[{"Movie":"Psycho","Title":"Man's Best Friend","Author":"Teobi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12107455","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Man's Best Friend For three days now, the stray dog has been sitting outside the back door of the diner. Norman has been feeding it scraps when Statler's back is turned. It's an ordinary mongrel with a look of German Shepherd about its ears and muzzle. It has bright, curious eyes and a feathered tail that wags when Norman appears but otherwise hangs still. The dog likes Mary and Norman but it's wary of Statler and Mrs. Spool, and Myrna won't entertain it at all. She says it's mangy and filthy and most likely covered in fleas. But Norman sees a kindred spirit- someone lonely and deserving of love, and so he brings it chunks of hamburger and slices of cheese and sits on the step while the dog devours each morsel, tail swinging back and forth. \"He's feeding that old mutt again,\" Myrna drawls from the side of her mouth as she passes Mary in the kitchen. Mary rolls her eyes. \"Oh, Myrna, it's just a dog. It's not as if he lets it sit at the counter.\" \"Funny haha. Wait until Statler catches him. That dog will be outta here before you can say Lassie come home.\" \"Mr. Statler already knows. Norman isn't exactly subtle- you can't miss him taking handfuls of leftovers out into the yard every day. It's nice that he's kind to it. Nobody else is.\" Myrna's expression softens. \"Norman's like a big kid sometimes. I guess he has a lot of years to catch up on.\" Mary goes to the door and leans against the wall with her arms folded. She watches the dog enjoying half a cheeseburger. Norman is perched on the step with his back to her. Myrna is right. He does, at this moment, resemble an overgrown kid. He has a little boy's tousled hair and slender neck. The dog swallows the meat and looks up, wags his tail at Mary. Norman turns his head to the side, looks at her from the corner of his eye. \"Hi, Norman,\" says Mary. \"And hi to you too, Scruffy.\" \"He's hungrier than ever today,\" Norman says. The dog isn't afraid of Mary; it approaches the step, allows Norman to scratch behind its ears. \"Poor thing. Still no idea where he came from?\" \"No. I've asked people, but they don't know. Anyway he's here now, and I'm not going to let anything happen to him. I'll take care of him, isn't that right, boy?\" The dog pants and grins and his tail wags harder. Mary glances back quickly, then sits next to Norman on the step. The dog nudges her hand with its nose and she gives its ears a quick rub. \"I'm leaving work a little earlier today. I've got a dentist appointment in town. But I can still swing by later, right?\" \"Of course,\" Norman answers. \"Not toothache, I hope?\" She smiles at his concern; both for her and the homeless animal wagging its tail in front of them. \"No, nothing like that. Just a checkup. I'll be home by seven. I mean, y'know... your home.\" Norman gives her that odd smile of his. \"It's your home too, Mary. For as long as you want to stay there.\" He strokes the dog's head. \"Everyone needs a place they can call 'home'. Hey, boy?\" Mary watches Norman for a while until Statler's voice comes booming out of the kitchen. \"Hey, Bobbsey Twins. Get back to work, and make sure you wash your hands after touching that critter!\" Norman winces and Mary lays her hand on his shoulder. \"C'mon, Norman. Duty calls. You'll see your friend again tomorrow.\" At 4pm, Mary changes into her sweater and jeans, grabs her bag and heads out the door. Norman waves to her as she goes, then returns to slicing tomatoes. Mary gets into a waiting cab and drives off in the direction of Fairvale. A mile down the road, Mary snaps her fingers and lets out a cry of dismay. \"Damn! I need my library card! Can we turn around, please? I'm okay to pay for the extra time.\" The cab driver murmurs his discontent, but they turn around and start heading back the way they came. \"Not the diner,\" Mary says. \"Further on, to the Bates Motel. I'm staying there, you see.\" The driver lifts his eyebrow in the rearview mirror. \"Rather you than me.\" Mary laughs. \"There's nothing wrong with that place anymore. I've been there almost a whole week and I'm still here, aren't I?\" \"You're a brave girl,\" the driver says, shaking his head. The cab passes Statler's diner and Mary ducks down and hides her face. But Norman is arranging salad on a plate and doesn't notice. At 5:30pm, Norman grabs his jacket. He bids goodbye to the staff, and says hello to the late shift workers who are just arriving. It's a pleasant evening with a cooling breeze and he walks for a while with his jacket over his arm, enjoying the familiar view of fields and distant hills. He's just about half way home when the dog comes slinking out from behind a thicket of dry scrub, wagging its tail in a submissive, guilty fashion. Norman is surprised but delighted to see the scrawny creature. He discards his jacket and makes a fuss of the dog, scratching its head and ears and talking to it in the exaggerated, happy way that people talk to dogs. Traffic is heavier now, even on the old highway. There are more cars on the road than there were twenty two years ago, and people drive fast and carelessly. Norman is afraid the dog might get hit. He picks up his jacket and rises to his feet. \"Come on, boy,\" he says, firmly. \"You're coming with me.\" The dog is happy to oblige. At 6:25pm, Mary arrives home. She gets out of the cab to find Norman and the dog in front of the cabins playing fetch with an old stick. \"Hey, Mary!\" Norman yells, waving madly. \"Look who's here!\" Mary is astonished. \"Did he wait for you at the diner?\" \"No, I met him on the way home! He's gonna live with us now, aren't you, Lucky?\" \"Lucky?\" \"Yeah. I know it's not exactly original, but he is lucky and he responds to the name. Don't you, Lucky?\" The dog, now called Lucky, barks in agreement. \"He does kind of look like a Lucky,\" Mary says with a grin. \"And he's sure taken to you, Norman. I've never seen you so happy.\" \"He's the dog I couldn't have when I was a child,\" Norman says, and his whole face is shining. \"Well, that's wonderful,\" Mary replies. \"Good things come to those who wait. Right Lucky?\" Norman bends down and hugs the dog like it's Christmas morning. \"It's great to see you so happy.\" Mary bites her lip. \"Well, not to be rude but I really need the bathroom. I'm going on up to the house. Do you want me to bring you anything?\" \"Nah, I'm good. Lucky and I are just gonna play here for a while.\" With that, Norman tosses the stick and Lucky runs after it, barking joyously. Mary runs up the steps to the house and hurries to the kitchen. She drops her bag on the floor and goes to the table. Her mouth dry, she searches for the note. It's there, right where she left it, underneath the pepper shaker. It hasn't even been disturbed. She whips it out and looks in disgust at the words scrawled across it. Norman! You know very well that a boy's best friend is his Mother! Don't let that mangy mutt near you again or I'll see to it that he's killed! Mother Suddenly Mary really does need the bathroom. Her heart is pounding, her stomach churning. She folds the note and ascends the staircase. She does her business, and then she tears the note into tiny pieces and flushes everything down the toilet. She waits to make sure that every last scrap of paper is gone. \"A boy's best friend is his Mother,\" she says to herself- and perhaps Lila, \"but a man's best friend is his dog. And right now, Norman needs as many friends as he can get.\" Lucky's barking is loud enough to reach her in the bathroom. She puts the toilet seat down, washes her hands, and runs down the stairs to join them. ","Summary":" Man's Best Friend For three days now, the stray dog has been sitting outside the back door of the d"},{"Movie":"Psycho","Title":"Kreepie Motel","Author":"Merickson","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11997230","Passage":"[Chapter 1] EXT. MANSION AND MOTEL - DAY An old Victorian mansion and a motel complex stand next to each other in an otherwise empty Southwestern desert. A flickering neon sign reads \"Kreepie Motel - Vacancy.\" A car pulls up and parks in front of the motel. A man, DETECTIVE ARBORDAY, steps out of the car, looking around as he heads to the open door of the motel office. INT. MOTEL OFFICE - DAY Arborday walks in. A cartoony plastic owl in a swooping position is mounted high on the far wall. Under it is a young man, HERMAN, asleep at a desk, wearing a lime-green ballcap, a T-shirt with neon zigzags on it, shorts, and sandals. ARBORDAY Excuse me? Hello? Herman doesn't respond. Arborday walks up and dings a bell on the desk. Herman jerks awake. HERMAN Huh? Oh, uh... Herman grabs a piece of paper and stands up. HERMAN (reading) \"Greetings, dudes and dudettes. I'm Herman Kreepie, and welcome to the totally radical Kreepie Motel and Waterpark. Come for the room and stay for the fun.\" ARBORDAY Waterpark? HERMAN I - Yes. Mother says we need to expand our business if we want to make the big bucks, so we converted the swamp out back into a world of first-rate family entertainment. Herman raises a window shade to reveal a view of the large inground swimming pool with water slides behind the motel. It is completely unpopulated. HERMAN The...the bucks haven't gotten much bigger. ARBORDAY Listen, friend, my name is Detective Arborday, and I'm investigating - HERMAN Wait, not done. (reading) \"Parents can kick back with a bodacious refreshment at our very own bar while the kids are having a tubular time at the pool.\" ARBORDAY I just want - HERMAN (reading) \"Sandwiches also available. Just remember what Owlie always says.\" Herman claps his hands. The plastic owl flaps its wings. OWL (scratchy recorded voice) I'm Owlie the Owl, and I get really bitter when there's litter-litter litter-litter - Herman throws a paperweight at the owl to shut it up. HERMAN Damn animatronics. ARBORDAY Listen! I don't care about your little resort. Have you seen this woman? Arborday takes a photo of a young woman out of his pocket and holds it up. ARBORDAY Her name is Mary-Ann Jane. She stole the tip jar from the Waffle House she works at and has been missing for five days. She was last seen on the road that goes past this place. HERMAN The confidentiality of any person who may or may not have been a guest at our establishment is strictly maintained. ARBORDAY Uh-huh. I suppose I can't look at your registry book then. HERMAN We don't have a book. If you'd like to register, just swipe your card and I'll put you in the database. No, you can't see the database. ARBORDAY Um, okay. You mentioned your mother. Is she in that big old house? Can I talk to her? HERMAN Oh you really shouldn't do that. ARBORDAY Mmm-hmm. Arborday looks around. ARBORDAY You know, I think I will take a room. HERMAN Great! ARBORDAY I've been on the road all night. A nice shower would do me some good. HERMAN If you want, you can spring for the hot tub. Only thirty dollars extra. ARBORDAY That's okay. HERMAN Tell two friends and get twenty percent off your next stay. ARBORDAY Sure, whatever. HERMAN And ten points on your rewards card when you sign up for - ARBORDAY (annoyed) Maybe later! EXT. MANSION AND MOTEL - DAY Arborday comes out of the office. HERMAN (O.S.) Enjoy your stay! ARBORDAY Yeah, uh-huh. He takes a few steps down the row of room doors. Then, checking to make sure he's not being followed, he turns in the direction of the mansion and makes his way to it, walking up to the front porch. INT. MANSION - DAY Arborday knocks on the front door, then slowly opens it a moment later, just enough to poke his head in. ARBORDAY Hello? He opens the door a little more and slips into the foyer. ARBORDAY Mrs. Kreepie? Are you home? Your son said I could find you here. I'm a detective. GRAVELLY FEMALE VOICE Hey. Hi there. ARBORDAY H-hello? GRAVELLY FEMALE VOICE Up here. Arborday looks up a flight of stairs to see a light peeking through a cracked-open door on the upper landing. ARBORDAY Are you Mrs. Kreepie? GRAVELLY FEMALE VOICE Yeah, I sure am. Come on up. I baked some cookies. Arborday shrugs and starts up the stairs. ARBORDAY I just want to ask you some questions about a missing person and then I'll be out of your way. GRAVELLY FEMALE VOICE Oh splendid. I have a question for you too. ARBORDAY For me? What - As Arborday reaches the upper landing, the cracked-open door flies open and MOTHER, played by Anne Ramsey, runs out at him with a clipboard. MOTHER Will you take this quick survey regarding your satisfaction with our place of business?! Arborday screams and stumbles backward, falling down the stairs and hitting the foyer below. ARBORDAY (groaning) Ugh, my head... MOTHER Oh crap. Herman walks in. HERMAN Mother! What did I tell you about leaving the door unlocked and jumping out at everyone who comes in with your surveys?! Mother shuffles down the stairs. MOTHER Taking 'em by surprise is the only way to get honest answers on the form! HERMAN Well you've probably given this guy an honest concussion. MOTHER Not my fault he's a clumsy poop! Is he gonna sue us? HERMAN (to Arborday) Hey dude, are you okay? Arborday groans again. MOTHER Ask him if he can rate the quality of our water slides on a scale of one to ten. HERMAN I don't think he can do anything right now. Mother sighs. MOTHER All right, bring him out back. EXT. WATERPARK BEHIND MOTEL - DAY Arborday lies unconscious on pavement. A stream of water hits him in the face, causing him to sit up, coughing. ARBORDAY Wha...what happened? He puts a hand to the side of his head and looks up to see a big plastic duck fountain. Next to it stand Herman and Mother. Herman records Arborday with a smartphone. MOTHER Wake up! Today's your lucky day, boy! ARBORDAY What's...what's going on? HERMAN You get to have lunch with Owlie the Owl himself! OWLIE, a man in an owl mascot costume, lurches up. OWLIE (panting) Hi there...little boy... Are...are you ready...to have fun...with good ol' Owlie? God it's hot in here. HERMAN You usually need ten notches on your punch card to meet Owlie, but you get to do it right now! Herman holds the phone closer to Arborday. HERMAN All you have to do is look into this lens and say, \"Kreepie Motel and Waterpark is not responsible for any injury I may have sustained during my visit.\" OWLIE Argh! I can't do this! Owlie rips off his fake head, revealing JEFF FAHEY inside the costume, dripping with sweat. JEFF FAHEY Seriously, it's a million degrees in this thing! MOTHER You put that head back on, Jeff Fahey! You don't get paid to be Jeff Fahey! You get paid to be the friggin' owl! MARY-ANN JANE walks up, wearing a robe. MARY-ANN Herman, the hot tub in my room isn't working. ARBORDAY You! MARY-ANN Uh-oh. Mary-Ann runs away. ARBORDAY Get back here! Arborday staggers to a stand and limps off after her. MOTHER This town is full of weirdos! Jeff Fahey lets the duck fountain spray him in the face. MOTHER We need to move! Everyone around here has their screws loose! Herman, with his back to Mother, puts a drop of liquid from a small bottle with a skull and crossbones on it into a cup of tea. He turns to Mother and offers the cup to her. HERMAN It'll be okay, Mother. Here, have some tea. MOTHER Ooh, tea time. Mother takes a sip. MOTHER Herman! There's barely any cyanide in this tea at all! I told you, four drops, not one! Herman sighs and puts three more drops from the small bottle into the tea. HERMAN You really need to cut down. MOTHER Shut up! END ","Summary":" EXT. MANSION AND MOTEL - DAY An old Victorian mansion and a motel complex stand next to each other "},{"Movie":"Psycho","Title":"The Bathroom","Author":"Teobi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12066837","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Bathroom Mary stood outside Cabin One in the heat of a summer afternoon. This was it. This was the place where Norman had killed her Aunt Marion. Mary wiped her sleeve across her forehead. She put the key in the lock, turned it, and went in. The air inside the cabin was still and fetid with the smell of stale cigarettes. Warren Toomey hadn't been fussy about the clientele and Norman fired him after finding drugs in one of the rooms. Each cabin would have to be thoroughly fumigated before the fastidious proprietor allowed any guests back in. With the motel closed until further notice, the place was quiet as the grave. If rooms could talk, she thought, her dark almond eyes taking in the bed and the dresser, the bedside table with lamp, the lone chair and the door to the closet. Bird pictures on the walls alluded to Norman's hobby, but for all intents and purposes it was just another motel room, albeit a slightly worn and shabby one. If she had expected the ghost of Aunt Marion to appear, she was disappointed. There was no sense of anything supernatural except the pervasive stillness, the total lack of movement save her own. She opened the drawer on the bedside table. There was a dusty Bible, a couple of sticky looking nickels and a dime, and a lone sheet of stationery with Bates Motel printed on it, covered in childish doodles. Her curiosity sated, she closed the drawer and wiped her fingers on her jeans. Dust motes whirled in Mary's wake as she crossed the room to open the rear window, unaware that Norman had done the same thing all those years ago to let fresh air into the cabin while Aunt Marion got settled. She peered through the curtains at the mansion on the hill and shivered. There had been nothing spooky about the room until that house became framed in the window, a somber monolith guarding its secrets, watching her every move. She decided against opening the window. She didn't know if ghosts could get out, but she certainly didn't want any getting in. She left the window and stood in front of the bathroom door. This was where her mother, Lila, told her it happened. Marion's gruesome murder. Stabbed to death as she took a shower, her personal, private space violated in the worst way imaginable. Vulnerable and naked, powerless against Norman Bates' insane strength as he plunged the knife into her until there was more blood splattered across the tiles than there was in her body. Remember that when he tries to win you over with his boyish charm , Lila had said, spitting out the words like poison. He's a dangerous man who should be locked up where he belongs. Mary took a deep breath and opened the door. Her skin goosebumped all over, as though she were standing in a Halloween Fun House. There was no window in the bathroom so she reached in and switched on the light, hoping that no arm would dart out of the darkness and grab her. But the light came on and illuminated white tiles. No blood. No bodies. No boogeymen. It was a bathroom. Just a bathroom. There was a toilet (with the seat thankfully down), a sink, and a bath that doubled as a shower. It was not a modern bathroom- the utilitarian fixtures looked as though they hadn't been changed since the 1950s. The bottom of the shower curtain was grimy, the grouting around the taps and shower head dark with mold. Mary's mouth twisted down at the corners. Norman hated a dirty bathroom. Toomey on the other hand, was content just to sit in the office and take peoples' money. She didn't like to think of all the things that had taken place at the motel after Norman was put away. There were things that people did nowadays that put old-fashioned murder in the shade. Mary approached the tub. A cold prickle ran down her spine. Now she was starting to feel strange. Was she standing in Aunt Marion's ghostly footsteps? Is this where she had stepped into the tub for a soothing shower, unaware that her life would end violently in less than five minutes? Was she standing where Norman stood when he killed her? She looked at the tiles, tried to imagine them splashed with blood. Maybe some of that discoloration in the grouting was blood. You could never get rid of blood completely. A lot of crimes got solved from one drop of blood hidden away somewhere. But Aunt Marion's death was not an unsolved crime. Mary's parents had caught Norman red-handed... quite literally. She stared into the bath, feeling an unexpected sense of sadness and desolation. What a way to die. What a place to die. The only way it could have been worse was if Aunt Marion had been sitting on the toilet. But that was hardly something to be grateful for. A wave of nausea hit her. She had to get out of this claustrophobic room before she spewed everywhere. Now convinced that she could smell death, she ran through the cabin and out into the fresh air where she leaned against a post, filling her lungs with oxygen. After a minute or two she steeled herself and went back in to turn off the bathroom light, close the door and leave everything as it had been when she first entered. She didn't want Norman knowing she'd been anywhere near Cabin One. The plan was to drive him insane without getting herself killed in the process. Had she taken her time and been a little more observant, she would have noticed the flicker of an eye through a tiny peephole in the wall. Mary returned to the house. Norman was on laundry duty in the utility room, which had given her the chance to go snooping. She poked her head around the door to say hello. The washing machine was on, humming softly to itself, and a pile of sheets and pillowcases sat waiting for the next load. But of Norman, there was no sign. She wasn't too alarmed. Knowing how easily Norman got distracted, she figured he'd be pottering around somewhere in the vicinity. She went into the kitchen to make coffee. As a safety precaution, she pulled open the cutlery drawer just to check the big knife was there. It was. She breathed a sigh of relief, closed the drawer, and took the coffee can out of the overhead cupboard. She was sitting at the table waiting for the water to boil when Norman finally appeared at the back door. He looked hot. His face and neck gleamed with sweat and his hands and fingers were dirty. Damp hair stuck up all over his head. But he looked happy- in fact he was positively grinning from the effects of physical exertion. Mary looked him up and down. it was almost impossible to imagine this lanky, likable man stabbing someone to death in a mindless frenzy. \"Where have you been?\" she asked, watching him walk over to the sink. \"Out back,\" he answered, breathlessly. \"Digging.\" \"To China?\" He cocked his head with a mock-sarcastic look. \"As a matter of fact, I thought I might plant a vegetable garden.\" Mary blinked, caught off guard by this simple act of domesticity. \"Norman, that's a great idea!\" \"Better than digging to China.\" He smirked at her as he washed his hands. \"And where have you been? I wanted you to help me fold sheets but you disappeared like the White Rabbit.\" Mary's throat tightened. She hadn't prepared herself for this question. She could either lie outright or tell half a truth. She decided on the latter. \"Down at the cabins,\" she said with a casual air that she didn't really feel. He dried his hands on a towel and was about to pour himself a glass of water. He paused with his hand on the faucet and turned towards her. \"Oh? What for?\" \"Just looking around, I guess. Now that Toomey's gone, I don't feel so threatened. It's a nice place- kind of like something you'd run into in an old movie.\" His eyes on her felt a little intense and she shifted uncomfortably. \"There's a lot of work to be done to bring it up to scratch,\" he said. \"You're welcome to help out, if you want. I know you're a busy girl, but an extra pair of hands sure would be appreciated.\" Mary nodded a little too enthusiastically. \"I'd love to,\" she agreed. \"Great,\" he said, returning to the task of pouring his water. \"The place could certainly do with a woman's touch. Mother was always very good with the little details- cushions and bedspreads, decorative pillowcases. It's one of the things I miss about her. Of course it's one thing to make a room look cozy, it's quite another to make it a place where you would want to be.\" Mary watched him silently as he tipped his head back and gulped down his water. Somewhere in his subconscious mind there had to be an image of Aunt Marion in her death throes, her bloody body writhing under his onslaught, screaming for help that would never come. He was the last person to see her alive. He had brutally taken her life, her future, the very soul from her body. He had done all that and yet here he was, calmly talking about vegetable gardens and frilly pillowcases. The world was upside down, and Mary felt herself tipping with it. The wave of nausea came over her again and she knew, too late, that she should never have gone into that bathroom. She cursed herself for her stupidity. If only she wasn't so damned impulsive. Everyone was right- she was a silly girl with a head of wood and she deserved everything she got. A sudden, ear-splitting scream made her jump out of her skin. Her head snapped up, eyes wide and blinking, automatically checking to make sure Norman had no knife in his hand. But he was right there in front of her, leaning on the counter with his arms folded, watching her with idle curiosity. He was unexpectedly handsome in the golden afternoon sunlight, the furthest thing from a deranged killer she could ever have imagined. \"Water's boiled,\" he said with a smile, pointing at the shrilling kettle and the cloud of steam emanating from it. \"Are you going to switch it off, or do I have to do everything around here myself?\" \"I got it,\" she mumbled. \"A plate of cookies would be nice too, while you're at it.\" \"No need to crack the whip.\" He clapped his hands together and began barking out orders like an Army sergeant. \"Step lively, recruit! I can't dig to China on an empty stomach!\" ' Don't let him win you over with his boyish charm ', Lila had warned her. But as Mary got up to make the coffee and get the cookies, despite her shaky legs and an image of a tub that glistened with Aunt Marion's blood, she feared it was already too late. ","Summary":" The Bathroom Mary stood outside Cabin One in the heat of a summer afternoon. This was it. This was "},{"Movie":"Psycho","Title":"A Boy And His Mother","Author":"moviefan-92","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12168753","Passage":"[Chapter 1] (A/N: I recently rewatched the Psycho series. Well, the first three anyway, I didn't care for the fourth. Anyway, this is a short one-shot I wrote that offers an alternate ending to the second movie and dismisses the third one completely. It's fine if you haven't seen the third movie, but if you haven't seen the second one, this story may confuse you a bit. I suggest reading the plot on Wikipedia before reading this. Anyway, I hope you like it.) \" A BOY AND HIS MOTHER \" Disclaimer: I own nothing. The smell of freshly made grilled cheese sandwiches was heavenly. Norman Bates truly loved that smell. Not just because he enjoyed the meal, but because, as he said to an old friend so long ago, they were the only remaining good memories he had of his mother, of how she made them for him when he was sick. They were the only good memories because the doctors at the institution had taken away all the others, leaving only the bad so he could work through them, and not cling to the happy memories, wanting to maintain that connection. But that's what happened when you develop a split personality that takes on the persona of your mother. After committing seven murders, five of which had been done by this other personality, he had received treatment for 22 years to cure his insanity. But at long last, the state had deemed him cured and released him. It was as relieving as it was heartbreaking, having lost all good memories of his mother. Except for the cheese sandwiches. And now he was making them. For his mother. Yes, his mother was alive. It had been confusing at first, trying to figure it out. What with the phone calls from someone claiming to be his real mother, not Mrs. Bates, and with Lila and Mary Loomis trying to drive him insane again, not to mention Emma Spool trying to convince him that she was his real mother and Norma Bates was actually his aunt who just raised him, it had made it very difficult for Norman to figure out what was true, and what was even real at all. But he had finally figured it out. His mother wasn't dead. The doctors were wrong, the police were wrong. He hadn't killed her when he was a child, just her lover. No, his mother was alive and well. Well, maybe not well, but she was alive. Old, sick, disabled, but still alive. And she wasn't just in his head, but physically here, and it was time for her dinner. With a tray of cheese sandwiches and milk, he made his way up to his mother's room. He always made sure to keep it clean for her. After all, she couldn't do anything on her own; she was a sick old lady, unable to do much of anything other than sit and stare, like one of his stuffed birds. But unlike his birds, his mother needed to eat, and so he set the tray down beside her chair. His mother liked to look out the window since she couldn't get around anymore, though he was much more careful so she wouldn't be seen by anyone outside. If anyone discovered her, she would be sent to a home, or worse, and he couldn't have that. No, it was a son's duty to take care of his mother, and that's exactly what he would do. \"Look, Mother, I made grilled cheese sandwiches for you, just like you used to for me when I was sick.\" There was no response, but he didn't let that bother him. His mother tended to get angry frequently and tell him false things, but he knew it was the sickness talking, not her. So he just put a smile on his face and picked up half of the sandwich, holding it to her mouth. \"Do you know what today is?\" he asked her. He didn't wait for a response as he continued. \"It's the 22nd anniversary of when I was released from the institution. I had 22 years in, now I've had 22 years out. I'm so glad that you can share this time with me.\" Still no response, and she refused to eat the sandwich. That's ok, she was just being stubborn; she'd eat eventually. He could wait. Business was usually slow anyway, and there were no customers at the motel right now. Fortunately, he still made enough to get by, for both him and his mother. \"All we have is each other,\" he told her. \"But that's ok, we're all we need, 'cause I'm your son, and you're my loving mother.\" Finally there was a reaction, a very violent reaction as his mother moved as much as she was able to. \"Damn it, Norman, I'm not your mother!\" He frowned, stung by what she said. She had said this many times before, but he knew it wasn't true; it was just the sickness talking. He would just ignore it like he always did. After all, he had been sick for quite awhile, he knew how it could affect the mind. So he forgave, like always, because that's what a son did. \"N-Now, I know you're upset with me, Mother. I don't like keeping you up here anymore than you like being here, but you have to stay here. You know what will happen if they find you.\" \"Norman, please, it's me, Mary! Mary Loomis! Why can't you see it?!\" But Norman just smiled at her as he held the sandwich up to her mouth. He truly didn't see her, only his mother. Truthfully, Mary didn't know why she bothered anymore. They had been living this way for… good God, had it really been 22 years? She couldn't comprehend that. For over two decades, she had been living in this house, tended to by this psycho, whom she herself had helped drive back to insanity. She still remembered it. The phone calls her own mother had been making to Norman, of which she herself had been an accomplice to. But while she wanted to leave Norman in peace, her mother refused, unable to let go of her hatred for Norman after he stabbed her sister to death in the shower back when he was still crazy. That moment with the doctor, that had led to this. He'd grabbed her from behind, startling her, and she'd stabbed him on reflex with the butcher's knife she held, killing him. Norman, lost in his delusions, upon discovering the doctor's body, and seeing her, Mary, dressed as Norma Bates and wearing her wig, came for her, to hide her in the fruit cellar so no one would find her. She'd backed away, unwillingly backing into the fruit cellar he sought to hide her in. She'd tripped going down the stairs, landing on her head and breaking her neck. She hadn't died though, but had ended up paralyzed from the neck down. She could barely even manage to move her head, or even speak, let alone call for help so anyone could hear her. Hell, even her shouting at Norman a moment ago had barely come out more than a small mumble. She had been unconscious when the police came. Already convinced of Lila and Mary's guilt in the murders in their attempt to send Norman back to the institution, it hadn't taken much for any suspicion on Norman to be dismissed. Norman had gone along with their suspicions, blaming his injuries on Mary before saying how she had fled once the police came. As far as the general public knew, Lila and Mary Loomis were murderers at large that had fled once their plan failed; the two never found. It was easy enough to believe, there was no doubt that Mary had killed the doctor after all, even if it was an accident. She had awoken in the fruit cellar hours later, unable to move so much as a finger. She had been hidden away when unconscious by Norman. After coming to, she had then spent the next several hours screaming for help, her voice coming out as nothing more than a raspy whisper, the only thing it had ever sounded like since. Eventually, Norman had come home. He then brought her up to his mother's room, cleaned her up, and began tending to her. She tried speaking to him, reasoning with him, but he seemed deaf to the truth. His insanity had indeed returned, but different from before. He seemed only to hear certain things she said, the voices in his head making him hear other things, things Mary didn't say, but he seemed to think she did. He was truly convinced that she was his mother, and nothing she ever said could change his mind. Then had come that visit from Emma Spool, an elderly woman clearly just as mad as Norman. Mary couldn't call out to her in a voice the old waitress could hear, but she heard the conversation between them. She claimed that she was Norman's real mother, that Mrs. Bates was her sister, who took care of Norman since Miss Spool was too young. That she too had spent time in an institution for insanity, and how after getting out had tried to reconnect with Norman, killing everyone that had been tormenting her son, including Mary's mother. Then Norman had killed her, whacking her over the head with a shovel. Mary still remembered the bone-crushing clang , could still hear Norman's accusing tone when he raged at Miss Spool's corpse that she was a liar who was trying to come between him and his real mother, who was safely tucked away upstairs. He then disposed of her body, and things began settling into a routine where Norman took care of Mary, just as he would have had she been his real mother. Miss Spool's disappearance didn't go unnoticed, but the only real problem came from a snobby reporter who wouldn't stop snooping around. Even after the sheriff sent her away, the reporter had snuck back into town and broken into Norman's house to investigate. She had discovered Mary in Mrs. Bates' room, moments before Norman killed her. She had been the last person Mary had seen other than Norman in these past 22 years. Sometimes Mary wondered if, perhaps, this was an ironic form of divine punishment. Norman would have been fine had she and her mother had just let him be. But no, they had to drive him mad once again, and now this was their punishment. Her mother had been living her life for dead people, and now she was one. And Mary, she had been doing the same, at first, but then wanted to let Norman live his life. Was that why she had been spared? Was this being spared? Could one call this living? A tear ran down her face, one of the countless she had shed over the years. She hated this, this shadow of life she was living. A part of her wished she had died that day when she broke her neck. She sometimes thought that maybe she could somehow still kill herself now. But she was paralyzed, how could she? She couldn't even muster up the strength to bite her own tongue off. She'd thought about just not eating or drinking, had tried it several times, but the thirst and the hunger always beat her resolve, not to mention Norman would not allow it, even force feeding her if it came to it. No, it seemed that her only hope would be that she would one day be discovered and saved from this hell. But she didn't see how it was possible. Norman kept everyone away, was very careful. He wouldn't even let anyone get close. No one would ever find her here. But Norman was getting up there in years. He would be 64 now, and he had a good 20 years on her. She depended on him entirely to keep living. Once he died, she would too in a matter of days. The human body could only last about 3 days without water. Once Norman was gone, that was all she would have. Her only hope for survival, for having any hope for a life outside of this room, or that accursed fruit cellar he sometimes hid her in when he became paranoid, was to convince him that she was not his mother; something she had been unable to do even after all these years. \"Norman, please, look at me,\" she begged, trying to convince him, for the millionth time, that she was not who he thought he was. \"I'm telling you, I'm Mary. My mother and I tricked you. You're real mother is dead. Norma Bates, or Emma Spool, whichever one is your real mother, are dead. It's not me. Just look at me!\" He did, his eyes sad, but still smiling. \"Oh, Mother, why must you say such hurtful things?\" He reached up and stroked her cheek. She wanted to pull her head away, but she couldn't even do that. \"But I know that you really love me. I love you too. Now here, eat.\" He held the sandwich to her mouth again. Slowly, Mary's mouth opened. The sandwich was soft, almost soggy, and even with her limited biting strength, she was able to eventually bite through the bread and cheese. From there it was a long process slowly chewing. She thought about just swallowing it whole and possibly choking, had even tried it before, but Norman took precautions, never giving her more than a little bit at a time, not enough to choke on. Most foods he brought her couldn't even be choked on anyway, like soups or yogurts. And those that weren't, he was very careful in feeding to her. It was a long so process, but Norman was patient until she had eaten everything. Then he gave her the milk to drink, before cleaning up after her. Giving her a smile, he gathered up the dishes, and placed a kiss to the top of her head. \"I have some work to do in the motel. I'll be back later.\" Her eyes pleaded with him as he headed for the door. \"Norman, please, just listen to me. I'm not your mother. I'm Mary. Mary!\" \"I love you, Mother,\" he said, slowly closing the door. And even though Mary didn't say it, Norman heard in his head his mother's voice, telling him that she loved him too. \"Norman!\" Mary shouted as best as she could after him. \"Norman!\" But it was no use. He was already gone. They had gone through this routine tens of thousands of times, and the result was always the same. Norman may not kill people anymore, but he was still as crazy as ever. And Mary knew it was all her fault. She had pretended to be Norman's mother, and now… she was. THE END (A/N: That's irony for you. Actually, when I first saw the second movie, this was what I thought was going to happen. Well, something along those lines. Anyway, that's my story. I hope you liked it. Feel free to review, and be careful in the shower. Bwa, ha, ha!) ","Summary":" (A/N: I recently rewatched the Psycho series. Well, the first three anyway, I didn't care for the f"},{"Movie":"Psycho","Title":"Psycho II - Alternate Ending","Author":"ChocolateChipCookie30","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12204151","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Norman was talking on the phone at the moment to someone whom he believed was his real mother. When Mary took the phone from him, there had been no one on the line. Norman, however, thought there was. She knew that she had to do something. Norman Bates was looking his mind again, and it was all thanks to her and her mother, Lila. She didn't care if the sheriff hated her or not, she had to try to convince him to do something. No, Mary wasn't going to let them lock Norman back up again, as she had promised that she wouldn't let that happen. He didn't want to ever go back, and asked Mary to not let them take him. The desperation in his voice broke her heart, almost. She held him and listened to him as he told her about being a little boy and how his mother used to make him toasted cheese sandwiches, before she went insane. The poor guy had definitely suffered. He had been sick as a child, and gotten worse. Luckily, he was put away and rehabilitated. Lila Loomis refused to forgive Norman Bates, and tried whatever she could to make sure he was locked back up for the rest of his life. Mary understood Lila's anger and pain, for Marion Crane was Lila's sister and they were very close. But to actually try to drive someone insane was pretty bad. Was it worse than what Norman did all those years ago? Norman Bates killed quite a number of people, but he didn't do it because he was a monster. He did it, not knowing what he was doing. He blacked out when it happened, and when he woke up, was shocked to discover what had happened, and blamed the murders on \"Mother.\" Lila had every right to be upset about Norman's release, but she didn't have the right to try and drive him insane again. What if it worked and he hurt somebody else? Would Lila really risk having someone get hurt just so Norman would be locked away? Well, yes. Her own daughter. Mary shook her head at this. Now wasn't the time. She needed to find a way to get Norman help without him being locked away again. Maybe if Doctor Raymond just sat down and tried to explain to Norman, then everything would be okay? The door opened, suddenly, startling Mary. It had no effect on Norman, whatsoever. He was still on the phone with \"Mother.\" The person who walked in was Doctor Raymond. \"Doctor Raymond, thank God you're here! Norman needs you.\" Before Doctor Raymond could say anything, Mary led him into the room where Norman was on the phone. \"Yes, Mother.\" \"He thinks he's talking to his mother.\" Doctor Raymond gently took the phone from Norman's hand and hung it up. Norman shook his head in confusion. \"Why did you hang up on my mother?\" \"That wasn't your mother, Norman. It was Lila Loomis.\" Again, Norman shook his head. This time, Mary spoke up. \"It's true, Norman. I tried telling you. Me and my mother were trying to drive you crazy again. I stopped, though. She won't.\" Doctor Raymond rounded on Mary. \"You're lucky I didn't bring Sheriff Hunt here to arrest you.\" Nodding her head, Mary started to cry. Norman shocked the doctor by pulling her into a hug, and gently stroking her dark hair. \"It's all right. I forgive you. You stopped, that's all that matters. But like I told you both, it's not Lila Loomis. It's my real mother, not Mrs. Bates. Mrs. Bates only took care of me. My biological mother is still alive and has contacted me.\" Doctor Raymond sighed. \"Norman, Mrs. Bates was your biological mother. I showed you her corpse at the cemetery. The phone calls have been placed from the motel parlor. It was Lila Loomis.\" Norman wasn't convinced. Again, Doctor Raymond sighed. This was going to be harder than he thought. \"I have an idea,\" Mary said, wiping her eyes. \"Haven't you done enough,\" Doctor Raymond asked with pure hatred in his eyes. \"Don't talk to Mary like that,\" snapped Norman. \"She's my friend. She says she stopped messing with me and I believe her.\" \"It's all right, Norman,\" Mary said with a sniff. \"Doctor Raymond, what if I can convince my mother to come here? Together, we can get her to admit to Norman that she's the one making the phone calls.\" \"Your mother was here earlier, Miss Loomis, but I haven't seen her since. The last time I saw her she was sneaking into the fruit cellar.\" Mary sighed. \"Well, I don't know what else to tell you, Doctor Raymond. She can't let go of the past. I feel horrible about my part in this whole thing. It was wrong of me. I am so sorry, Norman.\" \"I know you are.\" Mary was soon forgiven by Doctor Raymond as well as Sheriff Hunt. With a little more investigating, they were able to find out that the woman Norman thought was his real mother, was Miss Spool from the diner. They were able to get a confession from her. It turned out she was really Norman's aunt, who really believed she was his mother, for she had been in love with his father. She kidnapped Norman when he was just a baby, but he was brought back to his real mother only after a couple of days. In a jealous rage, Miss Spool had killed Norman's father by setting a bunch of bees on him. Turns out he was severely allergic. Norman was finally convinced that his real mother was dead. Mary had been heartbroken when she found out Miss Loomis had killed Lila. Sure, Lila was a bitch and a bully, but deep down, Mary still loved her, even though she wasn't the best mother. Norman and Mary had sat down and had a long talk, and both gave very sincere apologies for the hurt they caused each other. Norman got the motel up and running, finally, with Mary's help, and business sure was booming. Mary worked both at the diner as well as the motel. She and Norman had remained friends until their dying days. Life definitely got better for the both of them. THE END ","Summary":" Norman was talking on the phone at the moment to someone whom he believed was his real mother. When"},{"Movie":"Psycho","Title":"3am","Author":"Teobi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12037703","Passage":"[Chapter 1] For Christina who reviewed one of my stories as a Guest, thank you for the review and yes, I will be writing more about NormanxMary, whether they are new ones of continuations of existing ones. I love them and I wish I could write about them every day! 3am Norman awoke in a panic. The nightmare had seemed so real. He was lost in the asylum, running through a labyrinth of dark, gloomy corridors that twisted and turned, leading everywhere and nowhere. There were clocks on the walls, each showing a different time. He ran with his hands outstretched, lurching from one room to another, frightened, alone and unable to scream. It was as though he were trapped in a living place with a heartbeat thumping underneath his feet. It was only as he lay back against the cushions that he realized it wasn't the asylum he was dreaming about. It was the house. This house. His house. Norman threw off the blanket and got up. The room was dark and still. He padded down the hallway, turned right at the muted stained glass window and entered the kitchen. Moonlight clung to the outside of the windows. He did not switch the light on. He crossed the room and stood at the sink, looking across the fields at tiny winking lights in the distance. He took a glass and held it under the faucet. The pipes shuddered and groaned as the water gurgled out. He winced, hoping it wouldn't wake up Mary. She was sleeping upstairs, in his old bedroom, in his bed , while he slept downstairs on the couch. It was the right thing to do, the chivalrous thing to do. But he wondered if the presence of Mary in the house had caused the nightmare; had brought forbidden thoughts into his sleeping mind. He imagined her sleeping peacefully, on her back, her sleek, dark head pressed into the pillows, body covered by thin blankets. He imagined her face, expressionless, beautiful, her almond eyes shut tight, full lips slightly parted. He did not imagine her naked. She was a peaceful, happy child- something that he had never been. He did not want to spoil the purity of his waking thoughts in any way. Norman drank his water, felt a chill as it settled in his stomach. He set the glass down and rubbed his hands over his face, dragged his fingers through his hair. He rubbed the tops of his arms, clasped his hands onto his shoulders, felt the bony nubs of his clavicles with his fingertips. He felt ancient, like something out of a dusty old book. A mythical creature; half man, half supernatural being, a thin spectral blade slicing quietly through the night. The pipes did not wake Mary, for she was not asleep. She lay on her back, just as Norman had imagined, her head propped up on the pillows, her eyes fixed on the chair wedged against the door. It would break Norman's heart to know that she didn't quite trust him, but it was her first night in the house and she wasn't taking any chances. This was all her mother's fault. Lila Loomis and her longstanding grudge against a man who had served his time. But maybe she had a point- Norman's psychosis was out of his control. But nothing about Norman suggested that he was still broken. He had been nothing but gentlemanly towards her from the moment they met. In fact she would go so far as to say that he was the nicest person in that whole diner, the only one who spoke to her with any sort of kindness and respect. Beneath his nervous exterior he had a certain boyish charm and a surprisingly lovely smile. What a shame that she and Lila were trying to drive him mad again. The old plumbing rattling in the walls told Mary that Norman was up and about. She tensed, waiting for a creak on the stairs that never came. She pictured him alone in the kitchen, and something tugged at her heart. Perhaps he needed company. Perhaps she needed company. Mary swung her legs out of bed and stood up. She pulled on her jeans and removed the chair from the door. She crept out onto the landing, tiptoed down the stairs, and made her way towards the back of the house. She turned the corner at the end of the hallway and saw him silhouetted against the windows over the sink, his broad shoulders accentuated by his thin t-shirt, his long legs encased in rumpled chinos. \"Hey,\" she said, softly. Norman turned around. \"Mary. I woke you.\" She shook her head, ruffled her fingers through her hair. \"No, I wasn't asleep.\" Norman became flustered. \"Oh. I'm sorry to hear that. Is the room cold? The bed not comfortable? It's been a long time since anyone slept in it. Well, I - I say 'anyone', I mean, just me.\" She smiled at the rapid stream of words. \"Everything's fine, Norman. I guess it's just my first night in a strange house and I can't stop thinking about Scott.\" She thought it best not to add and being stabbed to death in my sleep. \"Oh. Scott .\" Norman sounded almost petulant, like a cuckolded husband. \"Well, only you can figure that one out.\" \"It's already figured out,\" she replied. \"It's over between us.\" She approached Norman at the sink. \"What about you? Why aren't you asleep?\" \"Nightmare.\" Seeing the wary look that crept onto her face he added, \"I was running away from something I couldn't see.\" \"Ugh, I hate nightmares. I get them too. There's always some invisible thing chasing me.\" \"Wh- what do you think it means?\" Mary shrugged, her smooth shoulder reflecting pale light. \"Our deepest fears, I guess.\" Norman picked up the empty glass and refilled it. \"Here,\" he said, handing it to her. She drank thirstily while he watched her lips hug the rim of the glass, perhaps in the same place that his had been. \"I... It feels like my first night in a strange house too,\" he said, folding his arms defensively across his chest. \"These rooms, these hallways, all feel different to me now. As if I shouldn't be here anymore.\" Mary looked around the spacious kitchen, everything thrown into shadow, chairs huddled like animals, dark cupboards looming behind them. For a moment she imagined everything coming to life, like something from Disney's Fantasia . Mops and buckets, chairs and tables, all performing a moonlit waltz around her, with Norman in the middle, controlling them all. \"Stairways leading to unknown places,\" Norman went on, unaware of her colorful visions. \"Doors closed against the murky past. When I was small, this house was big as a cathedral. Now it feels like it's closing in on me, waiting to smother me in my sleep.\" He chuckled dryly. \"I don't even want to know what awaits me in the fruit cellar.\" Mary put her glass down quietly, so as not to wake the table and chairs. \"Do you think I have anything to do with it? You know, sleeping in your bed, and all.\" Norman visibly twitched as his nervous tic returned. \"I considered it. Mother would not approve of a girl sleeping in my be... my be... my bedroom .\" \"You still worry about her, don't you? Even though she's not here anymore?\" He smiled thinly. \"Old habits are hard to break.\" \"But you know it was all in your head.\" \"I do now . Thanks to Dr. Raymond and his team. They were very good to me in the asy... in the hospital.\" \"You had a tortured mind, Norman.\" Mary reached out and rubbed his arm. His skin was warm, which surprised her. \"But that's all in the past now. New beginnings, right?\" Shadows danced over Norman's gaunt features. \"Right. New beginnings.\" They faced each other under a blanket of silence. Norman's shoulders moved in subtle panther-like undulations, stirring something primal within her. She had a sudden and overwhelming urge to throw her arms about his neck and kiss him, but she wasn't brave enough. She couldn't bring herself to make that one step towards him that would change their relationship forever. She was here in this house for one reason only, and that was to do her mother's work. There was to be no emotional entanglement, no matter how charming he was or how tempted she felt in the dark nighttime world where it seemed as though they were the only two people alive. She tried to shrug the feeling off, but there was something about him in that moment; his tall frame, his glittering eyes, that was dangerously attractive. She fought down the urge to encourage him upstairs and let him do anything he wanted with her. She was scared to provoke his inner demons that way. She did not want to make the nightmare real when she had no chance to escape. Hoping he couldn't read her thoughts, Mary unfolded her arms and socked him on the chest. \"I'm going back to bed,\" she said softly. \"You should, too. We have work tomorrow.\" \"Right,\" he agreed. They left the kitchen together and walked barefoot down the hall. Norman stopped at the door to the front room as Mary prepared to ascend the stairs. Mary's neck itched with doubt- it was now or never. It was Norman who finally broke the stalemate. \"Well, goodnight, Mary,\" he said. \"Or should I say, good morning.\" Flushed and anxious, Mary fidgeted on the bottom step. \"I hope you don't have any more nightmares,\" she said, wishing she would just run up the stairs and be done with it. \"I won't,\" he said, cheerfully. \"I feel better for talking to you. Besides, dreams can't hurt us. Everyone has them, right?\" \"Right,\" she said. \"Just remember that. We all have nightmares. Whatever's chasing us, it isn't real.\" Norman pushed himself off the door frame. \"Go to bed, Mary. Sleep tight. Don't let the bed bugs bite. Not that there are any bed bugs. Whatever else I may be, I'm meticulous about my bedding.\" Mary laughed at that. She climbed the stairs, her fingers running lightly up the banister as gently as if she were touching his skin. \" Mañana , Norman,\" she said, almost under her breath. \" Demain , Mary,\" he replied. \" Dans le matin .\" \"Show off,\" she said from the landing. Back on the couch, Norman lay with his hands behind his head staring up at the ceiling. He blinked into the gloom, fearful of drifting into another bad dream. Back in bed, Mary lay with her eyes fixed on the door. But this time there was no chair wedged under the doorknob. This time she waited for the doorknob to turn. She wanted him to appear. She tried to will him up the stairs with the power of her mind, concentrating so hard that her brow furrowed with the intensity. But she waited. And waited. And waited. And finally she gave up. By the time the sky began to lighten, Mary and Norman were both cocooned in separate bubbles of dreamless slumber, waiting for the dawn. ","Summary":" For Christina who reviewed one of my stories as a Guest, thank you for the review and yes, I will b"},{"Movie":"Psycho","Title":"Chicken Fried Steak and a Glass of Milk","Author":"Teobi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12052994","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Lynette and the kitchen boy are my own OCs. Everyone else appeared in both Psycho II and III. Chicken Fried Steak and a Glass of Milk \"Can I have my order, please?\" Myrna fidgeted at the counter while the new cook's helper rushed to get the food. She couldn't blame the boy for being nervous- Statler wasn't an easy guy to work for. But there were limits to her patience and when her customers were shooting daggers she took it personally. \"Coming right up,\" the boy cried with false cheer. He made his way across the kitchen, dodging around the large bulk that was Ralph Statler, and dropped two plates onto the counter. The burgers looked a little lopsided and grease was smeared around the rim of one plate but Myrna was in no mood to quibble. The morning wasn't going great and she wasn't going to make it worse. \"Put a rocket under it next time,\" she muttered, grabbing the plates. \"Sorry, Myrna,\" he said, turning bright red. The new waitress wasn't much better, either. Myrna nearly collided with her, lifting the plates into the air to avoid the apologetic young girl as she dodged beneath Myrna's arm. \"Jesus, Lynette, what are you going to be like when it gets busy?\" \"Sorry, Myrna... I'll get better, I promise.\" \"If I hear 'sorry, Myrna', one more time...\" \"Sorry, Myrna,\" Lynette babbled. Myrna plastered on her best smile and delivered the food to the customers on Table 2. The man unfurrowed his brow and replaced it with a hungry leer. \"'Bout time,\" he rumbled. \"My apologies, sir. New staff. They're doing the best they can.\" The man ignored her, lifted his burger and took a huge bite, his face almost disappearing into the bread. Meanwhile, his wife lifted the top of her bun and peered suspiciously at the slice of limp gherkin. Myrna braced herself for a barrage of complaints from the sharp faced woman. \"Can I get you people anything else?\" She glanced around at other customers, hoping the answer was 'no'. Relief washed over her when the couple shook their heads, too busy eating to talk. The woman had evidently found her appetite and was working her way through a pile of french fries. Bon appeteet, Myrna thought, wearily. Between Statler yelling at the kitchen staff and the Pac-Man game trilling and beeping, Myrna didn't hear the door opening behind her. She turned around to head back to the kitchen and bumped straight into someone. She dropped her order pad, mumbling an oath under her breath before she looked up and saw who it was. \"S-sorry, Myrna,\" the man stuttered. \"Oh my God,\" Myrna exclaimed. \"Norman!\" Norman bent down to retrieve Myrna's order pad, handing it to her with a crooked, nervous smile. \"Norman, how are you? When did you get back from town?\" Myrna couldn't help but notice the fresh bandages wrapped round his hands. \"Jeez, Norman, everything happens to you, doesn't it?\" Norman attempted to answer all of her questions as she pulled him by the elbow to an empty booth. \"I'm fine. Two days ago. Yes- it seems so.\" Mr. Statler had appeared at the counter and was staring open-mouthed. \"Good God, Norman, where are ya when we need you?\" \"I'd love to help out, Mr. Statler, but I'm afraid-\" Norman held up his injured hands. \"God dammit,\" Statler bellowed. \"Sit yourself down, Norman. It's good to see you.\" Norman settled into the booth, looking around quickly to see if anyone was staring at him. They weren't. They were too busy eating and talking, wrapped up in themselves and each other. He turned back around and picked up the menu. How easily people forgot things. \"What can I get you, Norman?\" Myrna was standing over him, beaming widely. \"We just added chicken fried steak to the menu, it's pretty good. Would you like to try it?\" Norman smiled and nodded. \"If you recommend it, Myrna, then it must be good.\" Myrna found herself blushing. \"When did you become such a smooth talker?\" Norman's smile dropped a little as confusion clouded his eyes. Myrna tapped his shoulder with the order pad. \"Never mind, I'm just teasin' you. You've been through a lot, lately. Just glad to see you home, and not- well, you know.\" \"I do,\" he said, slowly. \"Okay, well- I'll go get you your steak.\" Myrna trotted to the kitchen and placed an order for chicken fried steak. She glanced back and saw Norman looking at Lynette as the girl carried food to Table 4. His thoughts seemed to be elsewhere while his eyes studied her slim figure and the untidy straw-blond hair that she'd scraped back into an ineffective ponytail. Lynette herself didn't even notice he was looking. A feeling of possessiveness crept over Myrna and she went to the refrigerator to get a carton of cold milk. She wiped a glass with a clean tissue until it gleamed, then poured it full of milk and took it back to Norman's table. For some weird reason she didn't want him looking at Lynette. She didn't know why. \"I hope Sheriff Hunt didn't give you a hard time,\" she said as he took the glass from her hand. \"No, not at all. He was very understanding.\" Norman took a small sip and put the glass down. \"Very nice,\" he said, wiping his lip with his thumb. \"Your hands must hurt,\" Myrna prompted. \"You were lucky she didn't kill you.\" Norman's eyes turned dark but his smile remained. \"How much do you know, Myrna?\" \"Just... you know, the grapevine. People talking. Just... stuff. Mary going crazy and all. Who would have thought it? Then again, she was always a little off. Couldn't put my finger on it. Not all there, you know?\" Myrna caught herself tapping her forehead. \"Oh, God. I'm sorry, Norman. That was insensitive of me.\" \"It's all right,\" he said gently. \"You don't have to watch what you say. I'm fairly thick skinned.\" He looked down at his bandages. \"I liked Mary. Yes, she was a little different, but that's why we became friends. I didn't know she was Lila Crane's daughter. I didn't know about their plans or I would have done something to stop Mary from going insane.\" \"Pretty ironic, considering that's what they were trying to do to you.\" \"I know. It's very sad, really. I started it, all those years ago. I toppled the first domino, and now they're all dead. It's unfortunate, but maybe people will leave me alone now. Life can get back to normal. I'll miss Mary, but the best thing I can do to honor her memory is to live well.\" \"And stay out of trouble,\" Myrna joked. \"Ugh, sorry... me and my big mouth again.\" \"It's fine, Myrna, really. It's fine.\" Norman looked towards the kitchen, darted his eyes around and bit his lower lip. \"Where's Mrs. Spool?\" \"You know what? We don't know. She didn't turn up for work yesterday and no sign of her today either. You'd think she would have called if she was sick.\" \"That's not like her,\" Norman mused. \"Has anyone tried calling her house?\" \"This morning, but there was no answer. We're gonna give it another day and then ask Sheriff Hunt to look into it.\" \"Put out an APB,\" Norman suggested. \"Something like that.\" \"It's a shame she's not here. I wanted to say hello. I liked Mrs. Spool- she was a kind lady.\" \"Was?\" Norman's head jerked up. \"Is,\" he corrected, hastily. Myrna tried to read his expression. He maintained eye contact with her, his mouth set into a straight line that tilted up slightly at one end. His bandaged fingers curled lightly around his glass of milk, fingertips damp with condensation. \"Myrna!\" Statler's booming voice cut through Myrna's thoughts. \"I don't pay you to stand around, girl! Norman's been through enough interrogation without you poking your nose in where it doesn't belong!\" Myrna snapped back to attention. \"Heil Hitler,\" she muttered, catching her order pad before it fell again. \"You were the same with me,\" Norman said with renewed humor. \"' Excuse me, do you still work here? ' But I see you have a new whipping boy now.\" He jerked his thumb towards the flustered young man running hither and thither in the kitchen. Myrna grimaced. \"Was I that bad?\" \"No, Myrna. You're a pussycat. Your claws are sharp but they don't hurt. And don't worry that you're bothering me, because you're not. If I didn't want company then I wouldn't be here, would I?\" His smile was both compelling and unsettling, causing a strange feeling in the pit of Myrna's stomach. Norman was a nice guy, in small doses. Any longer and she felt like a fly wading through treacle, as though insanity was catching, even from a man who had been cured. Suddenly she was grateful for Statler's intervention. She pocketed her order pad and returned to her work, Norman's slip of the tongue already forgotten. \"Don't go away, Norman. I'll be back with your order as quick as I can.\" \"Oh, I'm not going anywhere,\" Norman said softly, sipping his milk as she hurried away. -oOo- Norman closed the front door behind him and hung his jacket on the peg. He looked at himself in the mirror, patted his full stomach with a satisfied smile. Myrna was right, the chicken fried steak had indeed been delicious. He had eaten it slowly, savoring every bite between mouthfuls of milk as he watched the staff go about their business. It was strange without Mary and Mrs. Spool, it felt almost like a different diner now. But that wasn't surprising. After all, he was a very different person to the one who came home from the hospital just a few short weeks ago. So much had happened since then. Even the house felt different. Norman climbed the stairs and opened the door to mother's bedroom. The air was cool and the room dark, curtains chinked against the sun. Over in the corner, a small figure sat huddled in a rocking chair, facing the window. Everything in the room was either old or antique. Not for the first time, Norman thought it looked like something out of Dickens. \"I'm back,\" he said, standing just inside the doorway. \"It's about time,\" she grumbled. \"I don't suppose you brought anything for me?\" He squared his shoulders. \"You asked me not to.\" \"That's right,\" she rasped. \"I don't eat food served by whores.\" Norman rolled his eyes. \"Mother, you can't keep calling women 'whores'. It's the nineteen eighties- there's this thing called feminism now. You can get in trouble.\" \"Whores!\" she spat defiantly. \"Whores, whores, whores!\" \"Fine. Have it your way.\" \"I suppose you talked to the whores, too.\" \"I spoke to my former colleague who happens to be a girl, yes. I can't go around ignoring fifty percent of the population, Mother. I'll take care of you, but I don't intend to live like a hermit anymore. We've got a business to run. I'm even thinking of putting a 'Help Wanted' sign in the office window. We have to bring the motel into the modern age.\" \"Just so long as you don't employ a whore.\" Norman laughed. \"I'll try.\" She lapsed into a sulky silence. Norman sauntered across the room and stood in front of her. \"Someone's gone missing from the diner,\" he whispered. \"And what's that got to do with me?\" Norman looked down into the empty eyesockets of Emma Spool. \"Nothing, Mother. I just thought I'd mention it.\" \"Probably run off with some man, never to be seen again. Steer clear of whores, Norman, or I'll have to take matters into my own hands.\" Norman sighed and tuned her out, peeking through the curtains at the motel below. His motel. His pride and joy. He couldn't wait to get it up and running with new customers and modernized equipment. First thing tomorrow he was going to order an ice machine. Then he was going to call the phone company and have them come and install a kiosk. One by one he would get those cabins occupied until the 'No' in 'No Vacancy' was switched on for the very first time. Happy customers would spread the word, Bates Motel would go back on the map and Norman would finally have a life he could be proud of. The chicken fried steak settled in his stomach and a warm, lazy glow began to suffuse his body. He hadn't felt this good in a long time- despite the loss of his friend Mary, he had a feeling that things were going to be all right. He looked forward to his next visit to the diner and a tall, cold glass of milk put straight into his hand by a smiling Myrna. \"Never trust a whore,\" his mother muttered grumpily. \"Yes, mother,\" he murmured, his brown eyes twinkling. ","Summary":" A/N: Lynette and the kitchen boy are my own OCs. Everyone else appeared in both Psycho II and III. "},{"Movie":"Psycho","Title":"Loony","Author":"Teobi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11950956","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Another story based on Psycho II. I'm a bit of a Norman/Mary shipper, not so much in a romantic sense but they have such an odd, sweet friendship, they needed each other in many ways even though they were such different personalities. I have a kind of alternate universe in my head where everything works out for them instead of the way things really happened. But that's what fanfiction is for... and I always like to work with canon rather than disregard it altogether. This fic is for ChocolateChipCookie28 and any other Norman/Mary shipper and fan of Psycho II, a film that I've become very fond of. Loony Norman stood in front of the living room mirror. The man in the glass stared back, a familiar figure grown strange. The soft youthfulness of his face was gone, replaced by a gaunt visage that reflected the horror of two decades in the asylum. Dark shadows pooled under prominent cheekbones, thinned lips seemed permanently pressed together in an odd half smile/half smirk. Once lustrous hair hung lank over his forehead, and although his brown eyes still glittered sharply, there was a dullness in them, as if his own mind had seen too much and didn't trust him any more. He ran a hand over his face and down his long, sinewy neck. He tucked his fingers into his shirt and stroked his blade-like collar bones. He thought he looked less like a human being and more like a skeleton risen from the grave. Another Bates skeleton for the collection. Warren Toomey's words broke into his thoughts, wiping the smirk from his face. Words yelled at his back as he ran up the steps in the rain. \"At least my guests have a good time! What do yours get? Dead, that's what! Murdered by you , ya loony!\" The word 'loony' made him shudder with self-loathing. For some reason it bothered him more than the accusations of murder. The doctors and nurses never used it, the mental patients occasionally hurled it at each other to reinforce the hierarchy of insanity that existed in that place. But he'd heard it an awful lot since, from mouths that had no right to say it. From people who had never experienced a day in an institution, never mind twenty two years. What fools they were, to think they knew anything about lunacy. To them, it was just another insult. He watched his reflection with a kind of dissociation, eyebrows coming down like a dark curtain over those piercing eyes. Who was Toomey to call anyone a loony? Toomey was an unkempt slob with a filthy mouth. Was that what you had to be to get by these days? A rude, disgusting oaf? Talking to women as though they were nothing? Things had certainly changed in the years he'd been away. His reflection chuckled dryly. What do you know about getting by? Norman had never fit in. Even when he was younger, he had always been a square peg trying to squeeze into round holes. But she had always been there to guide him, and now she was gone. It was up to him now, and nobody else, to protect his new found sanity from the Warren Toomeys of this world. He heard a light creaking as someone came down the stairs. He kept watching the mirror until Mary appeared in the living room doorway. She had showered and dressed, there was an aura around her as she stood bathed in light from the hall. A moment later and he smelled the fresh, clean scent of lavender soap. Immediately he felt less angry, less bothered about Toomey. He had only known Mary a short while, but already she was a calming presence in his life. Her smooth, young face quelled his ire, reminded him that good people existed, people he could trust when he couldn't trust himself. She looked at him. He looked at her. Not directly, face to face, but in the mirror. She knew he'd been locked up. She'd seen him freak out at the diner. He wondered if she thought he was a loony too. Perhaps the word 'loony' was written on his face and everyone could see it but him. \"Is everything okay, Norman?\" she asked. He watched the changing of his features as a smile wound its way through his lips, a rattlesnake sliding through grass. \"Sure, Mary.\" His shoulders twitched as a short laugh escaped his throat. \"Why do you ask?\" Mary shrugged one shoulder. \"You looked miles away. I almost didn't want to disturb you.\" The light played over her jet black hair as she moved into the room, edging warily towards the sofa. He wanted to say that you can't disturb someone who's already disturbed, but he didn't think she would find it as amusing as he did. Gallows humor. It didn't always work outside the institution. \"I was just thinking.\" He hoped his smile would reassure her, though to him it looked a little creepy. \"Or should I say, trying not to think. I have a lot of... clutter... to sort through.\" Mary perched on the arm of the sofa. \"Clutter?\" He tapped his temple with a forefinger. Winked knowingly at her. \"Oh. Of course.\" She fidgeted, not sure what to say next. \"Don't worry,\" he said. \"I'm dealing with it.\" Mary laughed, a small, embarrassed sound. \"I didn't mean to imply that you weren't.\" \"My biggest problem right now is Toomey, but I can fix that.\" I can fix that . He wondered if it sounded worse than he meant. \"Ugh,\" she snorted. \"That creep. I still can't believe the way he spoke to me. I mean I'm no prude,\" she picked at the blanket strewn over the back of the sofa, \"but the way he ran your motel like a cheap whorehouse... \" Norman stiffened at the word 'whorehouse', fighting to ignore the images it conjured in his mind. \" I said- \" he saw her flinch, caught himself and lowered his voice, \"I can fix it.\" \"I'm sorry,\" she apologized. \"It's none of my business.\" Norman's pulse slowed back to normal as the writhing images receded. \"It's okay. It was none of my business either, until recently. Until I came home .\" Mary glanced at him. \"Do you want to talk about anything, Norman?\" He shook his head, still with that inane smile on his face. \"No.\" Mary chewed her lip, looked down at the floor. The silence stretched out until she spoke again, injecting some brightness into her voice. \"I heard you playing the piano. You're good. Did you learn in... I mean, where you were..?\" \"The hospital?\" he finished for her. \"No. I learned when I was a boy. Right there on that very piano. My ... mother taught me.\" Mary looked at the old upright piano standing at the end of the room. \"Well, she was a good teacher- you play beautifully. I'm glad you remember how.\" \"I'm a little rusty, but thank you.\" Norman flashed a real smile and was surprised at how young it made him look. Her compliment felt good, pushed Toomey's accusations out of his mind. He found himself desperate for the mood to remain light- it was such a welcome contrast to the darkness that threatened to overwhelm him. Besides, Mary was a guest in his house and he wanted, needed, her to feel comfortable in his presence. Without the doctors and the nurses, without the laughter and the tears, the cacophony of voices and the soothing/jarring presence of Mother, this was the first time in his life that he'd ever been truly alone. He wasn't too sure if aching loneliness was any better than raving insanity. He pressed on, hoping he sounded bright and relaxed. \"How about you, Mary? Do you play any instruments?\" She laughed loudly. \"Me? No way. I'd break anything before I learned how to play it!\" \"Well, I could teach you to play the piano, if you'd like.\" Well! Where did that come from? he wondered. She lowered her eyes and gave him a bashful grin. \"You'd have a job on your hands.\" \"I'm up to the challenge,\" he said flirtatiously. Mary's mouth fell open and Norman blushed. It was way too early in their friendship for that kind of talk, and what was he doing flirting anyway? It only ever led to trouble. Snippets of a long ago conversation flashed into his mind- a blonde girl sitting in the parlor, though the details were hazy due to all the years of medication. He was pretty sure he had tried flirting with her and it had ended badly. He had always been an awkward child in a grown man's body, and even though he was twice her age, he felt younger than the streetwise Mary in many ways. He didn't want to make himself look foolish, a middle aged man making passes like a teenager. What he really wanted was to cut through all the crap and ask her straight out what she thought of him before he drove himself crazy with guessing. Did he look like a loony, with his bony shoulders, sunken cheeks and suspicious stare? Did his sinister countenance scare her? Was it obvious he'd been locked away in a psychiatric hospital for most of his adult life? Because he couldn't tell anymore. The man who looked out of the glass was a stranger, a thin, cynical man with a face he'd seen all his life but no longer recognized. To his surprise, Mary was regarding him warmly with arms folded and eyes gleaming. \"You sound very confident,\" she said with an inviting smile. \"I'd like to think there's one thing I'm good at.\" The words were out before he could stop them and despite his misgivings, he marveled at how easy it was to parry with her. \"Really?\" He nodded, amused by her tone. She clearly wasn't intimidated by this new turn in the conversation, nor was she afraid of his clumsy attempts at flirting. In fact, it seemed like she was used to the territory. He was no expert on women, but he knew they didn't flirt with you if you repulsed them. \"Well then, I just might take you up on your offer.\" He took a chance then, buoyed by her willingness to participate. \"That is, if you don't mind being taught by a loony .\" He wished he were closer to the piano- he would have struck a few discordant notes for the full effect. Mary jumped off the the sofa and came over to sock him gently on the arm. \"You're not a loony, Norman. After the way you handled Toomey, you're my hero.\" Norman blinked. He had been called many things, but never someone's hero. He didn't care that all he'd really done was shout at a man and give him a hard stare. His reputation preceded him; Toomey had been deflated and he had even sent legitimate customers running in case he went berserk with the cake knife. They probably thought he was a loony, but he couldn't help that. He'd make sure to apologize to them if they ever came back again. I'm not a killer anymore, I promise. That guy was being a monumental jerk and I just lost my temper, that's all. But Mary was looking up at him with a shy, almost reverent smile, and he felt himself puffing up, just a little bit. \"I don't know about that,\" he said modestly. \"I did what I could- I still don't think it was enough. Maybe I should have thrown him through the front window, like I wanted to.\" \"Ooh,\" she shivered. \"Tough talk. I like it.\" He grinned awkwardly. \"I wouldn't have wrecked the joint like that. Mr. Statler and Mrs. Spool have been very good to me.\" She nudged him playfully. \"Even if it takes...\" \"' A nut to work there ',\" Mary and Norman finished their catchphrase in unison. When they'd stopped laughing, they stood together at the mirror, gazing at their reflections. \"Isn't it funny how different we look to each other?\" Mary said. \"But so familiar to ourselves.\" \"I don't look familiar at all,\" he said quietly. \"I've changed so much, it scares me.\" Mary rested her head on his shoulder. \"You've had a tough life, Norman. No one gets out without scars. Besides, you're not bad, for an old guy. I bet you had all the nurses swarming round you.\" He smiled again. This was the third compliment she'd paid him and he felt better already. Surely if a beautiful girl like Mary wasn't afraid of him then maybe it was time to have more faith in himself. Maybe he didn't look like a loony. People often said things just to be hurtful. Toomey was pissed off about being fired and knew which buttons to press. That's all it was. There was no neon sign saying 'loony' above Norman's head. Not the way Toomey meant it. Toomey was the type of guy who was rude to everybody. He sighed softly. Mother would have known what to do, Mother always stood up for herself. He was the one who always held back, afraid of confrontation. But the fear never went away, it just turned into rage and frustration; and sooner or later it came out in other ways. Dangerous ways that he couldn't control. He just hoped those days were gone forever. \"Well, I have things to do, Norman. I'll see you later for that piano lesson.\" Oblivious to his internal conflict, Mary patted him fondly on the back before scurrying out of the room, leaving him to continue gazing at the mirror. A moment later she returned, peeking round the door with a mischievous grin. \"Stop staring at yourself,\" she giggled. \"You'll go cross eyed.\" Norman went cross eyed and pulled a face at her. She shrieked with laughter and disappeared. He listened to her running up the stairs, her footsteps getting fainter as she reached the landing. He looked up at the ceiling, wondering what things she needed to do. He liked having her in the house; her youthful sparkle brought energy to the empty rooms and dusty halls. She made the place feel alive- something it hadn't been in a very long time. And she liked him- he didn't have to be an expert to know that. She liked him, and he was grateful for it. Toomey, he decided, was no judge of character- and 'loony' was a word used by imbeciles. If Mary liked him then that was enough; he didn't need to worry about anyone else. Mary was one of the good people. Mary would help keep him sane. Mary knew he wasn't a loony. ","Summary":" Another story based on Psycho II. I'm a bit of a Norman/Mary shipper, not so much in a romantic sen"},{"Movie":"Psycho","Title":"Making Plans","Author":"ChocolateChipCookie30","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11868831","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Lila Loomis was beyond furious. She just couldn't believe it. Life was so unfair! How could the courts let a criminal like Norman Bates go? He was a wild man that killed her sister in cold blood, not to mention he tried to kill her, and he killed plenty of other people! The man was simply not fit to live in society. Lila knew that Bates would kill again, when, she didn't know, but she was one hundred percent sure that it would happen. Being locked up for twenty-two years just wasn't good enough! Lila wouldn't be able to rest until she knew that he was locked back up where he belonged. She had over 743 signaturs on a petition to stop Bates' release, but nobody cared. Once Lila left the courtroom, she called her daughter, Mary, on the payphone, telling her about Norman's release. Mary had to work later at the diner, but she promised she would come and talk to Lila at her hotel before she had to go in. When Mary arrived, she found Lila sitting in a chair by the window, smoking a cigarette. \"Hi, Mother.\" \"It's about time.\" \"I hurried as fast as I could. I got into an argument with Scott.\" Lila rolled her eyes. \"The boy's no good.\" \"Mother! Anyway, so they let Norman Bates go?\" Lila took a puff off of her cigarette and blew a smoke ring into the air. \"Yes. Damn it! We had a petition! They're actually showing that maniac sympathy! Can you believe it? What about his victims? Don't they deserve any sympathy?\" Mary nodded her head. She understood her mother's frustration, but she grew up hearing nothing but \"Norman Bates this... Norman Bates that.\" It was so tiring! Lila wasn't the most affectionate mother in the world, but Mary still loved her. \"I'm sorry, Mother.\" \"Mary, I need you to do something.\" \"Okay,\" Mary said, taking a seat across from her mother. \"No one in town knows you're my daughter. We've just moved back a week ago, and you're living with your boyfriend, Scott, and working at the diner. Bates is set to work there as the cook's helper. I want you to gain his trust. Make up a story. Whatever it takes. I want you to spend the night in his motel.\" Mary's eyes widened. Was her mother crazy? She wanted her to stay in the same motel where her aunt was killed twenty-two years earlier? No way! \"Mother, you say the man is a lunatic, yet you want me to stay at his motel?\" \"You won't be in any danger, Mary. I'll be out there every so often. All I want you to do is assist me. Make phone calls to him and say you're his mother. Dress up in his mother's clothes. Do whatever you have to do. He will go insane, and will be locked back up again. Look, I'll even let you have my gun.\" Lila reached into her purse and pulled out a gun, handing it to Mary. \"It's loaded. I will have the police there before anything happens.\" \"Mother, I... I don't know-\" \"Mary, please. He killed your aunt, and six other people, and tried to kill me. Your father went to an early grave because of that man.\" Mary didn't have the heart to tell Lila that the reason Sam Loomis died young was because of Lila putting stress on him. Because of Lila, Sam drank, smoke, and even cheated! Mary knew all of this, but couldn't bring herself to tell her mother this. Finally, Mary sighed, and nodded her head. \"Fine, Mother. I'll do it.\" \"Good. Do whatever you have to do to gain his trust, Mary.\" \"I will.\" After saying goodbye to Lila, Mary headed to work. She wasn't lying about her boyfriend, Scott. They were having problems, and he did dump her for somebody else. It did give Mary the excuse, though, to stay with Norman. To say Mary was freaked out by him was an understatement. Sure, he had seemed nice enough, but Mary knew what he did, and it really scared her. Once Norman had been locked in the attic, Mary knew that Norman was no longer a killer. He had been nothing but a gentleman the entire time he knew her, and Mary wanted so much to protect him and set things right. She knew that Norman was sorry for what happened in the past, and that he used to have blackouts, not knowing what he did. Mary had read up about people with disorders like that, and it was sad! She didn't blame Sheriff Hunt for being angry with her. If only this whole story could have a happy ending. THE END ","Summary":" Lila Loomis was beyond furious. She just couldn't believe it. Life was so unfair! How could the cou"},{"Movie":"Psycho","Title":"A Million Miles Away","Author":"Fires of Fury","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12974124","Passage":"[Chapter 1] For the past two weeks, he felt lonelier than ever. He had gone through a shaky divorce, had to pay thousands worth of alimony, and now, he had moved into this miserable town. For Sam Loomis, life could not have been any worse than it was right now. Everything seemed as if it was in black and white. Running a hand through his impeccable hair, he moved up the aisle, pondering on which brand of butter was best. The shop, like the rest of Fairvale, was solitary and minuscule. It was very dull, and not one customer appeared to frequent the limited amount of products inside. If the shop was this deserted, did this mean it would be the same for his hardware store? Inheriting his father's shop could have been a stroke of luck, but, unfortunately, it happened in the midst of a horrible divorce between Sam and his wife of four years. Now he had to divide what little money he had into paying her alimony, and paying the bills for the shop, and the back room that he now lived in. It was quite a step down from his old house that faced the lovely delphinium blue shoreline. As Sam let his thoughts run away with themselves, a young man stepped into the shop. Upon hearing the door shut- although fairly lightly- he jumped, remembering that he wasn't the only person within a twenty mile vicinity. He looked at this new customer with interest. He was in his early twenties, or at least late teens, and was quite tall, but had to be a good two inches or so shorter than Sam himself. He had hair the colour of dark chocolate, and eyes to match. Although he was very pleasant looking (at least to Sam), he held himself in a rather anxious, perturbed manner. He certainly did not seem alright. Feeling slightly nervous himself (although he had absolutely no idea why), Sam grabbed a stick of butter off of the shelf, rushing to get forward to the counter, which seemed as if it was a million miles away. However, the other man, who was clearly wrapped up in his own mind, also headed in that very same direction. And then, as Sam plundered towards the front of the shop, he slammed into the other man, crumpling him to the ground. Sam came to his senses. \"Are you alright?\" He asked, extending a hand for the man (or was he a boy, now that he was closer up). \"Yes, I-I'm fine,\" he replied, shakily gripping hold of Sam. And what a strong grip it was. \"I'm very sorry about that. It's just... I was... In a hurry, and I didn't watch where I was going.\" Sam hoisted the man to his feet, noting that he was very slim, and seemed very delicate, even more so than that of his previous wife. Looking deeply into his eyes, the ethereal stranger spoke once again, in his rather quiet, nervous voice: \"No, no, it's fine. I was in a world of my own as well.\" Sam still had a strange feeling fluttering inside him. He had never quite felt it before, not even with his wife, with whom he believed he had loved for five years. It was pleasant, and Sam wanted it to stay. Then he realised that he was still grasping on to this man's hand. Hastily, he let go, trying to forget this intensely embarrassing situation. \"Again, I'm sorry,\" he muttered, eyes fixating themselves on the floor. \"I've just moved here after a divorce and now look at me.\" \"I didn't think I'd seen you here before.\" Sam looked up, taking in the interested (if slightly timid) face of the man in front of him. \"No, I've just moved here. I'm Sam Loomis, by the way,\" he replied, once again extending a hand, this time to shake. The man took it gladly. \"Norman. Norman Bates. I-I don't really come here often, only to run errands for my mother. I'm at the age where she thinks I can go out into town alone now,\" he said, almost jokingly. Did he really mean that? He must have looked much older than he was, then. \"And, if you don't mind me asking, how old are you Norman?\" Sam inquired. \"I'll be twenty in August.\" So he was as old as he looked. His mother must have been very worried for him. Perhaps he was ill? It certainly didn't stop him from being handsome; he sparked feelings in Sam that he never knew were there. \"So what are you buying today Norman?\" Sam asked, at an attempt to make conversation. Probably not the best way to start, he thought glumly to himself. \"Uh, just some, bread, milk, the everyday stuff,\" Norman answered, running a hand through his thick, glossy hair. \"What are you doing here?\" Sam looked down at his hand, where he thought the butter was. It was gone. Looking rapidly around him, Sam tried to locate the one item he needed, only to spot it on the floor. Melting. Norman followed Sam's glance, instantly locking his eyes on the ruined product on the floor. \"I'll pay for a new one if you want,\" he offered. Another of his virtues, Sam thought. He's good looking and kind. Sam replied pleasantly, \"That's very kind of you, but I'll be fine.\" Norman gave him a half smile, which appeared to Sam as quite curious as well, almost as if he was a mystery trying to be figured out. \"Well, I'll see you around then. Have a nice day then, Mr Loomis.\" Norman started to walk away, without having bought anything; Sam thought this rather strange, considering that his mother had sent him. He wondered if she would scold him, or hit him. She seemed to be quite domineering. Or did she just worry for her son? She probably loved him very much. Sam called back to Norman, not feeling ready to forget about him as soon as he left the shop. \"Please, call me Sam! And I you should drop down to my hardware store sometime- it's going to open soon.\" Norman turned around, and, with a wistful smile, nodded gently. Then, he swiftly left the shop, wrapping his coat around him to endure the dreary rains and winds outside. He ran off away into the distance; Sam kept his gaze fixated on him until he became a mere dot in the distance. He would never forget this handsome stranger, for as long as he lived. He had aroused feelings that Sam never knew were possible, especially for that of a man. Just then, he could hear a sharp voice cutting through his lovely thoughts, hacking through them like one of those dangerous kitchen knives. \"Hey, are you going to pay for that butter?\" ","Summary":" For the past two weeks, he felt lonelier than ever. He had gone through a shaky divorce, had to pay"},{"Movie":"Psycho","Title":"Mother Says","Author":"Anybodys","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10737858","Passage":"[Chapter 1] His house grew muskier and muskier with each passing hour that turned into sluggish days that never seemed to end. The linens had all been changed, the mantle dusted, and everything else he can think of, from the dishes to adjusting the picture frames strung on the walls, by noon. He'd take a solitary walk around the grounds, glance at the highway with a watchful eye, clench his fingers together and ignore the pounding in his head. Sometimes he'd scour through his bookshelf, palms sweaty as he pulled a book without a name away from the rest. She'd screech at him when he did, but half the time he'd be almost done and suffered his chastisement as he cleaned the bedroom up again, just as he always did, just as he always would. Who's that, Norman? she would ask on that rare occasion that the gravel crunched. The noise was awfully unfamiliar. \"No one, Mother.\" Don't lie to me, boy. \"I don't know who's there, Mother.\" Don't go talking to her. She's a dirty whore. \"It might not even be a her,\" he would say back, but she always grumbled, and she was always right. Dirty whores, the lot of them, she mumbled to him as blood ran down the drain. \"You didn't have to do that, Mother.\" What you say to me, boy? \"You killed her-\" I didn't kill her! Stop making up stories, you nasty boy! The longer he waited, the harder it would be to scrub the maroon color off his skin, caked on like the thick foundation she used to wear and stuck between the cracks of his hands. It was almost routine anymore. He often thought to himself it was the most color he'd seen in a while, and he giggled and tried to shut out his mother when she began pestering him about it. You don't like your upbringing? Why are you such an ungrateful little brat? He popped another handful of candy corn in his mouth and started for Room 4. \"I had a happy childhood.\" That's not what you're thinking. What could she possibly know, he used to tell himself, but if the thought crossed his mind, he'd have to run again. She always caught up with him. Stop looking at those dirty pictures. He couldn't hear anything other than his own uneven breathing. Norman! He collapsed across the bedspread, book clattering over the edge, one arm lying lopsidedly over his mouth as he tried to calm himself. You dirty little boy, sinners like you go to Hell! Again he cleaned it up, and again he sat in the kitchen juggling a knife between his hands before sticking it into those sandwiches that never seemed to get old, and left through the connected door. The nippy air relaxed him as it ruffled his dark hair, eyes glimmering with the faint light of the moon. He could hear her screaming at him, but she was miles away, and could only hurt him if he went back. Mother didn't like music, although there was a record player that lied around, collecting as much dust as her bed and the rest of that somber house. She'd let him play piano when she didn't have a migrane, and she'd become silent, only interjecting when she didn't like the way he was playing. He would adjust, she would become quiet again, and the two of them didn't say a word until it got too dim for him to see the music and his eyes strained to go on. Quit doing that, she told him every time he continued playing. The music would cease for her. Sometimes she griped about it, but only rarely, when the moon was full and she was getting restless. When that happened, he often traveled out to the store, and maybe wave to a few passerbys on the street. A few of them knew his name. Mother never liked him talking to them. What was that, Norman? Her dress fluttered to the floor, and he sprinted down the stairs, bouncing with every step. Another girl was there. Mother roared at him, becoming louder and louder the more he disobeyed, the more he insisted that he could handle one pretty lady. She always had to ensure her son's soul was saved by taking another's. \"Don't you want to know her name?\" I don't want to know any slut's name. \"She wrote Mary, but she said Marion...\" Of course Mother didn't care. Her word was forever true, but Norman continued trying anyway. ","Summary":" His house grew muskier and muskier with each passing hour that turned into sluggish days that never"},{"Movie":"Psycho","Title":"The Ultimate Shock!","Author":"Sanchari Das","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11631483","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Ultimate Shock! I observed him carefully as he walked to the door. I knew that time was running out but suppressed the urge to check my watch. I took a deep breath and start counting in reverse under my breath. \"Ten, nine, eight, seven…\" In anticipation, I tightened my grip on the handle. It felt cold against my warm palm. \"Six, five, four…\" The door opened. My heart was thumping wildly now. \"Three, two, one!\" Everything that happened next was almost in slow motion, frame by frame. I knew that I would never be able to forget it. Every detail will remain firmly etched in my brain for life. The City Hospital had sent her post-mortemed body home at the scheduled time. He opened the door, saw the dead body and moved aside to make room for them to enter, but still did not react and simply stood there. I let go of the handle and stood up from my chair. It almost killed me to see his expressionless calm face. My heart had stopped thumping by then for my greatest fear for the moment didn't turn true. I wanted him to react and react violently but nothing of that sort happened. He just let his sister's body come in, looked back and smiled at me, as if nothing had happened. My heart broke into several pieces seeing his pathetic condition. My mother-in-law rushed to the hall with red eyes crying her heart out while my father-in-law tried to hold back his tears and console her. But my husband needed no consolation at all. He didn't show any interest to see what all the sorrow was about, neither was he interested in having a last look at his beloved sister's face. Rather, he looked a little too busy playing Candy Crush on his mobile sitting on the sofa. Wondering what I should do next, I went over and sat beside him. \"Rudra, your sister is…,\" I tried to speak. \"My sister is getting more and more mischievous day by day and it's all because of your excess love. I need to get her married as soon as possible,\" he replied, in a mock-anger tone. \"But, Rudra…,\" I tried again. \"No buts, Roshni. All these years you have kept telling me that she is too young to get married, and she should first concentrate on her studies and career. But, I would no more bear with this. When she had chosen her life partner, her career is also set now and we all have approved it, then why delay it more?\" he asked and looked at me with his innocent eyes. Those eyes were enough to bring me close to tears. \"Roshni beta, let me try once,\" dad said, coming to my rescue. I nodded and moved aside to let him sit beside Rudra. \"Rudra beta, do you remember how you and Ragini used fight over who would taste your mom's kheer first?\" he asked. \"Yah, she used to win always, for she's the youngest and mom's favorite one,\" he replied again in a mock-anger. \"And how your quarrels during Rakhi were easily solved with the sweet touch of Cadbury Celebrations?\" \"We both loved those moments dad,\" he replied smiling. \"Not only do you two loved those moments but also loved each other a lot. Isn't it?\" \"Yes, dad. A lot.\" \"Then on this fateful day, why don't you cry your heart out, my son? Why are you trying to hide your feelings and smile like this?\" he burst out. \"What's there to cry about dad? Every girl has to go to her in-laws' one day and Rajat's house isn't far from here. She can always come here whenever she wishes,\" he replied casually. Dad stood up from the sofa looking helplessly at me while Rudra looked up at me confusedly. Their looks were more than enough for me to bear and I ran to my room, somehow suppressing the urge to cry my heart out then and there. I couldn't stand it anymore. His complete indifference towards his sister's death was just killing me. Rudra couldn't handle the shock of seeing his sister commit suicide by jumping off the terrace and hence his brain had created a place for him where is beloved mischievous sister was still alive and where the dreadful incident has never taken place. What he was suffering from is known as 'acute stress reaction' and avoidance of any stimulation that reminds them of the event is one of its symptoms and that's what exactly happened to him. And what troubled me more was, being a Psychiatrist myself I am unable to bring him back to reality. \"It's time for the funeral, Roshni,\" dad spoke from behind. \"But Rudra…,\" I burst out crying. He came and sat beside me. \"He would be fine, Roshni. Give him some time. Have patience. Stay firm. If you being a doctor lose hope and cry like this what would become of us dear?\" he tried to console me. I looked up at dad. The pain of his daughter's sudden death was clear in his eyes. Still he tried hard to hide it and console me at a time when I should have done the same to him. \"Dad…\" I murmured and hugged him tight and cried again. Ragini was my favorite too and couldn't bear the fact that she is really no more. Dad hugged me back and I could fell his body shake against mines' as he finally gave way to his sorrows. A few drops of tears touched my neck. We stayed in that position for a long time until our heart regained its strength. Back at the hall, Rudra was still playing on his mobile, still unaware of all the commotions behind and of his mothers' futile efforts to make him cry. \"Sima, let's go. Otherwise it will be too late for the funeral,\" dad said. \"But, but… my boy… my boy…\" was all she could say. \"Ah! Roshni will look after him, Sima. Let's go,\" Dad replied and looked at me. I blinked and nodded. They went away with the body. Soon, my parents arrived and this time I opened the door. \"Oh, Wow! What a pleasant surprise!\" Rudra exclaimed and jumped off the sofa quickly to touch their feet. Ma looked first at him and then at me in surprise. I pressed my eyes. Papa understood and took Rudra aside while I explained everything to ma. She gave her usual I-told-you-so-this-boy-is-a-complete-psycho-look and I rolled my eyes. But she controlled herself later as she understood we needed support. Two days later, Ragini's last rites were being performed. Rudra still was without any reaction and had his earphones tucked deep into his ears, completely unaware of the ceremony. Mom even tried to attract his attention towards the garland around his sister's photo, still nothing happened. He looked up, responded with a smile and went on to choose the next song to hear. Six weeks had passed since, still no trace of normalcy in his behavior was observed. It generally lasts for a maximum of four weeks but his case was really different. No sort of counseling has worked out. I had even discussed the matter with my Psychiatrist colleagues but everyone took the view that we needed to give him some more time to recover by his own. \"Six weeks passed and still Ragini couldn't even manage to get one day off her work to visit her family just once?\" Rudra said, one morning at the breakfast table. \"May be she is too busy with her work,\" I replied quickly, while applying jam on the breads, trying to do away with the conversation. Mom still was not able to get over it and cried every single time her name is mentioned. \"Too busy to call her brother even once?\" Rudra scoffed. He was in a mood to drag the topic on. \"Forget it na, Rudra. She will surely pay a visit when she gets time,\" I tried to stop him getting further. \"Your love had spoiled my sister,\" he replied and taking out his phone said, \"Let me call her and give her a good thrashing,\" and dialed her number. From the corner of my eyes I could see Mom was almost in tears and Dad throwing baffled glances. \"What! Switched off! Now why on earth is it switched off?\" Rudra shouted. Mom could bear no more and pulling her pallu close to her mouth to avoid outburst ran to her room. \"See, she made my mom cry too,\" Rudra commented as I ran behind her. I saw her lying with her face down on her bed and crying. I went in slowly and touched her shoulder softly. She looked up at me and then taking my hand into hers resumed her crying. When she was done, she sat up straight and said, \"Save my Rudra, Roshni. I know you can. I couldn't save my daughter; neither could he save his sister. But I know you can save my son, Roshni. Please save my son,\" and again burst crying. \"I really have to do something now,\" I thought as I entered my room. Mom's pleadings to save her son were still ringing in my ears. I sat on my bed and closed my eyes to calm me down. Then, I devised a plan. Next morning, after Rudra had left for his office as usual, I called my colleague and friend Sohini and two of his friends—Shyam and Kushal—to help me execute my plan. Once they arrived I explained them all about Rudra's present condition and told them my 'risky' plan to bring him back to reality. They were shocked and a bit afraid at first, but later agreed. They then went off to make all the arrangements for the plan while I waited patiently for the dark night to arrive for its execution. As planned, Sohini, Shyam and Kushal arrived at 11pm, right after dinner and waited quietly at the basement. As per his usual habit, Rudra went off to sleep at nearly midnight. I tip-toed out of the room and went into the basement. There we discussed our plan in detail once more and together made all the preparations. By the time we were done, it was almost two at night. Shyam and Kushal went to the ground; Sohini went to Ragini's room and I to mines' as pre-planned. Near about three, Sohini came out of the room wearing Ragini's attire and then deliberately dropped a glass near our room, just as it happened on that fateful day. Rudra woke up with a start at the noise just as I had expected and looked at me. I pretended to rise from a deep slumber astonished at the noise. \"What was that?\" he asked. \"Let's go and check,\" I replied. We then rushed towards our door and opened it to find the broken pieces of glass and saw Sohini dressed as Ragini proceeding towards the main gate with a knife in her hand, like Ragini had done before. \"Who is it?\" Rudra whispered to me. \"Ragini,\" I replied, praying he believes me. He did and said, \"Where is she heading to and what is she doing with a knife?\" \"Shhh… Let's just follow her. Come,\" I replied. Sohini opened the gate and headed towards the terrace and we followed her. \"Why terrace in the middle of the night?\" Rudra whispered unable to control himself. I put my finger on my mouth signaling him to be quite now. We went behind her up to the terrace. On the day when this incident really occurred, Ragini had already jumped off just as we have crossed the threshold of the terrace giving us no time to run and save her. But I asked Sohini to make it a slow process today so that he gets a bit more time to recall the incident. As Sohini moved slowly towards the edge Rudra gave a loud cry, \"Ragini, DON'T!\" But she didn't stop- instead she waved the knife at us and kept on moving pointing the knife at us. Rudra, who was completely shocked by this time, clasped his head tightly with his hands and started shouting, \"Ragini! Ragini! Oh-no! Ragini!\" and then turning towards me said, \"I have seen this happen before! I HAVE seen this!\" Sohini utilized this moment in replacing herself with the wax doll dressed completely in the same manner and made a jingling sound with her bangles. It was the signal for Shyam and Kushal to pull down the doll. The sound also attracted Rudra who again turned his attention towards the doll. At this point the wax doll fell down and Rudra saw his Ragini—his beloved sister— to commit suicide in front of his own eyes. I stood there motionless. My heart had started thumping wildly again and I was desperately praying for the ultimate success of the plan, praying for Rudra to react, to shout, to cry, praying that he don't go into another shock, praying everything gets all right again. Then, like the first shower of the monsoon after a long tiring summer, like the first cry of a baby just after his birth, like the first light of the dawn after a dark night, it came, it finally came. A loud cry escaped Rudra's mouth and he fell down on his knees crying and shouting, \"Ragini, Ragini, my sister…\" He cried like hell, like never before and unlike the dreadful day when this incident had really took place, just after Rajat had rejected Ragini's love and proposal for their marriage. I slowly went near and sat beside him. He tucked his head in my lap and cried hard, unaware that his parents and friends had surrounded him. He cried his heart out, continuously till the dawn broke and the birds begun chirruping all around, making the world more lively. ","Summary":" The Ultimate Shock! I observed him carefully as he walked to the door. I knew that time was running"},{"Movie":"Psycho","Title":"Mothers and Monsters","Author":"Teobi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11909784","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Mothers and Monsters Twenty two years ago, in the grip of a terrible psychosis, Norman Bates murdered Mary's Aunt Marion. Twenty two years ago, but Mary's mother Lila raged as if it were yesterday, as if the years had done nothing but sharpen her hatred. That monster ruined our lives! Other people have unhappy childhoods, but they don't go around murdering innocent women. Do they, Mary? Answer me! But Mary had no answers. She had never met Aunt Marion- she died before Mary was born. But she had met Norman Bates, in fact she was living in his house; and that's where she was right now, in the large but homely kitchen of the Bates mansion, watching him tear a sandwich to pieces without taking a single bite. Norman was now almost fifty, nervous and jumpy, his shadowy eyes darting around the room. He didn't want to be dogged by his unfortunate past. He wanted to fit into the world, to like and be liked, to have the kind of normal, boring life enjoyed by everyone else. Mary had started out fearing him because of Lila, but after he offered her a place to stay, saved her from Mr. Statler's wrath and Warren Toomey's lecherous advances, she was starting to change her mind. Besides, those twenty two years had seen some twisted things manifesting in Lila's own head, turning her thoughts into bullets of hatred all with Norman's name on them. Lila was so obsessed with punishing Norman that she was prepared to undo twenty two years of professional psychiatric treatment to push him back into dangerous insanity, and use her own daughter to do it. Didn't that make her some kind of monster, too? Lulled into a hypnotic state by Norman's repetitive sandwich shredding, Lila's accusations came screaming back louder than ever. He stabbed her so hard the knife went right down to the bone! She must have been absolutely terrified! But did he care? No, he did not! Mother, stop! It won't bring her back . Whatever he was, he isn't anymore. Let him be! No, Mary. I am not going to let him be. Norman Bates must go back to the institution and never be released again! But, mother! Dr. Raymond said- It doesn't matter what Dr. Raymond said! Dr. Raymond wasn't there when your Aunt Marion's body was dragged out of that filthy stinking swamp! Dr. Raymond didn't lose someone he loved! No, mother! Stop it! Mary realized she had spoken out loud, the argument seemed so real. Norman dropped the last remnants of his sandwich, reached across and gripped her upper arm, snapping her back to reality. \"Mary! Mary, are you all right?\" His eyes were anxious, his voice tinged with panic. She looked down at his fingers, curled like owl's talons around her bicep. He was holding on so tight that it hurt. \"Yes, Norman. I'm fine.\" Her skin grew clammy- she felt anything but fine in that moment. \"Who- who were you talking to?\" His lapse into stammering was never a good sign, either. She bit her lip, tried to ignore the pain and act like nothing was wrong. \"Nobody,\" she said, shrugging. He smiled crookedly, his fingers tightening around her arm. \"I thought I was the one who heard voices.\" It was a little unnerving when Norman made fun of his own condition. He always did it with a dry cynicism; as though he were more aware of things than he let on, as if he knew there was a buzzard circling, always keeping it in the corner of his eye. Mary fell back on her old excuse, the reason why she was living with him in the first place. \"I was just thinking about Scott. About the arguments we had and things I should have said.\" Norman's eyes narrowed. \"But you said, 'mother'.\" \"Did I?\" Her heart sank. \"Yes.\" His tone flattened. \"Your exact words were, 'No, mother. Stop it.'\" He was peering at her like one of his stuffed birds, poised to pluck the thoughts right out of her brain. Mary took a deep breath and continued, trying to keep her voice casual. How to broach the subject of mothers without triggering this man- which, ironically, was what she and Lila were trying to do anyway. Good God, when did her life become so weird and confusing? Oh, right... the day she was born. \"Mom was always coming between me and Scott. I guess I was just arguing with her in my head. You know me, Norman- I end up arguing with everyone, eventually!\" \"Not with me.\" He sounded... smug? \"Only because I don't know you well enough yet.\" She flashed him a cute smile, though her mouth had gone distinctly dry. Norman released his grip at last. He leaned back in his chair and folded his arms across his chest. \"Mothers are prone to interfering.\" Mary rubbed her arm, whether to ease the pain or get rid of his touch, she didn't know. \"Yes, they are,\" she agreed. \" Especially mine.\" He chuckled softly. \"Mine was no walk in the park, either.\" His follow-up smile was both charming and frightening at the same time, giving Mary a glimpse of the man within. Mary knew she and her mother were playing a dangerous game, trying to push Norman back into insanity. She was seized with a sudden urge to tell him everything, to unburden herself of the guilt; but Lila would kill her if she found out. \"Mom doesn't think people can change. She'd happily keep punishing someone for something they did many years ago if it meant she could prove herself right.\" It was as close as she could get to a full confession without endangering herself- she hoped. But the look on Norman's face was darkening. \"Don't our mothers just want the best for us?\" Despite the questioning tone, there was no emotion in his words; he sounded as clinical as one of his own psychotherapists. She paused to swallow nervously. \"Mine doesn't. Mine doesn't want the best for anyone but herself.\" And suddenly the truth dropped. Lila wasn't punishing Norman for Aunt Marion or anyone else. Lila was punishing Norman for Lila . Because she'd been crusading for twenty two years, and her lust for revenge had become more important than anything; even her own daughter's safety. Norman fell silent. A floorboard creaked somewhere upstairs; Mary debunked it as the sounds of an old house settling, but still it gave her the creeps. This wasn't just any old house, after all. \"And what did Scott think of all this?\" he asked, finally. \"He didn't know.\" Mary kept her gaze as steady as she could, her eyes trained on Norman's angular face. Norman went quiet again, and this time the silence was deafening. Mary could hear a clock ticking somewhere, each second falling like a leaden raindrop. \"Would you like another sandwich, Mary? Perhaps a toasted cheese?\" The complete change of subject took her by surprise. \"No, no, I'm fine, thank you.\" Norman rose from the table, a tall, slender reed unfurling in the wind. Mary followed him with her eyes, a cold shiver running down her spine. He walked out of her line of vision and she heard a cupboard door open behind her. \"Are you sure you won't have another sandwich?\" He sounded distant, but she couldn't tell what mood he was in by the sound of his voice alone. \"Yes, Norman. I'm sure.\" Mary began thinking about Aunt Marion and the thirty plus stab wounds that went down to the bone. She couldn't imagine affable Norman wielding a knife in that way. After all, he handled knives at the diner and he didn't go around stabbing people with them, even Warren Toomey. She didn't want to believe that what Lila said was true- that her awkward, gangly new friend was responsible for such a gruesome, bloodthirsty death. And not just Marion, there was that detective guy as well, but that was because the guy went snooping- And now Mary was making excuses for Norman! If she weren't feeling so nervous right now, she would have burst out laughing. In the midst of her thoughts, Norman's arm came arcing down over her shoulder like the blade of a scythe. She screamed in terror, waiting for the blow that would end her life, but he simply reached past her and grabbed the loaf of bread, his arm retracting as swiftly as it had fallen. She'd had no idea he was right behind her, but now she plainly heard the rustle of his clothing, the light tap of his sneakers, even his breathing as he put the bread away and clicked the cupboard shut. She heard each second booming from the clock as she fought to steady her nerves- but it wasn't the clock, it was the sound of blood pounding in her ears. Nice work, Mary. What were you thinking, trying to tell him about us? You can't just come out with these things. The game is in play and you have to follow the rules or someone will legitimately get hurt, and it just might be you! Norman reappeared in front of her, brushing his hands on his jeans. His eyes were still somewhat blank, but his expression, while rigid, was not unkind. Twenty two years of professional treatment had forced Mother out of his head without turning him into a dribbling, mindless cabbage. His core personality was still intact, and it was clear he was not to be fooled. Not by her, not by Lila, not by anyone. He had been sending out messages that everyone had been blindly ignoring- you know what will happen if you rattle the monster's cage. Unfortunately, Lila was beyond listening. Mary stood up and put her hands on her hips, glaring at him. \"God, Norman, you scared me!\" \"I'm sorry, Mary,\" he replied, in calm, measured tones. \"I really didn't mean to.\" She had no idea whether he meant to or not, but suddenly she had an urge to be outside, to breathe in lungfuls of fresh, clean air that would steady her heart, get Lila's angry voice out of her head and restore a bit of sanity. Sanity. What did any of them know about sanity any more? \"I'm tired of sitting in this stuffy kitchen,\" she said. \"What do you say we go for a walk?\" \"I say that's a good idea,\" he agreed. \"On one condition.\" Mary put her hand under her hair and wiped a bead of sweat from her neck. \"And that is?\" He leaned towards her as she joined him at the door, vaguely encroaching into her personal space, doing it on purpose, she thought. \"That we don't talk about mothers any more.\" The relief almost made her laugh out loud. \"Norman, you've got yourself a deal.\" Mary put her hand up for a high five and Norman smacked it so hard it left her palm a mass of tingles. Blowing on her fingers and ignoring his triumphant grin, she brushed past him into the long awaited sunlight. She got as far as the bird table before looking back to see him hesitating in the doorway, but after a moment or two he followed her, stepping out of the place where his troubles began and into the world he longed to be part of. She waited until he was standing by her side. Then, scrunching up their eyes against the glare, they crossed the yard and ran down the green slope of the hill like a couple of carefree children, escaping from mothers and monsters, if only for a while. ","Summary":" Mothers and Monsters Twenty two years ago, in the grip of a terrible psychosis, Norman Bates murder"},{"Movie":"Psycho","Title":"Stuffed","Author":"Teobi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11957225","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Yup, it's another AU Norman/Mary ficlet. Color me obsessed. I say AU because this is my world where nothing bad ever happens. (Or is only alluded to). I will never stop wishing that Psycho II had ended well for both of them. Stuffed Norman had taken a break from painting the motel. Mary had joined him and the two of them were sitting on chairs outside the office, drinking home made lemonade. Norman had complimented her, saying it was the best lemonade he had ever tasted, and they clinked their glasses together as though it were champagne. A sparrow landed on the deck near their feet. Norman watched it carefully as it hopped towards his shoe. Mary watched Norman watching the sparrow, and noticed he was as still as a cat. The sparrow got close enough to touch Norman's shoe. It pecked at the wooden floorboards and found an ant, which it ate. Then it flew away, out into the sunshine and over the top of cabin twelve. \"That was one brave little bird,\" Mary said jokingly. Norman's head swiveled slowly. He looked at her with one eyebrow raised. \"Oh, why?\" Mary, her glass lifted to her lips in preparation for another sip, realized that Norman was expecting an answer. With the rim an inch from her lips, she said, \"because of your hobby. You know, stuffing birds.\" The corner of Norman's mouth quirked in that strange half smirk that always reminded Mary that she didn't know him as well as she thought she did. \"Mary, I don't stuff every single bird I see,\" he said, his voice laced with quiet amusement. \"Lucky for them,\" Mary went on, wondering if she was pushing it. Norman laughed, and then he kept laughing until his shoulders shook and lemonade spilled out of his glass. At the end of the laughter he snorted, which made Mary laugh too. Soon they were both laughing, but Mary didn't know why. \"You thought I was going to stamp that poor bird to death,\" Norman said with pretend outrage. \"I did not!\" \"You did. Admit it. I knew you were watching me. You thought I was after that bird for my collection. Well, I wasn't. Besides, I already have enough sparrows.\" He lifted his glass in a toast, and then took a long, satisfied swallow. Mary glared at him. \"Tell me you're kidding.\" \"I'm kidding.\" But Mary didn't think he was. She put her glass down, leaned back in her chair and put one foot on the post in front of her. \"Norman, what made you take up stuffing things?\" She hoped she sounded mildly curious, as though discussing morbid hobbies with convicted murderers was something she did every day. \"Well, for one thing, I'm good with my hands.\" She glanced at him. His face was completely straight. \"But really,\" he went on, \"it's a way of keeping things permanent.\" \"Permanent but dead,\" said Mary. \"Yes, obviously,\" he replied. Mary went quiet. She rocked her chair gently, listening to it creak like dry old bones. \"People have their pets stuffed, did you know that?\" Norman said. \"They want to keep them around because they can't bear to say goodbye.\" \"Still, it's pretty... I don't know, gruesome,\" said Mary. \"You have to cut them open and everything. It sounds messy. I think a decent burial is more dignified.\" \"You may think that, and it's your right. But plenty of people would disagree. They want Fluffy sitting on her favorite chair so they can talk to her and pet her as if she never went away. You'll find that most of the people who do this are lonely, single people for whom their pet is their only company. It's sad how many folk like that there are.\" Norman looked at Mary so intensely that her neck went hot. \"Pray that it never happens to you, Mary. You may be young and beautiful now, but that won't last forever. Pray you don't end up alone with only your stuffed... cat for company.\" His telling pause did not go unnoticed by Mary. But still she wanted to know more. \"How did you learn?\" she asked. \"Did you take stuffing classes?\" \"It's called taxidermy, Mary. And no, I didn't take classes. I'm self taught. From books. I was an introverted child and an avid reader. I spent hours in my room poring over books on every subject imaginable. My first efforts were messy. There were a lot of failures. Mother didn't like the mess or the smell, so I had to do it in secret, like a lot of things. I would work throughout the night, in my room. Eventually I got the hang of it. In fact, I think a sparrow was one of my early successes. It may still be in the attic, if I look.\" \"Didn't you ever think there was something creepy about it?\" \"No. Why would I?\" \"Because you're taking dead things and making them look as if they're still alive.\" \"But Mary- that is the whole point.\" \"I know, but- it's weird. Dead things should be left dead.\" \"In your opinion.\" \"Not just my opinion, lots of peoples' opinions.\" \"Haven't you ever visited a museum? All those 'stuffed animals'? How would we learn about their anatomy without some point of reference? Mary, is it any different to a human autopsy where they remove the internal organs and put them on a weighing machine? Or saw off the top of your skull and take out your brain, the thing that contained all your thoughts, hopes and dreams? You don't think that's more creepy than preserving a beloved pet for a lonely old woman?\" \"It's not the same. Autopsies are for finding out how someone died. Besides, they put everything back. Don't they?\" Norman gave her another quirky grin. \"Not always. Sometimes they just put your organs in a bag, not in the place where they originally came from. It's not like they make you whole again. They just make you presentable so your family can come and look at you.\" Mary shuddered. \"Okay. But whatever happens, we don't stuff people.\" Norman mumbled something behind the rim of his glass. \"I didn't hear you,\" said Mary. \"It was nothing important,\" replied Norman. \"To continue on the subject of taxidermy. It's a skill, just like painting or sculpting. There's still a market for it and techniques are improving all the time. You could call it a cross between art and medical science. It's useful and it's informative. You just have to stop using words like 'gruesome' and 'creepy'. That just gives it a stigma that it doesn't deserve.\" Norman was beginning to sound defensive. He hadn't quite begun stammering, but there was a slight tremor in his voice as though his throat had constricted. Once again Mary knew that she'd started a conversation over which she had no control, and that Norman was becoming unpredictable. It seemed to be a recurring pattern in their friendship, no matter how hard she tried not to delve into his past. \"I didn't mean to criticize you,\" Mary said, forlornly. \"I was just trying to make a joke about the way that bird trusted you. I wish I hadn't said anything.\" Norman put his glass down next to hers. \"It's all right, Mary. It's half my fault for being so sensitive. I seem to take everything as a criticism. I wish I didn't, but it's hard to change now. It's just part of who I am. Like everything else, unfortunately.\" His expression grew so touching that Mary felt a sudden urge to reassure him. She reached out and placed her hand on his forearm. \"You're a good guy, Norman. And I understand about wanting things to stay permanent. That owl of yours with the open wings looks almost alive, the way its big eyes look at you. I guess it's just that something has to be dead before you can stuff it. That's the bit that I find cr- \" she was about to say 'creepy', but thought better of it, \"it's uncomfortable to think about.\" Norman looked down at her hand. \"Well, don't worry, I haven't done any stuffing for a good long while. I'm not about to start killing every bird I see and filling the house with dead bodies.\" Mary laughed nervously. \"I hope not.\" \"Trust me,\" he said with a renewed twinkle in his eye, as though her hand on his arm was all he needed. He reached down to retrieve his drink. \"If I stuff anything, you'll be the first to know.\" Mary watched him swallow the last of his lemonade with a definite smile on his face. After he'd drained his glass he thunked it down on the deck and got up from his chair, stretching his gazelle-like limbs, rotating his neck until his cervical vertebrae cracked. Again she shuddered, wondering if this man would ever stop being so enigmatic and strange. But despite it all, she still liked him, and still found him endlessly fascinating. \"Enough chit-chat,\" he said, knocking her foot off the post. \"Time to get back to work. The motel won't paint itself!\" Knocking her foot from the post almost made Mary tip her chair over backwards. After reorienting herself with a gasp, she leaped up and chased him along the deck, past all of the cabins. He laughed even harder, using his hand to swing himself round the post at the end of the deck where the cabins changed direction. He ran like the wind, and Mary felt as light as the sparrow that trusted him. \"Norman Bates, I'll stuff you!\" she yelled. \"Gotta catch me first,\" he shouted back, but she knew she never would. He would always be a wingbeat ahead, Norman Bates and all his quirky ways. ","Summary":" Yup, it's another AU Norman/Mary ficlet. Color me obsessed. I say AU because this is my world where"},{"Movie":"Psycho","Title":"What Became of Mary","Author":"ChocolateChipCookie30","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10828169","Passage":"[Chapter 1] She sat in her room, staring out the window, a blank look on her face. It was a cloudy and rainy day outside. It was July, and the town of Fairvale, California was due for a storm. Mary Loomis watch as the sky got darker, and didn't even jump when she heard the rumble of thunder. Lightning flashed in the sky, and rain started to hit the window. Mary had been here for twenty years now, and would never speak to anybody. Her psychiatrist kept trying, but Doctor Taylor just could not get through to her. He really cared about Mary, and wanted so hard to be able to help her. Josh Taylor knew that Mary was bullied by her late mother, Lila, and put in danger. Lila Loomis used her only child as bait, to try and lock Norman Bates back up. That woman was even more insane than Norman. Sheriff Hunt and the town of Fairvale eventually found out that Mary wanted absolutely nothing to do with trying to drive Norman crazy again, and felt bad for their treatment of her. Sheriff Hunt felt the worst, though. It was the twentieth anniversary of when Mary had been shot, tended to and then locked up. There was a knock on the door of her room, and it opened, revealing a nurse, and Sheriff Hunt. He was do to retire in about a week, and was planning on moving to New York City with his wife, but first, he had to see Mary. Sheriff Hunt thanked the nurse, and stared at the back of Mary's head. Her black hair now had a little bit of gray. The Sheriff fiddled with his hat, and sighed. \"Miss Loomis?\" No response. A loud boom caused the Sheriff to jump. Mary, on the other hand, sit completely still, not moving at all. \"Mary? Do you remember me? I'm Sheriff Hunt. I needed to talk to you.\" Mary turned around to face the Sheriff, but still didn't say anything, and her face was still blank. Seeing the look on her face made Sheriff Hunt almost wish she was still facing outside. \"Listen, Mary, I owe you an apology. Well, two apologies, actually. I should have let you explain yourself that day I told you to leave town. I also apologize for shooting you. When I saw you, it didn't look good, Mary. I mean, there you were dressed up in Mrs. Bates clothes, wielding a knife, about to kill Norman, what was I supposed to do?\" No answer. Mary continued to stare blankly at the Sheriff. \"That's not the only reason I came. I found out that you started to care about Norman, and ended up trying to help him. He ended up going crazy again, and you got scared, so you were trying to defend yourself. It wasn't you or your mother that drove him crazy again, though. Remember Mrs. Spool from the diner? She was Norman's aunt.\" The Sheriff proceeded to tell Mary all that happened over the years. How Norman fell in love with a nun named Maureen Coyle, but she got killed, and eventually he was locked back up, and how Mrs. Spool was really convinced she was his real mother. Finally, the Sheriff said that Norman was actually able to recover again, and fell in love with his new doctor. Her name was Connie. They got married and ended up having a son. This got a reaction out of Mary. Tears were pouring down her cheeks. Sheriff Hunt reached into his coat pocket, and pulled out a handkerchief, handing it to Mary. She took it and wiped her eyes. \"Mary?\" \"I-is he happy?\" The Sheriff's eyes widened. That was the first time Mary Loomis had talked in twenty years. \"Very much so. He doesn't live in Fairvale anymore, though. He lives with his wife in the next town over. He's a lot better now.\" More tears leaked out of Mary's pretty brown eyes. Sheriff Hunt wasn't very good when it came to weeping females. Just ask his wife. \"Mary, what is it?\" \"I-I loved him.\" Sheriff Hunt definitely wasn't expecting that. Of all the things she could say. What was it about Norman Bates that made all the women fall in love with him? Maureen, Connie, and Mary, too?! \"I fell in love with him, Sheriff. At first I was scared of him, but then I saw he wasn't a bad man. He had been nothing but good to me, and I wanted to help him. I loved my mother, but she was a bitch. A bully. I began to understand how poor Norman felt. We had a lot in common. We were there for each other. I know he's old enough to be my dad, but I couldn't help falling in love with him. I'm just glad to hear he's happy.\" Sheriff Hunt nodded, and surprised Mary by giving her a hug. He really felt awful about the way he treated her. \"I do apologize.\" \"I know. I understand. I don't blame you for being angry with me. When Norman found out, he wasn't upset with me. Or my mother.\" After a couple more minutes, Sheriff Hunt decided to take his leave. He apologized to Mary, and got her to talk again. \"If you see Norman again, Sheriff, please don't tell him what I told you. I want him to be happy and don't want to ruin anything.\" \"My lips are sealed, young lady.\" One year later, Mary Loomis left the institution and decided to write a book about her experience with Norman, but changed the names. She then went on to become a children's writer, and ended up being able to afford a house on the beach. At one point, Mary could have sworn she saw Norman Bates walking along the beach, holding the hand of a woman. His wife, probably. Deep down in her heart, Mary still cared very much about him, but didn't want to ruin his relationship with his wife. Mary eventually met a nice guy named Steve, and they ended up getting married, and Mary was able to have at least one child before menopause. A girl that she named Janet. THE END ","Summary":" She sat in her room, staring out the window, a blank look on her face. It was a cloudy and rainy da"},{"Movie":"Psycho","Title":"Blood","Author":"Teobi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11864686","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Blood Blood is red. Everyone knows that. Blood gives us life and it can even bring rewards- everyone remembers the first time they skinned their knee, crying to mother for hugs and kisses. I sure do. Blood can be bright, scarlet red as it bursts out of arteries, or rose petal red as it trickles down injured limbs. It can be streaked with pink, the color of a sunset, or deep foreboding red like the sky that warns of a coming storm. It's a shocking color, and it's meant to be. The sight of it triggers some ancient fear in the back of our minds, from a time when we lived in caves, on our wits, and just about anything could kill us. But blood is only red when it's fresh. When it starts to deteriorate it becomes rusty and ugly and smells of decay. There's no oxygen left, no life, no vitality, and let me tell you, the sight of it can drag you down. You can't be sentimental about it. If you haven't cleaned it up by now then you're in big trouble, because if you leave it too long it gets black like tar and then you're stuck with it. Forever. In your house, on your clothes, and in your soul. The blood that ran down Mother's knife that wet December night was so red that it made me giddy. I followed it right back to the cabin where there was more of it, so much more of it. Pools of it on the floor, streaks of it splashed up the walls, a river with streams and tributaries flowing across the tiles. The stark contrast of red against white was alarming; and in the middle of this awful tableau the piece de resistance, a crumpled mass of soft, naked flesh. The most avant-garde of artists could not have arranged such a scene if he'd tried- it was chaotic and frightening, the result of a terrible, vengeful act. I clung to the doorway and stared at all the red swirling down the drain. I knew she was dead- how could she not be? There were so many holes in her body that any air I breathed into her lungs would come right back out, mixed in with her bubbling blood. Nothing was ever going to make it better for her. There would be no rewards for Marie Samuels; no amount of hugs or kisses would cure this kind of pain. But, still. Whoever she was, whatever she was running away from, she had never done me any harm and I wasn't going to make her suffer any more than she already had. I removed her from the otherwise ordinary bathtub that was now the place of her death. I laid her out on the blood smeared shower curtain and wrapped her up in it as carefully as I could. She was heavy in my arms as I carried her out to the car- the only time I would ever hold her. I wished to God that things hadn't happened the way they did- she would have been better off driving straight through into Fairvale. But then I never would have met her, and she was nicer to me than anyone had ever been in a long time. And of course I still had my dreams, where I could hold her any time I liked, and in much sweeter circumstances than this. I drove her car to the swamp and there was nothing more I could do. To calm my nerves I ate candy, grinding it between my teeth until my jawbone ached. It wasn't a fitting end to her life. She had pulled up in that car looking for some place to spend the night because she was tired, and lonely, and in need of someone to talk to. She had no way of knowing that she would never get the chance to drive it any further, or that she would spend this night, tomorrow night and every night henceforward curled up in the trunk in her watery grave. And me? I had to forget about it, forget about her, just as Mother instructed me to do. Because it didn't matter how lovely she had been, how gentle and misguided and similar to me in many ways, it didn't matter how much I liked her, or whether there was any chance we would have met if only we lived in another place and time. It was over. The deed was done. Blood is red, when it first hits the air, when there's still hope, still a chance that events can be reversed. But if you leave it too long, if you flail and panic, take leave of your senses, it all becomes too late. The red makes pretty patterns, but that's all it does; it's not good for much else any more. It's awful to say it, but you have to mop up the remains of a person's lifeforce, the stuff that made them talk to you and smile; that led them to a place where they ate sandwiches in the warmth of the parlor on what turned out to be the last night of their life. You have to put it to the back of your mind, clean up the mess, get things ready for another day. You have to do that if you want to survive. You have to let go of what might have been. Because what matters in the end is the blood that connects us, Mother and I, and that blood is thicker than water. No matter what color it is. ","Summary":" Blood Blood is red. Everyone knows that. Blood gives us life and it can even bring rewards- everyon"},{"Movie":"Psycho","Title":"Christmas Special 2014","Author":"KING FELIX","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10874837","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Christmas Special 2014. 'Teenagers are unwitting victims of their parents' good intentions - or passive agents to their insecurities, or anxieties, or limited imaginations. What purpose civilisation if those welcome to the best it can offer wrap themselves in selfishness and delusion? Send enough under-realised, over-indulged kids into civilisation, or what these days is passing for it, and it will collapse upon itself, too hollow for its weight'. - David McCullough, 'You Are Not Special, and Other Encouragements'. 'Sorrow, piled on my pillow, what is your shape? Like waves in rivers and seas, you endlessly churn. How long the night, how dark the sky, when will it be light? Restless, I sat up, gown thrown over my shoulders, in the cold. When dawn came at last, only ashes remained of my hundred thoughts...' - Mao Zedong, 1920. Xx. Packed roadside snow accumulating the exhaust smell, the tall lights of Unity City receding, and Marion drove home feeling trapped but content. The last time she'd felt excited over Christmas was probably when her parents were alive; still she switched on the radio in the hope of hearing some synonymous seasonal classic, as if it meant everything in the world. The Pogues were good, as was Brenda Lee. 'Simply Having a Wonderful Christmas Time' was the one that hit the spot exactly, though, making her wistful and at peace. To be expected, as a kind of comedy routine with highs and lows, the traffic snarled up past the six-lane junction that snaked east. Not-exactly-going-home was a strangely pleasant feeling, at least for the moment. The plan of action, envisioned rapturously in her mind -draw up in the big car park to take advantage of the late night shopping at Regal Coxstall, whiz around, feel good-natured among the hat-wearing shopkeepers. The laziness at not yet having bought presents for Lila or Sam might still be avoided. What to buy Sam, though -a problem and a half. Their whole love affair was founded on side-stepping the usual relationship norms, and what was more clichéd than hurriedly buying someone a Christmas present in a chain store? Because it was the same old emotional confusion: she desired from Christmas Day nothing more than she desired from their regular Saturday nights. Making love, and afterwards a visit to the all-night betting shop to demonstrate the hundreds of different tactics you could toy with. Only vaguely there was an idea that Christmas should be something more. Something -mysteriously colourful. And what to buy him? She curved past the purple lights of the Holiday Inn complex, tightly focused, happy she hadn't drunk so much at the works party that she couldn't face a few further chores. 'Simply Having a Wonderful Christmas Time' ebbed and lo-fi'd to an end, leading to a news jingle that was abrasive. Anyway, it perfectly highlighted why she wouldn't normally have listened to Flash FM in a thousand years. 'In his first address to the Parliamentary Special Response Unit, the Prime Minister has warned that any action taken against the Islamic Defence Front must be strong and all-encompassing. The meeting was called after the IDF gained new ground by taking a number of small villages north of Ayfarwaq. In attendance was the Minister for Strategy Alfie Fallow and the head of the British Army General Sir Marlon Jackson, who will be travelling to America for talks with President Blake early tomorrow. Professor Richard Upplemide, head of Terrorism Studies at Hule University, said that the task of defeating IDF will be complicated . 'You have to understand that what we're seeing in Ayfarwaq is a consolidation of a number of smaller factions, with a chain of command that stretches very broadly through whole townships, but also individuals, strangers, families-\" Thought Marion, ' Ah yes, Terrorism Studies at Hule University. That's next to the Home Economics Room isn't it?' She detected her weird little anger and felt suitably ashamed, willing herself to become absorbed in the 'And Finally' story about a reindeer who'd escaped from an activity farm in Norwich. She checked her hair and make-up; blessedly tight and un-fuzzed respectively. Ahead, the message of deep patience spelled out in the slow-moving hazard lights of a Volvo C30 -as typical a Unity-to-Regal Coxstall runabout as you could get. She glanced rapidly at the misty-frozen trees which spread sparsely into ambient farmland, then into her rear-view, a semi-professional coach chomping away in low gear. A dumper whizzed past in the opposite lane, barely easing up in the circuitous M4 approach. Into the tall hedgerows, a blackbird darted; he was unmindful of the traffic, the cold, the wickedly tangled twigs. He looked frantic anyway. Now, as the flow of Christmas traffic jerked into high speed without much warning, something in Marion's abdomen went from wrong to very wrong. The last day at work before the Christmas break, her mind had been like a PC server-log running in the background, observant of everything but also dismissive of everything unless there was a problem. She recalled the Christmas Barbecue in Conference Room One. The turkey burgers, when Mr Lowery had last taken a tong to them, looked frighteningly pale and undercooked. Still she'd eaten them. Wincing through the spasms, she shifted gear and grimly told herself that the bad meat would surely pour from her body, as vomit or otherwise, just a few hours from now -maybe the next morning at best. Reaching the homely little roundabout in Regal Coxstall, however, there came a deep shaking just to keep the bilge down a few seconds more. How weird; the muscles in her guts with the same determination and power as an extra limb, fighting to flex. Clutching the steering wheel, a good enough brace for her cold-sweat shoulders, she struggled to find a pose that might help as the nauseous feeling took hold. There was the familiar advertising diorama of a Jeep parked at a 120 degree angle. Clear and ice-cold air swathed across the left-turn towards Regal Coxstall High Street. Marion painfully eased the steering wheel, slowly, slowly -catching the monkey. Then, as surely as a nightmare begins to seem contrived, the need to vomit faded. The marauding in her bowels -similarly pinched and under control. Flurried stops-and-starts in the traffic at first allowed her to stare unthinkingly at the miraculously demure housing estate, the two petrol stations in the space of fifty yards -where Aalmesbury had just one, in a nook, to serve a ten mile radius. Here, how the cars crawled loyally and without complaint between the commuter belts. It was all very tolerable. That recent report that told how the apocryphal average Briton would wait in a queue just five minutes before storming away. Marion thought; this is fair enough. Anything was preferable to actually thinking about it. In front and behind, the thick-set office women and salesmen concentrated intensely but weren't in the least hurried. And as the line of icy hoods and hazard lights mounted in front, this angered Marion. That, of all those returning home or running Christmas chores, it was probably she alone who saw the dithering as something that was surplus to requirements. Why couldn't they just move, become co-ordinated? Her hand gravitated to the horn. The built-up high street of Regal Coxstall was usually a fast-moving affair, even with the busy comings-and-goings of ma-and-pa shops, newsos, tiny chain stores. Possibly the tail-back could be explained if the top of town had been sealed off for the late-night shopping. Finally crawling through the tortuous jam, Marion saw this wasn't the case, not per se. Trudging around on the pavements were a dozen squaddies from the nearby military base. One of them casually held a giant chrome key in the style of a walking stick. A mayor's wife and mayor's-wife-types spun around on their dizzy housewife legs. It seemed the soldiers had just received the Freedom of the Town, though it was a blasted ridiculous time to have held the ceremony. Marion's anger still receded, though: at least she was in , finally. The twisting lane that passed through to the car park was busy with flouncing loom-band-makers and West Country jive-men, drawn home with the dimming of the sky. Also, out of nowhere, a cluster of those Malaysian or Singaporean twenty-something Army-exchange students who regularly loafed around the military barracks, always carrying luxury electrical products that Marion would've automatically ruled out, even with her disposable income. In no way racist herself, she noted their reluctance to use even pigeon-English, the tangible contribution they were incapable of making beyond buying over-priced consumer products that shouldn't exist in a sane economy -as if the people who were racist missed one of the most blatant outrages of all. She wondered what would happen if she fell in with them and simply threw money at Sam's Christmas present. A feeling of bleakness followed; it was surely what she'd end up doing. The mid-size car park had all the overflowing, space-searching tension she'd ever known. More even than that. A couple of heavy-set Chelseas chanced their luck by making jarring turns along the columns. Marion saw no option but to drive around, and around, with a delicate consideration to keep the cars behind her moving just as purposefully. Nobody worried about the slushy snow, there being no risk of sliding now, just the ridiculous debris of a childish drama soon finished. And wasn't it proof that the situation was truly ugly, the way all the spaces were taken, even in the tight right-angles which spread into waxy little cloisters. She drove back towards the entrance-side, still wildly hoping for a space, scanning the ranks with far more concentration than she flicked the gear stick, padded the throttle, turned the wheel with her delicate wrists. A narrow-though-inviting gap was glimpsed between two hunched little runabouts; she approached with her heart in her mouth. Even at the last moment, she fully expected to see a micro or Smart car coyly nestled in. But the space was empty and she entered, feeling blessed -marginally. Reaching to the back seat to snag up her Barguzin Sable, rather than opening the back door to give it the respect it deserved, Marion glimpsed inside her mind, the strange urgency. Alternating across the slushy paved rises and the dark asphalt, she moved to the shining arch of the shopping centre. The next obstacle came from a dry patch inside the entrance; a dagger-faced soldier wagging a collection bucket in the radius of her torso. On the verge of a simple, 'No thank-you', she instead made the decision to clamp her mouth shut completely -perhaps silence was better in terms of not patronising him. Just be as brisk as the world itself. Unfortunately, from an echoey place that had no knowledge of the world, \"That's alright, love. Just thought you might like to give something back, that's all\". Marion moved on, while her astral self lingered beside the beret-wearing beef, frozen in the shock of utter indignation. A wisdom in self-knowledge goes nowhere, the truth that, hours from now, days , she'd be tossing around in the early hours, rehearsing in perfect elocution all the ways she could've made the man feel guilty. That hideous danger -breeding affected-messiahs, for all anyone knew, provoking more terrorists into existence than there were in the first place. And always on an exagerrated-liberal agenda that had nothing to do with Britain. But onwards, she told herself. The place gave the impression of being a covered shopping centre. Once through the blocky channel of the entrance, however, there was a renewed exposure to the sharp winter sky, the frosty paving slabs. Marion didn't think to decrease her speed- And skidded, falling violently onto her leftside hip and hindquarters. Ironically, it was the right-side heel which had snapped. Two hundred pounds worth of designer shoe looking like something from a child's art show. Accompanying the heart-in-the-mouth, a deep-rooted pain spiked in her coccyx, though from the start she sensed it was no kind of permanent injury. Humiliation? A man in a football manager coat and tartan baseball cap half-heartedly tried to help her up. The lurking squaddie loafed away, jigging his collection bucket and smiling to himself. But onwards, forever. The long striplights of the mid-to-high fashion store swept up her eyes with a unique-wintery buzz; presenting a fierce white light but also showing off every filament, every fuse, node, reflector, all in precise chromey detail. She picked out a random pair of plimsoles to see her through the commute home. Then -the search for a present for Lila, hurry. Not because she was easier to shop for than Sam, but maybe just -she'd be more forgiving, more awed at anything her eternally-upward-mobile sister might choose for her. Marion stared at the lightweight spring-into-summer scarves. There were some eye-catching designs of deep-black-on-blue sericins, every bit as stylish as Lila deserved. Except -something elusive stopped her dead, from looking at the scarves, from anything except the truth that she was trapped beneath oppressively white ceiling plates, in an atmosphere that was truly the muggiest she'd ever known. Inexplicable humidity played at her brow. She felt nauseous, faint; the imploding-exploding agony in her bowels and stomach had returned in mind-bending force. Throughout, a romantic and overly optimistic idea of getting to the till and paying before all hell broke loose. She thumbed out her credit card, closed to within a few feet- But it wasn't to be. The stomach spasms over-ruled her ability to think. Surrendering to the light-headed impulse, she vomited several mouthfuls into her handbag, the only possible avenue. There was also a strange and relaxed feeling around her camisole, a wetness. To add insult to injury, she'd soiled herself like a child. She reeled. The till girl, hovering near the open desk, beheld her with hatefully pitying eyes. The few other shoppers, all of whom looked like the caricature female roles from a Tin-Tin book, were shocked, uncomprehending. Saying, \"Oh my god, are you alright?\" The look in Marion's eyes, as she came down from utter desperation, contained more irredeemable bitterness than any human could realistically be expected to deal with. Beyond doubt. Slowly there was just enough energy to proceed, the vomity handbag held delicately at hip level. Using her left hand she picked out the nearest female skirt and tights, not even perceiving the style or colour, then promptly paid for them. Her credit card, she noted, had been poised ready between her ghostlike fingers for some time. \"Do you need to sit down, or some water?\" The shopgirl's manner went beyond natural concern, into the realm of cloying, cultivated, jingo-fashionable-sensitivity. Really, all Marion wanted to do was find some way to growl out, 'I am more than this ugly incident that's happened to me. Why would you think otherwise?' Instead, \"No, thank-you\". She moved to leave. The nightmare rotated in turn. Through the polished windows, in the blue-wintery courtyard, she saw two squaddies laughing at her with huge gusto. One was a borderline fat man with a moustache. The other: chiseled handsomely but fake-expressive to the point of being a drowning male model, never more so than when he mimed the way she'd been sick. The most terrible thing was the way they continued to laugh and smile even when she'd made eye-contact, as if she was no more than a thoroughly-unrealistic character from a comedy film. The sadness and the hatred were so profound as to be completely new emotions, to be temporarily put aside as she rushed around the corner to the public lavatories. Speeding along, she sniffed and sobbed a little, but why? Just accept it. The stale smell of urine was bizarrely strong, not just in the cubicles but seemingly ingrained in the plaster itself. As she delicately stood on a safe island of hand towels, cleaning herself with cistern water, changing into random clothes that didn't suit her, the tumbling thoughts in her mind proceeded; ' Regal Coxstall . Really, Your Majesty? And you're putting your name to this public toilet? Part of a car park which earns the council hundreds of pounds an hour, but apparently still not enough to have the place smell like something other than a giant slab of solidified urine?' She hated the way she was thinking; the way it felt like a feverish surge at all points in her brain. ' Regal Coxstall. Perhaps, Your Majesty, your head has been turned purely by the military base? That's a very crass assumption, and I apologise, but- 'Yes, I apologise. War is an absolutely necessary action to prevent approaching evil. And sometimes you need to fawn and creep over things that are absolutely necessary, give them all sainthoods, and while you're at it, make them an industry. As if you're not all utter fools '. Weakly, still quickly, she walked back to the car with the all the bitter arguments in full control. Of course, there were soldiers present. Alongside her Civic, they'd spontaneously postponed driving away in order to throw snowballs at each other in the middle lane of the car park. Their Lexus hatchback was parked in such a way that the open back door was directly opposite Marion's driver's seat. On the back seat -two large collection buckets brimming with cash. A child, doing something mindless, wholly out of control - she lifted the collection buckets cleanly through to her passenger seat, threw her coat of them and quickly drove away. Xx. It was not a dream. She knew that now, very distinctly. Still there was no denying it had all the traits and the logic of a dream -her doing something very uncharacteristic, far from home, being chased, the need to keep moving or face some mysterious, unconscious oblivion. It was eerie; this was something that had never happened before, to anyone in the world. She was not the type of woman who stole, still less the type who went to prison. Marion wondered if it would ever really happen. Low-set domestic cars bulked up and moved quickly, hypnotically. Flurries of dust mote snow came and went. Marion had no desire to listen to the radio. Still the radio played as a phantom in her mind, telling news from the terrible days to come. ' The search continues for an estimated thousand pounds worth of 'Friends with the Forces' donations which was stolen in Regal Coxstall yesterday by bank operative Marion Crane. Miss Crane, identified by CCTV at the scene, is believed to have fled the area in a silver Honda Civic, and is now the focus of a nation-wide police manhunt'. Swirls and clouds of icy countryside followed her highly-conscious glances in the rearview. 'Earlier today, the Prime Minister himself spoke out on the crime, \"Well, this is a callous, despicable crime. To have taken advantage of people's sense of charity at Christmas is particularly galling, and I know that the British people simply won't stand for it\". If there was the logic of a dream, it was the logic of an adventure dream, where even the most law-abiding citizen knows implicitly the cunning of a John Buchan or Geoffrey Household chase-story. In the twenty-first century? With a delicate draw of breath, she swished onto a slip road towards the first little town off the motorway, 'Edmonhall'. Onto the high street, she found a branch of her own bank and parked outside in the fragmenting slush. Security cameras? She saw nothing, but felt confident, anyway, that the manhunt couldn't be fully co-ordinated yet. No going back and no going home; simply. She used a couple of tricks really only known to bank clerks to withdraw more than the standard daily limit of her bank account, mostly side-stepping insurance quotas and optional regulatory levies. Behind the glass was a business-like middle-aged woman, and looking at her, Marion felt sure she understood how Judas felt among the disciples. Maybe a shell-shocked fallen angel at the beginning of time. Back in the cage, on the motorway, her strange, body-temperature-fever resumed. She tensely angled her head to change lane, tensely scanned the outside and oncoming lanes for glowering police wagons. By now, surely, the dragnet would be falling. Maybe twenty or thirty miles passed before the tension became an autonomous force in her limbs, impelling her to take another sliproad, and another, into a mad hinterland of B-roads set above marshland. Leading eventually to a nearby town, presumably -the solitary Christmas bauble wired to a floodlight high above the hastily-chosen layby suggested - outskirts . Stepping out onto icy grit, she carefully moved to the crystalline verge and, glancing furtively, smothered her number plates with frost and snow. There was no distinct sound of approaching cars, only the far-off swishing from the motorway, which nonetheless brought fear. Back in driver seat, the coldness hadn't eased at all, with crisp little clouds rising from her sharp-sculpted mouth in the wing mirror. \"Mihiri\", voice-activating the phone set high on her dash. \"Give me the internet search results for the words, open-bracket, 'Friends with the Forces', close bracket, open-bracket, 'theft', 'stolen', close-bracket. Limit the results to the past three hours\". The chime rang after a tension-filled ten seconds. \" There are no results in the past three hours for 'Friends with the Forces', 'theft', 'stolen'\". \"Mihiri?\", her eyes remained remarkably steady. She did her best to think only of the problem at hand. \"Disconnect yourself from the sim-card, use wireless and bluetooth only while I'm addressing you with these questions. Turn off any output that might be detected by the police. Do you understand?\" \"Yes, Marion. I understand\". \"Tell me the area of Britain with the lowest coverage of police\". \" The area of Britain with the lowest coverage of police is -Summerisle, Scotland\". \"No. Tell me the area of Britain within-\", she moved her eyes into the lowering winter sky, stared at her Archos, \"-two hours driving distance of my current position\". \" The area of Britain with the lowest coverage of police, within two hours driving distance of our current position is -Helmsley, Yorkshire\" . Marion's heart moved bleakly. It was all so disconnected. Even the bright and open-hearted intonation in Mihiri's responses made her feel like a monster, henceforth a remorseless automaton. \"Mihiri, tell me the average jail term for-\", she faltered. From the very top of her lungs, she sobbed, then proceeded to cry as if she'd already been weeping for hours. Thru creased eyes, she saw herself being measured in coloured grids on the tiny screen, the face-recognition struggling to understand what was happening and give a response. \"Marion, the Samaritans live website is available twenty-four hours a day. Contact can-\" \"How dare you?!\", all at once the tearfulness vanished from her face. \"How dare you suggest that I need that? How dare you ? How dare you?\" She drove along the A65, then a fast-moving ratrun with no visible markings but a spectacular piney backdrop. Her furtive eyes concentrated on the surface details of mighty brown spruces, tough and deep even as they were facing down winter. They moved in an REM-reaction to the phantasmagorical voices making their breezy reports. The first soldier who'd assailed her with the collection bucket. 'She was just an unpleasant sort of character. I wouldn't say what she did was opportunistic. She was striding into that high street -and she was obviously a con-artist looking for a hit. The fancy coat she wore was something that cost about two weeks of my army wages. I hope she goes to prison and gets a taste of the real world'. And the too-much-make-up housewife who'd glared at her as she'd vomited, 'I mean, I wonder if she was drunk? Not that it's an excuse for what she did. You know the way drink brings out the worst in people; she just had a really cold expression at everyone she looked at. She certainly didn't care about any of the people who'd given up their time for charity'. The voices buzzed and chattered to saturation point. To a degree, she was learning well how to function in the world of guilt. Mechanical turns down Y-junctions and groomed bypasses became a matter of course. There was an idea, also, that her subconscious was seeking cover in the huge, sharp mountains, the grainy recesses. At some point she'd entered the Lake District proper; not just the huge peripheral of moor and marshland, but St. Johns-in-the-Vale, Castlerigg, Helvellyn. A next step in the hastily-formed plan of action, which already seemed to have been firmly embedded in her mind for a thousand years -pull in to a sizeable lakeside town, buy two outsized suitcases into which she'd transfer the collection money. Marion believed in post-traumatic stress only vaguely, still there was a petrified jittering in her legs as she rushed from the housewares shop, replaying the escape from Regal Coxstall almost exactly. Eyes watched her from all angles, if not the police, the venomous general public, children, icy horror itself. She drove around the angular one-way system and sighted a burnt-out promenade in the park, already with a dozen rough teenagers lounging. As the evening got darker, the rough element would only get worse. Wondering, if she parked directly alongside their human zoo and walked away, invitingly leaving the keys in the door, would the stolen car be a time-buying decoy for the police to chase? She hesitated; the ever-elegant indents beneath her eyes creased as she dismissed the idea. Clearly, there was more dark interplay to come between the fleeing mechanism and her subconscious. Increasingly she favoured the smaller roads, something in the bases of the huge mountains and lonely fields indicative of perfect seclusion. The blocking of the winter horizon by almost vertical foothills cast an aura of unashamedly mysterious, unearthly light, drawing her onwards into the dimness. She passed into one of the steepest valleys she'd ever seen, more striking even than the Rhineland and Alpine vistas she'd seen on her European holidays. On the right hand side was a sheer face comprising unyielding, hanging rocks and mushrooming trees. On the left was a series of mountains more akin to a colossal wall. And something around the Northern end of the mountain range, set against the empty green swells, intrigued her absolutely. Darting her eyes over the steering wheel, she realised: it was an exact geographical doppelganger of the luscious valley in Hawaii where they'd filmed LOST. The sense of stark seclusion gave her courage. Any kind of concerted daylight was gone now, micro-specks of snow moving in the graininess like the calmest thing imaginable. A near-absence of streetlights was also strangely relaxing. She drove past a number of bed and breakfasts, hotels, motels, guessing that a conclusion to her fleeing would surely happen soon. In the meantime, on the far side of the lake, she made stern eyes through the black branches at the lapping water. Constant access by hardcore outdoor types meant that there were many straggly emergence-points to the pebbled lakeside -Marion opting for one of the semi-official pine tracks that moved in the general direction of wildlife-sanctuary marshland. For the final, daring push, she simply trundled and bumped the Civic to a choice section of the pebble waterline. Marion shut off the engine, the passenger mini-light, now holding court in the supernatural dusk. Her lungs were consumed by the tangy, freezing air, \"Mihiri, in the event of hitting open water, would this car float or sink?\" The chime rang on the tiny smartphone while the numerous data sources were collated. \" Tests from the initial HSE design process for the Honda Civic tell that, doors sealed, front and rear airbags deployed and with a strong-to-moderate tide, the vehicle would float for around three minutes and then sink\". \"Alright\", said Marion the Warrior. \"Is there any way I can activate the airbags without crashing?\" Another long pause to fit with the oblique questions. \"Incidents of airbag deployment in the Honda Civic happen with the triggering of front and rear crumple-sensors by full stops of twenty MPH or above\". \"Mihiri, how long would the Civic take to sink without the airbags deployed?\" \" There is insufficient internet data to make an assessment\". Just a few sharp breaths was all Marion needed to get on with the terrible drama. She transferred the takings from the overflowing collection buckets into the two suitcases, her thin arms acquitting themselves well probably because of the pumping tension. Even in the profound dimness she saw five and ten pound notes being mangled in the sluice of pounds and silverwares; it was as though the people who put them there were specifically trying to reduce them to rags. And as for the high number of heptagonal coins -it reminded her of those early days at the bank when she'd been a simple cashier, the account holders bringing in deposit bags of twenty and fifty pence pieces. It reminded her of the metallic-wrapped sweets she and Sam ate as a matter of course on Christmas and Boxing Day. Except no; she put those thoughts from her head. Marion -be as likely to think about the deep night sky or the ultra-inhospitable woods, necessarily your new diorama. Ideally, the car needed to float a short distance, out of sight of the shore, then sink cleanly to the bottom. She opened the boot and threw away the fire extinguisher, the mid-price wine she'd won in the raffle, the carton of de-icer -as far as lightening the load went, it was simply the best she could do. Probably it only counter-balanced the heavy rocks she wedged between the chassis and the accelerator, the accelerator and the clutch. Lunging quickly out of the door, once more freezing her hind quarters, she goggled as the silky sinking motion took ahold. Vast and primal, still faltering, down it went. The wheels continued to make progress even as the engine made sinewy flooding sounds. Submerged by a quarter. A half. The front tires, she guessed, were lifting free, and it was actually working . Willingly, the Civic moved completely offshore, down, the hood and boot becoming abstract pyramids. Three-quarters-and-a- fraction submerged - The gleeful expression felt unusual on Marion's face; as the sinking stalled at three-quarters-and-a-fraction, it merged into an equally unusual cringe. The way the gulpy, billowing sounds had been so much like music now made their absence weird and hypnotic. She froze, but was still just short of full panic when blessedly- The car was completely consumed beneath the crawling of the tiny waves. In an act of fierce imagination, she pictured this stretch of shingle on the brightest summer day, with the water at its most translucent, and still she guessed the car would look indistinct from the shoreline. Eventually it would be discovered by fishermen, or children in a dinghy, but by that time she'd be swallowed up in some sort of convoluted 'new life'. Or so the approximations of a plan suggested, pushing her on through the clumpy recesses of the forest edge. Behind a perfectly anonymous tree far out in no man's land, she hid the two suitcases, wedging them down in a small ravine of badger rubs and tree roots. For the cover she chose two redwood branches that bordered on being full-size logs. The vibrant brown leaves would soon die while still providing a grimey shroud, perfect. Padding away, it occurred to her that maybe it was a bad strategy to leave the spot completely unidentifiable, and she returned to clip the shiney metal tag of her bank ID into a knothole. It started to snow, dramatically. The fast-moving main road, with its powerful headlights appearing so suddenly, scared Marion only slightly. She breathed, neatly forcing herself beyond any nerves, then tip-toed along the gritty rural footpath. Three big hotels lay ahead, on sharp curves in the road -so her short-term memory led her to believe. Anticipation of the huge floodlights and the linen-glowing balconies kept her mind busy. Unfortunately, in the first hotel- Over the old-fashioned tiles, Marion's stride felt fairly impotent without her United Nude heels. Confirmed, maybe, in the way the hostess scampered around behind the reception without acknowledging her. She waited a spell. Very unprofessionally, the receptionist stooped and concentrated deeply on which files needed to be fed into a shredder, which needed to be filed elsewhere. \"Hello, let me just finish this, then I'll be with you\" -without eye-contact, showing such ill-advised confidence -based on an idea that if a tone of voice is brisk enough, it automatically denotes deep professional acumen. Hateful. Marion turned on her heel and walked out, around a further sharp curve where the huge lake petered out to grey-glinting marshland. She paced forwards, head level. There was no moon, yet the thick atmosphere had made a pact with the small trees to cast film noir density, everywhere . On steep rocks were ancient Viking symbols recreated by clever local artists. Like blithe demons, also, the helmet lights of rock climbers were visible, sprawling slowly just a quarter of a mile above her head. Why weren't they afraid of slipping and falling in the dank atmosphere? She hurried now, thinking of nothing really bar survival. Handbag shoulder strap caressed, handsome jaw clenched, simultaneously taking steady pulls of mist into her pointed nose -her strides grew a lot more powerful. Onto a stretch of road where there were no snaking bends, as ever no streetlights; a doubtful feeling caused her to feel lightheaded -what if there were no more hotels ahead, and she was forced to hurry backwards and forwards looking for sanctuary? That would indeed be a nightmare. Then, from a coy position on the mountain-side recess, there it was -a huge board with an artistic purple floodlight. BATES HIKING CABINS. VACANCIES. She made for it, into the natural indenture of rounded rock. A series of plywood bungalow cabins spread along in an 'L' shape. On the rise beyond, partially at home in the suddenly tall trees -one of the most gothic houses she'd ever seen. The delicate grey slats were husky, as were the windows. Signs of life didn't matter. Perhaps they never had. All of the general human bonhomie was summed up in the powerful Christmas bulbs tied between the porch struts, and on the fir tree in the reversing space of the small lane. The snowfall didn't ease for a second. Marion struggled up the disintegrating landslide of black tarmac that was the main driveway. Goodness knew how a car was meant to cope, even a four-by-four. Stalling, dispersing, the snow faded to nothing. Regardless, the winter atmos was owned by the black woodland; it was enthused in the soil, far down in the impenetrable earth. Marion approached the cabins feeling stark. There was a slightly more fortified section at the tip of the 'L' shape -she guessed this was the book-in office, and prepared to knock. She snaked her wrist, braced her knuckles in a tense aura. But no connection was ever made. A strikingly tall, slim man approached from around the corner. He smiled energetically, the black creases either side of his mouth indicative of some - pathological introversion overcompensating in torrents. \"Hello. I'm sorry to have arrived so late. Your board at the base of the drive said you've vacancies?\" The man made a probably-well-used-joke, \"That fact is true. Twelve cabins, twelve vacancies\". \"I'm glad I've missed the Christmas rush\", Marion tried. \"There's no Christmas rush, really. Between the landslides and the winter weather, our little lodge is practically dead at this time of year\". She spread her velvet-covered palms, \"I'm here to save the day!\" The man quickly absorbed this. His smile moved as if spring-operated. \"Well, if you're alone, and ready to come in, you can follow me to the reception, if you'd like?\" \"Thankyou\". They clumped their feet towards the most substantial cabin in fits and spurts, the awkwardness of Marion's new friend strangely becalming her. As calming as anything could be. She looked towards to furthest cabin of the 'L' formation, the way it was almost-almost integrated within the long branches of the woodland. Thinking, of the twelve, this might be the wisest choice. Because of the angle, it was the area best hidden from the road. Also - visions of the likely-inevitable police manhunt, a wince-browed constable making a systematic search along the row of buildings -while she surreptitiously slid through a window and away through the trees. It was a strange, melodramatic way to envision things. Then again, thinking, wasn't this exactly what her life had become? Her host grappled with the office door knob, smiling at the strain. He was so bizarrely tall and thin, but not in the least bit gaunt. Maybe avuncular. There was only one real way Marion could classify him. He had the type of frame that collarless leather jackets were made for; at the same time, however, he could only ever be defined by the fact that he was exactly the sort of man who'd never wear a leather jacket. This was tragedy number one. No doubt there were others. A corner was rounded. An old-fashioned light-switch flicked. By now, Marion felt supremely tired. There was one thing that woke her up instantly, though. Bounding around the office space was an adorable, sandy-coloured mongrel. Tail wagging, his strikingly short legs didn't prevent him from placing both front paws onto Marion's knees and going wild with excitement. After all the uniform hatred of the last few hours, the sudden burst of love made her want to cry. On his collar was a Christmas tree decoration. \"Juno! Leave our guest alone!\" \"No, no!\", Marion gulped. \"He's wonderful!\" Except Juno's master continued to look pained. \"No, Juno, get down! I'm afraid he has such sharp claws. I try to take him for long walks so they'll wear down, but it never seems to work. And the last thing you need on your naked knees -I mean, your\", he blushed massively, \"- stockings , are, uh, claw-marks\". The man was so awkward and un-conceited, she almost found it refreshing. \"I take it you're the owner of the lodge?\" He loosely shook her hand, after absent-mindedly wiping a palm across his trousers, a subconscious tick that he believed himself unworthy. \"Yes, I'm Norman Bates. And this is Juno the Dog\". \"Marli Samworth\", made up on the spot. Norman took a backwards step and rotated his shoulders, as if he found this to be such joyous progress. He bounded behind the waist-high desk and fished around in a cardboard box until he found the ledger. \"Do you know, you might just be the last guest ever to stay at the Bates Hiking Lodge? By the New Year, my little family -Juno, my Mother and I- will have emigrated to America, to Los Angeles. So you're really a very honoured guest\". Said Marion, \"Los Angeles. 'The City of the Angels'. I'm jealous\". Confusion quickly ebbed into Bates' dry and narrow face. \"The City of Angels? I've never heard that before. Why do they call it that?\" \"I don't know!\", smiling; she really didn't. \"Is it a religious thing?\" Continuing to smile, \"I'm sure I don't know!\" Bates shook the confusion from his head. \"Well, Mrs Samworth, let's get you booked in. Do you have a vehicle?\" \"No, I actually came by coach\". Studiously, \"Of course. And, do you have your credit card? I'll just make a print\". Once again flustered, she fished around in the strange new handbag. He purse was upside down and wedged fast. A combination of sharp concentration and exposure to the idyllic warmth of the office made her light-headed. \"I should like to use -some of my Christmas raffle winnings- and pay by cash, if I may -I just need to-\" She detected the complete shut-down of her consciousness, though evidently, it was only a split-second affair. Amazingly, she didn't even drop from her feet, merely swooning so that Bates became rigid at her side. \"Mrs Samworth! I'm inconsiderate! Come through to the back room! There's an easy chair!\" Bowling-pin ankles moving scissor-like, she proceeded through the golden recesses, the sound of Mr Bates berating himself like some Greek God suddenly self-absorbed over mistreating mortals. Dominating the room was an easy chair, and her heavy limbs clung to it at once. Solid thoughts; your nightmare has made you like an old woman. And where there should be sexual tension, maybe that classic fear of rape, there's simply -nothing. Continued Bates, \"You've spent all day on your feet, travelling, trudging, and then I've kept you standing bolt upright!\" She lolled her head, stared into his eyes: illuminated orbs that were nervousness-incarnate but also -zest, optimism. \"It's alright, Mr Bates. It's not your fault, is it?\" It worried Marion, dimly, that he might start to believe she was a hustler. Alleviated by Juno jumping into her lap and allowing her to stroke his light fur. She continued, \"I've had a traumatic day. You might say, the most traumatic day of my life. But I'll be alright\". \"No one should feel that way at Christmas\", said Bates darkly. He brought her a glass of water. With the lifting of her head, she was brought in to the main focus of the small room; taxidermised birds, a dozen or more. She stared and stared. Such a polarising phenomenon. People either hated the idea, a few people might be ambivalent, most judged it to be morbid. But the first impression, for Marion -the visceral, transcendental impression- why are there real , woodland birds, frozen in time, staring in wonder from the top of filing cabinets and shipping crates? For goodness sake, it was less like the mildewy stately homes one would normally associate with taxidermy and more like a science-fictiony intermixing of realities, something like that. She darted her eyes across the delicate brown-and-yellow wings of a starling-size bird and narrowly convinced herself it wasn't alive, not in the slightest degree. \"Do you feel better, Mrs Samworth?\" \"Thankyou, Mr Bates. A little\". \"Call me Norman\", he beamed. Marion nodded and caressed the brittle plastic cup. In her examination of the time-frozen birdhouse, she tried to move her head elegantly. Daydreams of some post-apocalyptic world abandoned by humans, inexplicably clean, enthralling to small birds. \"I see you've noticed my livelihood. I mean, what will be my livelihood. I always practiced taxidermy from the time I was young. And then, about six months ago, a gentleman and his pretty wife stayed here from America. They were impressed by my birds. You might say they were enthralled. Of course, I was very abashed by all the attention. But it payed off! The gentlemen was a big-name artist. Mr Ochreman. As of next year, he's paying for my Mother and I, and Juno, to emigrate to America. Already, apparently, my work is selling for -oh, I don't know. Thousands of dollars. Some are featured in the most exclusive art galleries\". Norman stood back to admire his work in a pose of lean, clichéd pride. Marion looked meekly to a corn bunting. Constantly she tried to keep her eyes and mouth in a state of numb interest. Perhaps she succeed, perhaps she failed. In any case, Norman perceived something wary in her face. Awkward-trustworthy eyes flickering, he explained, \"Oh, it's alright. I know what you're thinking. But it's taxidermy in name only. These were never living creatures, except in the sense that I modelled them on real birds which I observed in the woods. Some years ago, I started to sense modern society's opinion of taxidermy. That the mere act was - bloody and disgusting . I always thought, certainly it's bloody and disgusting, but the precision and the skill re-, reac- redeems all that. The ability to capture a spirit so well gives it its own meaning. Now that I've started making the birds from scratch, that only makes it more satisfying. Perhaps even how God feels, if that doesn't sound too crazy\". Marion, \"I understand\". \"Of course, it was hard at first. I had to research how industry makes synthetic fibers and adapt the process to make artificial feathers. I had to spend four thousand pounds of my savings on an allylic polyacrylate weaver, which upset my Mother very much. But now, at last, I've made the money back several times. But -am I boring you yet?\" \"No\", she smiled. He really wasn't. Norman beamed in turn. \"Mrs Samworth, you must be hungry -and thirsty for something more substantial than water. I wish I could suggest something other than going all the way back to Keswick by Taxi. Even then, there'll be nowhere to eat beside expensive restaurants, and our local supermarket Booths -maybe the most expensive in Britain besides Waitrose\". Admittedly, out of nowhere, she was hungry, the conclusion of her frantic and exhausted mind; 'Perhaps I'll eat some leaves from the wood'. \"I'll survive, Norman, I promise\". \"But could I fix you a snack from my house?\" She looked at him warily. \"I could devour a sandwich, if it's not too much trouble?\" \"Please\", he suavely dismissed any difficulty, \"what would you like inside?\" \"Just -Marmite or Bovril, if you have any\". Norman nodded as if this was perfect serendipity. \"I like Bovril, too. People talk about having a sweet tooth. I think some people have a savory tooth, a salt-tooth. I'll only be a moment!\" Juno's quandary; remain and continue to be made a fuss of, or follow his master and the clearly-detected codewords, 'hungry', 'eat', 'snack'. Happy confusion turned to crazy confusion as the mongrel wagged his tail and swept back his ears. Ultimately, though, \"Juno! Come here, boy!\" In the eye of the life-changing storm, Marion inevitably thought about Sam, but curiously, only for a moment. It would be hideously unfair to involve him in all this. On close inspection, it struck at the heart of everything that was wrong with their relationship. Sam -never satisfied, but always so noble and grounded, able to survive. Marion? Similarly dissatisfied, but slowly becoming bitter at her inherently rat-raced lifestyle. He deserved better, and there was no other way to look at it than that. Curiously, her eyes felt baggy and vulnerable, but rather than crying, they did something else. Passing up over the bench-style utility locker, they took in the sight of the gothic house, the Edgar Allan Poe tombstone curiously redeemed by vanilla fairy lights. In what was presumably the kitchen, there were subtle signs of scurrying activity. It made Marion feel lightheaded again, maybe existential, that the hypnotic movements revolved solely around delivering her a sandwich. There was a pause in the shadowy ripples, as if Norman, too, had become distracted by the existentialism. She sensed him frozen on the spot, shoulders like duct-tape over a coathanger. The silence seemed to roar at everyone. And then - Prompted by a childlike burst of Christmassiness, the radio was switched to a local post-100 FM franchise. Muted though it was, the tone was still guess-that-tune-in-a-nanosecond. And evidently, his mother, wherever she was, must have been too old or good-natured to mind music at such a late hour. Could she be a bohemian? But no, her son was as modest and straight-laced as they come. Marion sat back and ordered her racecar thoughts into some kind of meditation, watched from on high in the curve of space. As something from a minimalistic radio play, she heard the plywood door edge open to produce Norman, the intense concentration as he delivered a bone-china plate. He placed the sandwich before her, and fairly coy, a young boy presenting something to the Queen, fully aware he didn't know the correct protocol, hoping his unusual smile would endear him. Marion felt like telling him that, last vestiges notwithstanding, she was no longer a beautiful woman, and no special measures need be taken to impress her. It had been coming for a long time, looking in the mirror each morning, the tightness of her mouth and such tired-looking eyes. Admittedly she never imagined the final transition would be so sudden, but the devil loves his abruptness. \"I wasn't sure about the cheese\", said Norman. \"Marmite and cheese slices can be such a filling meal. At the same time, I wasn't sure if there's any credence -any credulity- in that idea that eating cheese so close to bedtime gives you nightmares. And so I decided to leave it in the wrap, for your discretion\". The sandwiches and cheese slices looked so crisp and angular that her exhausted mind equated them as yet another a state-of-the-art exhibition piece, like the birds. She ate slowly; they were real enough. Norman watched her steadily. Clearly it was a Robinson Crusoe, Man Friday dynamic. Probably more profound even than that. The solidarity of disparate souls in a medieval execution block. \"So tell me how you started making models of wildlife\", she messed with the napkin. A huge shake of the head. \"Well -it's a long story\". \"Are there televisions in the cabins?\" Said Norman, \"I'm afraid not. They're pretty basic in that respect. No television, no Wi-fi\". \"Then tell me the long story; it'll take the place of watching a TV show before I go to sleep\". Sitting on a high-armed office chair, the long-limbed man braced himself and arched forward. Speaking abruptly, \"It all started with primary school. As all things probably do. When I say I disliked it, you might not be able to understand. I mean, classy and successful people generally love their school days, and that's fine, of course-\" The smile on Marion's face -small and brutally honest. \"I'm actually not that classy or successful. Thankyou for thinking I might be\". \"But if you had to live your life again\", countered Norman, \"you'd still go to school, wouldn't you?\" \"I suppose I would\". Her host shook his head slightly. Casual-if-terse, he leant forward again. \"From the age when I was able to think, all the lessons of school seemed to be so -eerily, profoundly- irrelevant . I know it's a big cliché for people to complain that school doesn't have much relationship to real, practical life. But for me, it was like a spiritual thing, something closer to me than my own skin. Even as an infant, I somehow knew that life is short. For one thing, I loved my Mother. I knew that before much time had passed, my Mother would have died, and I'd be nothing. How could they abuse my time like this? Maybe the feeling came from my Father having died before I ever knew him, but all the same, it's strange, don't you think?\" Marion took a small mouthful of bread, as if to give the matter the un-sentimental air which Norman seemed to prefer. After a beat, \"I don't think it's strange at all. Sometimes, being sensitive can be its own reward\". \"I remember science and mathematics being as abstract and arbitrary as can be\", he continued. \"But I also remember history classes, about the Saxons, the Vikings, the Romans. In my twenties, I really grew to love history. But at primary school, it seemed so -cheap. As if all the past civilisations had been sketchily made-up by bad and uninspired children's authors. The First World War was just some men, in rough green clothes, in a field. Throughout the whole sorry business, I remember thinking, I may as well be here as School\". \"The hiking lodge?\" \"Yes. My Mother first bought it a year or so after I was born. I knew every floorboard and every brass pipe. I was hypnotised, along with the woods, the lake-\" Put in Marion, \"But didn't you have any friends that made school worthwhile?\" \"I remember children who spoke to me\", he conceded. \"But at no point did I figure I couldn't live without them. And then in the space of two or three days, it happened; I had the small child equivalent of a nervous breakdown. Or maybe it was a full nervous breakdown. I remember my Mother walking me down our driveway to the school bus stop. And from nowhere I started pleading with her, that life is too short. That perhaps life can just -change. Why couldn't I just stay at home all day and help her run the lodge? Naturally, she was deeply upset and tried to coo me. But I became hysterical. I-\" Norman froze for a second and stared intensely at the space between her chewing mouth and the crisp white bread. \"Marmite sometimes gives you heartburn. Are you sure it won't upset your sleep patterns?\" \"I'm sure I'll be fine\", said Marion softly. \"Please, you were talking about the one morning in particular that you didn't want to go to school?\" Now his face remained steady; only his eyes relived the trauma. \"Yes. And so, I begged and begged. It was all so horrible, I barely remember it, only that it went on for a long time and was - strange , unpleasant. I guess inevitably, she allowed me to stay home. I polished some of the cabins for her. In the afternoon, we went in to Keswick together. I went to windowshop in Lakeland Toys, and browse the books in the Library, while she went about her business in town. I remember the sight of her as she came down the stairs from the Civic Center. It occurred to me that she'd been talking to someone about me the whole time, trying to resolve my psychological problem. But as she came down the stairs, she was so tall and beautiful. She looked -resolved. \"She told me that if I hated school all that much, she would set things in motion to home-educate me. It annoyed me that she thought I was prompted only by hatred, rather than a legitimate, spiritual dislike of school. But I was so relieved, I didn't say anything. She thought I might change my mind in a few days. I did not. Every now and then we'd argue, but the plan to home-educate me remained intact, more or less\". Marion finished her last sandwich, tongue-cleaned her teeth. \"Did it go well? I would have liked the idea of getting taught by my mother. Probably all mothers have an in-built drive to teach their children anyway, something given us by evolution\". \"This is precisely what I thought. And she did. There was still a lot of wrangling with the government. We were regularly visited by a horrible lady from the Council, who looked like a witch and had an attitude that was flouncy, unsympathetic. She checked the curriculum was being followed, and that the atmosphere was conducive. Both my Mother and I hated her. We made fun of her behind her back. But at the same time I felt guilty that all this fuss was because of me. You have to remember that she was a single woman running a busy hiking lodge, and educating me on top of that. The guilt, you might say, was always at my throat. Isn't it funny how all your bitter emotions rise and fall inside of you?\" \"It certainly is\", said Marion, in an empathetic voice she'd never heard before. \"Nowadays I know, intellectually, most of it is society's fault. Every problem this country has, an economy stalled around academic and managerial jobs, 99 percent of people a dozen points removed from the production of any tangible goods. Children don't have the laziness or the conseq, -the cons- the conceit, that adults do. They're all about obeying rules and being rewarded with whatsoever they can imagine from day to day. Don't you think it would solve a lot of problems if all children were given the choice I had? Imagine, you could say to the average six year old boy, so full of life, 'You have two choices. You can either learn the minimum of mathematics and English, a few hours a day at home, get a manual job at sixteen and be able to do and afford whatever you want. Or alternatively you can work slavishly at school, and delude yourself in higher education. The only difference is, if you drop out of the harsh regime of learning, you'll probably never be deep enough in the rat race to afford a sports car, or three hundred thousand pound house, more than two children. But really, what are these things when you weigh them against being able to do whatever you want? Don't you think it would work, Mrs Samworth?\" Marion thought, for a long time, despite the delicate prompting of Norman's black eyes. Her head said probably, perhaps, maybe. And her heart said probably, perhaps, maybe. \"I think it's an interesting idea. Don't you ever have regrets?\" \"Regrets are part of life\", he said wisely, exacerbated by a bitter smile. \"I certainly formed a plan. In the eighties, there was a shooting shop at the top of town, and in the window, overseeing the shotguns and the green-quilt jackets, there were these big stuffed animals. A young pheasant and a grouse that looked more like some avenging griffin from a legend. I considered that I needed something that would be my own little economy, that would give my Mother the extra revenue she deserved. The woods behind the hiking lodge offered an unlimited supply of units. And so I chose taxidermy!\" \"What did your mother think, when you first told her?\" Brightly, \"Oh, we had a few rows on the matter. A few more measures of guilt put inside me. But it's my guilt, I created it, I am equal to it\". \"At least your guilt led to something productive\", said Marion, playing the gruff psychiatrist. \"Was it a hard skill to learn?\" Norman cast his mind back, fiercely. \"I ordered books from the library and became a subscriber to Breakthrough, the UK, US and German editions. The equipment I received through mail-order. And my career as technician of eternal life began\". Said Marion, smiling, regarding the very impious crow above her, \"'Technician of eternal life'. It's certainly very pain-staking. If there's one thing I hate it's lazy art\". \"Thankyou for saying so. I don't consider myself an artist, though. I'm not sure art even has any value. Just another one of those stupid human conceits we convince ourselves exists. I'm expanding on the work of God, through a very real need to make things permanent\". He assumed a deeply creased expression as he heard himself talking, excused himself with an impish smile, \"If you understand what I mean\". \"Of course\", said Marion. \"I wish I had your passion. I wish I was as insightful\". \"Everyone is insightful in their own way. You can see it in the movement of their eyes\". \"Don't look at my eyes. I'm sure my make-up is a mess\". He leant back in his chair. Tense-to-confident in a subtle beat of his heart, less than an inch inside that rough, black sweater. \"Has your day really been as unpleasant as all that?\" There was no consciousness in the long pause as she tried to remember the full horror. A brick wall came up. \"It's OK\", said Norman brightly, as though they were both children. \"I won't react in any kind of a crazy way. I won't hype it by saying, 'Everything's going to be OK'. Though if it was up to me, it would be\". Wistfully, she said, \"It's funny how you mentioned guilt. I was driving home from work -and a lot of things went wrong all at once. But it was as though it happened just to - prove how easily I should feel guilty. But that didn't stop everything from changing, and now I just feel like someone's fed me a bag full of metal, and I'll never digest it. I know I've got to face it, but I'm scared\". Insisted Norman, \"Christmas was always the time when I felt the least guilt. I know Jesus was meant to give us an amnesty on our sins anyway, but as a baby -there's something beautiful about that. Clean. Like everyone's worshipping him just because He's an idea, a character in a story, as simple and profound as that\". Into Marion's head flitted ideas of visiting a priest tomorrow and having him act as an intermediary as she attempted to return the money to Friends with the Forces. It seemed a solid plan, but there were too many variables and she was too tired to balance them. She braced the arms of her chair and prepared to stand. Norman sprang upwards and leaned forward into the tension of his ankles. \"It's late. You'll be wanting to retire to your cabin. Let me fetch you a key\". Marion remembered her cabin of choice, the one secluded on the end with the best line of escape through the woods. \"I was thinking of the last cabin, past the corner?\" Norman struggled. \"That hardly makes sense. The heating system runs by vents from the boiler in the office here. They get progressively less warm. I couldn't let you stay in Cabin 12, it's an ice-box. Besides, that's where I spend the best part of the night. There's a huge tyrrel owl who rules over the trees above the cabin; I've been trying to make a study of him before I have to say goodbye forever. I suggest Cabin One. It's closest to the boiler and you'll be warm, all night long\". Marion guessed she'd have to be swayed. She allowed herself to be led, Juno the Dog wagging his tail and following them into the weird scattering of snow. Again, though there were tall trees everywhere, the gaping enormity of Lake Derwentwater and the valley beyond was an ominous vision. There were no lights on the ridge, despite a copious slicing of smooth, grey roads. \"Here we are\", Norman exhaled, only partially confident at the quality of his cabins. \"You have the sofa, radiator, expandable beds, dimmer switches. If you need to move anything around to be more comfortable, that's really OK with me. I can never get to sleep facing the window, or with my head facing the door -or anything like that\". \"I'll try to be a worthy final guest\". Taking shallow breaths, Slowing her heart to a sleep-like pace, she tried to ease-down. Because of his tiny legs, Juno the Dog barely reached her knees, then had to crane his head dramatically in order to nuzzle her hands. Always she wanted to stroke him, get every last bit of affirmation that she was a good person -but resisted, bowing her head to Norman. \"I was thankful for our conversation\", she said. \"Sometimes it helps to turn things over in your mind. Besides, I'm sure it really won't seem so bad in the morning\". \"I don't know about that. But it's good to be reminded you're not the only one who's lived through troubles\". Norman said tentatively, \"From one lost soul to another. As Reeva Steenkamp said to Oscar Pistorius, 'Wow, these big houses can be scary at night' -to which Pistorius says, 'You find it scary? I'll soon have to sleep here alone'\". Marion laughed quite a bit. The comedian himself was hesitant, explaining, \"That may have been in bad taste\". \"That's why I'm laughing\". Eventually, Norman chuckled too. \"At least I told it right\". Xx. There were nights where sleep seemed utterly incompatible; you were sure you wouldn't get any, then somehow got just enough. There were nights, the ones where you waited for news about a loved one in hospital, when sleep came, but only with the proviso that you turn your mind into an expression of oblivion, total. Marion knew that tonight would be an entirely new kind of assault on sleep, that it would take a thousand years, and would fail all the same. But -try anyway? She drew the thin beige curtains and hunkered down beneath the single blanket. It wasn't as if the exhaustion could mount forever. She tried and tried to reach omega point, to even approach it through a mesmerising kaleidoscope of memories. Certainly there were visions of her childhood, and stories people had told her, dinner dates, holidays, promotions at work. It was like her mind was a house with each room pleasingly full of mementoes. The only trouble, she knew there was a plaintive monster on the prowl. The monster was her soul. When first she opened her eyes, really just as something to do, she stared through the broad doorway to the shower unit and wondered if the sensation of hot or cold torrents might be enough to drive her out of herself. She decided against it. Closing her eyes again, it was almost funny , the way she was literally doing nothing -just as surely as if she'd paused at the top of an escalator to stare obstinately into thin air. At once, Marion intuited: a physical gesture must be made, a promise that the next day, life would at least be survivable. She sat upright and stared blankly at the wall. Perhaps writing a confession, on Bates Lodge writing paper no less? Except no. To express her vast, neurotic guilt would only make them hate her more. Just then it was doubtful if her previous resolution to confess would even make it through the night. Perhaps it really would be easier to try and start a new life, strained and risky though it would be. Back to square one, hope it's not a trapdoor. But she needed variables. Hauling on the strange clothes once more, she resolved to go outside and stare at the spot where her car had sunk, partly to gauge if ever it might rise, mainly just to face her demons. Beyond that, there was a weird little desire to look into the sky, see the steady running lights of a high-up jetplane -cosmopolitan dreams still existent. Walking at a delicate pace down the track, it was bizarre how strongly the air smelt of gorse, heather, sheep dung. The countryside was another world. Perfectly distinct, therefore protected always by fate. To Marion's conscious mind came visions of being condensed and swallowed up in the distant trees, maybe the bracken, the insidious thorns of the marsh basin. Sometimes she looked back towards the lights of farmhouses like a diminutive Christmas display. She missed her co-workers at the bank. The sparky and smiling children whenever they came to visit at lunch breaks -would they ask what ever happened to Aunty Marion? At best, the boys, little Joe and Alex, might be intrigued that she'd taken up the adventurous life of a fugitive thief. The girls, like Olivia and Cassie, would merely be confused and dismayed. All of life, thought Marion, was like the Woody Allen joke -the man whose brother thinks he's a chicken, 'But I need the eggs'. In the film, it had been compared to the delusion of modern romance. Now she knew, equally, it could be applied to everything. Entering the plank trail that moved along to the rugged lakeside; her footsteps on the dank wood sounded distant and lonely to the eeriest degree. And overhead, the ridgeway-cum-mountain-top, black, still with such a tactile quality, nothing ethereal, all to prove that the whole world was now a scrambling escape route. She approached the lakeside wood. There was also something about the tall trees, the way there was such dense and murky foliage even between the naked trunks. It was the sort of place that would host deer or stags. In the gloom it was impossible to see them, of course. Could she even begin to approximate the area of shingle where she'd disposed of the Civic? It was doubtful; still Marion trawled on. She followed the fuzzy-black cove. It was maddening to think that, surely, she was heading in the right direction, but where was the distinct dip that had allowed the car to slip low? Through the deep-black landscape she'd made too much of an arc, maybe. She hurried towards glimpses of the lapping and reflection-free lake. What sprang up in front made Marion's breath whirr in her lungs. Several shrill screeches overlapped, accompanied by huge daggers of light stabbing wildly across the bay. She much desired to flee. Only as her legs staggered backwards did she understand. The frantic screeches were made by a complex winch system, just narrowly glimpsed through the trees and belonging to a huge flatbed. The daggers of light; the LED torch beams made by milling policemen. The car was discovered, and being raised. Already . It was incomprehensible. \"Oh my god!\" -it was intensely rare for Marion to exclaim under her breath. As an alternative to fainting, perhaps it was OK. She felt physically sick, and the quivering in her belly was matched by her desperate lunges, stumbling low and at speed the way she'd come. In the seconds that followed, in fact from the instant she'd first glimpsed them, the torch beams were devilishly perceptive in the nigh-pitch-black nightscape. They roved the air. They poised motionless like sniffer dog snouts. What had previously been a dagger-shaped beam filled the air around her shoulders in a satin-reflected cloud. A frighteningly near voice, frighteningly energised, \" There's someone out there \". Marion had no idea why she didn't run outright. Because the world was such an unpredictable balance of guilt and innocence, and people, fate itself, just expressions of the strange toying. Entering the misty black, she moved foot-around-foot in accelerated cat-steps. Behind, there was no noise except the powerful winch. Nevertheless she anticipated the gliding footsteps behind her. Rough hands twisting her arms, gruff voices, handcuffs. There was a dim desperation to make it back to the cabins, but mostly the petrified tension removed any thoughts from her head. Combined with the exhaustion -delirium was falling. At the familiar bulging landslide, the entrance to Bates Lodge, there was no sign of any immediate pursuers, but if this was any reprieve, it did nothing to ease her fear. The panic was consuming everything. Ticking like fleas, twitching like an animal dreaming. She could not stay at the lodge, this much she knew. Once again there came visions of running through the hilly crevices of the woodland, running onwards forever. Christmas. What had Christmas ever been except the strings of vanilla bulbs wound tightly around the porch of the Bates family home? Barely conscious through fear and fatigue, she splayed her forearms and rested her temple on the cabin door. Something strange happened when she inserted the key; it wouldn't make even a quarter rotation. Probably, she realised, in her tiredness, she hadn't locked up in the first place. The interior was black-blue. An intuition prevented her from turning on the lights as she eased forward -breathing, far from under control, possibly even ravenous for oxygen like someone emerging from a dive. From a particularly dark corner, the amorphous figure of man approached. She flung out her arms to drive him off before he could connect. Fairly innocent yelling came. It was nothing that would halt Marion's desperate struggle, since this was now a full-on an invasion of police, an invasion of guilt and horror from all angles. It could well be a last opportunity for escape. Amazingly, with her tired legs, she managed to drive the figure back through the outermost door to the shower unit. They both stumbled, the man more so than Marion. A sharp crack was heard within the base of the shower. Adrenaline up, Marion felt liberated, only just. She moved foot-to-foot, left-to-right, but there were still no bearings to be taken. With a clear sense of the on-going fight, she slammed her forearm against the oversized light switch. To see Norman Bates unconscious in the ceramic footwell, bleeding copiously from a broken skull. Xx. Yelling his name, once, twice, three times, brought nothing. She applied pressure, though she guessed that bringing the ooze under control meant very little about any damage that could've been wrought to his brain. Just outside of her reach, Juno howl-barked and wagged his tail simultaneously. He smiled tentatively, the tiny translucent teeth, the cuteness making her feel damned -absolutely. She wondered whether to check for a pulse, decided that she had no idea what it would signify even if she did. Dynamic action was needed. The tall body had been hauled carefully across her knees and abdomen; now she prepared to strike away across the room. Likely, her astral self moved before she did. There was a tingle. This, of course, was Cabin Twelve. In her fear and her tiredness, she'd become stupidly confused and entered the wrong door. Somewhere, in some infernal dimension, a connoisseur demon was laughing heartily. Not that Marion had time for irony herself. Among Norman's anatomical study tools on the table was a plastic knifette. Marion scrappily used it to tear the arm from her vest. Testing the stretchiness, she wielded it into a tourniquet. As feared, the blood came through in a knife-shape, but not quite dangerously, not quite dramatically. 'What are you doing?', Juno wagged his tail and tipped his head. The blood held steady in a copper-leaf shape. She fingered the pulse at Norman's neck and it felt steady enough. Hurrying all the same, she arose like a relay athlete and swept along the broad, slanted porch that linked the cabins. On the bedside table of her own little cell, there was Mihiri. A zen-like singlemindedness controlled her dialing hand. The very dark side of zen. \" Which service do you require -?\" \"Ambulance\". \" Can you tell me your address ?\" Juno, who'd carefully followed her, barked loudly. The punchy little sound derailed her mind, just for a second. \" Hello? Can you tell me your address?\" Gravely, \"Ambulance\". \" Yes \", the not-quite-Northern accent was kind beyond reason -but also insistent, like guilt. \" We need your address, please \". On the wall-side counter, beside the kettle, was the rough paper receipt for her stay at the Bates Lodge. She stared at the old-worldly letter head. \"This is the Bates Hiking Lodge, Lake Drive, Manesty, near Keswick, CA90 5HH. Please come, my friend Norman struck his head, and he's bleeding\". \"Is he awake or unconscious?\" Marion kicked in to her pleasing telephone manner; after all, the bread-and-butter mode from all those years at the bank, \"Just a moment, please\". Perhaps it was the post-midnight atmos that allowed her to shoulder past all the cabins so quickly, the tangy friction of the freezing air. Through the ominously wide door of Cabin Twelve, she discovered that Norman was still unconscious. Juno gave a partial howl in his wisdom of what was going on. \"He's completely out cold. What should I do?\" \" OK -an ambulance has been dispatched from Keswick Station, so they'll be with you shortly. Can you tell me your name, please ?\" Marion gave an inward shrug, followed by a sob. On the spot, \"Olivia\". \" Olivia, you might need to apply pressure. How badly is he bleeding ?\" \"I've wrapped a cloth around it. The blood's pooled out to the size of a cigarette box -but I think it's holding steady\". \" Can you tell me if he's bleeding from his nose or his ears, or just his skull ?\" \"No\", Marion inhaled sharply. \"Just from the skull\". \" Alright then, just try and keep him warm, put a blanket around him if you have one, and the paramedics will be with you shortly\". \"Oh thankyou\". \" Is it just you there ?\" Marion stared daunted in the direction of the deep windows. \"I think so\". \"Listen carefully for the ambulance, you may have to wave them in\". A pause came, giddy even if it was well-earned. In her mind, there were dim warnings which she failed to pin down consciously. Listen for the ambulance. How would one know the sound of an ambulance? Listen for the siren. But if she was able hear the sound of the ambulance, wouldn't the police at the lakeside also hear it, and come to investigate? Marion felt profoundly tired. Even the low-to-high howling of Juno didn't properly wake her. Even the fear of finally, deservedly being arrested. What little of her mind was active -dreamed. The sight of the multi-coloured klaxon-lights of the ambulance, set against the deep roadside canopy, the porch lights of the Bates household; as dark a mirror of Christmas activity as you could get. Juno gave throaty howls. The fresh shame in Marion was that she'd turned him from being an intelligent little companion to an unthinking animal. He was rigid and unheedful of just about everything. And worse -the howls of unthinking animals contain all the information anyone needs for this cursed world. Her mind was collapsing, but she kept it together just enough to run down the curve of the lane and implore them, \"He's here!\" The curly-haired driver nodded sternly and edged forward. If only they would kill the klaxon. She guessed even the sound of Juno howling would be enough to entice the distant police men to investigate. All the time it was the tension that was worst. Neither of the paramedics introduced themselves. As they hauled their gear, they bowed their heads to listen to any instructions she might give, but there were none beyond leading the way. On seeing Norman, poor and intrigue-ridden at the best of times, they at last had a question. \"How long has he been unconscious?\" Marion guessed, \"Ten minutes\". \"OK. Can you tell me if he's been unconscious the whole time, or was he awake at any point?\" \"The whole time, I'm afraid\". The non-Rorschach pattern of blood marked a spot that was fairly easy to examine. One paramedic checked the extent of the crack while the other started work on a very sophisticated gurney. \"And what's his name, please?\" \"Norman Bates\". \"Are you his wife?\" As a reality-shifting proposition, it was enough to make her go numb and feel utterly lost. \"I'm a guest here\". The more dominant paramedic, the one with the curly hair, stooped with his partner to lift Norman onto the stretcher. \"Hopefully, his unconsciousness is just that -unconsciousness. But at the same time, the wound is quite deep. He'll need a handful of stitches. Do you know, is there anyone we need to contact, or anyone around here that needs to come along?\" Enter the terrible thoughts of Norman's mother. Marion wasn't strong enough by half to go up to the house and wake the old woman, explain to her what had happened. It was a further descent into Hell. Even as the word passed through her throat, there was a traction to it, every part of it seeking an escape route, \"No\". A plan came, probably the best she could formulate under the circumstances. Come the morning, then she'd go up to the house and speak with Mrs Bates. If the strength still eluded her, she would find it, somehow. \"When he comes around\", she spoke faux-confidently to the paramedic, \"would you ask someone to tell him that everything's fine, and he needn't worry about the lodge?\" \"OK\", promised the man at the head end. She watched them loading the stretcher and sliding the door shut. An odd minute or two followed where not much happened. Perhaps they were doing paperwork. Perhaps they were reporting her to the police. Juno howled and whined; as she kept her eyes fixed on the tall, yellow-green ambulance, she automatically folded to her haunches to comfort him. The monster drove away at a leisurely pace, illuminations going but with no siren. On the tight little road with its density of trees, it was probably standard practice to keep the penetrating lights alive. Along the lakeside, connecting scattered and rugged cliff-side inhabitants, rock-climbers, ghosts. Marion stood tall. It was best, she decided, to spend the remainder of the night in Cabin Twelve, ice-box though it was. The bed was alongside the window, and she could fall asleep while observing the house. As yet, no lights were on apart from the Christmas decorations. No doors were opening or closing. Mrs Bates had not yet started plaintively calling for her son. What would she be like? Pleasant like Norman? Or subtly weird, the way so many mothers-of-a-certain-age are? Marion slid in under the rough blanket without changing her clothes. Juno was quick to leap up and snuggle at her side. She could sense he wasn't going to fall asleep easily. But as for herself, by now, there was really no choice. Xx. Bounding across open fields in shin-deep snow. It was the early eighties. Beyond the situation itself, falling asleep in such a perilous circumstance, it was the rarest of the rare that Marion ever dreamed about the past. Clearly, what did it: falling asleep in the midst of the raw winter air, flashing her mind back to that most distant of Christmas Days. She'd been due to start secondary school after the break; Lila had still been jaunting along in primary school. Life was easy. Life was curiously strained. It was an odd Christmas morning, unlike any other -the girls had opened their presents and been gratified, but still there was a curious length of time to wait before their parents would have finished cooking dinner. Marion had suggested the two of them get suited up in their thick winter clothes and go for a walk in the deep snow. It was probably a bad idea to allow (eight?) and (ten?) year old girls out into snow-consumed farmland, but something in the laid-back, climactic vibe had prompted their parents to say yes. The fields at the Bristol end of Aalmesbury were vast, diminished only slightly by the twenty inch snow, in another way magnified by the uniform tone of unearthly white. They cleared their front door and immediately started bounding, gasp-laughing, falling and getting up again with no effort at all. In the near-distance, the bells of Aalmesbury Cathedral were going wild. On the far side of the valley, where in previous days the townsfolk had been sledging, today there was nothing as Christmas Day inactivity swallowed up everything. And all the while, the girls headed for the frontier. From trips in the car, Marion knew that a little way to the North West was Tiquesbury, with its dominant church spire and funny troughs, around four miles distant. But what lay to the South was a mystery. Now and then, Lila stopped to mess with the snow. She looked up at her sister and demanded to know, \"What's out here?\" \"Maybe another town\", Marion bluff-laughed. \"Mum and Dad wouldn't want us to go too far\". Said Marion, reasonably, \"I know\". Presently, they were at the furthest point they'd ever walked with their Father. On that occasion, in the summer, they'd observed a foreboding criss-cross of fields that was far too daunting to cross. But in the deep snow? No such psychological boundaries existed. Marion guessed that people who grew up in the city had dream-landscapes where their metropolitan suburbs were stretched apart by tantalizing swathes of countryside. But if you grew up in a small, country town, the exact opposite was true. She'd often had dreams where, just a block or two away from their house, she'd been able to look across the fields to see the main business citadels of Bristol. The skating rink car park, Telecom Tower 2, Wills Memorial, the Cabot Monument overlooking the harbour. In fact, if this was a dream, they'd just about be entering that phantasmagorical Bristol now... Freedom was the thing; out here, sunk in between the fields, the trees grew in some of the thickest mushrooming shapes she'd ever seen. Even decimated by winter they were unusually majestic, attention-grabbing. Out in the open fields, however, in what was normally grazing pastures, that was where their heads spun. Drawing in the stinging air, Lila said something like, \"What's out here? It must be something\". Marion bounded forward. In control was a mad impulse to get as far as possible. The neat little question in her subconscious, what would it be like in this dream metropolis just a mile or two from home? What would the schools be like there? Certainly nothing like the schools in Aalmesbury, where the cosiness of a small town meant that all the classrooms were eerily similar to your front room, where the small number of pupils meant that teachers had to struggle to pretend not to hate all the rough children. Johnny Sutherland, Terry Higgs, Lizzy Gaston. If hatred was treated in such a weird way, what currency did actual respect or good will carry? In fact, what was the point of being a good girl at all? There was a strange sort of subplot to the dream, barely recognised by her conscious mind. The phantasmagorical city would be discovered. Marion might then casually mention to her parents that it was out there, and it would turn out to be more convenient to send her there instead of Aalmesbury. Among the hundreds of undifferentiated children who came from the suburbs, all of whom wore sweaters instead of jackets, who lived for the football at the weekends, rather than helping out in their mothers' health food shops. It would be more challenging, but less conceited. Unfortunately there was nothing out there across the fields, in reality. But it was always pleasant to dream. The land was neither completely flat or swollen with valleys; there was always a clear look at the perspective-squashed fields and the distant horizon, while maintaining a sensation of being able to travel very far in just a quarter hour or so. And so they walked quickly, enraptured. \"Wonder why there's no birds?\", said Lila. Perhaps that was odd. There was a line of willow trees that seemed so much like giant quills or bulrushes. The way the trunks were so regimented, and the whole line at a subtle angle, suggested they'd been planted on purpose, by mankind. Another landmark arose, though just barely because it was three-quarters consumed by a slant of snow: a long wooden fence. The girls bounded over, deeply satisfied that they were able to surmount the snow, always amazed by the crispness of it, the intangibility. Now the sudden accumulation of landmarks meant that there was a corner of sorts. They rounded the trees to a particularly flat section of fields. And discovered a farmhouse, a thick, grey, rough-bricked affair. It was saved from looking so incredibly stark by a family playing in the adjacent field. Farmers? Except, farmers on the most luxurious day off; against the flatness of the horizon and a deep brown fence, they'd set a string of archery boards. The figures lowered their bows to stare at the girls in interest. The most prominent, a woman in a borderline-snazzy leather jacket over dungarees, shook her head in wonder. Marion sidled in to stand beside a curved fence. It made no odds to be embarrassed or to run back across the expanse. In a way, their intrusion was offset by the activities of a lank young man who was filming the Christmas archery session with an oversized video camera. Periodically, he'd move a large six foot board around the standing figures. This, presumably, to stop the funny rasps of winter wind interfering with the huge mic' that was fixed above the camera like a bayonet. Combined with his careful footsteps, it was a highly skilled exercise -but Marion intuited, just a hobby, nothing professional. He carefully framed the farm-lady as she addressed Marion and Lila, then picked out the girls themselves. \"Are you girls lost?\" Said Marion, defiantly, \"Just out for a walk waiting for our Christmas dinner\". \"But you've come all the way from Aalmesbury?\" \"You can't see any fences or any hedges or anything, not in the snow\". The woman toyed with the end of her bow in a weird, casual, plucking motion. \"I don't mean to tell you off. It's just there are ditches and troughs criss-crossing all the way back to Aalmesbury. How you didn't go up to your shoulders is amazing. You deserve a medal\". \"We don't want one\", Marion said silkily. \"So you just thought everything beyond Aalmesbury was a desert, or a prairie? You were just exploring?\" Marion tried to sound cool, intelligent. \"We thought it was probably a prairie\". The farm-lady pointed out, \"I guess it could be prairie. It could very easily have been prairie if our farm wasn't here. When my husband first brought us here, I looked at the way all the fields were tufted and grown together and I didn't believe we'd ever get it into shape\". Lila, who'd been impatiently listening to the borderline-uninteresting, borderline-grown-up conversation, jerked her sharp little face. \"Can I fire one of your bows?\" The farm-lady laughed. The others, presumably all her sons, laughed right along. The camera-wielding son smiled as he adjusted the focus of his lens. \"Love, I think bows can be very dangerous, even for clever little girls. Your mum and dad would be angry with you if they knew you'd tried to fire one\". Lila glumly accepted this. The brightness of the snow brought out perfectly her unyielding little mouth. As meanwhile they gravitated inwards among the party of Christmas archers. The only person Marion just-and-just recognised, through the years; the older sister of one her toddler playgroup acquaintances. Toddler playgroup, such a naturally rich and cosmopolitan affair -it was odd to think that the confident and classy girl she'd looked up to as a tiny child had all along been part of utilitarian farmyard workforce. Lesson in social prejudice number one. A teenage boy with a steady, expressive face knelt down and nodded for Lila to join him as he lined up an arrow on his sophisticated bow. Her face was profoundly selfless as she watched. In a heartbeat, the oversized arrow hit the border between the red bullseye and the blue second place. Said the teenager, \"Eh? Eh? You like that?\" He maneuvered the bow across to Lila's grasp, the bulk but not the weight. She assumed an imperfect firing stance, and he hurriedly-unhurriedly corrected her. Now, in the quietness, with just a few Christmas party chuckles in the background, the crystals of snow seemed to be crackling. \"Do you see where you're aiming?\", he asked her. \"Yes\", said Lila honestly. From behind them, the farm-lady was ever-jovial, \"Just don't hit any of the cows\". The cows were milling a hundred yards away, and Lila couldn't have hit one if she tried, still the suggestion phased her for a second or two. Until she became steely-resolved - typical Lila. Marion wondered if she could feel the eyes on her. The arrow mirrored the blue-red borderline of the bullseye, impressively, just like the boy's shot. As the motion was completed, one of the younger boys told Marion the name of everyone in their family, just casually, as if explaining the elements of a Christmas board game. It occurred to him suddenly that he should offer Marion the same opportunity Lila had, and angled his bow into her hands. She hardly hid her daunted expression. In the slow-aiming gait, it was hard to tell whether the stylised metal frame was particularly heavy or particularly light. It was funny though, the coldness of the snowy air helping mould her fingers into a grasp that was firm, secure. She pulled back the bow. Among the farm workers was a man with a numb-looking face, who looked like he'd been through some kind of trauma in his life. Ray? He smiled softly as Marion aligned the tip of her arrow to the board. If even Ray was smiling, everything was right with the world. She took her shot and missed spectacularly. The arrow flashed out into the snowscape, though no one rushed to retrieve it. The boy tried to think how she might have gone wrong. \"You've got power there, but it's just a reflex thing. You've gotta fool your hands into not giving you the jitters at the last minute. Sometimes it helps if you count down from ten, but then take the shot before you get to one\". Marion remembered scowling at this suggestion. She once again drew a firm, unassailable bead on the bullseye. She thought to herself, 'Ten...' And took the shot. And made as precise a bullseye as any archer in history. Keeping her exhilarated expression under control, quite easily -she hurriedly took another arrow, made the shot, to arrive within half an inch of dislodging the last. The dream, then, didn't end as dreams normally do. There was no flustered repositioning of time and location as her emotions reached a crescendo. The rest of that funny Christmas morning played out exactly as it always had, but now in timeless highlights. The happy-argument between the farm matriarch and one of her sons about whether eating some Swiss chocolates would spoil their dinner. Their quad-bike lift back across the white expanse, Aalmesbury Cathedral in the distance, oddly simple-looking. Then there was the shared secret around their dinner table as Lila and Marion remained quiet about where they'd been. It hardly even mattered, since their own parents were so joyfully absorbed in the cooking and the serving. She idly gravitated to consciousness, not so much clinging to the warmth, rather basking in the knowledge her stressed mind had successfully managed to conjure a dream, against the odds. The warmth and the darkness secured her, then felt strangely jagged, just as jagged as folded limbs beneath a rough blanket. Juno thumped his tail from the foot of the bed. Silver daylight had crept inside to make the cabin seem bigger, certainly less confined. Peering out along the various prefabricated kinks that gave the place the illusion of a normal domestic residence, it was eerie, the hope that Norman might return at any second. She rose tentatively, ironically bird-like, did not stretch or rub her face, though there was a desperate need to. Through the smaller window beside her bed, there was still no sign of life in the big house. 08.10. She wondered when the old lady would wake and begin to wonder where her son was. Did she know he spent the night in Cabin Twelve, studying the night birds? Would she come looking, or merely grow horribly bewildered, all alone in the grand, gothic rooms? A bizarrely cosmopolitan feature of the cabin architecture was that the house-side window and wood-side window were so close together, and probably this was a custom touch for the benefit of any hikers who demanded wilderness. Marion observed Norman's workspace set beneath the old fashioned glass. As well as two or three polaroid photos of the monster owl, mid-flight, there was a lead-heavy pencil study of the creature at rest, a comparative study of his wingspan -extended, a quarter-extended, closed. The huge wing feathers and fluffy chest were everything, leaving the head itself to be sketched in a far lighter shade of pencil. But the imperious, penetrating eyes? Yes, they were black enough. In one sketch, which was obviously more a flight of fancy than something to be integrated into the final model, he'd made a close study of the driveway Christmas tree, with the huge owl gliding by in the background. There was an impression of the dark-glinting pine needles and the lights, tho the pencil was pure black-and-white... Marion drifted, scowling and tense. Set on the thin carpet was a Linn CD-radio combo with a tall stack of albums. As with so many reclusive only-children, Norman's choice of music was film soundtracks. Intriguingly, though, the selection was not only gothic but the absolute epitome of gothic; 'House of Wax', 'From Hell', 'Francis Ford Coppola's Dracula'. 'Shutter Island '. The only exception was the top-most CD in the pile, 'All Time Christmas Classics'. As once again there was a feeling of utter bleakness that she'd come into his life, at Christmas -obviously the one optimistic time he had- and disrupted everything. From her greatcoat pocket, she removed her smartphone and braved the dozen or so messages from Lila and Sam. Mihiri gave her the number for Keswick Accident and Emergency, and she dialed with a deftness that was quick and brave. Unfortunately, the ward nurse couldn't give an exact description of Norman's condition, or indeed connect her, because even now Mr Bates was in treatment with a doctor. Could this be because he was on the verge of being discharged, or was he still in danger? Again, the nurse could only recite the visiting hours, which was probably a reasonable way to deal with her. Increasingly, Marion saw herself as a monster, every trace of her, plain to see. Reference what she heard now on Norman's radio. To begin with, her attention barely fluttered over a feature about the personalised Christmas cards sent by the main political parties, the way they were all cynical points-winners for next year's general election. A cheesy family scene from the incumbents. Their traditional opponents, a snowscape walk, but with 'Christmas Wishes' typoed as ' Chrismas Wishes'. Similarly, as she woke up more and more, she only partly heard the main news stories of war, plague, Euro-hand-wringing. Then, what made her ears prick up altogether, the words 'theft', 'friends', 'forces'. There was an interview with a Weltsbury Police Chief, \" We know this money was stolen at approximately 7 PM, and very likely the thief took advantage of the large crowds to get away. We do have a suspect, whose car was found dumped almost 300 miles away in the Lake District, and we're working in close contact with the South Yorkshire Police Force to try and track this individual down. That this is such a callous, opportunistic crime, taking advantage of people's Christmas charity, is particularly unpleasant, and I want to reassure everyone that we're confident of making an arrest \". The radio was switched off as Marion numbly drifted free, down over the cabin boardwalks and across the grit of the main driveway. The frost, by now, was a funny kind of phenomenon, if anything making her footsteps more tactile and balanced. She crossed to within a few feet of the steep verge, thinking and doing nothing, mindful only that Juno was safe. Hope and foreboding cancelled each other out, she found, lost in the swishing of the small cars making their way to Keswick. If only these hypnotic little moments of freedom weren't so persistently deceptive: far out along the lakeside road, just inside her field of vision behind a scattery larch tree, an oversized Police van stubbornly waited . Marion felt her brow raise, that was all. Something made her head swivel to the Manesty-side. Where she saw two officers proceeding up the roadside path. Their closeness made her shoulders tingle with fear, while only the purest luck prevented the WPC and her everyman Constable from glancing upwards to see her. She fled. Survival mode, spontaneous and one-hundred percent trustworthy, told it would be a big mistake to return to any of the cabins, since they'd probably be the first place the Police would scour. She took the biggest strides she could to move up the lightning-shape steps to the big house, the rough intention being to hide at the rear, perhaps make a continuous orbit to avoid the officer's line of sight. In the same way her nightmare-survival-mode made these suggestions, though, a wiser nightmare-mode gave an alternative idea. She was a good person, beneath it all. If she went to the house and confessed all to Mrs Bates, the old woman couldn't help but understand and hide her. Christmas is the time for good people. She rapped the door with the huge, japanned knocker, which for all its size, only made the tiniest echoes within the confines of the downstairs floor. It was fair enough, to have to wait through super-tense increments of five and ten seconds; the cruelest tension lay in the time measured by her petrified breaths. For some reason, the Police hadn't yet drawn level with the driveway. In desperation, Marion swished across to a small window and peered inside with the hope of seeing Mrs Bates hobbling for the door. Nothing in the house was moving, not even hazes of dust on the groomed furnishments. Still struggling to make decisive choices, partly of their own volition, her hands caressed the deadlock - to find the door unlocked, and invitingly smooth on its hinges. In she slipped, Juno -reluctant to follow, only a big, smiling wave persuading him to hop across the threshold. As a child, she'd always thought it was stupid, that part of the vampire myth that told how, for all their suaveness and power, a bloodsucker has to receive permission to pass through someone's front door. At this precise moment, though, she didn't think it was stupid at all. Transcendentally bitter and tragic? Maybe God gives us an exact allotment of dignified rights and it's only those who deviate with the weirdest sins who lose those rights. Probably in an equally weird manner. Juno abandoned her, trotting away to some distant backroom that likely retained trace odors of food, or rodents, or both. \"Mrs Bates?\" The stillness, particularly on the broad-but-steep stairway, was troubling. For every square inch of purple-brown carpet, an ambience was carried -that some unutterably sophisticated horror was waiting. Marion took one step of ascent and paused. If anything, the old woman would turn out to be a perfect embodiment of extreme old age. Creased beyond any aesthetic justification, even anything found in harshest nature. Probably she'd be shockingly weak. Shockingly confused. Everything we fear and deny about old age, and everything that's inevitable. More than three quarters of the way, just before a sharp turn into the narrow gantry, Marion paused once more. On the tip of her tongue, 'Mrs Bates, hello?' Before she could open her mouth -two hi-visibility-obfuscated figures were seen to hover behind the swollen glass of the door, forcing her around a corner at speed. She hunched-up on the remainder of the staircase. A good few seconds passed while her face creased in panic. Then followed the knock, which made her crease and hand-wring all the more. The vampire that doesn't get invited in, catching fire, or having their heart explode. And - 'going into shock'. Being in some kind of sudden accident where mere psychology makes you go into shock as a physical response. It was a silly phenomenon. How many times had she been on the verge of going into shock in the past twelve hours? As if every other second of your life is a dream, and suddenly this huge, disproportionate filter descends at the very time you need to be most aware. Maybe the Police drifted away. Either way, Marion grew to an intriguing semblance of her full height and moved forward along the narrow landing. There were oldtime photos of glitzy American cities, maybe Chicago or Manhattan. There were one or two photos of Norman as a stately and bookish young man. His face was dramatically smooth, although he had the same otherworldly hope forever in his eyes. \"Mrs Bates\", Marion solemnly called. All the multitudinous doors were open in the style of a house being deliberately aired, each one giving a different glimpse of rich and colourful furnishings. Also, for a house so outwardly gothic, there was a surprising lack of antiques, only items that cleverly and frugally bordered on being antiques. Prominently, there were hampers and dressers that had so many plinthed edges they could only conjure visions of Anthony and Cleopatra's boudoir. Broad layers of gloss pastel paint guided the modest amounts of daylight up and down in sharp diagonals. No one was present in the upstairs lounge. Marion crept beside a small door that led to an artistic blue study. Even from the inches-wide crack in the door, she could see the whole place was dominated by a folded bay window that overlooked the vast openess of the valley. \"Mrs Bates?\" The figure was seated in an intent pose. The old-fashioned wheelchair strangely monolithic. She was not sleeping -somehow, Marion knew this at once. The angle of the back of her head was appreciative of everything, probably just the thing meditative Buddhists aim for. There was even a little slant in the tilt of her skull, a thoughtfulness that was profound, exacerbating always the thinness and narrowness of her body. Within ten feet, within five, there was a certainty that, motionless or not, she couldn't possibly be dead. After all that Marion had been through, no more contrivances of guilt or horror could be lined up. Surely . Yet -reaching out her hand to touch the plasticky wheelchair handle, a sixth sense refused to let her say 'Mrs Bates?' even one more time. Because yes, it would be like talking to a corpse. The motionless eyes stared through the tall window, beatifically, pragmatically. The just-parted lips perpetually whispered away some life-and-death truism, as the firm shoulders proved conclusively that every other part of her body was dramatically -lifeless. Marion wondered why she didn't scream. Perhaps -she was screaming? There was a type of limitless energy piercing through her gasping breaths, her mind- It manifested in cool, level-headed observations. A backwards step was taken. There was something artistic about the quality of the skin, particularly the soft, tactile eyelids, the way they enclosed those beautiful retinas so tenderly. Marion remembered looking at her own parent's bodies (just in case Lila had felt that one of them should, so saving her from the pressure). Just a day or two after death, their skin had looked subtly dry and sunken, even though the undertaker had no doubt done a conscientious job. Similarly, Marion had once seen some waxworks in the lobby of a luxurious hotel while repping for the bank. This wasn't a waxwork, and regardless of the diorama prop of a photo album spread wide on her knees (noted, the closer-to-latterday Norman arm in arm with his living Mother beside a tinselled Christmas tree). No waxwork in the world had fingernails so well-observed, or the deeply idiosyncratic folds of skin around the joints of the wrists. But if the strange, lifeless doppelganger wasn't a waxwork, then what? Could he, Marion wondered as she inched backwards, have taxidermised his own mother ? Light years from home, and normal life, every piece of human solidarity has to be fought for. In this way, she furiously searched for ways to excuse or absolve Norman. But first -his vaunted, zeitgeisty method of making apparently taxidermised creatures completely from scratch. Could this be the ultimate example? She guessed it would make him slightly less insane. But how on Earth would she be able to tell? God knew why her hands didn't shake, but unfaltering, Marion reached in to the figure's midriff and unbuttoned the cardigan. She unbuttoned the underlying blouse. When she traced the pseudo-skin, admittedly, her hands and shoulders quaked squeamishly. But soon the boldness was repayed; there was definitely no navel, and so Norman Bates was no body-harvesting killer after all. As suspected, the figure of the old woman was completely synthetic, albeit spinning round in a fresh whirlpool of bleak questions. Romantic love existed, for better or worse. She dimly acknowledged that love for a conventional soulmate might drive someone so desperately insane -but craziness-inducing love between a child and parent? It just didn't happen. Something was as wrong as wrong can be. 'Leave', she decided. It became as simple as that. Buttoning up the clothes, avoiding contact with the profound glass eyes, she twirled and moved away. Getting a bearing in the rich, homely space between rooms was dizzying, a neat little path between the thick creme walls and pew-colour drapings. Seeing the oversized acorn at the top of the stair rail was like seeing the flag that marks a particularly steep ski slalom. And down she rushed. The sheer proximity of one of Mrs Bates' old-time photos at the kink in the stairs abruptly mesmerised her. Just the brown sepiotone shapes, the aged glass frame. Not that she stopped moving. Superstition made it a matter of good decorum that she merely walked across the central hall, no matter how fiercely she wanted to run. It was hard to imagine what would happen next - minutes, seconds, a heartbeat away - She reached the grand front door and hesitated. Winter sun filtered. Then, darting up behind the swollen glass - Tall, clumpy, ever-recognisible in his black woolen jumper, Norman was all the more striking for the way he was consumed by nervous energy: he extended his arm to the top left of the door frame in a steep diagonal. There was probably no intention of actually trapping her -she hoped. They both moved for the knob, bringing a stinging sensation of give-and-take. In through the door he rushed. Interestingly, he looked less at Marion, more to the top of the stairs, travelling back through the agonising moments to when she'd discovered his dark secret. No, that wasn't it. The secrecy of the thing was secondary. What struck such panic into Norman's soul was that, whatever was upstairs, whatever the old woman model represented -was profound. Living, technically? No. Living in spiritual terms? To a degree where the pseudo-Mrs Bates owned the air itself, and the land, all the way out to the murky woodland. But certainly their lives. He advanced. His eyes slung around in their sockets and despairing. His puppet-arms flailed. \"No! No, no, no! No one is meant to see her!\" Marion took a few steps backwards, on thighs so utterly rigid. There was nothing to do but stare at him, and did that make her brave or just overwhelmed? He ranged his body to the bottom of the stairs, curving up his spine as if in physical pain. Thinking about Regal Coxstall and all that had gone before, there was a pattern. She had acted intuitively, stupidly -in taking the money, in thinking she could randomly sink a car in a lake. Perhaps this was an occasion to be counter -intuitive? Possibly, she thought. Something that would at least entertain the gods, win their favour. Perhaps it was even the right thing to do. She attempted to lay a palm on Norman's shoulder. He clumsily and powerfully scrambled inside her arms, the final outcome being that they were both held steady, tingling in the pose of a hideous waltz. \"It's OK! It's just... you've just been alone too long! It's OK, Norman!\" He glared at her in frustration. \"You don't understand! You think it's just some kind of -of Oedipus thing! But it's not!\" Marion tried to draw back, in as much as she was darkly enthralled by what would likely be her death. She ceased struggling -and was soon enough released anyway. Under control now, her assailant -complete, she noted, with a head bandage that made him look like a Sufi mystic- moved back towards the grand, gothic stair case. He stared up, his voice now strangely academic. \"Mrs Samworth, you don't understand-\" \"My real name is Ms. Crane. Marion\". \"I'm pleased to meet you\", Norman brought the ghost of affability. \"But you think -you think I lived alone with my mother all these years, and I'm a prisoner of -Dr Freud, and psychology, and brain-washing. You think you might be able to save me. But none of that is true. Tell me, Marion, do you know anything about quantum physics?\" Xx. \"To start with, for no other reason than to entertain myself, I became interested in the close study of neurons and the patterns of energy created in our synapses. You see, our thoughts, and memories, and perceptions -they're a hybrid of physical structures and ever-moving patterns of energy, what's called the quanta-ionic axon tree. I suppose, like everyone else who's ever looked into the subject, I was fascinated by the way the actual physical structure of our brains are altered like a railtrack according to our emotional responses; neuropeptides forcing us into actions that reinforce our pavlovian fears, our pavlovian loves. Profound implications about our ability to think straight are pretty unavoidable. You can either choose to think about it, like you're a character in a harsh science fiction film, or you can put it out of your head altogether. It probably doesn't even matter either way, to most people\". Juno trotted from the house and wagged his tail. They drifted free from the porch, as soon as Norman had gently closed the front door. Tall trees admitted much brown-grey light now, along with a food-like smell from the densities of cracked leaves. The patrolling Police were gone, though their little van, she saw, was still stupidly parked-up in the far distance. Hands roving carelessly; there was a simple, subconscious choice about the type of body language she could assume. Walking across the ruddy lane, she found that one of her hands decided to warm itself in her coat pocket while the other smoothed out the hind-quarters of her skirt. She didn't care about the Police. Fate-strange-fate would protect her as she conducted this most bizarre of conversations. \"I read up on advanced biological-physics, as a kind of second hobby besides my animal-building. It's surprising, really, how much time there was to myself, even as I had to look after my Mother and the lodge. Then, unfortunately, her health deteriorated sharply. She became bed-ridden, so I took the decision to close the lodge the better to attend her. Similarly, I was reluctant to start work on any new animals in case I was called away abruptly. And so I read, and read, and read. I mean, the internet can be a wonderful thing when it comes to absorbing raw information. I read about quantum entanglement, the fundamental and still-inexplicable way that reality is formed by the smallest energy units there are. Between nursing my mother and shopping, moving among all the ordinary people in the supermarket, I took in all the most advanced explorations about the nature of reality. \"I came upon the work of various scientists -Dr Barbara Pleiades, Stapp Von Locadour, Rick Pribram. All had much the same research, all made independently of one another and only just starting to be analysed by the scientific community. Like a zeitgeist, or a quantum leap, if you'll forgive the pun. They elaborated on a famous experiment called the Quantum Pin Hole, which has been around for decades, where units of quantum energy are projected through a network of subatomic slides. It illustrates how the final resting place can only be defined through an interaction with the mind of the observers. I mean, if it sounds uncanny, that's because it pretty much is. But it seems that just within the last few years, the experiment has been evolving. \"Dr Barbara Pleiades was the first to make a Quantum Zeno Accelerator. A closed environment mapped by a 3D photonoscope. A Quantum Particle Emitter was fired into a section of brain tissue, the ventromedial cortex, which is closely associated with consciousness. She wasn't prepared for what happened. She was actually astonished. \"It's important to say that the brain fragment was just a dead collection of cells, barely sustained in a container of aminiotics, no more than the size of your thumbnail. Yet when the Quantum Particle Emitter fired a beam into the core of neurotransmitters, the result was amazing. \"Showing up on the photonoscope monitor, the quantum blast refracted multitudinous times. What was happening was bizarre. And then the refracted beams diverged again in a coherent charge of 5-HT2, into a pattern that any doctor could recognise in a heartbeat. 167 millimetres long, always moving with correlative EEG spikes. \"The pattern of a living, thinking human brain. \"And the strangest thing is, when Dr Pleiades was bold enough to remove the physical fragment, the ambient brain continued to think , right up until the moment the firing of the pseudo-synapses became too subtle to be plotted by the photonoscope. It even became detached and moved , a few inches clear from the emitter. \"And if there can be a greater scientific discovery in the history of the world, who could ever say what it would be? Just think. Conclusive proof of -ghosts. The inevitability of the afterlife. Human consciousness able to exist independently of physical matter. If these experiments haven't yet appeared on the cover of every newspaper in the world, what editor would sanction such a story to be run, considering the basic understanding of our lives would change, so suddenly, so dramatically? Any kind of religious belief would be bolstered a hundredfold, from C of E to Jihadist. Any of the militaristic, neurotic-atheist governments, such as England's, would over-react as ever they have. Any one on the perpetual-verge of suicide... \"I was a case-in-point of how this truth would make things fall apart in pretty dramatic ways. I remember drifting around the house, and the cabins, thinking -this is it. This is the affirmation of what I've been waiting for my whole life. I imagined dying, with no more pain than the act of thinking itself, then waking up in some paradisal new dimension where guilt is a thing of the past. It's hard to say how long I drifted around the cabins thinking on what I'd just read, absent-mindedly picking up the broomstick, moving the solar-chargers, plumping pillows. \"It was around the time I'd usually go and check on Mother. I remember clearly, looking up the stairs and wondering if I should talk to her about Dr Pleiades' findings. I still hadn't reached a solid decision when I arrived at the top of the landing, though I was inclined to tell her. You know, bizarrely, for an old woman, she'd always had a keen understanding of science. \"But her room -her room was conspicuously silent, far beyond just being a room where an invalid is fast asleep. All achey and breathless, I opened the door to find, well- \"-that she had died in her sleep. \"She'd just -died! \"It's unpleasant to talk about, but I spent what must have been a very long time checking for a pulse. Which was silly because the body was cold . I cried, as you might imagine. Seemed like I might cry forever, but it actually finished in a pretty allotted period. \"And then, Marion, I heard a voice. It was as clear and as real as anything. \"' Norman. \"'Norman. I'm sorry this had to happen. And you have to believe me when I say everything is going to be alright'. \"I didn't have nearly enough courage or understanding to talk back, but I didn't need to. Mother explained everything. \"'You're a good son, and a good man, in an impossible situation. This country is dying. It has to be every man for himself, and you have to do what you must to survive. You cannot let people know that I have died. The bank loan to support the lodge is in my name. As the next recession comes, you will need my pension money, your carer allowance, everything, just in order to survive. And don't be afraid, I will be here with you'. \"'Don't be afraid', the spirit said. But obviously I was. I guess I could still operate, however. Brutally and unceremoniously, I buried her on the crest behind the house, and hauled across the big summerhouse to cover the disturbed soil. Sometimes I used Juno as a gauge of what was normal and what was troubling. He was just a pup at the time. If he wagged his tail, sat contentedly, everything was fine. If he looked upset or confused, I was upset and confused, too. It was a good way of training myself to act in a calm and measured way, ready for when I reopened the lodge. \"Time passed, and just as Mother's consciousness told me, the place barely made any profit at all. Even in peak times: no breaking even. Certainly, I did need the money which was necessitated by the world thinking she was still alive. \"Just like a cloistered child, I resumed my modelling of the animals. I couldn't bring myself to hate Dr Pleiades' research, even though it had made me into tantamount a psychopath. It gave me pleasure to think -animal spirits, so innocent, and I was able to bring them back to this gnostic dimension, just as a neat little gesture. Something gentle. \"Guests came and went. Families. French girls who were pretty, who would soon forget everything about their stay at the Bates Lodge, but how they shone in the sun. There were sparkly-eyed Americans. Proud, white-haired retirees who were all about hiking the distant mountains like Biblical nomads. It would have been a good enough life. My troubles stayed though, because often -I'd hear her voice from across an empty room. \"The pretty guests. The friendly local hikers who might just have become my personal friends, but were impossible to scan as a hundred percent trust-worthy. I heard her voice calling me, 'Norman, keep your distance!' \"And I valued my Mother's advice. Besides, mothers are over-protective. We all have to accept that. What troubled me: the guilt that I was preventing her from moving on. And so -what you saw in the house- I made it as a sort of living monument to contain her spirit. An intermediary between wishing her out of my life and being ungrateful. Because who has the right to be ungrateful, especially to someone you love? \"I spent most of the time in the cabins, and only visited the house when necessary. When guests arrived, I was jovial, charming, just as I was jovial and charming when I first met you. \"Then came that unbelievable day when Mr and Mrs Ochreman decided to take their holiday here. Like a picture of every jet-setting rich couple you ever read about in GQ or Tatler. They were speechless when they saw my animals, and if ever I was in danger of letting my skills go to my head, it was then. Did I have representation, they asked? Did I want it? Taxidermy is a vogue in LA, Mr Ochreman told me, let alone anything as progressive as bloodless taxidermy. He told me of an artist in Chicago who'd become a multi-millionaire just because Game of Thrones had made a rich market for his taxidermised crows. My own delicacy-of-touch, apparently, will make me rich. \"And living or dead, Mother was wrong to believe I couldn't survive on my own. Her spirit grew silent. As I made ready to emigrate, I could sense her receding from this place completely, making it totally empty like an ordinary house. \"And to be honest, though it may sound crazy, any problems I have left are of secondary concern. I suppose, my plan of what to do with the model of Mother -bury it on the crest beside her real, earthly remains. Perhaps it will be discovered by future owners, perhaps it won't. Perhaps the government computers will lose track of Mother's financial records, forget her existence, and they won't come after me in LA. But if they do? And I go to prison for not declaring her death, and continuing to claim her benefits? \"Obviously, it's only what I deserve\". Marion thought about this for a long time. It amazed her that she'd taken the strange story on board so easily, and didn't have to ask any questions. It was so much like the instant understanding of a complex storyline while dreaming. Small birds darted from ruddy bolt-holes in the foliage. Behind, the months-dead winter leaves scurried in a flock across the drive, all wildly separate from the motionless trees. Marion walked, and wondered. \"What if there's a way we could both escape cleanly?\" Xx. Amazing, if true, that the complexity of the human brain could be recreated from the ether, and at the same time such a simple thing as your life's course could not be predicted. This foisted kinship that was more compelling than anything she'd ever known. Hatred of horror films, hatred of science fiction films, and through it all, Marion had always been acutely embarrassed by the ones that involved actors having to spend hours and hours in the make-up seat. Was it worth it, could it ever be worth it? But ah, if the process had as much intrigue as this. As much bonhomie. They awaited the arrival of the stage-glue by express courier, almost peaceful as they meditated on whether the Christmas delivery rush would be trailing off or intensifying. When the Tuffnels lorry finally swished along the Keswick road it was a true mark of civilisation, the way such a city-centric courier just appeared in gaping wilderness. Because the wintery undergrowth and scattery mist were their allies, perhaps -when the time came to start work applying Marion's disguise, they were fearless enough to use the dinner table of Cabin One, curtains open. Christmas no time for fear, after all. Marion had read the instructions just as well Norman. Still he warned her, coolly, with his hard-earned-suave, \"They say it might burn, but it's only the bonding process, and you should only avoid it if you have eczema or dermatological conditions\". \"It can't be harsher than some of the Max Factors I've used\", she promised, and said nothing about the way her skin felt so pleasingly sunkissed whenever he angled her head. Those giant, distinguished hands in zen-like mindfulness. He smiled and started the transformation, beginning with the exacerbation of her jowls. How could she say how fascinating the process felt -lately she'd been worried that her jawline was truly starting to mark her as over-the-hill. The application of Mrs Norma Bates' wrinkles and sags, the delicate, assured touch of Norman's fingers, reassured her that underneath she was still firm, and lean, and would remain so. It was all ironical enough to carry a ring of truth. Because there was the strangest feeling, for all the climatic drama, that this might still be some kind of peaceful Christmas. Themes of homeliness would certainly be maintained; the coloured lights dangling on the great house would stay until the end, due to the fact that Norman was leaving the place fully furnished for the buyer. The small anecdotes they gave each other as he laid on the synthetic folds; they listened with just the same inexplicable concentration her parents always had for the Queen's Speech, or the fierce annual game of Trivial Pursuits. Isn't it amazing, he proposed, that an old woodsman had been found growing marijuana for gangsters, in one of the old orchards on the Threlkeld-side of Keswick? Or that a retired American Sheriff in Thirlmere had kept slaves in his fortified basement for months on end? It was profound that these dramatic things should actually happen. The winter sky was low, and massive, with illusory shafts on white sun on the distant mountains. When Marion stood in the porch, she reflected on the quality of the greyed-out dimness, the way it scrutinised the ground like high-power bifocals. Making everything in the world so easy on the eye; it could almost be called optimistic. Notwithstanding. It was time for Norman to icily proceed to the crest behind the house to bury the faux-Norma Bates alongside her real grave, then drag the wooden summerhouse en masse to conceal both graves. He insisted it would be less weird and troubling if he did it on his own, and Marion honoured this. She used the time test the durability of her old woman make-up, walking the three hundred yards along the woodland road to the nearest Royal Mail box. It seemed the crows and the blackbirds midway up in the trees all knew her secret, though their minds were too excited to be horrified. Using Second Class stamps, she posted three letters. One to Mr Brian Heitman, Chairman of Friends with the Forces UK, revealing the approximate location of their stolen collection money and asking his forgiveness. The other two letters were to Sam and Lila, and how the absolute necessity didn't alleviate her sadness at all. As she walked around the inner confines of the Bates Lodge courtyard, there was a continued sense of their newly-pragmatic thinking. For all the physical labour he was about to embark on, Norman still wore his heavy black sweater. She knew he wouldn't sweat; the man was masterfully dry, psychologically-dark insouciance even on a biological level. Of the two outhouses just across the gothic house, one was full of varnish tins and rakes. The other, to Marion's surprise, contained a first generation KA, Y-reg, grimey, but apparently still functional. Norman joined her and clenched his jaw to show that the grim work was finished. They exchanged slight, meaningful smiles. \"I'll bet this is the strangest thing you've ever had to do\", he suggested. \"Strange for me? You're talking to someone disguised to look like your dead mother. I can't begin to imagine how strange it must be for you\". As ever, the tall, black-fibred man was haunted-but-forthcoming when it came to discussing his inner life, \"I know it's you in there. There's no way in the world I could see anything else. The question is, will it be enough to fool passport control?\" \"If it goes wrong\", declared Marion, \"I should like it if we stayed in contact. I mean, in prison, as pen pals. I'm sure you write an engrossing letter, don't you? We could get to know each other properly\". Norman moved to speak, though his mouth stayed in a crack while he searched for the right words. They fled; he blushed, became emotional. Marion diplomatically took a step forward and gestured into the small garage, \"I didn't know you drove?\" \"I loathe the idea of driving, I'm pretty useless. It's actually my Mother's car. Several years ago, the police suggested she stop driving when she hit another motorist in Booth's car park. I took to the wheel, under her supervision, to drive her wherever she wanted to go\". Marion nodded, \"Maybe it would be wiser if we drove ourselves to the airport, rather than get a taxi. That way, you could touch up my disguise in some privacy, before we go to departures. I'm sure, near the airport, there's some random motor dealer who'd buy the thing\". \"Very well\", he said excitedly. \"You shouldn't-\", it was Marion's turn to gulp, \"-if at any point you change your mind...\" \"I won't\", he smiled. \"Won't you miss all this?\", Marion gestured at the tranquil fir trees, the lake, the beautifully mysterious marshland. \"Marion, all my life I've dreamed of using my art to be useful. Now it's come true, and I'm being rewarded with a new home in the LA hills, apparently one of the most elegant places on Earth. But what about you? Won't you miss England?\" Marion? Hardly needed to think. \"I'll miss it quite a lot, I suppose. But I'm not the type of woman who goes to prison. I guess lots of snooty women like me think they're not the type of women who go to prison, and then they go anyway. But not me. I'd rather die\". Xx. Rothersfield City Airport was a vast metropolitan affair, in that the motorway merged with the inner-slip-roads in a sudden wedge of service stations, motels, lighting pillars the shape of NASA machinery. There were no car dealerships in the immediate vicinity, forcing them to double back along the small, agricultural road towards Rothersfield's suburbs. This was only the first indication that they might be late. All the rest, purely psychic. Crows and blackbirds all seemed to be darting in the same direction, all too aware of the value of panic. At a small roundabout, the flow-of-traffic sign had a flickering bulb that flashed in exhausted jitters, liable to blow at any time. Late in the day though it was, the car salesman and his attendant mechanic had enough vim to breeze through the car documentation and sign the deeds with efficiency. From her wheelchair, parked at the glass frontage of the sales office, Marion watched in a combination of buzzing mindfulness and reverie. In the plate glass reflection, she saw Norma Bates staring, the nobody's fool eyelids just as aware of a crime being committed as either herself or Norman. Actually, it was easy to understand the hold she'd had on Norman. The facial sinews of synthetic skin hardly synched up with the muscles of Marion's own face, even though they were applied directly over the top. And although the layer of specialised makeup felt ridiculously thick, still the old woman's face was expressive . Around the eyes and the millimeters-upturn of an otherwise flat mouth, an unusual amount of feminine candour-nee-venom showed. And in itself just a reserve. For when fate conspired against either herself or her boy, and all the cunning in the world would be released. All anyone could do was gasp. Outside the car dealership, Norman pushed the wheelchair across the freezing concrete to a little area of fuseboxes and litter bins. It should probably feel either ridiculous or frightening. Marion felt only the nervous beating of Norman's heart, his springy, skinny arms, too. They sighted a hatchback taxi in an ad-hoc holding position on a slip-road channel. Norman parked the wheelchair at angle, so that Marion was largely facing away from the vehicle. She wondered what the hell he was doing, then realised -he was trying to prevent the driver getting a close look at her, as an extra little precaution. It was maybe sensible. What made things interesting -Norman's own behaviour was like something from a suspense movie. Second to second, he alternated from being an unusually gifted liar to being obviously, perilously afraid . Just like the question of whether Marion's disguise would hold up through passport control, it was a matter of keen interest whether the taxi driver would ID them as suspicious. Even Norman himself stood at a slight angle, subconsciously trying to obscure his own face. Likely, the driver would think they were suspicious. But hopefully not suspicious enough to report to Big Brother. \"As I said, I'm sorry to be making such a complicated fuss about it, but we need to get to Terminal Two as quickly as possible, and as close as possible, if you could. I mean, we need you to. And money is no object, which is to say, if normally you'd make your money if we have to go slowly, we have a significant amount of cash to tip you with\". Marion heard a door clunk open and shut. She turned her sculpted face as broadly as she could to see a little business man had cheekily let himself onto the backseat of the taxi even as Norman talked with the driver. He casually and shamelessly leant forward to direct the man, \"Terminal One, please, mate\". The old driver shrugged and winced as if it was all the same to him, and prepared to turn the ignition. Before the usurper could pull the door shut, however, Norman engaged him. \"Sir, don't you realise I was just arranging my journey?\" Said the fat business man, trying not to enjoy himself too much, \"You were standing three feet away, giving him your life story\". Norman said kindly, \"I'm sorry, but I was telling him where I wanted to go when you interrupted\". \"You were giving him your life story. He's a taxi-driver, not a case-worker for wierdos\". He rolled his eyes as Norman took a deep breath to respond. They argued some more, both gulping away to show that time was precious, the fat man, always, rolling his eyes to deny he was loving it. He blustered to the point where he simply didn't see the old woman carefully rising from the wheelchair. Crossing the cold ground. Pausing well inside the open car door. Marion took a measured swipe and slapped him. It was luscious, like some arching bullwhip converted to a pure, concussive sting. With comparative slowness, she made a motion to seize his collar and eject him, but he crumpled free anyway, scurried across the shiny ground. What a calculated risk that he wouldn't scramble and dislodge her face. She laid a palm at the edge of Norman's neck, in no way motherly. Norman turned back to the driver. \"Terminal Two -please\". They grappled Juno's carrier, collapsed the wheelchair and made haste. Xx. Small shops, eerily clinical though they were, soon dwindled away as they made their way to the ultimate business end of the airport. Norman: moving slowly, always full of crime-thriller calculations. Marion with one last look at a stand of oversized sunglasses, and despite their need to make good time. A pair of Versaces would be a gamble too far. Also, the act of buying them would sap her bravery in weird, subtle ways. If the security officials made her take them off, then there'd be no guarantee her moulded disguise would stay in place, or that the overall fakeness of her eyes wouldn't then be emphasised. They scanned the stark overhead queuing signs. They felt distrustful, double-thinking, the way everyone does when visiting such a sprawling airport. No Christmas decorations hung from the ceiling; this could be one last sign of approaching doom. Beyond, the ticket-redemption desk was obscured by three or four smart-clothes-wearing bodies, the queue neither deep enough to be a good hiding place or short enough to keep them alert. Maybe as a blessing, there were no reflective surfaces for Marion to agonise over. Her bones felt rangy. Long arms held curiously steady on the wheelchair handles, Norman was clearly restless also. And highly dramatic. Attempting to play it light, Marion spoke from the heart, \"Norman? You do know, everything's going to be alright? This is the time where you're finally in control, and the world starts to have faith in you. And everything's going to be fine\". \"I know\", darkly. Then, his sharp intake of breath like a blast, \"I look at these people. Their so-called-civilisation. Go to school. Go to college and university, then travel the world like Old English Colonists. Merchant and Ivory blessing Indians. I never even wanted to leave Cumbria. They had nothing to fear from me. But they had to corral me and control me all the same with their insane little economy. And now I look at them, and feel like killing them all\". Disaster, utter disaster, came when the soft-skinned man two places in front swung around. He was petrified. Should she smile at him, softly, dismissively? Under ordinary circumstances, of course. But as an old lady, the youthful-innocent-subtle air was simply not available. She stared at the man in the queue with steely, sunken eyes, willed him not to make a fuss. The man directly in front kept his back to them and his head relaxed. Perhaps he was hard-of-hearing. Perhaps he was too scared of Norman to even turn around. Either way Marion looked at his apparently-relaxed shoulders in the hope he represented a smooth ride through departures. Spitefully, as the wait protracted, the tension took hold in weird new ways. She tried to convince herself they'd make it. As conscious thought surged free from her mind. Two places clear from the boarding clerk. The man who'd been so afraid of Norman hurried away through the link, blessedly not stopping to talk to the machine-gun carrying policeman. The last man moved away, too. Asked the clerk in a chirpy voice, \"Mr and Mrs Bates, mother and son? Heading off to Los Angeles, on a Residential Emigration Visa?\" As ever, Norman with a smile, fascinatingly willing to play games with his dark self-insight, \"That is correct\". \"I see you have a dog accompanying you in the Pet Transport Hold. I believe at the LA end, the animal arrivals lounge is in the Blue Terminal, if my memory serves. But the people at LAX are very helpful, and they'll make sure you collect him in no time. I'll just make a note in your departure details, though. His name is Juno, a Silkese Terrier?\" \"A real live dog\", said Norman strangely. \"What do you think of that?\" As a matter of course, the panic drew Marion's eyes in several directions at once. They froze on the far-left side of the departure link. Their friend who had seemed so blissfully unmindful of ' I look at them, and feel like killing them all' was pointedly conversing with the police-soldier. He pointed out The Bates, an off-duty schoolteacher describing the worst area of infestation to a pest-control operative prior to fumigation. Approaching, with his hand merely cradling the machine gun, the police-soldier was oddly smooth in his strolling. It wouldn't have been more frightening if he'd brought the mightily-perforated barrel to bear directly on her head, started shouting -anything. Caught in the aura of Norman's charming grin, meanwhile, the clerk was calmly assuring them that the wheelchair would be safely stored at the end-cabin gangway aboard the plane. She spoke -and was cut-off by the zeroed-in soldier. \"Is everything alright, sir? \"Everything's alright here, I promise. Why on Earth wouldn't it be?\" Norman was the most carefree and trustworthy man in the world. Which obviously, for the soldier, was too good to be true. For Marion, the most carefree and trustworthy man in the world -ah, but he'd proven his credentials by having more than his share of darkness. More than her and more than anyone. She realised she cared about him more than anything else in the world. Her thighs tingled as she prepared to jump from the chair. On the tip of her tongue, a self-sacrificing confession that she alone was the criminal, that she'd wound him into a tight little ball of duress. All of it was consumed by her horrified, terrified gasps at what was to come. \"You're acting suspiciously, sir; there's sweat on your top lip, and your manner is a little bit shakey. I need you to step to one side\". \"I'm not acting suspiciously\". Norman partially laughed the words. It was too measured to be good-humoured, too psychologically dense to even be traditional passive-aggressive. It was a building trigger of darkness, pulled all the way back as he abruptly looked into the officer's eyes. Reference all the directness in an x-rayed skull: Norman Bates. The Man of Life and Death. The white ceiling lights scoured them all. \"Throughout my life I've had a persecution complex. But in the end, who'd be without it, Officer? Would you? If you manhandled me to the ground, would that make you feel like you've earned your place? Today we're flying to LA, to escape, and you know what the great part is, sir? I mean, you could put bullets in our physical bodies right now- \"And it still wouldn't stop us\". Xx. The fortified police car made slow progress through the ornate farmland, sometimes, Marion half-suspected, to prove to the other road users who the boss was. Fine powder was raised. Then periodically the darkness filled with super-contrast, like a child's drawing, albeit white-on-black. After a time, also, it was fascinating that the vehicle went from moment to moment without surrendering to the boyish urge to have red-lights-a-flashing. Christmas was victorious; there was a sense of post-human peace having won the day. Counter. Intuitive. Marion laughed, as small tears burned free from her eyes. She continued to laugh even when the Police cruiser turned off into a sub-valley and the irony faded. Both Norman and the bearded American cab-driver looked at her in interest. Juno, half-out of his carrying case, looked side-to-side at the streaky slants of light accompanying their morning-twilight journey. \"Norman\", she said wistfully. \"Let's not go straight to the house. Providing you're not too jetlagged, this might be a time to savour. We should get breakfast\". Norman smiled at the cab-driver, then hesitantly at his friend in sheep's clothing. \"It's funny you should mention that. Actually, I feel un- jetlagged! I'm sure Juno could eat a sausage somewhere\". The driver spoke up as if he was part of the family, \"One of the good things about LA, and the States in general -we got food places that are open 24-7. Nice food places\". They discovered a mighty, metal-structured diner on a snaking pass. Alongside the buildings was a slip road which passed all the way over the crescent into jazzy civilisation. Instead of going straight in to eat, they moved up and to the left, to a little copse of black trees. Norman stared at her profoundly as her hands ran across the heavy disguise. She shrugged a little, in much a cliché-womanly manner. \"I can't sense what I'm doing, Norman, would you-\" Not immediately, he applied the medicated make-up remover to a single kitchen towel and started to ease away the ridges and fake facial muscles. Mission: possible. Afterwards, he stared at her as if she was neither his Mother or his Lover, or in any case, able to tell them apart at a wholly transcendental level. In his hands, the sections of face looked pathetically rigid and non-skin-coloured; unconvincing. People are too wrapped up in themselves to notice the small things. \"You look just perfect again\", said Norman, and if ever there was a man less given to flirtation or bar-room-flattery, here he stood. The driver had promised that LA-proper was just over the rise, and they'd probably be able to see Curtis Heights from the top. Marion believed it. \"You know I'll be too excited to concentrate on eating until I've seen my new home. That is, if you'll still have me\". They strolled free from the copse, leaving the wheelchair and facial debris as arch-miscellaneous urban rubbish. The plan that she should pose as his PA, increasingly, was just socially-explicable cover to the idea that they might be falling in love. 'If you'll still have me', simply made Norman smile, a man buoyed steadily in an ocean of weird good luck. Juno ran on ahead. Less a road than a track, there was little fear of any traffic. The deep blackness was a mark of Hollywood luxury as much as anything. Norman told of the mountains in the Lake District, almost every one of which had a 'phantom summit' where first-time hikers were sure they'd reached the top, only to have a further twenty-minute climb across low rocky increments. The valley top of Los Angeles was apparently the same. They stalked an area of grass beside a concrete bungalow, common ground but apparently still carefully mown by -someone. All buildings were futuristic and geometrically folded into the lay of the hills. They saw illuminated swimming pools, they saw spybase-style secret openings. Most tantilising of all, they often caught glimpses of the majestic city lights. On a smooth curve they stopped to gasp at the full extent. Orange rather than white, the glittering freeway lights were crazily artistic. How they wound into the distance above peaceful night-cars, into the glitter-chip lights of distant neighbourhoods, skyscrapers that were mysteriously conventional in design, soul-shakingly beautiful with their reflective glass. Industrial buildings had an impression of sleeping and dreaming with their unassuming grain-lights twinkling. Red, green and vanilla lorry-docks could be picked out, always. Super-delicate chains of white-blue marked modest bridges and overpasses, plus the unique architecture of swish metropolitan walkways, near, distant, always ticking away with night-time-underpopulated mystery. Marion supposed she must have seen beautiful, elevated city-lights before in her life, though these were by far the most beautiful. She clutched ahold of Norman's forearm and they drew together in the cold. It was clearly a Christmas light-show for all time. X Epilogue X Bellies full, they called a further taxi to deliver them to their new home at Curtis Heights. The latest driver shamelessly inputted the 'zip-code' into his sat-nav then proceeded to talk away in a fair-dynamic chatter. Their English accents were noticed and admired, and they were both welcomed as transatlantic rarities. None of the people around Curtis Heights would thank him for saying so, the driver explained, but if Marion and Norman kept their eyes peeled, they would see film-stars. Producers and actors had developed quite a village mentality, and it was only once he'd mentioned this that the driver winced at the immigrants and wondered if they were famous. Oh well, Norman explained. He was only the person who would be making Tom Cruise and John Travolta their pseudo-taxidermised animals. The taxi-driver's words were so rich and engaging that they barely had time to psychically acknowledge the sight of their new home before he'd dropped them off and driven away. Truly, the house was spectacular, luxurious. The immediate thought could only be, 'Which film star lived here before?' Sloping down to the small welcome hall was a Grecian-tile driveway, and strolling down it should have been exhilarating. For Marion, the experience was marred. Parked at the top of the porch was a black Chrysler, very business-like. Norman explained that it probably belonged to Mr Ochreman, that he'd phoned ahead and one of his business partners had probably turned out to cheer their arrival. Except something about the heavy-set car troubled Marion intensely. Norman stared at the key in his hand, then marveled at the terracotta driveway door. He turned and smiled softly at Marion. As abruptly, from a backyard gate, a black-suited man appeared. He reacted dourly, the mastered insouciance of a cop. Marion considered running. She considered wailing in despair that they'd come so far, only to be uncovered by Interpol or the like. For sure the wail would have come except for the strangest buzzing in her eyes. It felt like weeping, invisible tears, which proceeded to roll down her cheeks to smother her jaw -at least keeping it closed. Norman, weirdly, was brave. \"Mr Bates?\" \"Yes, sir!\" \"I'm from the FBI, sir\", he held out an ID just long enough for them to dwell on it, then returned it to his breast in the gesture of a thousand TV G-Men. \"You're the new owners of this residence, is that correct?\" \"The proud new owners\", qualified the Englishman. \"We're both just in awe of the place. What can I do for you, Agent?\" He narrowed his eyes at Marion. \"Who is this?\" \"This is Ms. Marli Samwise. I have personal assistant. I'm an artist. I mean, I was starting to suspect I might be a big-shot, but now here I am in LA, talking to a real-life American FBI agent\". 'Real-lfe FBI agent'. There was something in that. The man before them was lean, with a dramatically taut face that ID'd him at once as a most traditional, hell-driven lawman. Marion wondered if his superiors only rolled him out when they needed to put the fear-of-god into a particularly stubborn dragnet. \"I'll try to take up as little of your time as possible, Mr Bates, Ms. Samwise. Is there somewhere we can talk?\" Indicating that the house was brilliantly new to him, Norman shrugged, \"I don't know, is there anywhere we can talk?\", then quickly opened the sophisticated deadlock in a swooping flourish. Calming sunlight spiked and pooled among cool shadows, between five or six inviting doors. Each led to a room that was opulent. Several even had floor-length windows facing onto hypnotic scatter-trees, luxury undreamt of except in Sunday supplements and the most hateful style magazines. The room that Norman finally decided to tip-toe inside, the meditative end of a huge kitchen. \"I suppose there's tea and coffee, but I don't know where\", said Marion helplessly. The FBI agent's manner was as dry as his skin. \"That's not necessary. What I need to talk to you about is this house. I've looked into the realtor's financial records, and this place was brought for you legitimately. Even so, that doesn't alter the fact that for over thirty years, this was home to one of the biggest fraudsters the Bureau's seen this century, with ties to a dozen high-profile anarchist groups. We've been hunting her for years and always she evades us. So hence my meeting you good people today; we need to extend our feelers as far as possible\". \"You mean\", Marion feigned shock, as if anything the Agent said could possibly be as dramatic as their escape from England, \"she could return to this house?\" The distinguished sinews and creases of the lawman's face barely changed. \"There's no evidence to say so. However, just because she might have more sense to return here, doesn't mean that this place might not hold some secret appeal for the group. If one day, while gardening, you found something buried. Maybe something under the floorboards, in the walls... \"Besides, Sir, I understand from Mr Ochreman that you're quite the celebrity artist yourself. This particular group, call them counter-cultural, are not beyond recruiting anyone who's the least bit famous. Anyone who can carry their particular brand of anarchism to the masses\". Norman had sourced a faux-crystal punch bowl and filled it with water for a parched Juno. Quite the actor when he wanted to be, he continued to flick his eyes at the little dog as he moved to where Marion and the G-Man were playing detective. \"Well, the water valves must already be switched on. Americans are considerate\". A small photo of a woman was slid across the table. \"Have you ever seen this woman?\" Norman frowned and smiled. \"No. I can't imagine any anarchists would be interested in anyone who's as mainstream as myself. I'm afraid Ms. Samworth and I, we're conformists through and through\". \"I'm sure that's to your credit, Mr Bates\", the Agent's sun-cracked crow's feet winced a little. \"But it's gotta be said that these people are masters of lateral thinking, and they use the LA foothills as their own private recruiting ground\". By now, Marion was beginning to feel interested. \"So who is this infamous anarchist leader who used to live here? You can't tell us to beware and not give us any names\". Except, perhaps he could. The glower in his thin lips spoke of Criminal X outfoxing him, again, and again -making him unaccountably surly. \"She's gone under a lot of guises, a lot of pseudonyms. She claimed to be the grand-daughter of a nineteen-twenties film producer just to sell some pro-Communist movies that her group had made themselves on 35mil silver-chroma filmstock. Her name on that occasion was Carlita Allende. She's blackmailed, stolen, embezzled. Everything, like a one-woman Baader Meinhof, only ten times as smart. Lately she ingratiated herself into the theoretical science community -if you can believe that. We figure she had just enough grasp of genius physics in order to conduct a few experiments, get herself a name among geek scientists, all in order to fleece research grants and be some kind o' new celebrity. There's a cult aspect, too. Like an Eastern mystic, she claimed to have found the root of all coincidences. Claimed to have found scientific proof of life after death\". Norman stroked Juno's belly energetically, still keeping his black eyes steady. \"What was her name during that period?\" Jeered the Agent, \"Doctor Barbara Pleiades. Not that we can confirm she ever had a real doctorate\". Stroking, gazing down through the depths of some epoch-heavy drama, \"Is there any reason this fearsome woman might try to recruit us? I mean, specifically?\" \"There's an old-fashioned power-to-the-people vibe. Or that's what she purports. Add to that the cleverness, we're all in danger. Specifically you, though, Mr Bates? No, I doubt it\". The casual movements he used to conceal his guilt, as precise and soulful as any exhibition of ergonomic yoga. Marion finally saw it broken as Norman stood tall and folded his arms. He could never be a man's man. Only now, maybe, one better. \"I appreciate what you're saying. The more sensitive you are, the easier your head gets turned. I suppose that's the very last lesson anyone has to learn in life. My trade of taxidermy -it operates on the idea that seeing is believing. There's not really any spiritual equivalent to that, is there? Except the idea of belief itself. Faith . Growing and growing until you go insane\". The Agent cringed his neck, had no time for it. \"So, on that note, I can tell you're going to keep your eyes open. My card?\" He left the business card on the table and moved to leave, shaking their hands in a casual, perfunctory jolt -reassuring. When he'd gone, Marion drew alongside Norman. \"Do you want to talk about it?\" White sunlight touched everything, at less than half power, spreading silence along the tempered glass surfaces, at odds with their winter clothes. It was a beautiful house in a beautiful city, no doubt about it. Norman flounced. \"What is there to say? I think we've already been recruited, whether we like it or not. What else could it mean?\" White and silver sunlight came, strong enough to give a proverbial outline to everything in eyeshot. Marion looked at the FBI taskforce card and pondered, before she tore it up, fed the slivers into a garbage disposal. \"The Dr Pleiades connection might be a coincidence. But then again, she might be exactly the mystic she claims to be. She set in motion a sequence of events, forcing you to face up to your guilt -and certainly freeing me from my troubles. Who's to say the difference between a cult and a legitimate new religion? I think Special Agent Doggett could easily be working for the wrong side\". CONTINUED. ","Summary":" Christmas Special 2014. 'Teenagers are unwitting victims of their parents' good intentions - or pas"},{"Movie":"Psycho","Title":"Screams in the Night","Author":"Teobi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12001275","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A scream rattles through the night. Norman, sitting at the kitchen table as is his wont, bolts upright. He runs to the front door, grabs his corduroy jacket from the coat hook and hurtles down the steps to the motel. Somewhere, an owl hoots. Crickets chirp in the long grass. Norman skids to a halt in front of the cabins. All is quiet. Twelve cabins, twelve vacancies. Despite the flashing sign, no one has accepted the invitation to stay. It's been empty all week. The cabin windows are dark eyes peering at him, questioning what he's doing in the driveway at this hour of the night. He walks slowly past each cabin, ears pricked for any strange sound. The owl hoots again. Norman decides he heard the owl. They have different calls, and sometimes they scream. His heart slows. A smile creeps across his lips, lit only by the flickering sign. He goes back to the house, admiring its stately profile against the indigo sky as he climbs the steps. Sometimes he hates the house, but on occasion he finds it beautiful, almost as beautiful as it used to be when flowers bloomed and fresh paint gleamed. When the sound of his mother's voice was a welcome thing. \"Where have you been, boy?\" Her voice is harsh and grating. He hates it, like fingernails down a chalkboard. \"Outside, mother.\" \"What on earth for?\" \"I thought I heard something. But it's all right- just an owl.\" She snorts meanly. \"What were you expecting?\" \"I don't know, mother!\" He hears his voice rise, a petulant child whining. \"A woman. I'll bet you thought it was a woman.\" Her reproving tone scratches at the inside of his mind. \"I didn't know what it was, mother! It could have been anything! An owl, a woman, burglars! Why don't you just go back to sleep and... and...\" and mind your own business! But he's afraid to say it. It only makes things worse. She starts to laugh. At first a dry giggle, then a witchlike cackle, and finally gusty chortles that make him feel three inches tall. \"You're crazy, Norman. Running around in the middle of the night, afraid of your own shadow. No wonder you need me. I don't think you'd last half a day on your own.\" Norman trudges back to the kitchen. He doesn't want to go upstairs. Her musky odor fills the top of the house, soaks into the walls, invades his nostrils with the stench of oppression. He fills the teakettle and lights the hob. He sits waiting for the water to boil while the house closes in around him. The scream rings out again, cutting through him like a knife, and his mother's laugh is no balm for his wounds. Norman pours water over a Lipton's teabag and stares into the cup as the water turns brown. There's too much outside of him, and too much inside of him, and nothing ever stops- even in the stillness of the night. There are two girls at the bottom of the swamp. He knows, because he put them there. Dead people don't scream. But living people do. Norman drinks his tea from a trembling cup. The owl hoots. His mother chuckles. Norman screams, but this time in silence. ","Summary":" A scream rattles through the night. Norman, sitting at the kitchen table as is his wont, bolts upri"},{"Movie":"Psycho","Title":"Miss Samuels","Author":"Anybodys","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10528170","Passage":"[Chapter 1] His hands were shaky, awkward, like they were holding too much to bear as they gripped her arms. \"Is this okay?\" he murmured, but it was almost missed. The sigh she released was almost pining, but there was an enthusiasm behind his anxiety. It was an untapped potential. She intended to find it. \"You're fine,\" she breathed again. His lips left burning trails down her throat. It was unavoidable that it was going to happen like this. After all, he was a lanky, dark-haired beauty, although shy. Their conversation had ended with him hesitantly staring at her lips. He was scared to offend as she draped her arms around his neck and brushed her mouth against his. \"Miss Samuels…\" he had mumbled. \"I'm Marion.\" She wasn't quite sure what she had expected from him. He was nothing more than a naïve child, dawdling as she allowed him to pull away the fabric separating them. Those dark eyes of his widened immensely as she threw the dress away and reached back for her clasp. Uncertainty ran strong in his touch as he traced his fingers down her hips, yet he swirled back up and pressed a kiss to her throat. He was so inexperienced - this had to be his first time, surely - yet she moaned to push him forward. \"Do I-\" \"Go ahead.\" He inhaled sharply, pausing for a second as they lay motionless. \"Go on, Norman.\" He sighed now. It seemed all the strength he could muster was being used up, meaning the end would come very soon. She didn't mind; not now, anyway. First thing that next morning she'd be leaving that motel without so much as a thought on her mind about that motel owner Norman something or another. Sam was waiting. Norman had waited long enough. It was different after being with Sam for however long. That brutal strength was lacking, replaced instead by a clumsy sincerity. He repressed any urge to mutter anything, but occasionally an obscenity would slip out. At times it was even her name, and he would say it over and over, trying to get used to its taste on his tongue while he sucked at her skin with slightly dry lips. She wondered how liberating it must have been for him, as his mother waited for her treacherous son in the confines of the house on the hill. Such a forbidden affair only made her arch her back further into him. She found if she moaned his name (\"Oh, Norman\") he would gain confidence, going a little bit harder, becoming a little rougher. He hardly lasted as long as she was used to, but the tired satisfaction she saw on his face was enough for her. A childish smile rested on his lips as she dragged her finger down the bridge of his nose and lingered on his lips. One of them would have to move sometime. He didn't seem willing to anytime soon. When he left her, he promised to return soon with clean sheets, quietly apologizing all the while if he disturbed her at all that evening. She reassured him it was all okay with her. He disappeared into the night, leaving her to wonder what his mother would say to him when he went back to the house. The purse with the stolen money had remained hidden from him the entire time. She checked through it again, subtracted the amount she had spent that morning, and after throwing away the evidence, stepped into the shower. Norman returned much sooner than she had thought. ","Summary":" His hands were shaky, awkward, like they were holding too much to bear as they gripped her arms. \""},{"Movie":"Psycho","Title":"Mary's Confession","Author":"ChocolateChipCookie30","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11964996","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Mary Loomis stand at the stove, fixing herself some lunch. She had no idea where Norman was, for he was gone once she got back. It felt good telling off her mother, Lila. Lila had been nothing but a bully throughout Mary's whole childhood. She would snap at her for the stupidest things. Like, if she accidentally dropped a sock on the floor while helping with the laundry. Sure, Mary loved Lila, but there were times she could not stand her. All of Mary's life, she heard nothing but Norman Bates this , Norman Bates that. Mary never knew her aunt Marion. Yes, she was sad to hear that she was brutually killed, and understood her mother's anger and pain. Sam, her father, on the other hand, kept all of his anger inside. He drank himself into an early grave. Lila had started a petition once she heard that Norman Bates would be released. She had gotten 743 signatures. That surely should have been more than enough. No. According to Lila, the courts only protected the criminals, not the victims. Mary wasn't happy about Norman's release, either. He had killed her aunt, not to mention six other people. Lila counted Sam as seven since he drank himself to death. The first night that Mary stayed with Norman, she had been a nervous wreck! He seemed nice, but Mary was still scared. What if he tried to do something to her? Just to be cautious, Mary had not only locked the door, but put a chair under the doorknob in case Norman tried to get in. She even kept a gun in her purse for protection. Norman didn't do anything the first night, and he screamed at Toomey to cut it out for bothering her. Yes, he did freak out about the note, but Norman also hated seeing Toomey messing with Mary. Mary felt guilty about placing the note on the order wheel after seeing how he reacted to it, and how he stood up for her against Toomey. Mary felt better about staying with him, but she still felt guilty that her mother was making her do this. It wasn't until Norman was locked in the attic, that Mary realized Norman was no longer a killer. A boy had been killed in the fruit cellar, and Norman had nothing to do with it since he was locked up in the attic. Mary had no idea who killed the boy, but she knew that Lila was still trying to drive Norman crazy. She had tried to reason with her mother, but Lila would have none of it. Mary knew that it was wrong what they were doing, and she refused to be a part of it anymore, and would try her hardest to put a stop to it. Norman came in, and walked up behind her. He told her that he had been at the cemetary where they dug up his mother's corpse to prove to him that his mother was dead. He then asked Mary if it was true that her and her mother, Lila had been trying to drive him crazy again. Mary sighed, not wanting to answer, but knew she better. She turned around to face him, and the look on his face nearly broke her heart. \"Sit down, Norman.\" Norman sat down at the table. Mary sat down, too. They both sat in the same chairs they sat in the first night she stayed. This was going to be one awkward conversation. Mary figured that once Norman learned the truth, he would throw her out. Well, if he did, then it would all be over. She might lose his friendship, which she now cherished, but at least Lila would leave him alone. Hopefully. \"I'm sorry, Norman. It's true. Lila is my mother. Well, step-mother, actually. She and Sam adopted me when I was two months old. Let's just say she's not the type to give hugs and kisses. My father drank himself to death. Lila never got over what you did to her sister. She vowed to make it her mission to make sure you were never released. She made me sign petitions, made me go to meetings, everything. She even bullied me into trying to drive you crazy again. I was the one who put all the dresses and things back up in your mother's bedroom. I was the one who locked you in the attic. I was the one who put the note on the order wheel at the diner. Lila is the one who has been making phone calls pretending to be your mother. I have no idea who killed that boy in the fruit cellar, but I know it wasn't you since you were in the attic. I knew it wasn't right, so I decided to stop messing with you. Lila, won't, though. I'm so sorry, Norman.\" There was a long pause. A very uncomfortable long pause. Norman didn't look angry or upset. He just sit there, staring into space, thinking about all that he just heard. Mary turned to leave, when Norman's voice stopped her. \"I understand.\" \"What?\" Norman sat up, giving Mary a reassuring smile. \"I understand. I mean, I did kill someone very close to her. It's only natural she'd want revenge. What I don't understand, however, is why she would use her child as bait. What if I wasn't rehabilitated? What if I was still crazy? What if I tried to hurt you? How would she know?\" \"Remember, she gave me the gun I used for protection last night.\" \"Oh. Still, it's an awfully big risk.\" Mary just shrugged her shoulders. Nothing with Lila ever surprised her. \"Mary? Why did you stop messing with me?\" \"Because it was wrong, Norman. Trying to drive someone insane so they'll be locked up is wrong!\" \"I did kill her sister, though.\" \"Physically, yes, mentally, no.\" Norman stood up, walked up to Mary, and gave her a reassuring pat on the arm. \"Why don't we just agree to disagree?\" With that, Mary smiled as well. \"Deal.\" \"Good.\" \"So you're not angry?\" \"Of course not. I truly am sorry, Mary, for what happened to your aunt Marion.\" \"I know, Norman. I know.\" THE END ","Summary":" Mary Loomis stand at the stove, fixing herself some lunch. She had no idea where Norman was, for he"},{"Movie":"Psycho","Title":"Windows and Doors","Author":"Teobi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11847945","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: My interest in Anthony Perkins and Psycho has been rekindled over the last week or so. I have not seen either Psycho or Psycho II in a long while, but last night I watched Psycho III. It was sleazy as all hell but a lot better than I remembered from when I first saw it. Moments of genuine fright, moments of intense dark humour, lots of creepy weirdness, Jeff Fahey was brilliant and Anthony Perkins was literally chomping at the bit to get into full flow as Norman Bates, the most sympathetic and strangely lovable all-out murderous multiple personalitied killer ever in the history of everything. How did he do it? :) This offering right here is a general Psycho fic not particularly based on any of the films. It's definitely set after Psycho II because he has Mother back. So maybe a kind of Psycho III -ish setting, with no references to any of the people or events in that movie. Idk- it's just me making up a week in Norman's life where nothing really happens. I mean, he wasn't out murdering people every single day. It was usually only when people came snooping and meddling. Anyway, for what it's worth I hope you like this story and please do leave a comment to let me know if I've made any glaring errors, which I have tried to avoid but can never be 100%, especially since I have not seen most of the films for a while. Thank you, and hope you enjoy! oOoOoOo Windows and Doors (Or: the Uneventful Week) On Monday, a lone businessman arrives at the Bates Motel. He's weary from the day, and not one for small talk. That suits Norman fine- he takes the guy's money and hands over the key to Cabin 5. He doesn't pick Cabin 5 for any particular reason, it just happens to be the first key his slender fingers pluck from the key board. The man accepts the key, goes to his room, spends an uneventful evening watching television and sleeps fairly soundly through the night. In the morning he comes to the office, refreshed, to hand back the key. He thanks Norman for the hospitality, makes an offhand remark about how quiet it is out here, climbs in his car and departs without fanfare. Norman hooks the key back on the board and thinks no more of it. If only all guests were so easy. On Tuesday, a couple arrives. The car rumbles off the highway, tires kicking up gravel, bright sunshine bouncing off the roof. Norman stands in the shade of the porch, leaning languidly against the rail. He eyes the woman with mild interest as she clambers awkwardly out of the car as though this were her first time in it. She's an effusive, giggly redhead but her partner, holding the door open for her, is plain and paunchy with a pronounced bald spot and a wonky pair of spectacles. Norman can't imagine what she sees in him, but he knows, from experience, that it takes all kinds to make a world, and that there is no accounting for taste. By the time they are ready to check in, Norman is already behind the counter, standing guard over the register. The guy's voice is a little on the high-pitched side, which irritates Norman for some reason he can't put his finger on. Meanwhile the redhead leans against the counter, beaming at Norman in what he can only describe as an inviting manner . He is taken aback by her brazen self-confidence but can only blink at her like an owl peering down from a tree. She maintains eye contact until he's forced to look away before his throat dries up completely. By the time he's gathered his wits enough to glance shyly at her through lowered eyelashes, she has already returned her undivided attention to her squeaky, bespectacled companion. After signing the register and trying to make Norman laugh with a few jokes that he doesn't find funny, the odd couple finally departs with the key for Cabin 3. Norman, his head spinning, looks down at the scrawled signatures on the page. Seeing their names, he snorts like a newborn colt. \"' Mr. and Mrs. Smith '? Do they take me for a complete fool?\" He glances out of the door with narrowed eyes, listening intently for tell-tale snippets of conversation. Perhaps he should have given them Cabin 1- but it's too late now. And besides- Norman knows his heart isn't in it. Married or not, she really isn't his type; and anyway, she's taken. Or she will be, very soon, and there are certain things even Norman doesn't want to see. He shakes his head and returns to the house, climbing the steps with affected world-weariness. If Mother chimes in with her inevitable two cents, I'll just ignore her... you see if I don't. On Wednesday morning the oddly mismatched couple come to the office to return their key. They seem strangely subdued and leave without any trace of their bright cheerfulness from the day before. This change of attitude doesn't impact in any way on Norman, who spends the day cleaning rooms, making beds, and taking out the trash. He strides from cabin to cabin, throwing windows and doors wide open. He rips the sheets off the bed in cabin 3, burying his nose deep into their sweaty folds before roughly stuffing them into the laundry hamper. Cheap, nasty perfume, just as I thought. She really would not have been worth it, even if by some miracle Mother had given me her full blessing. He gets down on his knees and scrubs bathrooms thoroughly, even the ones that haven't been used. He's scrubbed so many bathrooms in his time that he's gotten it down to a fine art. He whistles while he works, his broad shoulders and lanky frame made surprisingly compact. He folds himself right into the corners. It's easy to remove even the smallest stain, once you know what you're looking for. He scrubs and cleans and sweeps and scours until the whole place smells of lemon bleach and the sun is going down. Only then does he stop to chew some candy corn and admire his robust handiwork. If the Bates Motel right now were a ship, she would surely be fit to sail the seven seas, and then some! On Thursday morning, after a surprisingly restful sleep uninterrupted by Mother, Norman goes into town for much needed supplies. The townsfolk are polite, but a little distant- oh, they all say hello and ask him how he is, but he's awkward and jittery with them and they soon fall away, muttering distractedly. Norman doesn't mind them being a little standoffish. He fears interruptions, preferring to get things done as quickly and as efficiently as possible so that he can come home and be with... be on his own, where he's safe . Sometimes he thinks that he wouldn't get into half the trouble he does, if only people would leave him alone instead of prying into his personal business. Norman packs away his groceries (Ritz Crackers, peanut butter, a large block of cheese and a loaf of bread, two gallons of milk) and starts watching a cop show on TV. But his mind won't settle- he blanks out the wailing sirens and jarring background music and gazes out of the window at the bird table, his thoughts growing fuzzy in the afternoon heat. He's not thinking about anything much at all, when out of the blue he hears a woman laughing as if she's right there in the room with him. His heart lurches- almost stops , before he realizes it's coming from the TV. The cop show has ended and now it's some kind of comedy about women. Lots of women. Norman switches off the TV before his mother wakes up and hears all those women laughing. He clutches his pounding chest and checks his wristwatch to find that an hour and a half have gone by without him even noticing. Norman fixes himself a glass of milk and stands at the window to drink it. He hears a car pull up outside the motel, down below. He drains his glass, puts it down on the counter and rolls his head side to side to ease out the kinks in his neck. He really isn't in the mood for visitors but by the time he's finished bounding down the steps his big, cheesy motel owner's grin is firmly in place. It slips a little as he lopes around the corner past the ice machine to see a young man and an older man standing by the office door. Two men who appear to be - for want of a better phrase- all over each other ; holding hands, stroking each others' hair and looking into each others' eyes. Norman gulps. His crooked smile slips a little more and he doesn't know where to look, so he looks everywhere and nowhere, all at once. \"May I... uh... help you gentlemen?\" His voice cracks, he swallows past it. The older of the two men flashes a lazy smile. \"You sure can, friend. We'd like a room for the night.\" Norman looks from one to the other as though they are specimens under a microscope. He thinks he can smell pot, which might explain the glassy, fuzzy look in the younger man's eyes. He squirms uncomfortably. He's aware that he must look completely unprofessional, as if he's not the actual owner of the motel and is just filling in for someone. \" A room? One room? Uh... for the night ?\" The man's steady gaze makes Norman break eye contact first. \"Where are we, Echo Canyon? Yes. A room. One room. For the night, por favor.\" Norman switches to automatic pilot, opens the register, and rattles off the room rates. The man pays for the room. He makes sure to ask for a double bed, and reiterates his wishes more than once. Norman reaches for a key and notices that his fingers are shaking. Behind him, the men are talking in not so muted whispers. \"He's a pretty one, ain't he?\" \"He sure is. Beautiful eyes- if a little intense.\" \"Twitchy.\" \"Yeah... you can say that again. Twitchy. Like a baby bird that just got hatched.\" Laughter, sharp and abrupt. \"Maybe he just needs breaking in.\" Norman's fingers tighten so hard around a key that the teeth bite into his skin. It's none of my business, it's none of my business. They're most likely taking one room to save money, that's all. There's nothing funny going on, nothing untoward, or... or... Perverts is what they are! Mother! No! It's none of our business! They're a pair of perverts and you're going to let them stay at MY motel! Norman's fingers skim the key to Cabin 1. He begins fretting uncontrollably. Why would I want to give them Cabin 1? Why ?! Cabin 1 is for... is for... oh, God... The air in the office is stifling, the walls melt in and out. A wave of nausea washes over Norman while a stuffed bird in the parlor fixes him with a merciless, beady eyed glare. Everyone stares at me- everyone and everything and I hate it! I hate it! Stop staring at me, just stop it RIGHT NOW! \"Hey, pal? You okay?\" The older man reaches out a tentative hand, but Norman jerks away from it. \"Hey, easy there- we were just kidding around. We're harmless, see? We were just kidding you. We just want a room, that's all, then we'll be out of your hair. Really, pal- there's nothing to worry about.\" Norman's hand falls, trembling, to the last key on the board. Cabin 12, right down at the far end of the row. The man cocks his eyebrow, a silent question. \"It's the cleanest cabin,\" Norman tells him with a sickly smile. \"Also, it's the furthest away from the house. For privacy . That is... uh...\" His voice squeaks to a stop, and so does time. The air turns as still as one of Norman's stuffed birds. The older man smiles warmly. \"Say no more, buddy. The end one is fine.\" \"I'm sorry we make you nervous,\" the younger man adds, stifling a giggle. \"Oh, you don't make me nervous.\" Norman backpedals, feebly. \"It's not that at all . I really don't mind who stays here as long as they abide by Mo... by my rules and don't break the place up or anything.\" \"Well, you can be sure we won't do that. We'll be as quiet as church mice, right, Josh?\" The man twirls the key around on his index finger, somehow making it seem suggestive, before leaving the office with Josh. Norman's face burns like the sun as they clomp and laugh their way to the end of the boardwalk and disappear, thankfully , into Cabin 12, the last one of all, the farthest one away from the house- the farthest one away from Mother. But that night, even at the top of the house with the windows shut and the curtains drawn, Norman can still hear them laughing. He clamps his hands over his ears and buries himself deep into the corner of his room. Because it's not enough that his guests torment him, there's someone else doing it as well. Someone who never stops tormenting him. Perverts, that's what they are! Dirty, unnatural perverts! \"Mother! Ignore them. They're just a couple of paying guests who'll be gone in the morning, like all the others!\" Perverts! Sinners! SODOMIZERS! And you were going to give them Cabin 1! Are cheap whores not enough for your filthy mind? Isn't it enough that you're breaking your poor mother's heart by lusting after whores? You're an abomination, that's what you are! An abomination! You don't care about anyone but yourself! Norman puts on a record to drown out the sounds of his Mother's incessant harping. He can't tell her that times have changed because he doesn't understand it himself- he was away for too many years. He turns up the volume and pulls the pillows over his head, willing the night to be over. On the other side of the door he can still hear her babbling about sodomy. He wasn't even thinking about sodomy, but now, thanks to her, he can't get it out of his mind. Shut up, he thinks, and it's only a thought. A loud, frantic thought that he can't articulate, even though it's only two words. Shut up. Shut up! SHUT UP! Oh God, just let me make it to the end of the night without anyone getting killed... On Friday morning, Norman opens his eyes carefully. Everything is quiet, including Mother. He unfolds himself painfully, having fallen unconscious during the night. The air is brittle as he crosses the room on unsteady feet and peers nervously through the curtains. The world is still where he left it, and he breathes out in relief. Norman leaves the house and almost sidles down the steep stone steps to the motel. He's anxious, for no good reason. He knows that nothing bad happened in the night. He knows Mother better than anyone; she would have made a song and dance if she'd done away with a 'sodomizer'. He would have woken up to find her standing there, covered in blood, dripping it all over the floor, clutching that ghastly knife and wearing the insane, evil grin that scared him witless. But that never happened. She must have worn herself out calling him names over the sounds of Beethoven's Eroica until she finally fell asleep. Norman potters around in the office until he hears the men leave Cabin 12. He takes a deep, deep breath to overcome his his jangling nerves and waits behind the counter, feeling awkward and dizzy but trying to look casual and confident. The men arrive at the office, a little disheveled, wearing huge, satisfied grins. Norman's face involuntarily jerks into a lopsided grin of its own. The three men stare at each other for a frozen moment, and then all of them, Norman included, begin laughing. Out of fear, or nerves, or relief, or recognition, it doesn't really matter to Norman anymore. They are laughing, and they are still alive. \"You must think I was born yesterday,\" Norman tells them. \"And it's true, I am a little naive to some extent. But I hope I didn't put you off, and I hope you enjoyed your stay.\" \"Listen, pal...\" \"Norman. Please... call me Norman.\" \"Listen, Norman, we've stayed in some places, let me tell you. Trying to keep off the beaten track, y'know? But we can both safely say this is one of the nicest motels we've ever used.\" Norman brightens. Why, if the day isn't looking up already! \"For one, it's quiet. Apart from some old dame we heard yelling in the night. Or it could have been a cat, who knows? Anyway. It's quiet, the bed was really comfortable, the sheets were so clean, I mean, obsessively clean, but that ain't a bad thing... and the bathroom... everything worked! The toilet flushed, the shower didn't drip- sir, I salute you. You run this place by yourself?\" Norman's head pecks the air like a bird. \"Yes, uh-huh, mostly. I mean I sometimes have help, but...\" his voice trails off, weakly. \"Well, Norman, you're doing a terrific job. Who cares if you're a little jumpy? It's not a crime, right?\" \"Right.\" Norman nods. That's one thing he can agree with! The man continues. \"We're definitely going to recommend this place to others we know who might... need to stay off the beaten track , if you know what I mean.\" Norman's skin grows clammy. He knows his sickly smile has returned. It's all he can do to nod mutely as the man hands over the key to Cabin 12. He stares down at the key as though all the strange, forbidden secrets of the night are contained within it. If he looks at it long enough, he will no longer have to wonder about anything again. \"Don't look so worried, Norman! We didn't break anything or leave anything behind. No junk, no drugs or alcohol, no nasty surprises .\" The man wiggles his fingers and waggles his eyebrows, and Josh, standing behind him, goes, \" wooooooooo !\" Norman clenches the key in his fist, imprinting its shape on his palm. \"Have a safe trip,\" is all he can think of to say, and he despises himself for it. The men leave the office with cries of, we will! and, see you again some day, Norm old pal! Their car pulls out onto the old highway, and after they're gone, it falls quiet again. Norman counts the scant amount of money in the till and glances at the calendar. It's Friday, the end of the working week, but not for him. The Bates Motel stays open seven days a week- it can't afford not to. They desperately need the business, meaning every guest counts... Even if Mother doesn't always think so. Norman slumps over the open register and rakes his fingers through his hair. He yawns widely, the result of a broken, fitful night. His neck aches, his back aches, his limbs ache. Everything aches, but he's too exhausted to sleep. He rests his chin on his arms and stares out of the window, past the flapping curtain, at a hazy mountain in the distance. The mountain soothes his troubled mind, lulling him into an almost hypnotic state. Finally, after who knows how long, Norman decides to go back to the house and make himself a toasted cheese sandwich and a glass of milk. It's been an uneventful week, and he thinks he deserves a reward. ","Summary":" A/N: My interest in Anthony Perkins and Psycho has been rekindled over the last week or so. I have "},{"Movie":"Psycho","Title":"The Approaching Storm","Author":"Teobi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11854636","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: So, I am waiting for my Psycho box set (woo hoo!) and still winging it with these stories. At the end of Psycho II, Norman gets his 'mother' back. (In the most awesome way.) This fic is set shortly after that happens, and I guess a lot of it is metaphorical. Again, no direct connection to the movies and no mention of any other characters, just a little story about Norman and his mother. x oOoOoOo The Approaching Storm Norman couldn't remember a time when the horizon wasn't blurred, not much of a distinction between things that were solid and things that were not. The weather out here was mostly fair and often good, but now and again an angry sky would obliterate the horizon altogether. Then the rain would drip, drip, drip down the window pane while Norman lay in bed, watery shadows tangling through his eyelashes, running in black tears down his cheeks. Those were long, empty nights, dirty nights, when Norman questioned the existence of everything. Today though, it was dry. There was a line of cloud buckled against the hills, but nothing to worry about. Norman rubbed a smudge on the window before realizing it was on the outside of the glass. He wondered if perhaps a bird had flown into it by accident. He resolved to check the ground outside as soon as possible; there was no sense in wasting a good bird if there was one lying around just waiting to shrivel and rot. \"It's a beautiful day, Mother.\" He spoke in a voice low and gentle, giving her time to respond. After a moment, he glanced sideways. \"I said, it's a beautiful day, Mother.\" There was an irritated sigh, and then a croaky voice. \"I heard you the first time, Norman.\" Norman turned away from the window and crossed to the side of the bed, a bed that seemed far too big for the tiny frame huddled under the blankets. He leaned over his mother, teasing her with the sunny smile of a devoted son. \"I knew you were awake.\" \"Pah- of course you did.\" A brittle pause, and then, \"Well? Aren't you going to say 'Good Morning'?\" He bent over and pressed a kiss to her head, his lips brushing through coarse, dry hair. \"Good morning, Mother. I hope you slept well.\" \"No, I didn't sleep well. My neck hurts, the pillows are too high.\" Her tone of voice changed, became girlish and pleading. \"Won't you fix them for me, Norman?\" The pillows looked all right to him, but he wasn't going to argue with her. He perched his lanky frame on the edge of the bed and plumped the pillows. Her head lolled to the side and he gently straightened it. After the pillows were fixed, Norman fanned her hair onto them like a halo. It was shorter now, because she was old, but she was still beautiful. So beautiful that he could almost forgive her for everything. \"Is that better for you?\" he asked solicitously. \"Much better,\" she purred. \"Oh, Norman, where would I be without you?\" Norman felt proud, as he always did, on the rare occasions that he pleased his mother. He looked down at her face, at her angelic expression, and even though he should have seen it coming, he pressed on with his next request. \"Is there anything else I can do?\" \"Yes,\" she said, briskly. \"You can clean that window properly. This place is falling apart!\" Norman's heart sank, a dead bird falling to the bottom of the cage. He should have remembered what she was like. He should never have agreed to fix the pillows because she always took advantage of his eagerness to please. In a fit of pique, he bunched his fist and thumped it down on the mattress. The bed shook and Mother's head rolled to the side, but this time he didn't touch her. \"Nothing gets past you, does it? The tiniest mark on the window, and you think it's the end of the world!\" She flashed her eyes in triumph. \"You haven't changed a bit.\" His jaw muscles tensed. \"I was hoping you would have.\" \"Me? There was never anything wrong with me .\" With uncharacteristic boldness, perhaps from all those years he spent away, Norman got up from the bed and stood almost threateningly over her with his arms folded across his chest. \"There was plenty wrong with you, Mother. But I think we've fixed that, now.\" \"Don't be so sure,\" she murmured, a hideously girlish sing-song. \" I've always been perfectly fine. You were the broken one, Norman. You always were.\" Norman's eyes glittered. \"You can say what you like, but I'm not going to take it like I used to. I'm different now- I'm not a pushover anymore.\" She gazed up at him, but her expression was unreadable. \"Don't get fancy ideas, Norman. You may be a grown man, but you're still my son- my snot nosed baby. And while you live in my house, you abide by my rules. That was always the way, and that will never be different.\" Norman clenched his fists, knowing he'd lost. He headed for the door without looking at her. \"Where are you going?\" she wheedled. He closed his fist around the door handle, fighting the urge to turn around. \"I'm going downstairs to fix breakfast.\" \"I want to sit by the window,\" she pleaded. \"Put me by the window, Norman- and then you can do whatever you like.\" Without a word or even a sigh, Norman returned to the bed and scooped her up. She hung limp in his arms, filling his nose with a dry, ancient odor, like mothballs or the inside of a tomb. He sat her down in the old familiar armchair, arranged her limbs carefully and wrapped a shawl around her bony shoulders. \"You're so thin,\" he observed. \"You should eat more. Let me fix you breakfast.\" \"No thanks,\" she said, curtly. \"I don't trust you.\" Again, that awful feeling in his heart. \"But, Mother- \" \"But no , Norman. Don't fuss over me, I don't want anything.\" \"Some tea, perhaps?\" He persisted, knowing that he shouldn't. She snorted loudly. \"I've had my fill of tea from you, young man. That's all you do is give me tea, and it always tastes funny.\" \"I'm only trying to help,\" he cried. \"All I ever did was try to help, to make things easier for you!\" \"Well you didn't make things easier, and I don't need your help- I never did and I never will. As long as I can sit here and watch the motel, I have everything I need.\" Norman stood behind his mother, gripping the back of her chair 'til his knuckles turned white. He focused on the horizon, trying to find the line that had always defied him, eluded him, teased him. But Norman had looked all his life, and nothing had ever become less blurred. He wondered if he was afraid of seeing- had always been afraid of seeing, something so sharp that it might cut him. The little smudge on the window that had barely bothered him now loomed large, a ghastly stain. It shamed him; how could he leave it like that? Mother was right- this place was falling apart. He must resolve to do better! He let go of the chair and began slinking backwards. \"I'll clean that glass,\" he said dully, all too aware that he'd surrendered with hardly a fight. \"As soon I've eaten breakfast and cleaned the kitchen.\" \"See that you do,\" she replied, her eyes never moving from the window. \"Oh, and Norman?\" He had almost, but not quite, made it to the door; his fingers twitching nervously towards the handle. \"Yes, Mother?\" \"Batten down the hatches. There's a storm coming.\" Without another word, Norman wrenched the door open and hurtled down the stairs. He couldn't understand it- they had both been looking out of the same window and yet she had seen all that he had missed. It frightened him now as much as it had ever done, the way she observed everything with perfect clarity. He was so sure the sky had looked clear enough that morning, but somehow the clouds had advanced without him knowing. He considered the possibility that she had made a mistake, if it were ever possible that she could do such a thing, but as he reached the bottom of the staircase and hit the hallway running, he could already hear the distant growl of thunder. ","Summary":" A/N: So, I am waiting for my Psycho box set (woo hoo!) and still winging it with these stories. At "},{"Movie":"Dracula Untold","Title":"Forwardness","Author":"LittleTortillaDaddy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12910391","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I claim no ownership over 'Dracula Untold' nor am I profiting from this. Pairing(s): Mina Murray/Vlad Tepes. Warning(s): none. Word Count: 100. Her co-workers no longer giggle and tease over the anonymous flowers which arrive monthly and usually with a poem. A few male students seem disgusted by the whole thing and others appear genuinely curious over who this secret admirer is. Meena pushes cafeteria spaghetti around a soggy plate. Her neighbor is married and has a severe flower allergy. In fact, her constant deliveries have him more than a bit peeved. Its doubtful a florist would waste their product when their only payment is a possible date? \"I like forwardness,\" she murmurs to no one. \"I could use forwardness with flowers, admirer.\" ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I claim no ownership over 'Dracula Untold' nor am I profiting from this. Pairing(s): Mi"},{"Movie":"Dracula Untold","Title":"Roses in the Garden","Author":"Sha Sha Bella","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12864815","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Mirena's Point of View I was in the middle of the garden, picking red roses for tomorrow's Easter feast. My head covered by my blue hooded cloak. I held a pair of scissors to cut off the roses and putting them inside a basket. I turned to see if anyone was there. As I thought no one was there I continued to cutting off roses. And which I heard a footstep, it was Vlad. But I didn't bother to see him, I was busy cutting off the roses and placed them inside the basket. I felt him beside me, he knelt at the ground in front of me. '' Are those roses for your loving husband? '' He said as he giggled unto my ears. I let out a small grin. '' These are for tomorrow's Easter feast. '' I spoke calmly as I continued and he touched my cheek. '' Are there enough for me then? '' He said leaning closer and closer to me. Of course, he was my husband. '' Well that depends if I give one. '' And I stopped. He kisses my lips and seductively, we laughed as we fell together on the bushes and grass. As he kissed me passionately over and over. By then not long we were interrupted as Dumitru walked in and I stopped. '' Vlad... '' I spoke to him as he still laid there and holding my arms. I quickly rose up and cleaned getting rid off the leaves and and dirt on my dress. '' My Lord, I inform you that the ball is ready for tomorrow. '' He said seeing us. '' Well thank you for that, Dumitru. '' I thanked him. '' I'm sorry, Milady. I might be intruding your privacy.'' He was sorry. ''No need Dumitru, I was just... leaving.' ' I picked up the basket with the roses already inside it. And soon I left. Vlad's Point of View I stood up as I ruined by the moment when we kissed. '' You really have ruined the moment there, Dumitru.'' I acted as if I was angered. And Dumitru let out a small laugh. As I ordered him to carry on. He bowed his head and left with a slight of grin on his face. And I stayed here as I thought about the moment when Mirena and I kissed. I chuckled as a thought of that memory. ","Summary":" Mirena's Point of View I was in the middle of the garden, picking red roses for tomorrow's Easter f"},{"Movie":"Dracula Untold","Title":"Where My Demons Hide","Author":"Outsiders Obsessor","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13223524","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Where My Demons Hide Disclaimer: I do not own any of the canon characters; they belong originally to Bram Stoker and in this adaptation to Gary Shore and Universal Pictures. Based on the drabble prompt: \" Are you sure that's the decision you want to make?\" Word Count: 200 \"Are you sure that's the decision you want to make?\" Mirena inquires, a hint of desperation in her voice. \"Vlad, you don't have to-\" Vlad simply presses the pair of pliers into his wife's pale hands. He tries to ignore the pulsing of her blood in her thin wrist. \"Yes,\" he gruffly answers, eyes clouded in guilt. \"Mirena, I terrified Ingeras. I was so caught up in both lust and greed I nearly killed you. Please, my darling,\" Vlad begs, anguish in his voice and pain present in his eyes. \"Rid me of these accursed fangs,\" he pleads, and Mirena begins to weep softly. \"Oh, Vlad,\" she whispers, the pliers feeling as heavy as a sword in her hands. \"I love you. Please do not think you must punish yourself. God will know you became a vampire to save our son from the same fate you suffered.\" \"I can't hurt anyone again!\" Vlad roars, slamming his fist against the wooden table, splintering it into fragments. \"As long as I have them, I will commit terrible deeds.\" Mirena takes a shaky breath before securing the pliers. His body stiffens, but Vlad does not scream. He knows he deserves this searing pain. Author's Note: And there it is! My first Dracula Untold story is published! I watched this movie for the first time last May after my International Baccalaureate exams because I fell in love with Luke Evans and his acting style after watching Beauty and the Beast. To me, Dracula Untold is an absolutely beautiful and amazing movie; Vlad's relationships with Mirena, Ingeras, and even Mehmed were enthralling and helped make the plot even more impactful and wonderful! Anyway, I saw a few days ago that March is typically drabble month, and so I decided to take up the March drabble challenge and write as many double drabbles as I can for each day of March! My goal is to have one for all 31 days. I have wanted to write for this fandom for a while, and, thus, this piece was born! As always, reviews are greatly appreciated. Have an amazing day, afternoon, or night, my dear readers! Until next time! ","Summary":" Where My Demons Hide Disclaimer: I do not own any of the canon characters; they belong originally t"},{"Movie":"Dracula Untold","Title":"Brighter than the stars of heaven","Author":"116788","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12784627","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The beauty of a woman. The beauty of a woman is not in the clothes that she wears, but in her rythm and her grace and the way that she cares. The beauty of a woman must be seen from her eyes, cause that's the doorway to her heart and the place where love resides. The beauty of a woman is the passion that she shows, that with each passing year, only ever grows. [Original poem by Audrey Hepburn.] The sky was grey and roared with anger as Vlad desperately tried to reach for her. It was as if the entire world knew and shared the burning fire in his chest, the burning sensation of hope. Hoping he would be able to save her. But she was falling down from the high tower in a threatening rapid speed and he could not reach her. Vlad cursed under his breath as he stretched out his hand and flew with inhuman speed after his beloved. He refused to accept her fate, he refused to accept her defeat. There was a certain look on her face when their eyes met. She did not look frightened, or sad. She looked at him with such wonder, for his loyalty to her, for his bravery, for what he did to save his people, to save her. Vlad stared into the deep pools of gold honey that were her irises. He thought of their first night together and how she had given him the same look as now. A look of total surrender. She had been so afraid of him and what he would do to her, back then. He thought of the moment they had first interacted with each other. He had been an agressive and regular drinking broken man, and she had been coy but was born with a tongue sharper than his best sword. Needless to say it was nothing less than disasterous. But they were soulmates, and they had grown to love each other with each passing year. She had taught him how to be humble, and in return he had taught her how to be brave. Over the years, they had started to bond so closely that their souls had become inseperable. Unable to live without the other by their side. Those precious years with her, had turned his world upside down. Years of pure bliss and wonder and where he felt that all was well and he didn't have a single worry in the world as long as she was there. He could not bear the thought of losing her now, when he needed her most than ever. She had been the cure that healed his wounds when his heart had been so blackened by anger and hatred for the world. She had soothed his soul and even had managed to bring out a more playful side of him. The boyish side he once had but had lost far too quickly because the world was cruel to those with a softer nature than others. They were still falling, the ground seemed to willingly wanting to swallow his precious wife. He stretched his hand out even further and tried to reach even the smallest part of her, her hair, her finger, something that would help him secure her life. But she was out of reach. Frustrated, he released a growl that let the beast inside of him take charge. His facial features changed, his eyes became narrow and glowed yellow. His skin became leathery dark and finally his fangs grew out. Vlad growled again, not aware that he had fully transitioned into his vampire mode. Mirena saw him changing in front of her eyes but she wasn't afraid of him. She had seen him worse than this when he was still human. He would always be her Vlad and his vampire physique did not bother her. Vlad was so focused on saving Mirena that he barely registered her grunt as she crashed onto the earth with a sickening thud. He immediately caught the wind under his wings and his cape, and was able to land much more smoothly, which pained him to the core that his wife had not been able to. Quickly but carefully, he hurdled her broken form into his lap amd craddled her like a mother craddles her new born baby. She moaned and cried out in pain, tears dripping from the corners of her eyes. \"My love...\" She whispered as Vlad checked her body for injuries. He would not and could not accept that this was her end. He saw no physical injuries but knew from the blood dripping out of the corners of her mouth, that it had to be internally. He carefully supported her neck as she managed to bring her hand up to his cheek to stroke him one last time. \"Leave me here.\" She gurgled. \"Our son, our people need you.\" But Vlad shook his head and refused to leave her side. He gripped her hand and pushed it against his face, trying to feel every fiber and every living and still breathing cell of hers in this critical moment. He breathed her womanly scent in deeply. She smelled like a fresh pine forest, like the grass after a long day of rain, like the sky during a heavy snowfall, and like his wife whom he loved more than he loved himself. But I need you... \"Vlad, let me go.\" He started crying. Something he had lastly done when their son had been born. \"I can't live without you.\" \"You can. And you must.\" A tear fell from her eye. \"My life ends right here, yours not .\" His cries made Mirena revive for a moment somehow. She managed to shift in his lap and shook her head. \"No, you mustn't give up! For the sake of our son!\" He couldn't bring out a word and only kept staring at her beaten yet still beautiful face. \"Vlad...\" She grunted as an idea came to her mind. Unable to speak due to inmense pain on her chest, she simply tilted her head backwards and showed him her elegant neck. Feed on me. His breathing quickened as his senses were suddenly heighted at this sight. He could hear the weak beating of her heart. Having to have suppressed his ever growing thirst for days, her offer sounded more inviting each second. But she was his soulmate and the mother of his son. And so he desperately tried to search for a different way to safe her. \"I could never,\" he heard himself say, yet he could feel his fangs grow out of their hiding places once more. I could never hurt you. She tugged at his arm as her breath started to become more laboured. Do it for your people. But Vlad didn't care about his people right now, he wasn't married to them. His soulmate was right in front of him, sacrificing herself for others. Something he never wanted for her. She didn't deserve to become a human sacrifice. He glanced at her bared neck and noticed the pulse under the skin. It looked so inviting. The soft, ivory skin, The warmth of the blood flowing through her veins. The sweetness of her pure and sincere soul. His vampire self begged him to feed on her clean and youthful blood but his human heart pleaded him not to kill the love of his life. She whimpered and swallowed thickly. Vlad hated to see her so hurt, so broken. But eventhough she knew her life was over, her eyes still shone brighter than the stars of the heavens. Because she would always live, in the hearts of those who loved her. And that thought made her soul find peace and acceptance. Vlad was in agony. His hunger for blood started to cloud his mind and made his vision blurred. Still, he could see his beautiful wife in front of him. He couldn't contain the beast inside of him any longer. He had to drink, he knew. And he had to save their son. Their beautiful son, his only reminder of his beautiful wife. He could not lose Ingeras as well. Driven by this thought, Vlad bent down. Mirena encouraged him by smiling and closing her eyes. He recognised the soft dip from her collarbones to the beginning of her neck, it was his favourite spot on her entire body. Whenever they were making love, he used to nibble on it, kiss it and nuzzle his face in it. She was so sensitive there and he loved her to the stars and back for it. His is heart almost exploded in his chest when his vampire senses smelled and heard her blood race through the veins, that laid under the thin skin. Everything he sensed was hightened through his vampire blood and his resistance of feeding on her slowly became unbearable to him. Beneath him, Mirena whimpered which brought him back to her and their sad situation. He stared longingly at her cracked porcelain face and gave in. Mirena accepted her fate and tried to relax while she waited for his teeth to be sunken into her flesh. Instead, he planted a long and passionate kiss on her full lips, momentarily throwing her off but then she eagerly kissed him back. They both savoured this pure and tender moment. Taking in each other's love with their entire beings and both trying to trick Time, so that they could spend longer in embrace. She opened her eyes and looked at the windows of his soul. Do it for our son... Vlad cursed the day he went up Broken Tooth. He cursed the being that made him into this monster. He cursed the Turks for having kidnapped him when he was only a boy. And he cursed his father for giving him away. But above all, he cursed himself for having not been able to save his love from the grasp of Death. Mirena gripped his arm tightly. She was ready. ...a nd do it for me. He smiled through his tears. With an animalistic howl into the sky, Vlad finay gave into his thirst. \"Gorgeous.\" Startled, she looked up from her kneeled position to where the voice had come from. Her view was partly blocked because she was wearing a sky blue cloak and she had the cap pulled over her head in an attempt to gain some privacy. \"The roses, madam.\" He simply explained and stepped into view. The handsome man sat down next to her on the soft summer grass. While he reached his hand for the flowers, his fingers brushed over hers, sending small jolts of electricity up his spin e. \"Are they... for your husband?\" He played with her delicate fingers and very much liked the feeling of her tender, ivory skin. She brought up a rose to her nose and let its sweet scent fill up her nose. She smiled broadly when she thought of her handsome and loyal husband. \"Yes they are.\" He moved closer towards her and softly pulled the cap off of her head, revealing her long locks of golden hair that shone brightly in the sun. He admired the intricate braid and played with the few loose strands that complimented her heart shaped face. \"Then, he is a very lucky man.\" The sun shone brightly upon them as they sat in the garden, admiring each other's beauty. Here, among the rose bushes and apple trees, they had created their own little sanctuary, their piece of heaven. \"He is indeed.\" She whispered while their noses met and danced around each other. He slowly placed his lips on hers. Their kiss was a passionate one, heated with their undying love and desire. His hand travelled to the small of her back and he gently pushed her down into the grass that softly tickled her neck. She moaned when he started kissing her all over, nibbling in the crook of her neck and on her earlobe. She pulled him back up to meet his oak brown eyes. They were dark, sincere and fierce. He had been through so much, yet whenever they were together, his eyes glistened with pure joy. Here he was able to fully relax and be at peace. And it was those moments, she cherished the most. \"Vlad,\" she cupped his face lovingly with both of her hands, feeling his rough stubble scratch gently against her palms. \"You're gonna have to save some of your love, from now on.\" Not understanding what she mean, he just chuckled and nuzzled into her neck again. \"For whom,\" he laughed. She gently took his hand, kissed his rough knuckles and then placed it on her stomach. \"For your child...\" It was as if the earth had gone quiet all together to watch the two of them, lying in the grass. One soul in two bodies and two lovers making one. Vlad looked at his hand on her stomach that was still flat but would soon grow bigger for the sake of their child. He blinked a couple of times and tried to process what she had just told him and it made him love her even more. \"I'm pregnant, my love.\" She said while smiling broadly, showing her perfectly white teeth. He sat up, not knowing how to respond. He then jumped up high into the sky and laughed out loud. He ran around the field, making her laugh. After he had shouted to the whole world multiple times that he was going to be a father, he ran back to his wife, scooped her up into his arms and danced while overwhelming her with kisses. \"Mirena, my gorgeous bride!\" Later that night, when they both laid worn out in bed and after a day of celebrating with the castle staff and the villagers, Vlad once again bombarded his wife with quick love kisses. He still could not believe that he was going to have a little boy or girl running around in a few months. Under the covers, he laid his hand on her bare stomach and started loving really hard with every fiber of his body so the growing child would feel it down there. He stared into Mirena's bright and gentle eyes and wished the day would never end. \"Time is always too short for those who need it, but for those who love, it lasts forever.\" He recited their favourite poem. She smiled her signature lopsided grin as she pulled the both of them under the covers. ","Summary":" The beauty of a woman. The beauty of a woman is not in the clothes that she wears, but in her rythm"},{"Movie":"Dracula Untold","Title":"Los Hermanos Drácula","Author":"Michelg22702","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12542785","Passage":"[Chapter 1] - NOTA DEL AUTOR: este fanfic esta basado en uno que iso \"AssassinNovice72\" de dracula untold, su fanfic se llama \"The Story Left Untold\", lo dejo hay por si lo quieren leer. Los personajes tampoco me pertenecen, excepto la hermosa princesa Scarlette, que por cierto creo que tiene algo de parecido a \"Lady Lola de la serie Reign\", digo yo no lo se, ustedes me dirán si es verdad. Pero bueno, sin mas que añadir. LOS HERMANOS DRÁCULA. CAPITULO 1. - Todo empezó un dia, durante el matrimonio del príncipe Vladimir II de Transilvania, y la princesa Scarlatta I de Hungría, un matrimonio arreglado para fortalecer ambos países, y combatir a un enemigo en común, el ejercito Otomano, Turquía. - Se que no es lo que estabas esperando, pero te juro Scarlatta, que es necesario. Dijo el rey de Hungría al caminar por el pasillo para entregar a su hija. - Se!, que es necesario, el también lo sabe, todos aquí lo saben. Espeto la princesa. - No entiendo por que estas molesta, para esto fuiste criada. - Podríamos ya, no hablar de esto. Dijo ella, y llego al altar. - Príncipe Vladimir II Tepes, ¿acepta a esta mujer como esposa?. Pregunto el padre. - La acepto. Respondió el príncipe. - Y usted, princesa Scarlatta de Hungría, ¿acepta a este hombre como su esposo?. - Lo acepto. Respondió la princesa. - Entonces yo los declaro, marido y mujer, puede besar a la novia. Se besaron terminando con la ceremonia. - Se dijo, que para concluir con la unión entre ambos reinos, ellos debían tener al menos un hijo, y en su lugar, tuvieron dos, Vlad III Tepes, fue el mayor, y Scarlatta II Tepes, fue la segunda, el nacimiento de sus hijos, iso que el príncipe y la princesa, se hicieran amigos, incluso que llegaran a encariñarse, el uno con el otro, todo era perfecto, pero un dia… - La familia real estaba celebrando su doceava fiesta de pascua. - Los gemelos estaban sentados en la primera mesa con los demás niños, Vlad hablaba con todos los niños de su edad al mismo tiempo, mientras que Scarlette estaba callada al lado de su hermano. - Un niño de cabello rubio y ojos claros la noto, se levanto de donde estaba y se sentó a su lado. - Por que no hablas con nadie?. Pregunto el niño con voz grave para su edad. - Mi madre dice, que no es muy apropiado que una princesa alce la voz. Respondió la niña. - Eso es muy tonto, puedes hablar con quien quieras, habla conmigo. Le dijo el niño. - De acuerdo, ¿Cómo te llamas?. - Soy Dimitru. Dijo el niño extendiendo su mano. - Scarlatta, pero puedes decirme Scarlette. Respondió la niña. - Vlad hablaba con todos los niños, mientras que Scarlette seguía hablando con Dimitru. - Scarlatta se acerco al oído de Vladimir. - Míralos. Le dijo ella. El príncipe volteo hacia los niños, los veía conversando y conviviendo con los demás. - Son iguales a su madre. Le dijo el. Todo iba bien, hasta que… - Los Turcos abrieron el gran portón entrando a la sala, todos se los quedaron viendo. - Príncipe Vlad, que gusto volver a verlo. Dijo Hans Abey, el padre de Hamza Bey. - Hans Abey, digo lo mismo. Dijo Vladimir levantándose de la silla. - El sultán Mehmed I le envía saludos a usted, su esposa e hijos. - Gracias, ¿Qué lo trae por aquí?. Dijo Vladimir con miedo a su respuesta. - Como sabrá, tenemos ciertas…filas vacías dentro de nuestro ejercito, y requerimos mil niños, incluyendo a sus dos hijos, para cubrir esas filas. Dijo Hans y todos en la sala se alarmaron. Los niños miraban a sus padres. - A ambos?. Pregunto Vladimir. - Su hijo…y su hija si. Afirmo Hans sonriendo. - Pero ella es una niña, ¿de que les serviría una niña en su ejercito?. Espeto Vladimir. - Creo que pronto lo averiguaremos, sabe las consecuencias si no lo hace príncipe, depende de usted. Dijo Hans Abey, y tan pronto como los Turcos llegaron se fueron. - No podemos aceptar, son nuestros hijos. Dijo la princesa Scarlatta. - Lo se, pero ¿Qué opción tenemos?, si no lo hago, mataran a todos en el reino. Dijo Vladimir. - Pero por que a Scarlette?, entiendo que quieran llevarse a Vlad, ellos siempre se llevan al primogénito varón de cada reino alrededor de Turquía, pero ¿Por qué querrían a Scarlette?, de que les puede servir?, una niña jamas sobreviviría a su entrenamiento, mucho menos a un verdadero campo de batalla. Dijo Scarlatta sin darse cuenta de que Scarlette escuchaba detrás de la puerta. - No podemos enviarla. Espeto la princesa. - Debemos hacerlo, si no, el reino pagara por ese error. Dijo el príncipe. Scarlette decidió ser valiente, y salió de detrás de la puerta. - Yo quiero ir. Dijo Scarlette a sus padres. - Scarlette. Dijo su madre. - No abandonare a mi hermano, a donde el valla, yo iré con el. Afirmo Scarlette. - El príncipe miro a su esposa – no – le dijo ella. Vladimir miro a Scarlette, quien lo miraba con firmeza. - Estas segura de que quieres ir?. Inicio Vlad. - Vladimir no!. Defendió la princesa. - Una vez que vallas, ya no podrás regresar hasta que termine. Dijo Vlad. - Estoy segura. Dijo Scarlette. - Vladmimir II envió a sus ambos hijos con los Turcos, y trajo a la madre de los niños con el, los Turcos losestaban montando en sus caballos, cuando Scarlette recordó que había olvidado despedirse de su madre, así que quiso correr hasta ella y abrazarla. - Mama!. Grito la niña. Pero uno de los Turcos la detuvo y la golpeo. - Quédate quieta. Le dijo el Turco. - Alto!. Gracias a eso, el príncipe Vlad cometió el error de enfrentarse a los Turcos, pero Hans Abey, detuvo su espada, y le clavo la suya en la garganta atravesando su cabeza, el príncipe de inmediato callo muerto. - Papa!. Grito Scarlette. - NOOOO!. La princesa Scarlatta corrió y empezó a llorar sobre el cuerpo de su esposo, pero los Turcos la apartaron, y se la llevaron a ella, y a los niños. - Scarlette, Vlad y su madre, fueron llevados a conocer al sultán Mehme su hijo Mehmed II. - El sultán sabia que su hijo, no dejaría pasar una cara tan hermosa como la que tenia la princesa Scarlette, así que mando a los niños y a su hijo al campo de batalla, y encerro a la princesa Scarlatta en su calabozo. Esa noche, el sultán visito a la madre de los gemelos, para revelarle el verdadero motivo de por que su hija estaba allí, una alianza de matrimonio, entre Turquía y Transilvania, a través de su heredero el futuro sultán de Turquía, y la futura prncesa de Transilvania. La princesa Scarlatta sabia que su hija sufriría como reina de los Turcos, aun mas de lo que sufriría como uno de sus soldados, así que se opuso a esa unión, escupiendo en la cara del sultán. - El sultán la mantuvo días en esa cárcel, y una semana después, regreso a hacerle la misma oferta, pero ella le dijo que preferiría morir antes que ver a su hija como esclava de un cruel amo. El sultán… cumplió su último deseo. - Esa misma tarde, el sultán ordeno que todos los niños fueran llevados a la plaza, para ver su primera ejecución, cuando los gemelos vieron al condenado caminar, enseguida notaron que era su madre. - Mama!. ¡madre no!. Ellos trataron de ir con ella, pero los guardias no se lo permitieron. - Frente a mis hijos no!, ¡frente a mis hijos no!. Gritaba la princesa, pero eso solo alimentaba el deseo del sultán, de ver su sangre en el piso. Los hermanos…no pudieron hacer nada…para evitarlo. - Desde el año de nuestro señor y señora, 1442, esos mil infantes, incluidos el príncipe y la princesa, eran golpeados sin piedad, y entrenados, para desear la sangre, de cualquiera que desafiara, a los turcos. - Pero de entre esos niños, dos de ellos, se hicieron unos guerreros tan salvajes, que ejércitos enteros, batían la retirada, con la simple mención de sus nombres. - Vlad el empalador, y Scarlette la descavezadora, los hijos…del dragón. - El dia de su última batalla, el sultán les pidió a los hermanos, a su hijo, y a su ejercito, atacar a los refugiados de la guerra, que invadían su tierra, el ejercito, los hermanos y el hijo del sultán, obedecieron sus ordenes. A los lejos, solo se escucharon los gritos de mala muerte de los hombres, mujeres y niños. - Vlad tenia la costumbre de atravesar el pecho de sus víctimas con un palo gigante, mientras que Scarlette tenia la costumbre de descabezar y dejar una espada en la boca del cadáver. - Luego, cuando regresaron de su última batalla, los Turcos le dijeron a los soldados que podían regresar a su hogar, todos…excepto los hermanos. - El sultán solicito la presencia de ambos hermanos, en su salón del trono, y también solicito que Scarlette se pusiera un vestido blanco, y que Vlad vistiera de fiesta, aunque ellos no entendieron el por que, lo hicieron. - Al llegar al salón del trono, el sultán nuevamente intento que Scarlette se casara con su hijo, pero ella se negó, el sultán se dio por vencido, pero su hijo no. - Estas bien?. Le pregunto Vlad cuando ambos se retiraban de la sala del trono. - Déjame sola y lo estaré. Respondió ella avanzando mas. Vlad se la quedo mirando, y luego decidió seguirla. - Scarlette estaba en la carpa de ambos poniéndose nuevamente su ropa de hombre. - No te preguntare si estas bien por que ya me respondiste, así que solo te diré, que ellos jamas te tomaran, ni jamas te tomaron, como un guerrero de verdad. Le dijo Vlad sentado a su lado. - Y tu crees que yo no lo se?, ¿Por qué mas crees que el sultán quiso que solo yo te acompañara a ti y a los demás niños hasta aca?, este era su plan desde el inicio, el quería que yo me casara con su hijo, por que solo para eso están las princesas ¿no?, para ser el trofeo de batalla de un rey. Dijo Scarlette enijada, y se levanto para buscar el resto de su ropa. - Yo no soy tu enemigo Scarlette, he estado contigo toda la vida. Dijo Vlad detrás de ella. - Entonces vas a decirme que no lo sabias?. - Por supuesto que no lo sabia, estaba tan sorprendido como tu cuando el sultán te lo pidió. - No se si lo comprendes pero…que me hallan tratado toda la vida, como un soldado, y que ahora…de un momento a otro, vuelvan a tratarme, como princesa, es duro para mi. Dijo Scarlette tratando de explicarse pero aun estando molesta. - Tienes razón no lo comprendo, pero… confió en que tu me ayudaras a hacerlo, igual que siempre. Dijo Vlad siempre sabiendo que decir. Scarlette abrazo a su hermano. - Igual que siempre. Dijo Scarlette aun abrazados. - Ese mismo dia, los hermanos estaban tan avergonzados de sus monstruosos actos, que Vlad y Scarlette, hicieron una promesa, dijeron que enterrarían su pasado con los muertos, y que regresarían a Transilvania, para gobernar en paz. - Sus súbditos, los llamaban: príncipe y princes. Yo, les decía: padre y tía. Pero el mundo algún dia los conocería como: Drácula y Morgana. ","Summary":" - NOTA DEL AUTOR: este fanfic esta basado en uno que iso \"AssassinNovice72\" de dracula untold, su"},{"Movie":"Dracula Untold","Title":"You Are My Child","Author":"Mustard Lady","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12795853","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello, here is a new Dracula Untold fanfic. It's rather dramatic. I don't own DU, but I do own Sarai. This setting takes place after the movie of DU. Any details in here that seem unrealistic, I put them in because this is a dream that Vlad is having during the night. Prince Vlad Tepes sighed heavily in exhaustion. The passed seven days had felt more like one hundred years. Everything and everyone he held dear had nearly been stripped away from him. Desperate to save his people and his family, he turned to the forces of evil for help. It had been a test of heart that he never wanted to go through again! For three days, he had been a vampire, who must resist the urge to drink human blood, despite an overpowering urge to drink. With God's help, Vlad had resisted, vanquished the Turks and saved his kingdom! His people had nearly destroyed him when they'd discovered his dark secret, but after he had defeated their greatest feared enemies, their overturned respect, love, and admiration for him had been refueled and burned brighter than ever for his sacrifice! His family: his beautiful Mirena, the best wife in the world; his young, impressionable son Ingeras who wanted to be just like him when he grew up; and his lovely princess daughter Sarai; they were safe. They were together. He would love them to the end of his days, but he could've lost them! He gazed down at his sleeping wife, holding her close. He could never get over the impossible depth of her outward beauty. He'd meant it when he'd said that it put the rest of the cruel world to shame. But she was more than that: she was brave and kind-hearted. Although she'd been shocked and disappointed when she'd learned he was a vampire, she'd still done her best to help him keep focus on why he was doing it, and to keep perspective. Her love is what had carried him through. Vlad's heart swelled with warmth for his family, but as he slept peacefully, his mind drifted to what could've easily happened… \"You have no choice, Prince. Obey, or suffer the consequences.\" Hamza Bey smirked at Vlad, who cringed in dismay as the Sultan's lead soldier snapped his finger and his army of bloodthirsty Turks pompously marched out of the Great Hall. Ingeras and Sarai ran to their mother. \"It must be done.\" Cazan, Vlad's trusted adviser said grimly. \"All of these things, courage, anger, even love. None of these can matter to a prince. The only thing that matters is his duty to his people.\" Vlad glared at him in disbelief. The next morning, after spending a tense night trying to calm his children and wrestling with how to prevent this, Vlad and Mirena had agreed that he would personally meet with Mehmed and try to convince him to change his mind about the kingdom's boys. But just before he left, Mirena came running out of the castle, crying out his name. Vlad ran to her. \"Mirena, what is it?\" He asked with concern. \"Is it the children?\" \"Yes.\" Mirena panted anxiously. \"Vlad, they're gone!\" \"Gone?\" Vlad sputtered. \"Are you sure? Perhaps they went into the garden...\" \"No. I'm telling you, they're gone!\" Mirena wailed. \"I searched all over for them and no one has seen them since last night!\" Vlad tightly gripped her shaking arms. What could this mean? \"Don't worry, I'll find them.\" He told Mirena calmly. \"They can't be far.\" He gently broke away from her and summoned Dimitru. \"Have you seen Sarai or Ingeras?\" He asked urgently. \"No, Vlad. I have not.\" Dimitru said. \"Is something wrong?\" \"I do not know.\" Vlad furrowed his brows. \"Mirena cannot seem to find them. Have you seen Cazan? I need you, Captain Petru, and he to accompany me to Mehmed's camp.\" \"I'll try to find him.\" Dimitru nodded to his prince. \"Tell Mirena not to worry, Vlad. I'm sure the children are around somewhere.\" Vlad went back to calm his petrified wife. \"I'll take another look, just to be sure.\" He told her. \"You might want to double-check the castle.\" \"All right.\" Mirena shuddered. She could not rid herself of the sickly twist of anxiety churning inside her stomach that something was very wrong. Vlad met her back in the courtyard. \"Nothing!\" She whimpered. \"No sign on the grounds either.\" Vlad frowned. Now he was getting worried. \"Vlad, I...\" Mirena began to shed tears. Vlad wrapped his arm around her. \"We'll find them.\" He said confidently. Suddenly, Dimitru galloped up to them on his horse and dismounted before the steed halted. \"Vlad! Vlad!\" Dimitru yelled. \"Vlad, I just learned from the Lookout that no one has seen Cazan since yesterday. But, he did see a hunched over figure leaving the castle walls before dawn this morning. And, he had two smaller figures with him.\" Vlad stiffened in anger. His fingers curled with rage. How had this happened? \"Why, that pig-headed buzzard!\" He snarled. \"Oh, Vlad!\" Mirena cried in horror. Her face was white as a sheet. She nearly slipped from Vlad's arms in a faint, but both men held her up. Mirena sobbed into her husband's strong, masculine body. \"He did it. He really did it...\" Vlad could barely breathe. He could not believe that his trusted adviser would betray them like this, but he had! Vlad couldn't see straight. His children! His precious son and daughter had been turned over into the hands of the enemy...behind his back! \"Cazan will pay for this.\" He seethed under his breath. \"He's taken both Ingeras and Sarai to Mehmed.\" Dimitru stated angrily. \"No!\" Mirena wept. \"Vlad, our children! Cazan's giving them to the sultan! Our children! Vlad, do something! Go after him! Get them back!\" Mirena screeched at her husband. He looked into her distressed, inflamed eyes. She was truly scared, she was desperate, she was heartbroken. He'd promised her that nothing would ever happen to their children for as long as he was alive. Now, they'd been stolen from them! Vlad couldn't stand the betrayal in her soft blue eyes. It made him feel like he was stabbing her with a jagged knife. She was looking up to him, begging him to keep his promise. \"I'll get them back.\" Vlad told her firmly. \"Dimitru, summon the men and Captain Petru. If you find Cazan, detain him and arrest him! Take him to the dungeon and put him in the stocks!\" Then he looked back to his wife. \"Mirena, listen to me. I won't let this happen. I will go and bring our children back. I love you.\" He firmly wrapped his arms around her. She cried on him and kissed him passionately. \"Be careful.\" She told him. \"Go save our children!\" \"I will.\" Vlad looked at her, cupping her face. \"I will not return until I have our son and daughter at my side. I'll bring them back to you. I promise!\" 1 Year Later Prince Vlad Tepes searched far and wide every single day for his missing son and daughter. When he'd ridden to confront Mehmed, the sultan quickly disappeared, him and his entire army. But every single day, just as Vlad found the camp over a ridge, one hundred thousand Turks ambushed him. It would take them all day to fight them off, then he would be exhausted by nightfall. Not only that, but by nightfall, the army will have moved on. Vlad had not been home since the day Sarai and Ingeras had been stolen from him and Mirena. He'd made her a promise, and he was going to keep it. Perhaps God was guiding him and finally showing him some mercy, for Vlad once again found the Turkish army camp! Only this time, none of the troops hindered him. Slithering down the hill like a snake, he made his way down into the swamp of Turks. He crept around, trying not to stumble over the pegs holding up the tents. He carefully scanned the grounds for his children. Where were they? He almost bumped into one of the guards! Stealthily sneaking up behind him so as not to make a sound, he covered the guy's mouth and dragged him away. It was stuffy to breathe in, but the Turkish helmet would camouflage his face as he mingled amongst the other soldiers. He didn't want Mehmed to recognize him. If the sultan did, he would do one of two things: pull up stakes and flee, or taunt the prince as he tortured his children! Vlad wanted to sneak in and get both his son and daughter out of there before anyone realized what was happening. Vlad heard young voices, of boys. He followed them and found himself at the training ground. His stomach twisted in a suffocating knot, as he recognized the horrific scenario plus he saw his own dear child in this hell-hole. Too many gut-wrenching memories played before his eyes. There was his little Ingeras, his upper body bare with ugly red slashes on his back and front sides. He was yelling at the top of his lungs, like a wild animal, as one of the guards jabbed a sword into the ground, Ingeras charged at one of the hay bales. Screaming like an eagle, he slashed through the hay bale, then flailed severing it to bits. The soldier punched Ingeras in the arm to show his approval, but the boy-hating the way he'd been betrayed, and not knowing how to cope or live any other way in this hell hole- briskly whipped around and slit the guy's arm open with his sword. The man yelped in pain. His fellow soldiers sneered at him, chuckling at Ingeras's spunk. Vlad shuddered. He remembered those days in his youth all too well. This was the life he'd tried to save his son, his people's sons from! His heart cracked at the sight of his precious little Ingeras, being trained to become a ruthless, devilish killer! Vlad vowed that he would get him out of this, but first he had to find his daughter. The Turkish camp was not a place for any woman! It had torn him up, seeing his once innocent boy turned into a robot for the Turks' pleasure and purpose. Ingeras was being raised to be just like he had been. But as he'd gazed closely, Vlad swore he could still see it! Ingeras's fiery manner was enough to send a flock of crows in the opposite direction. But it was in his eyes, Vlad knew it! Behind those hate-trained, pained, vindictive, fury-fed eyes, Vlad could see the pleading innocence of a small child seeking out protection. It was locked up deep down, but Vlad could see it, deep down, trapped like a caged animal. And Vlad was determined to free it! He'd save his son and get him back home where he belonged! Vlad heard lively but haunting chant music coming from the largest, and brightest colored tent. That's where Mehmed must be. Grateful for the helmet so no one recognized him, he slowly wormed his way inside amongst the crowd. No one noticed him or cared for his presence. Obviously, Mehmed was throwing a party for his fellow troops, including those from neighboring armies. \"Ahh. Well, now, my brothers.\" Mehmed addressed the group, clapping his hands together. \"How about some entertainment?\" The men cheered, hurting Vlad's ears. Mehmed glanced in his direction, but only saw him as another face among his guests. Vlad grimaced. He loathed the Turks' form of 'entertainment', and his pity went out to whichever poor soul would be used as the eye of their lustful activities. He would soon find out. \"Bring out my finest treasure!\" Mehmed ordered Hamza Bey. What ensued next sent Vlad's already upside down world into a tail spin. He cringed as Hamza Bey returned, sickly grinning, with a young lady. The men howled, whistled, jeered, and made indecent, hungry remarks as their eyes feasted. Vlad's stomach churned. Tears sprang to his bulging, shattered eyes. \"Sarai!\" He sucked in a nauseous breath as he peered from under his helmet lid. He clenched his mighty fists. Vlad's heart dropped as he gazed deeply grief-stricken at the pretty slip of a young woman who had once been known as his daughter. She was bizarrely adorned, all out in Turkish female ornaments-Mehmed had expensive taste-. Her beautiful eyes were hidden underneath loud makeup. Her skimpy, gaudy outfit-if it could even be called that!-was hideously revealing the parts of her body that only a husband should be allowed to see! The joy in her youthful face was gone. She looked so drained, drained of every ounce of happiness at all, as if this was the only life she'd ever known. Vlad's heart ached sharply for her, and he glowered dangerously, fire crackling through his veins as he watched these predatory men-Mehmed's comrades-gawk at his daughter, hungrily licking their lips as if they were a pack of wolves preying on a graceful gazelle. Mehmed had his arm closely wrapped around Sarai's waist, at which she flinched but did not resist. There was no point in fighting him, she'd tried that once, which had ended in results she didn't want to relive! Mehmed gloated, with a skin-crawling smirk, at his prized display. He leaned in close to her and whispered in her ear. Vlad bristled. Sarai meekly, painstakingly stepped away from him and began a seductive dance. The men jeered and applauded with lustful eyes. Outraged, heartbroken, hot tears dripped down Vlad's eyes as he helplessly watched his prisoner daughter begrudgingly entertain the men, the disgust etched in every line of her beautiful face. Mehmed grinned smugly in satisfaction, more than pleased at how his great trophy was feeding his army of scumbags. Vlad was furious. This inhumane celebration had to be thwarted somehow. But Mehmed would never give up such a pleasurable concubine. Not in a million years. Vlad's heart burned with searing rage inside his chest at Cazan, his ex-trusted adviser who had given Vlad and Mirena's beloved children their unwanted, unmerited ticket to this venomous wilderness. He blamed himself over and over for underestimating the man, for not watching over his own children like he should have. He'd sworn on his life that he would find them and bring them to their devastated mother. Vlad glanced around the tent, filled to the brim with savage warriors. He was anxiously contemplating the best maneuver to rid this place of these monsters, save his children, and flee. Then an idea hit him when his eyes fell on the tent pegs and the poles holding the large canvas up. Perfect! Slinking behind the crowd, totally unnoticed, he prowled around, slipping his sword on the ropes holding the shelter in place. He severed the ropes, then snuck back in. None of the hooligans had noticed the tent loosen, they were too busy feeding their warped male weaknesses on Vlad's princess. \"Don't you worry, Sarai.\" Vlad whispered underneath his helmet. \"I'm getting you out of here...for good!\" Snatching a Turkish flag pole, Vlad let out his infamous war cry, charging right through the barrage of men. He swung the heavy beam in all directions, thwacking whoever was in his path. Needless to say, the Turks were completely cut off guard and most of them unprepared for this crazed exhibition. Sarai screamed in fear. Mehmed was dumbfounded. Where had this uncivilized foreigner come from? And how did he get in here? The men drew their razor sharp blades and scurried to Vlad, all anxious to be the first one to take him out. But, being the former fierce, terror-instilling warrior that he was, Vlad evaded their blows and returned the attempts back on them with his sword and the flag. Some of them he slugged, some of them he wiped out with the wooden stake, some he slew with his own sword. As fast as they came at him, as fast he topped them. Mehmed calmly drew his own sword, and delved into the frenzied mob. But Vlad had seen him. Taking out the soldiers, Vlad came right at Mehmed and killed him. The soldiers froze in bewilderment. Sarai's face was awestruck, half relived, half terrified. She fled the tent, not sticking around to find out what happened next. Vlad wiped out the rest of the Turks in the tent. When he ventured outside into the daylight, he was shocked that none of the other Turks surrounding the area were coming after him. Vlad looked to his right, and noticed Sarai. She stood to the side, hugging her arms around herself, uselessly attempting to cover the bare parts of her grisly exposed body. Vlad returned his sword into the sheath, and slowly approached her, so as not to frighten her. She was grateful to her rescuer, who'd slain her daily tormentor. But she was scared of him too. She slowly backed away from him. \"It's okay. I won't hurt you.\" Vlad spoke reassuringly underneath his helmet, hiding his facial identity. Sarai gulped hard, shivering, from shame, fear, and relief. \"W-what are you going to do?\" Sarai asked timidly. Vlad's shoulders drooped. He hated seeing his own child afraid of him. \"I won't harm you.\" Vlad said in a choking voice. \"Here, put this around you.\" Vlad told her kindly, wrapping his large red cloak around her body, which enveloped her. Sarai clenched it for dear life, thankful for a covering, of any kind! \"Thank you, Sir. You are very kind.\" Sarai looked up at him gratefully. \"I hate to look like this, but I have no choice.\" Living for a whole year as Mehmed's concubine, she'd almost completely forgotten what true kindness was! Vlad gently touched her shoulder. At first, she flinched fearfully, but then she began to relax at his familiar, protective touch. \"I'm so sorry.\" Vlad told her sadly. \"I'm so sorry for everything you've had to be put through in this demonic rat hole, my dear. But I'll keep you safe, till the end of my days. I promise!\" Tears filled Sarai's eyes. It had been so long since she or her brother had been shown genuine kindness. \"It's all right. Go ahead and cry. I won't thrash you. I promise.\" Sarai let the tears slip down her face. \"That's it.\" Vlad said softly, trying to comfort his little girl. \"There, there. Now we must help your brother.\" \"My...my brother? How did you...\" Vlad removed his helmet to reveal his handsome, bold, tender countenance. Sarai's jaw dropped and her knees gave way. Vlad gripped her so that she didn't fall. \"P-p-p...\" \"Sarai.\" Vlad smiled with tears. \"Oh, Sarai. My darling daughter!\" \"Papa?! Papa! Papa! Oh, Papa!\" Sarai cried out. Vlad smothered her in his strong arms. \"Oh, Papa! Where have you been? I thought we'd never see you again!\" \"I know. I know, my love.\" Vlad kissed her hair. \"Why, Papa? Why?!\" Sarai sobbed. \"Why did you wait so long? Why didn't you stop Cazan?\" This time, tears did slip from his eyes. Vlad looked down into her face. \"Sarai, I tried to find you! I swear I did! I've been looking everywhere for you. I'm sorry I took so long.\" Vlad said, kissing her head. \"And I'll never let either of you out of my sight again!\" \"Papa, you didn't give Cazan permission to take us away, did you?\" Sarai asked sadly. Vlad's heart broke. How could she ever believe such a thing? \"Oh, no! No, no, no, my dear, dear daughter!\" Vlad wailed. \"I would never! Your mother and I didn't know what he was up to. I went after you when we found out. I would never give up you or Ingeras, for all the riches in the world. You are my children.\" \"Oh, Papa.\" Sarai hid her face in his chest. Vlad wept as he held her close to himself. He was almost afraid he was going to bruise or crush her perfect body from his embrace. \"I told myself you wouldn't! Can we please go home?\" \"Yes. Yes, my love. We're going home.\" Vlad smiled tearfully. \"After we rescue your brother. Come with me.\" He firmly grabbed her hand and pulled her along. Vlad put his helmet back on so no one would suspect him as an intruder. If they saw Sarai with him, they supposed he was just another soldier who decided to have some fun with their master's concubine. Well, if Mehmed found out, the stupid fellow would lose his head. Vlad's tense shoulders sagged in relief. At least he could pass through safely with his daughter. They reached the training ground. Both of them nearly vomited in unspeakable horror. Several of the boys had been shackled again in their chains. They were being ruthlessly thrashed. But worst of all, Ingeras had been singled out and was in the middle of the dirt patch. They were whipping him, and yelling things in Turkish, about how he was an example of what would happen if any of the other slaves turned on their overseers like he had. Sarai couldn't bear to look and see the cruel appointed overseer heartlessly jerk the wicked whip down on her helpless little brother. Each new flogging, left another new, bright red slash across his body and he cried out in unearthly anguish. \"Papa!\" Sarai cried in a whisper, hiding her face in his side. Vlad gripped her arm. Then he looked down into her eyes. \"No matter what you hear, stay right here!\" He told her. Sarai meekly obeyed. She huddled on the ground, wrapping his red cloak around herself and trying to cover her ears, trying to shut out the horrific screams of endless torment those poor boys were being inflicted with. Vlad deliberately spooked teams of horses nearby that were hauling army supplies. The steeds let out shrill neighs and whinnies. They galloped away. The Turks looked up in surprise and pursued them. As soon as the coast was clear, Vlad sprang down into the clearing. With super human strength, he broke the chains in half and with one swipe of his fist, their shackles dropped to the ground. \"GO! Run! You're free!\" He yelled, throwing off his helmet. \"Go now!\" He urged the prisoners. The frightened, excited, tortured boys at first couldn't seem to move. Then, like a herd of while horses, they ran with all their might into the hills, fleeing for their lives. \"P-P-P...\" Ingeras couldn't find his voice, as he gazed up at the man who'd saved him. \"It's me, Ingeras. It's me, son. I'm taking you home!\" Vlad told him, unabashed tears in his eyes. Ingeras, too emotionally, physically, and mentally drained of any willpower, fell forward against Vlad's chest and fainted. Vlad cupped his face, then rising to his feet, he swiftly carried his precious son in his arms. \"Papa?\" Sarai looked at him when he came to her. \"Ingeras!\" She jumped to her feet. \"Is...is he...\" \"He's exhausted.\" Vlad finished for her. \"Let's get him home. Come, Sarai. We must leave here now, before they know what's happened!\" Clinging to his waist with all her might, Sarai trotted alongside her brave father as he carried his son in his strong arms. Together, they fled the Turkish camp as fast as they possibly could, to get back home. They never looked back. As they ran through the forest and the hills, Vlad saw dozens of the escapees, scattered through the countryside. What daunted on him more than anything was that some of them had found Turkish scouts and were beating them to a pulp with their bare hands, wounded by the blades or not. They'd been taken from their homes, flogged without mercy, and trained to be murderous robots. They were taking out their revenge on their own teachers. Vlad watched dismally, then shook himself to focus on his task at hand: getting his family back home. Ingeras regained consciousness to find himself not in a Turkish prison camp, chained like an oxen, starved like a dog, and whipped like a slave! Not there, no. No, he looked up to see his father's face and felt his fathers loving hands clasped protectively around him. \"P-P-Papa?\" Ingeras croaked. Vlad looked down at him with a sad smile and kissed his face. \"It's all right, son. You're safe now.\" Vlad whispered. \"I'll never let anything hurt you again! I never wanted this to happen. I didn't even know.\" Vlad blurted defensively, trying to avoid a repeat scenario he'd had with Sarai fearing him and blaming him for their dilemma. \"As soon as I found out, I set out to find you. I've looked all over for you! I love you, Ingeras. I swear on my life, I do! You are my child.\" Ingeras stared up at his father in confusion, anger, longing, and relief. \"Take me home, Papa. Take me home!\" He clung to his father. They were nearing home when they had to carefully edge their way along a cliff, overlooking the deepest, most massive ravine they'd ever seen. Both children's grips locked around his waist, he carefully led them along. They turned the corner near a slippery edge, then froze in their tracks. Who should be standing in their way, but Mehmed and his comrades! Vlad's heart pounded. He stiffened. Ingeras and Sarai stood behind him, clutching his body. \"You are very resourceful.\" Mehmed sneered. Sarai couldn't bear to look into his face. Not after the way he'd treated her and she'd thought he was gone forever! \"But alas,\" Mehmed went on dramatically, \"you have defied the great sultan. And now you must suffer the consequences.\" Vlad gulped hard. His eyes pleaded along with anger. This man would not touch his children again! \"Mehmed, do not do this!\" Vlad warned him in a foreboding tone. Mehmed chuckled. \"You are hardly in the position to make demands, Lord Impaler.\" He said. \"Papa, don't let them take us away again!\" Ingeras cried out. \"Don't make me go back with him!\" Sarai added her plea. They both trembled violently. Vlad put his arms around them and glared at Mehmed. \"You will pay for your act of treason.\" Mehmed said, cocking his nose in the air. Then, without warning, he dashed straight at Vlad and shoved him over the edge of the mountain! Vlad screeched in horror as he plummeted in midair, the wind draining the blood from his brain. Mehmed grinned smugly. \" PAPA!\" Ingeras and Sarai screamed at the top of their lungs in terror as they watched their brave father fall into the abyss… Vlad jerked upright in bed, bathed in a cold sweat, hyperventilating, his eyes etched with terror. He panted fearfully. He looked up at the roof of the canopy bed. He trembled violently. It was only a dream! \"Vlad?\" Mirena's quiet voice was angelic music to his ears. She sat up and touched his shoulder. \"Are you all right?\" She asked with concern, alarmed at his panic. \"Y-yes.\" Vlad tried to nod, but all of his body muscles cramped then felt like butter. \"Lie back down.\" Mirena told him. He obeyed and let out a strangled gasp as his head hit the pillow. Mirena nestled close to him, resting her head on his bare shoulder. She softly ran her hand across his broad chest and soothingly caressed his breast bone. \"Shh. I'm here.\" She said quietly. His breathing became less shallow as her mere presence, not to mention touch, began to very slowly calm him. This was not the first time Mirena had seen him like this. She'd seen it many times after his return to his people, these plaguing night terrors that haunted him. \"It was a dream.\" She said to him. \"I...I know.\" Vlad nodded. \"Was it another flashback from your youth?\" She asked cautiously. \"No.\" Vlad said simply. \"Worse.\" He breathed. Mirena stared at him with empathy. \"You want to talk about it?\" \"No.\" Vlad answered sadly. He gripped her free hand. He brought it to his lips and kissed her fingers. \"I just...want to forget it.\" Mirena was silent and just lay on him. He didn't say anything else for the longest time. Then he turned his head to her. \"Mirena, did I do the right thing?\" \"You saved the children, and our people.\" She said reassuringly. \"But...\" \"You did it the wrong way, something you will have to make your peace with God about. But you gave me back my family, when I thought I was going to lose everything. I thank you for that!\" Mirena smiled. She kissed his lips. Vlad smiled with tears in his eyes. His children were safe. They were safe. He'd protected them. He hadn't broken his promise. He'd kept it. His children were safe! Listening to Dracula Untold soundtrack on YouTube as I wrote this, tracks Sultan Mehmed, Mirena, and The Handover at different sections. Hope the ending made up for all the garbage he dreamed about! If this wasn't a dream, I definitely would've written much more detail into the emotions and atmospheres! ","Summary":" Hello, here is a new Dracula Untold fanfic. It's rather dramatic. I don't own DU, but I do own Sara"},{"Movie":"Dracula Untold","Title":"Heart of a Monster","Author":"sofia313","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11327430","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Heart of a Monster Vlad Tepes was a man who had lost everything. His family, his home, his friends and loyal brothers- in-arms, even his humanity, all gone. The monster was all that was left. In a way Vlad had been a monster long before he had ever tasted the creature's blood. There was more blood in his hands than anyone could understand; he had killed thousands of innocent people. That was when he had still been a human; the monster had nothing to do with that. Perhaps that had been the reason why the creature had granted him it's so called help, it had seen the darkness in him, it had sensed the horrible deeds he had done. Sure he could say that he had been a soldier, he had simply followed the orders, but that was a poor excuse. Then he had thought that he could simply come back home, wed the woman of his dreams, start a family and rule his people in peace. No, that certainly hadn't happened. Deep down he had always known that he hadn't deserved it, a wife like Mirena and a son who loved and respected him unconditionally. Monsters didn't deserve a happy ending; they deserved to suffer for all the eternity. According to the stories, the creature had lived in that cave for centuries, it was an immortal. Vlad certainly didn't want to be an immortal, but he was too much of a coward for trying to end his existence again. For almost two centuries he had wandered around, hiding in darkness. Every night he had satisfied his endless bloodlust and when the morning came, he had sought shelter. He hadn't cared about anything anymore; humans were nothing more than food. That had been until he had met her. She was sitting in front of him on a horse, her dark brown curls flying in the wind. She could have ridden by herself, but he didn't want her to do that in nighttime, it wasn't safe. Her frame was very modest, she was short and petite, but she had plenty of spirit. She had been 14 when he had found her and saved her from the bandits who had killed her family. They had been travelers, people who were considered to be nothing but thieves and swindlers. The bandits had killed them all and amused themselves by allowing the girl to run while they chased her with their horses. For a moment Vlad had simply observed the situation from a distance, he hadn't had any intention to intervene. Why had he then, he really wasn't sure. There had been something about the girl that had reminded him of someone. She had been scared, just like anyone would have been, but she hadn't given up, she had fought for her survival. The strangest part was that she had seen him slaughtering all those men who had chased her and yet she hadn't been afraid; she had simply stared at him with her big hazel eyes. He certainly hadn't planned to take her with him, but somehow that had happened. That had been 5 years ago and she had been with him ever since. She had proven to be very useful to him, she was smart and resourceful, she was his eyes and ears in daytime. He didn't know how to define their relationship; it was some kind of mutually beneficial companionship. He wouldn't have called her his servant, although in a way she was and she didn't mind. Perhaps it was gratitude what she felt towards him, he really couldn't tell for sure, she rarely revealed her deepest thoughts to him. That didn't mean that she would have stayed quiet, most certainly not, but he had to admit that he enjoyed listening to her lighthearted babbling. Right now she was too tired to chat; her head was leaning against his chest and she was almost asleep. Unfortunately she couldn't sleep for long; they were approaching a small village near the Castle Dracula. After all these years, he had returned to Transylvania. Why, he really wasn't sure. He had no idea what he hoped to find here. \"Alina?\" he said quietly. \"Hmm?\" she murmured sleepily. \"We're here.\" She yawned and stretched her arms; he dismounted and lifted her off of the horse's back. \"Thank you,\" she murmured and rubbed her eyes. \"I will be right back.\" Determinedly she marched towards the village; he could hear cheerful voices coming from the tavern. Unfortunately his people skills were more than rusty, but he had no doubt that Alina could find out everything he needed to know. Everything looked different than he remembered; he couldn't even recognize the village. Being so close to his home made him feel something he had thought he had buried for good. Mirena… Ingeras… No, they were gone. Why did he want to torture himself like this? It wasn't too late to turn back… \"The castle is abandoned,\" Alina's voice suddenly said. Vlad had no idea how long she had been gone; he had been lost in his thoughts. \"What?\" \"The castle is abandoned,\" she repeated. \"It have been for decades, most people seem to think that the place is haunted, they do not go anywhere near it.\" \"What happened to the master of the castle?\" Vlad asked, keeping his voice free from emotion. \"He was sent into exile when the Turks came,\" Alina replied. \"His name was Emil Tepes.\" Ingeras' great-grandson… Or great-great-grandson, Vlad really wasn't sure. Alina stayed quiet, waiting for his order. She knew that he had used to live here and he have had a wife and a son, but he hadn't told her everything. \"I believe I will take a look at the castle,\" he stated after a moment of consideration. She nodded and allowed him to help her on the horse; he mounted himself to sit behind her. Neither of them spoke when they rode towards the castle. The moon was full and he could sense the creatures of the night around them. Bats, wolves, ravens… For a long time they had been his only company. Alina's body felt warm next to his, listening to her heart beating soothed him. He would have never thought that could be possible, but he didn't crave for her blood. He wouldn't have hurt her. He felt himself tensing up when they approached the castle, perhaps this was a mistake. Alina placed her hand on his; it was a small but thoughtful gesture. Neither of them said anything, he simply stared at the deteriorating stone walls ahead. No more than a second later he was inside the walls. The whole castle had been looted, there wasn't much left, only the empty rooms and hallways. The place he and his ancestors before him had called home had been ruined. The thought made him to growl in rage and slam his fist against the wall. After all these years this was still his home. Yes, his home… In that moment he knew what he wanted to do now. Alina was waiting for him in the courtyard with the horse; she had lit up a torch. \"How would you feel about settling down?\" he asked while marching to the courtyard. She was clearly surprised. \"You mean here?\" He nodded. \"Yes.\" She looked around and bit her bottom lip. \"No one has lived here for years…\" \"I know, we would have to renovate the whole place.\" \"We?\" \"That is if you wish to stay with me?\" \"Of course,\" she replied without hesitation. \"You do not have to ask that.\" He smiled and placed his palm on her shoulder. \"I believe this place needs a woman's touch.\" \"It needs much more than that,\" she huffed. \"But I shall do my best. Are you planning to be Emil Tepes' son? I think that would work.\" Vlad shook his head. \"No, Vlad Tepes is dead.\" \"What shall you call yourself then?\" He didn't have to really think about it, the answer was obvious. \"Dracula. From this day on, I shall be known as count Vlad Dracula.\" ","Summary":" Heart of a Monster Vlad Tepes was a man who had lost everything. His family, his home, his friends "},{"Movie":"Dracula Untold","Title":"Hold Me Close","Author":"Mustard Lady","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12699257","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello, everybody! This is my very first Dracula Untold fanfic and I don't own anything. I never imagined writing anything associated with Dracula ever. I am not a monster/horror fan. But when my sister watched a YouTube interview with Luke Evans in which he talked about the movie, and she told me about the family story in it, I was interested. I started researching it and although I haven't watched the whole movie yet, AND am intimidated by the horror in the film, I really like the family story in it and so does my sister. I even have Pinterest board about it, Mirena's Heart. The cast is great, the story is awesome, and the acting is incredible! The fascinating movie is so tragic and devastating though! And I love and admire Mirena's character so much! I wish some happiness came out of it for the Tepes family. They didn't deserve any of that! This is a one-shot of a family scene that came to my mind. In this story, I'm making that everything in the movie that happened, did happen...up to the point where the Turks invaded Vlad's home. In this story, Mirena did not die, and Vlad was restored after defeating his enemies, including the great and terrible Mehmed! I hope to write more DU fanfics, but right now I'm really, really into Beauty and the Beast, mostly based of the new live-action film. Have you seen it yet? We really liked it. Beauty and the Beast was the first film I ever watched Luke Evans in, and WOW did he do a stupendous job bringing terror, -yes, I will admit laughs-, and just a real darkness to the story's dastardly villain Gaston! After watching the new film for the first time, I wanted to wring Gaston's neck. Then I saw snippets of him as Vlad Tepes after my sister introduced the movie to me and I was struck at the tender, devoted, kind role he played. He is one amazing actor! His versatility reminds me of Basil Rathbone, able to play a dark, horrid villain then turn around to play the hero that everybody loves! The snippets of lyrics I put in here and the title of this fanfic are based on the song by Ron Hamilton, Cherish the Moment. I hope you enjoy this story. Reviews would be appreciated! \" ...Tuck me in, Hold me close, I'm afraid of the dark. ...Come and sit by my bed, Mommy, rock me to sleep.\" It must have been long passed midnight. Vlad and Mirena were peacefully sleeping in their royal bed, their arms clasped tightly around each other. Anguished cries of their son echoed through the castle walls. Mirena thought she was dreaming, but then the sharp shrill of their little one screaming hit her ears and she bolted upright in bed. Her sudden jolt from his nightly embrace startled Vlad. \"What's wrong?\" He asked groggily. Mirena didn't answer. The yells of torment tugged at her. \"It's Ingeras!\" She blurted out, throwing her covers off and sliding fast into her slippers. She jumped from the bed and sprang for the door. \"Vlad, something's wrong!\" She briefly glanced back at her husband before disappearing into the halls. \"I'm coming!\" Vlad told her, instantly alert and on his feet. Throwing on his night robe, and slipping his boots on, he raced to his son's bedroom. \"Ingeras!\" Mirena called as she hurried to his room. \"Ingeras! I'm coming!\" She finally flew through his doorway and rushed as fast as she could to her son's bedside. Through the moonbeams filtering in through the windows, she could see him. He was frantically tossing and turning in his bed, wailing desperately, and his face was ridden with tears. \"Ingeras! It's all right. It's Mother. I'm right here.\" Mirena told him, sitting on the bed and trying to soothe him. Vlad came in with a candle. He trotted to his son's bed and leaned over him. \"Son? It's all right. Wake up! Wake up!\" Vlad exclaimed, gently shaking his little boy's shoulders. \"No! NO!\" Ingeras screamed. \"No, please don't!\" Vlad gripped his chin, making him stop wagging his head. Ingeras's eyes shot wide open and he was shaking hard. He was extremely disoriented. \"Ingeras? Son, we're right here.\" Mirena said softly, touching his arm. \"You're at home. You're safe.\" Ingeras fluttered his eyelids, trying to focus. He looked so afraid. \"P-Papa?\" He squeaked. \"Yes. I'm here, son.\" Vlad said gently, stroking his son's sweaty forehead. He sat on the edge of the bed, rubbing Ingeras's trembling shoulder. \"Oh, Papa!\" Ingeras hiccuped. Vlad firmly grasped his quivering little hand in his larger, stronger one. And Mirena took her son's other hand between her own. \"Shh.\" Mirena shushed quietly. \"You were dreaming. It was all a bad dream. But you're safe now.\" Ingeras sniffled as he looked up at both his parents, their presence filling him with a sense of security. \"Are you all right?\" Vlad asked with concern. His little boy looked up at him with pleading in his eyes. \"I...I...I was dreaming.\" Ingeras stammered timidly, starting to weep again. Vlad tugged him close in his arms. Ingeras clung to him. Mirena scooted closer and rubbed her little boy's back. \"What were you dreaming about?\" She asked. \"That I...I was a royal hostage!\" Ingeras blurted out. Vlad and Mirena looked at each other in horror. They were both heartbroken that their innocent child had to experience such a horrible night terror, even though it had never actually happened. Vlad tightened his grip on him and kissed the top of his head. \"Oh, I'm so sorry, my love!\" Mirena gasped. \"It's all right.\" Vlad whispered in his son's ear. \"That will never happen. Your mother and I are here. Nothing is going to happen to you!\" Ingeras continued to weep on him, burying his face in his father's chest. \"The Turks took me away!\" Ingeras sobbed. \"Momma tried to stop them, but...but Papa didn't! Not like he did in real life. I dreamed that he just gave me away!\" Vlad's heart shattered into a million pieces. That was exactly what had happened to him when he was his son's age, and why Vlad had gone to desperate measures to keep Ingeras safe, and the other boys in their kingdom. He pulled his son back so he could look him straight in the eyes. \"Ingeras, listen to me.\" He said seriously. Ingeras's eyes were locked on his father's. \"I would never, ever give you up to the likes of them! I swear it with God as my witness, I would never send you to the Turks! That's why I did what I did, so that you wouldn't ever have to go through that. And so that none of your young friends in this kingdom would either!\" \"Your father is telling the truth, Ingeras.\" Mirena said. \"I know.\" Ingeras nodded, looking at the man he admired and wanted to be like so much. He leaned back on Vlad, hugging his neck. Vlad ran his hand through his son's locks and rocked him back and forth. \"But in my dream, it did happen! I didn't know where I was. They took me far away. My friends too. But they were meaner to me than everybody else, because I was your son. They beat us everyday and we had nothing to eat. We were so hungry and it was cold at night.\" Ingeras shuddered, burying himself even harder into his father. Mirena leaned over and softly kissed his wet face, rubbing her hand through his hair. \"Oh, darling.\" She sighed sympathetically. \"I'm sorry that you dreamed such horrible things.\" \"Then I grew up,\" Ingeras continued blubbering. \"They taught me to kill. We became an army, and...and they sent us here! And...and...\" Vlad could guess what he dreamed next. \"And...your mother and I were the first people they sent you to kill.\" Vlad finished for his son. \"Is that what happened, Ingeras?\" Mirena prodded. \"I'm sorry!\" Ingeras sobbed painfully. \"I'm sorry! I would never kill you! But in my dream, I...I did! And it didn't bother me!\" He wailed heavily. \"I'm sorry!\" \"Ohhh.\" Vlad breathed, embracing his only child, trying to offer whatever comfort he could. Mirena crawled to them and wrapped her arms around both of the men she loved with all of her heart. \"It's okay, son. It's okay!\" Vlad told Ingeras as confidently as he could. \"We know that you love us both and would never do anything to hurt us.\" \"That's right.\" Mirena nodded with tears streaming down her cheeks, making her ocean blue eyes glisten in the candlelight. \"I'm sorry!\" Ingeras continued crying his little heart out. \"I don't ever want to kill you! I don't ever want to hurt you!\" \"And you never will.\" Vlad said reassuringly, his own eyes misty too. Vlad and Mirena just sat there together, enclosing their son in their small circle of eternal love. They let him cry hard and even cried with him. This was what they had fought so hard for in the passed week. This was what it was all about. This was what made their tumultuous battle all worthwhile! Their son was safe with them, safe and as precious as ever. And thanks to Vlad destroying his enemies, all the families in the kingdom who had almost had their beloved sons coldly stolen from them could now rest assured that these kind of moments with their children were still theirs for years to come! It was half an hour before Ingeras even started showing signs of calming down. He had been terribly, emotionally traumatized from his unthinkable nightmare. Sadly, Vlad had lived that nightmare to reality through all his youth. He knew the monstrosity, the blood thirst, the cruelty, the heartlessness, the drive to destroy. He knew what the Turks were capable of ingraining into their victims. He'd lived it, he'd practiced it, he'd tasted it. And that's what had led him to the desperation of looking to a devilish monster for the power to destroy his enemies. Ingeras was a sweet, thoughtful, brave little boy. He didn't deserve that kind of life, NO child did! Mirena looked at her husband and her child. This moment may have died forever had Vlad not been able to defeat the Turks, or even worse yet, had he not resisted to drink human blood! When she thought of everything dear that she'd come so close to losing, it only furiously fueled her passion to be at her husband's side, her eternal admiration for his tenderness and selflessness, her affection for her son, and her care for her people. All of this had been nearly stripped away from her in the blink of an eye. She inhaled deeply, soaking in the reality that God had spared them and given her husband the strength to resist the darkness that had plagued him so. \"Please don't go yet.\" Ingeras begged. \"Of course not.\" Vlad said. \"We'll stay with you until you fall asleep. You have nothing to be afraid of.\" \"Can I sleep with you tonight? Please?\" Ingeras pleaded to his parents. Ingeras was a big boy, and hadn't made that request since he was very little. But, considering all that they had been through in the passed week, Vlad and Mirena didn't have the heart to refuse him, not after what had almost happened to their family. Vlad looked questioningly at Mirena. She smiled sweetly and nodded. \"Of course.\" Vlad smiled at Ingeras. The little boy clasped his arms around his father's neck and Vlad scooped him up out of bed. He carried him ever so gently back to the master bedroom. Mirena shuffled down underneath the large velvet covers on her side. Vlad carefully set Ingeras down, who curled up next to his mother. Vlad removed his robe and kicked off his boots, then clambered next to his son. Mirena wrapped her arm around Ingeras, the one he was leaning his head on. Vlad soothingly rubbed his son's arm as Mirena stroked his hair. \"You're safe, Ingeras.\" Mirena whispered. \"We love you and nothing is going to happen to you.\" \"We're together.\" Vlad added. \"Just like we always should be.\" Ingeras's breathing had gradually become even and he was much calmer. He loved the smell of his mother's hair, it always made him feel better. His parents were his whole world. Without them he would be lost. He loved his mother dearly, and loved to pretend to 'rescue' her from the 'bad guys' as the 'damsel in distress'. But Ingeras absolutely adored his father. Vlad was kind, strong, affectionate, rugged, and devoted. And very brave. When he grew up, Ingeras wanted to be just like him. Their close presence warmed his soul like nothing else on earth could. \"I love you, Momma.\" Ingeras said. Mirena smiled at him and kissed his head. \"And I love you, my young prince. You go to sleep now.\" She said. Vlad leaned over and kissed his son's head. \"Rest well, my big soldier.\" He said softly. Ordinarily, the prince and his princess would feel so intruded on, not being able to cuddle in private like they preferred to do before going to sleep-especially with Ingeras closing in the gap between them in the bed right now-. But this time was a valid exception. They'd all come very close to losing each other, in the battle against the Turks, and though they were trying to get back into the normal routine of life, they would do anything to assure their precious boy that he was safe and loved. This one night, they could forgo it...at least until Ingeras was asleep! In a short time, Ingeras was fast asleep. He was out. Mirena grimaced a little as she tried to shift her numb arm out from under her son's head, but it stung and tingled. Vlad watched out of the corner of his eye. He grinned, snickering. Mirena squinted at him. \"Is that any way to treat the queen of Transylvania?\" She huffed in a whisper. Vlad arched his eyebrows casually. \"A mother's work is never done.\" He commented, wagging his head. Mirena blew out a breath. Apparently, he was not going to help her. She grunted and managed to slip her arm out from under Ingeras, whose head just dropped into the soft pillow. \"Aah!\" Mirena gasped, wringing her arm, trying to get the circulation back in it. \"Thank you for the assistance.\" She told Vlad sarcastically. \"No trouble.\" Vlad shrugged. Mirena leaned on her back and crossed her arms. \"I had something better in mind.\" Vlad said slowly in a very sultry voice. \"What could be more chivalrous than helping your wife? Hmm?\" Mirena quietly joked. She knew what he was up to. \" This.\" Vlad whispered. Sitting up, he hovered over Ingeras trying not to squish him, stretching over to his wife. He leaned his head down and kissed her lips. \"Mmm.\" Mirena smiled warmly, returning the kiss. \"You're right. This is better!\" She whispered. Vlad chuckled deeply and nuzzled his nose under her neck. \"Vlad!\" She protested. \"Shh!\" Vlad held his fingers to his mouth. \"You'll wake Ingeras.\" \"If you don't stop, you'll be sleeping on the floor tonight.\" Mirena teased. \"Aah. It'd be worth it, just to know it was because of you.\" Vlad rumbled. He wouldn't stop kissing her neck. Mirena laughed, trying not to wake their son, but relishing in the closeness of her husband, after almost losing him to an eternity as a vampire. He continued to cuddle with his wife. \"...Apa...apa...\" Ingeras moaned in his sleep. \"You're elbowing me.\" Vlad didn't realize that he was jabbing his son in the side. Vlad froze and sat up, biting his lip in embarrassment. \"I'm sorry, son.\" He apologized quickly. Ingeras groaned and turned on his stomach, burying his head in the pillow. Mirena turned on her side, reached out her hand and gripped Vlad's arm, tugging him back toward her. \"Thank you...\" She said fondly, \"for giving me back my family.\" Hope you liked it. ","Summary":" Hello, everybody! This is my very first Dracula Untold fanfic and I don't own anything. I never ima"},{"Movie":"Dracula Untold","Title":"Las Novias De Drácula","Author":"Michelg22702","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12443717","Passage":"[Chapter 1] NOTA DEL AUTOR: Bueno, yo soy nueva en esto así que... si tienen alguna sugerencia o quieren que haga una segunda parte, pueden decírmelo en los comentarios, yo siempre estoy revisando, espero les guste tanto como a mi, pues solo eso quería decir... adios. ;-) por cierto, NO SOY DUEÑA DE NINGÚN PERSONAJE, excepto la familia Seward, ahora si me despido... LAS NOVIAS DE DRÁCULA. Alto!, espere!. Grito Vlad al ver que el auto del señor Seward se aproximaba. Hay no. Dijo el conductor. De regreso tan pronto?. Pregunto el chófer con un tono de sarcasmo. Solo sera un momento. Dijo Vlad. Si que lo sera. Dijo mientras se lo queda viendo. Vlad entro en el auto, sin que nadie lo invitara y dijo. Saludos, señor Seward señora, señorita clara y...(se quedo viendo a la hija de 22 años del señor Seward). Hola Megan. Le dijo a la chica con una sonrisa en su rostro. Buenos días señor Tepes. Le dijo la chica del mismo modo pero mas coqueta. Sal de mi auto, Tepes. Le dijo el señor Seward molesto pero tratando de disimularlo. Ouch, que rudo esta tu padre hoy ¿no crees?. Dijo Vlad a Megan prácticamente burlándose de su padre. Que es lo que quiere señor Tepes?. Le pregunto la señora Seward amable y al mismo tiempo enojada. Que clase de pregunta es esa?, quiere lo que siempre quiere. Le dijo el señor Seward a su esposa. El señor tiene razón, vine nuevamente, para pedirle, una vez mas, tener una cita con su bella hija. Dijo Vlad sin titubeos, y ni una pisca de amargura. Te lo advierto...sal de mi auto o te volare la cabeza. Dijo el señor Seward. No creo que usted quiera que la ropa nueva de su esposa e hijas sean manchadas de sangre y cesos. Le pregunto Vlad a tono de desafío. Sal...de mi auto, en este instante. Dijo el señor sacando una pistola de su chaqueta. De acuerdo...ya comprendí. Dijo Vlad \"me iré pero no sin antes...\" después de decir eso ultimo, beso a Megan y se fue, a lo lejos podía escuchar su padre gritándole desde mal nacido para arriba. Ya basta papa!. dijo Megan. Y tu, lo defiendes!. Dijo el señor Seward a Megan muy enojado. Pues si, papa, te juro que no entiendo por que te cae tan mal, el tiene todo lo que a ti te importa, dinero en cantidades. Dijo y abrió la puerta lista para salir. Tu!, no te bajaras de este auto!. Dijo el señor Seward esta vez furioso. Tu y que ejercito van a detenerme?. Dijo Megan desafiando a su padre. Te lo advierto Megan...si vas con el, lo único que perderás sera la virginidad. Dijo su padre en un tono protector. El no busca solo eso...eso es lo que lo hace especial, diferente a los demás, pero tu no lo entenderías. Dijo Megan cerrándole la puerta del auto en la cara. Y después se dirigió a Vlad. A donde la llevo?. Dijo Vlad. A donde sea menos aquí. Le dijo Megan. Ambos empezaron a caminar en dirección contraria, Megan volteo hacia atrás y vio el auto de su familia alejarse, tenia un presentimiento de que su celoso padre no dejaría que ella volviera a su casa, al menos no con una barriga. Ambos llegaron a casa de Vlad o mejor dicho: La mansión Tranzilvania. Dijo Megan admirando el lugar. Por que le pusiste así?. Pregunto ella. Porque hay fue donde nací, en Targoviste, Tranzilvania. Le respondió Vlad. Guao, por eso es que sabes tanto sobre, monstruos, leyendas y todas esas cosas?. En parte si, y por otra parte creo que es por que, me gusta leer, mas que todo terror. Dijo Vlad llevándola a su biblioteca. Guao, siempre lees libros de, ese genero?. Dijo Megan ojeando uno de sus libros. Aveces, y otra veces me gusta, el romance. Dijo viéndola y sonriéndole. A mi también me gusta el romance. Dijo sonriéndole y acercándose cada vez mas a el. Tenemos un problema. Dijo Vlad poniendo su frente en la de ella. Cual?. Dijo Megan cerrando los ojos. No tengo cuarto de invitados. Dijo Vlad. No me molesta compartir. Dijo Megan. La beso por segunda vez cuando alguien toco el timbre de la puerta. Yo atiendo. Dijo Vlad. Claro. Dijo Megan sonriendo y seguidamente Vlad se dirigió a la puerta, al abrirla vio que era. Skelgim. Dijo Vlad sorprendido. Hola amo. Que haces aquí, te dije que volvieras de Londres en una semana. Lo se señor, pero, tuve que volver antes para decirle algo que es, muy importante. Y que es?. Pregunto Vlad enojándose. Encontré, a la chica que tanto a buscado señor. Vlad solo se lo quedo viendo con cara de sorprendido. Ya volviste. Dijo Megan. Si, pero. Que sucede?. Pregunto asustada. Tengo malas noticias. Dijo Vlad fingiendo dolor. Pero… ¿que paso?. Debo viajar a Londres porque...mi madre murió. Cuanto lo siento, yo...debería irme yo, en verdad siento tu perdida. Dijo Megan dolida después de haberse tragado completo toda la escusa. Gracias. Dijo Vlad. Quieres que te acompañe o, prefieres ir solo?. Dijo Megan queriendo ser gentil. No te ofendas pero, prefiero ir solo, pero gracias. Dijo Vlad siguiendo con su perfecta actuación. Claro entonces yo, creo que me voy, adiós. Le dio en beso en la mejilla y se fue. Adiós, y suerte con tu padre. Gracias, la necesitare. Dijo y se fue. Lamento haberlo interrumpido amo. Vlad solo lo miro. Solo espero que esta vez no estés equivocado, es la 3era vez en este mes que me dices eso y no es cierto. Dijo Vlad con algo de enojo. Y también la 3era vez que lo encuentro con una chica. Dijo Skelgim susurrando para si mismo. Skelgim!. le grito Vlad mientras que el se asusto. Le aseguro señor, que esta vez si la encontré, es ella, la mujer que en verdad ama. Dijo Skelgim estando seguro de lo que dice. Bien, dime como se llama, donde la viste y en donde vive. Dijo Vlad sentándose en un mueble. La vi en el mercado de Londres, y seguí a la chica durante todo el dia, y descubrí que se llama Mina Murray, tiene 22 años y vive en una mansión al este de Londres. Dijo Skelgim sentándose en un mueble, y cuando acabo solo esperaba las ordenes de su amo. Bien, iré a Londres mañana, y mas te vale que ella este donde dijiste. Dijo Vlad retirándose. A la mañana siguiente Vlad ya estaba volando asía Londres, para conocer a la tal Mina. Primero fue a la parte donde Skelgim había dicho que vivía espío cada una de las casas buscando a la chica pero en ninguna estaba ella. Empezó a buscar en la capital de Londres y varias veces en el mercado, pero no estaba en ninguna parte, pareciera que se hubiese esfumado en el aire, estaba a punto de rendirse cuando... Vlad Drácula... cuanto tiempo sin verte. Hola Lola, digo lo mismo. Dijo Vlad en solitario. Por que estas tan deprimido?. Le pregunto ella. Vine aquí buscándola a ELLA, y no la encontré. Dijo Vlad igual que antes. Pero no te sientas mal, solo has lo que haría yo si fuera tu, regresa a tu casa, ponte bien guapo y llama a una BUENA compañía. Dijo Lola a modo de broma. Solo agradece que eres mujer. Dijo Vlad igualmente. Pero ya hablando enserió, no te des por vencido aun... ve y pasea por el mercado, una ultima vez. Dijo Lola convencida. Por que?. Dijo Vlad. Por que yo lo digo ahora ve. Dijo Lola a modo de regaño. Vlad fue al mercado solo por complacerla, empezó a pasear por todo el lugar... cuando escucho algo, que le pareció, muy familiar... volteo y vio que era una mujer, pero no cualquier mujer, era aquella chica de la que desde hace siglos, a estado enamorado, nadie mas ni menos que... su hermosa Mirena. Que belleza. Dijo Vlad. La chica se lo quedo viendo confundida. Las flores, mi lady. My lady?, de donde vienes?. Le pregunto la chica. De un lugar muy lejos de aquí. Ambos se sonrieron. Bueno adiós. Dijo la chica. Por que ver por separados esta vida y la siguiente, si una proviene de la anterior. La chica volteo y le dijo. Es mi poema favorito. Habla del anhelo, de un alma que clama por otra. Se quedaron viéndose y ella. Soy Mina. Vlad. Beso su mano y ambos se fueron caminando, pero sin darse cuenta de que alguien los estaba observando, aquel que convirtió a Vlad lo había seguido desde hace un buen tiempo (con \"buen tiempo\" quiero decir siempre) aguardando a que Vlad encontrara una persona, lo suficientemente importante como para capturarla y utilizarla, para que el siguiera todas sus ordenes. El anciano se levanto de su silla, y empezó a seguirlos. Que comience el juego. Dijo el hombre. ","Summary":" NOTA DEL AUTOR: Bueno, yo soy nueva en esto así que... si tienen alguna sugerencia o quieren que ha"},{"Movie":"Dracula Untold","Title":"Chocula Untold","Author":"Merickson","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11536387","Passage":"[Chapter 1] OPEN ON BLACK A glowing red title card fades in: CHOCULA UNTOLD CUT TO: EXT. VILLAGE - DAY A gothic castle towers over medieval houses. CAPTION: \"Flavorvania, Year of Our Lord 1971\" EXT. CASTLE - DAY The VILLAGERS have excitedly gathered. High above them, a HERALD and two TRUMPETERS step out onto a balcony. HERALD Greetings, one and all! I present to you Prince Vanillula! The Trumpeters play a fanfare as lanky, pale PRINCE BRAD VANILLULA steps out to greet the cheering crowd. VANILLULA Good morning, my loyal subjects! I bid you a happy St. Breakfast Day! The villagers pump their fists, each one gripping a spoon. The Herald wheels a crate up next to Vanillula and opens it, revealing it to be full of cereal. VANILLULA Every one of you is welcome to two whole servings of Vanilla Almond Crunch, with your choice of fruit! The villagers cheer again and start chanting Vanillula's name, but they are cut short when an explosion sends several flying into the air. VANILLULA What's that? Who's exploding my loyal subjects? A stallion gallops out from the smoke. Atop the steed rides the walrus-'stached, cowboy-hat-wearing WILFORD BRIMLEY. WILFORD BRIMLEY Hi, I'm Wilford Brimley, bringing you an important message from Lord Quakerman! The villagers scream in terror and run for their lives. VANILLULA Sir Brimley, why do you disrupt my celebration? Have we not had years of peaceful relations with the Oattoman Empire? WILFORD BRIMLEY We've gotten word that y'all are addin' crap to our pure oats. VANILLULA We agreed to never add any processed sugar, and we've honored that agreement. WILFORD BRIMLEY You been addin' all that fruit an' crap. That's a slippery slope. It ain't the right thing to do. VANILLULA Would it please Lord Quakerman if we cut down on the fruit? WILFORD BRIMLEY You can cut the fruit completely out, goddamn it! We will not tolerate contamination of our oats! VANILLULA Fine. WILFORD BRIMLEY No vanilla either! VANILLULA What?! Guards! Attack! The castle doors open and a troop of GUARDS marches out. Wilford Brimley backflips off his horse, takes a deep breath, and exhales a giant fireball that incinerates them all. VANILLULA Shit. Vanillula pats the Herald's shoulder. VANILLULA I'll be right back. He runs inside. HERALD Your Highness? Where are you - Wilford Brimley leaps into the air and lands on the balcony, where he immediately grabs the Trumpeters' trumpets in each hand and rams them through their heads. HERALD My god! The Herald turns to run. Wilford Brimley jumps in front of him and grabs him by the throat. WILFORD BRIMLEY Where's your prince hiding? HERALD (choking) He's...probably...leaving...the castle. Please...spare me... Wilford Brimley roars like a lion and eats the Herald's head in one bite. BEHIND THE CASTLE A secret panel in the castle wall slides open and Vanillula runs out. VANILLULA God, this sucks! WILFORD BRIMLEY (O.S.) (echoing) This castle is ours now! VANILLULA Shit. He runs into the brush. EXT. BRUSH - DAY Vanillula stumbles through bushes and tall grass. VANILLULA \"No fruit.\" \"No vanilla.\" Blah blah blah. Big stupid jerk. A monk, FRANKLIN, leans out from behind a huge tree, startling Vanillula. FRANKLIN Hello, Your Highness. VANILLULA Brother Franklin! Wilford Brimley invaded my castle! FRANKLIN I know, I heard him. He's very loud. You can hide out here with me and the other Fruit Monks in our secret shelter. INT. TREE - DAY Three other monks, BOB, BRUCE, and MANNY, sit inside the hollow, lantern-lit tree. Franklin and Vanillula squeeze in through an opening. BOB Look, it's the Prince! BOB/BRUCE/MANNY All hail Prince Vanillula! VANILLULA Yeah, hi. FRANKLIN Would you like some fresh fruit, Your Highness? I recommend the strawberries. BOB Blueberries are the best, though. BRUCE No! My favorite fruit is the best! Whatever that is! I forget! MANNY Me too! VANILLULA I'll eat anything, as long as it has some vanilla extract injected into it. FRANKLIN Oh, I'm afraid we're out of that. VANILLULA What? MANNY We weren't able to get a new supply from the castle before the invasion. VANILLULA Shit. Well I'm gonna have to go get magical powers and get my castle back. Vanillula leaves the tree. FRANKLIN Wait, Your Highness! EXT. TREE - DAY Franklin follows Vanillula outside. FRANKLIN Where are you going? VANILLULA Rotten Tooth Mountain, of course. FRANKLIN But that's where the dreaded Alcocoamist resides! The evil master of dark chocolate arts! It's much too dangerous! VANILLULA Sometimes you have to deal with chocolate to get vanilla. FRANKLIN What? VANILLULA I must away! Vanillula marches off. FRANKLIN But we have strawberries! Strawberries! Bob sticks his head out of the tree. BOB And blueberries! FRANKLIN Shut up, Bob! EXT. ROTTEN TOOTH MOUNTAIN - NIGHT By the light of a full moon, Vanillula climbs the rocky slope, lifting himself onto a jagged ledge leading to the mouth of a cave. INT. ROTTEN TOOTH MOUNTAIN - CAVE - NIGHT Vanillula enters the dim cavern. VANILLULA Alcocoamist! I know you're in here! I demand you show yourself! The ALCOCOAMIST, a hooded, cloaked man, lurches from the shadows and pushes Vanillula against a wall. ALCOCOAMIST Who are you?! VANILLULA I...I am Prince Vanillula. The Alcocoamist hurls Vanillula across the cave. Vanillula slams into the opposite wall and drops to the floor. ALCOCOAMIST Why have you entered my domain?! Vanillula staggers to a stand. VANILLULA My castle was taken over by Wilford Brimley and the Oattoman Empire. I have come to offer you a deal. ALCOCOAMIST What could you possibly offer me? VANILLULA If you help me defeat the Oattomans, I will grant you a tract of land where you can practice your vile wickedness. The Alcocoamist moves in close. ALCOCOAMIST And what are you willing to endure for my help? VANILLULA I would do anything to secure my vanilla reserves. The Alcocoamist pulls his hood back. His head is one big block of chocolate fudge. Vanillula winces in repulsion at the horrendous sight. ALCOCOAMIST Are you willing to forsake your devotion to your precious vanilla in order to save it? VANILLULA I...well...do I have to? The Alcocoamist produces a cereal bowl from his cloak in one hand and a dagger in the other. ALCOCOAMIST I spent most of my life harnessing the power of the brown sweetness. I paid the price for it when karma placed this curse upon my head. He shoves the bowl into Vanillula's hands and slices his palm with the dagger. The wound bleeds chocolate syrup, which he drizzles into the bowl. ALCOCOAMIST Drink this, and you will obtain the power to defeat your enemies. VANILLULA But will I turn into a fudgehead? ALCOCOAMIST No. VANILLULA Okay! Vanillula drinks the chocolate syrup, then drops to his knees clutching his stomach. VANILLULA Oh god! Such a stomach ache! Too much sugar! I can't take it! ALCOCOAMIST Yes! Let it flow through you! Veins bulge on Vanillula's forehead. His hair straightens up into two peaks. VANILLULA What's...happening...to...me? He screams in agony. A brown cape materializes from the back of his collar and wraps around him like a cocoon. ALCOCOAMIST Now you shall be reborn as something more powerful than you could ever imagine! The cape flies open, and Vanillula shoots to his feet, now fully transformed into the one and only CHOCULA. CHOCULA What is this?! I'm a monster! ALCOCOAMIST It's only temporary. CHOCULA Oh, okay. ALCOCOAMIST That is, as long as you can resist this. The Alcocoamist pulls a rock from the wall, releasing a thick amber substance that flows into a trench in the cave floor. CHOCULA Corn syrup! Satan's nectar! ALCOCOAMIST Yes. If you can resist ingesting it for three days, you'll return to your regular vanilla-centric self. CHOCULA All right. ALCOCOAMIST But if you give in, you'll be stuck in your new form forever, and my curse will be lifted, leaving me free to go out in public without everyone making fun of me. The Alcocoamist's fudge-block head suddenly transforms into that of a middle-aged man's. ALCOCOAMIST I - Wait, what happened? He turns to see Chocula on his hands and knees, slurping the corn syrup from the trench. CHOCULA Mmm! Oh, sorry. Were you still talking? ALCOCOAMIST My curse is lifted! Mwahahaha! The Alcocoamist transforms into a hail of chocolate raindrops that fly past Chocula. ALCOCOAMIST (O.S.) See ya, sucker! Chocula shrugs. He takes a canteen out and fills it with corn syrup. EXT. ROTTEN TOOTH MOUNTAIN - NIGHT Chocula walks out from the cave onto the ledge. CHOCULA I'm coming to get you, Brimley! He bursts into a swarm of bat-shaped marshmallows and flies into the sky. EXT. CASTLE - NIGHT A horse-drawn carriage approaches the massive front doors. INT. CASTLE - MAIN HALL - NIGHT Wilford Brimley throws open the doors with his bare hands and steps aside as the carriage enters. Wilford Brimley opens the carriage door, and out steps EMPEROR REGINALD QUAKERMAN, a man dressed in Colonial clothes and sporting luscious white locks. WILFORD BRIMLEY Welcome to yer new castle, my Lord. QUAKERMAN Very good. I shall add it to my list of properties. WILFORD BRIMLEY I prepared somethin' in honor of yer arrival. Wilford Brimley walks over to a large curtain and pulls it back to reveal the four Fruit Monks, restrained by ropes, hanging over four tanks filled with water and mashed fruit. FRANKLIN Let us go, you bastard! BOB You can't do this to us! WILFORD BRIMLEY These here are the miscreants what been sullying yer oats. QUAKERMAN Very good. I presume their punishment will be severe. WILFORD BRIMLEY Each'll be drowned in the fruit that they specialized in. One'll get strawberries, another'll get blueberries, and the other two'll get...uh, I think limes an' oranges or somethin'. QUAKERMAN Splendid! BRUCE Prince Vanillula will save us! MANNY Yeah! The marshmallow bats fly in through the windows and reform into Chocula. CHOCULA Hold it right there! BRUCE See! QUAKERMAN Sir Brimley, is this the prince who used to rule this land? You didn't tell me he was a wizard. WILFORD BRIMLEY Fancy tricks won't save you, Vanillula! CHOCULA I'm no longer Vanillula. I am now...Chocolatula! WILFORD BRIMLEY Choco-whoza-what? CHOCULA I'll revise it later! But right now it's time for you to die! Chocula screams and barrels toward Wilford Brimley. WILFORD BRIMLEY Oh yeah? Well take this! The ends of Wilford Brimley's moustache aim forward and spray Chocula with a blast of brown powder. CHOCULA Oat bran! Nooo! Chocula turns back into marshmallow bats, which fly around erratically. WILFORD BRIMLEY Oh no you don't. Wilford Brimley grabs the ends of his moustache and adjusts them like a hose nozzle, sending a torrent of oat bran into the air. The bats shriek in a high-pitched version of Chocula's voice. BAT #1 Oh god! BAT #2 It burns! BAT #3 I can't do this! The bats fly out the windows. MANNY Hey! Wait! Save us! QUAKERMAN What was that all about? WILFORD BRIMLEY Minor delay, my Lord. QUAKERMAN Right then, let's get on with it. WILFORD BRIMLEY Yes, Sir! Wilford Brimley pulls a lever. FRANKLIN Damn it. The Fruit Monks scream as they are dropped into the tanks. EXT. CASTLE - NIGHT Chocula crawls along the ground, his body covered in smoldering blisters. CHOCULA So...weak. Power...fading... He rolls onto his back and takes out his canteen. CHOCULA Must...rejuvenate. He pulls the cap off and pours some corn syrup into his mouth. The moment he swallows, the blisters vanish. CUE POPEYE THEME Chocula jumps to his feet and flexes a set of bowling-ball sized biceps, then charges back to the castle. INT. CASTLE - MAIN HALL - NIGHT The ropes thrash around in the tanks as the submerged Fruit Monks struggle. Quakerman and Wilford Brimley watch. QUAKERMAN Good work, Sir Brimley. WILFORD BRIMLEY It was the right thing to do. QUAKERMAN This calls for a victory meal. WILFORD BRIMLEY I bet I can guess what's gonna be on the menu. A marshmallow bat flies in carrying the canteen. BAT I'm back! QUAKERMAN The nuisance has returned! WILFORD BRIMLEY Goddamn it. The bat flies over the tanks, pouring corn syrup into them. Wilford Brimley fires oat bran at the bat, but it outmaneuvers him and escapes, laughing all the way. QUAKERMAN What's going on, Sir Brimley? WILFORD BRIMLEY I don't know, but I don't like it! The tanks start shaking. A blue mist emerges from the one holding Bob. It forms into BOO BERRY, holding a box of his namesake cereal. BOO BERRY What's on the menu is a bowl of my delicious Boo Berry cereal! QUAKERMAN What is this madness?! WILFORD BRIMLEY Goddamn it! Wilford Brimley shoots oat bran at Boo Berry. The grain passes straight through him. BOO BERRY You fool, I'm a ghost! Boo Berry rips open the cereal box and shoves it in Wilford Brimley's face. Wilford Brimley swats the box away, gagging as cereal pieces fall out of his mouth. WILFORD BRIMLEY Blagh! What is this shit?! It's way too damned sweet! The other tanks topple over. Out of them lumber FRANKEN BERRY, FRUIT BRUTE, and YUMMY MUMMY, each holding boxes of their designated cereal. FRANKEN BERRY He doesn't want to trifle with that blueberry nonsense. Clearly he's a strawberry man who needs a heaping helping of Franken Berry! FRUIT BRUTE No! He should try the howling good taste of Fruuuit Brute! YUMMY MUMMY But I'll make his tummy go yummy! Heh heh-heh. QUAKERMAN My heavens! Protect me from these nightmare creatures, Sir Brimley! Quakerman runs off. Wilford Brimley stands his ground. WILFORD BRIMLEY All right, you disgusting mutants. Let's dance. Wilford Brimley tries to shoot his oat bran, but his moustache only manages to sputter. WILFORD BRIMLEY Goddamn it! Your blueberry crap made my bran-shooters impotent! BOO BERRY Try some more! The cereal monsters grab Wilford Brimley. WILFORD BRIMLEY Goddamn it- Each monster proceeds to shove their cereal down his throat. FRANKEN BERRY Franken Berry! BOO BERRY Boo Berry! FRUIT BRUTE Fruit Brute! YUMMY MUMMY Yummy Mummy! Heh heh-heh! Wilford Brimley stumbles back in a daze, choking from the force-feeding. He turns around and comes face-to-face with Chocula, who holds up a bowl of his own cereal. CHOCULA Chocula. Chocula smashes the bowl into Wilford Brimley's face. Wilford Brimley drops to the floor, his body convulsing and his eyes rolling back. He then goes still. FRANKEN BERRY Is he dead? Chocula leans over Wilford Brimley and sniffs. CHOCULA He's in a diabetic coma. BOO BERRY Hurray! As the other cereal monsters do a celebratory dance, Chocula walks off to find Quakerman trembling in a corner. QUAKERMAN P-please don't hurt me! CHOCULA Looks like your name is Quakerman because you quake in your boots! QUAKERMAN Where's Sir Brimley? Is...is he... CHOCULA He's worse than dead. He has diabetes! QUAKERMAN You monsters! CHOCULA Exactly! And you're next! QUAKERMAN No! Please! You can have your castle and your vanilla! Just let me go! CHOCULA I don't care about vanilla anymore. I'm expanding my scope. QUAKERMAN Fine! Anything! CHOCULA I demand to be named the count of all the territories you've conquered, with any privileges I may care to have. QUAKERMAN Okay, okay! CHOCULA And the people of those territories will be allowed to put raisins in their oatmeal. QUAKERMAN (dry-heaving) Wh...what? CHOCULA I sense hesitation. Just for that, instead of raisins, it shall be...chocolate chips! QUAKERMAN Noooooooo! Quakerman's face melts like Major Toht's. FRANKEN BERRY Look, the Prince killed Lord Quakerman! FRUIT BRUTE Yay! CHOCULA Yes! The power of chocolate is triumphant! BOO BERRY Boo Berry is still the best cereal, though. FRANKEN BERRY No! It's Franken Berry! CHOCULA Need I remind you that chocolate just saved everything?! EXT. CASTLE - NIGHT As the cereal monsters continue arguing, the Alcocoamist watches them through a window. He turns to the CAMERA. ALCOCOAMIST Let the games begi- Wilford Brimley bursts through the wall, driving his fist into the Alcocoamist's back and out his chest. WILFORD BRIMLEY Burn in hell, sugary scum! INT. CASTLE - MAIN HALL The cereal monsters all jump back. FRUIT BRUTE Oh no, he's awake! Wilford Brimley lifts the Alcocoamist into the air, impaled on his arm. ALCOCOAMIST No! A Brimley fist through the heart! The only thing that can kill meeeeeaaaagggggghhhhh! The Alcocoamist gurgles as his body melts into a chocolate puddle on the ground. Wilford Brimley turns to the cereal monsters, his eyes glowing red. WILFORD BRIMLEY I'm a hundred times stronger now thanks to the diaaabeeetuuus! CHOCULA Shit! YUMMY MUMMY Let's get out of here! CHOCULA Everyone to the escape hatch! The cereal monsters run off. Wilford Brimley throws his head back and lets out a T-Rex roar. CUT TO TITLE CARD: BRIMLEY UNTOLD ","Summary":" OPEN ON BLACK A glowing red title card fades in: CHOCULA UNTOLD CUT TO: EXT. VILLAGE - DAY A gothic"},{"Movie":"Dracula Untold","Title":"Sympathy For The Devil","Author":"bloodsoakedpearls","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11122670","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sympathy For The Devil by: brogentheli0n Pairing: Vlad/OC (June Erickson) Summary: Everyone knows about his kind, yet the don't believe they exist. You hear stories about them all the time... so their kind had to originate from somewhere, right? Chapter One: The Drifter He always came in on certain days. It was never during a wonderful sunny day; it always had to be during an overcast or at night. What was even more odd was that he never brought any company with him either. Always alone. So either this guy had a flair for the melodrama, simply perferred to be alone, or honestly had no one close. I, myself always kept to my own business outside of work. I don't mind my job as a waitress, I just don't care much for the company of other people. It takes a lot for me to be intrigued by someone to give them my attention; let alone a complete stranger. But, he had it right off the bat. I couldn't understand what it was at first. For most people, the first thing they would notice was the person's looks. Now, it would be a lie to say he wasn't handsome. However it wasn't his looks. Maybe it was his enigmatic personality? As humans, it's in our nature to want to know everything about anything and anyone. I thought someone like me would've been disciplined enough to not worry about such things. I never needed to unlock every door that came my way or dig up things that were already dead. But it would be another lie to say his mysteriousness didn't have me vexed. Still I knew it was something else apart from his looks and personality... I've seated him a couple times; only speaking to him to get his order. The funny thing about that too was that he only came for a cup of coffee or two and then left, tipping more than someone would if they had an actual meal. Whenever I got a moment or two, I'd studied him. He was like relic that emerged from somewhere far away from here. A wandering spirit drifting from place to place; one that was trying to understand the reason why he still on this plane. An introvert with a pain that constantly brooded inside his very being. I had no idea who this man was, but I could tell he wasn't a native here and wondered what his purpose was of being here. ","Summary":" Sympathy For The Devil by: brogentheli0n Pairing: Vlad/OC (June Erickson) Summary: Everyone knows a"},{"Movie":"Dracula Untold","Title":"Give Them Peace For Me","Author":"bloodsoakedpearls","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11122652","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Give Them Peace For Me by: brogentheli0n Pairing: Vlad/Mirena He won't catch me in time. He can't save me. Yet, I cannot cry or feel anything. I only stare upward at him as he tries with all his strength to reach for me. But it will do no good... and I think somewhere in his mind he knows that. Nothing can rescue me from my fate. This is the end. As my heart falls as I do, I realize the many years that I will miss... along with the treasures that come with it. I will never again see my son grow up to be as strong as his father. I will never live long enough to hold my grandchildren. I will not wake again to see Vlad's face and kiss him to a brand new morning. I will die without him by my side. But as God as my witness, if you can hear me O Lord; please grant my final wish. Please give Vlad the power he needs to eliminate Mehmed and the Turks from existance. Please Ingreas back home safely and please, God... give them both peace for me... ","Summary":" Give Them Peace For Me by: brogentheli0n Pairing: Vlad/Mirena He won't catch me in time. He can't s"},{"Movie":"Dracula Untold","Title":"Life After Life","Author":"SisterofTurin","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12949313","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Prologue What can you do, when your life has ended for the third time? First, with a downpour of too thick, too dark, bone-encased blood, clinging and sticking to his throat, oozing across and across and into his whole body and he was drowning he couldn't breathe he needed air - Who would have known that it would be even worse the second time? He wife's voice, whispering, barely trembling, for oh, she was so brave. ' Do it now. ' The words metamorphosed into groans, then screams, until he finally realised that the awful, anguished cry, reverberating through the coombs below the abbey, it was his. He would rather face her screams than never hear her voice again. His wife, Mirena. But how selfish he was, how egotistical, wishing agony on his heart's soul. Mirena was in a far better place, one that he would never reach. He knew that he was focussing on the sounds, on her fingers clasping, digging into his arm, to avoid the remembrance of the fangs against his lips, and that sweet, sweet blood trickling through his lips, distracting him, surrounding him, overwhelming him… He did not expect to awaken the third time. But perhaps awaken is the wrong word to use for one who would never sleep again. Any ability to sleep had soared away from him with his wife and the final dregs of his hope for humanity. Sleep no more. Ha! He had murdered everything but sleep. A drop - blood upon his lips. Dissolving into them. Another. And then another. Small splashes. He heard his own breath. Deep. Heavy. Laboured. The sound grew less distinct. Now he could hear the wind, the tent awnings flapping. Eyes wide open. The gypsy was standing over him. It felt like beetles were scuttling over every inch of his skin. ' Drink, master. ' And he did. How could something so foul taste so fair? Blood soaking down the stake of an impaled man. The body's fruitless final writhing only increased the speed. Blood flowing down. Soaking into the wood. Men, lying on the ground, thousands of them around him. Each one with blood staining their armour, their skin, even the dark ground. A broken skull, a poor imitation of a goblet with its broken, jagged rims, and the opaque blood pooled against the white bone. Blood, and pain and death. He had been a soldier. Every man knew that blood brought death. Why did blood bring him to life? It must be that he was death.[Chapter 2] A thud and rising dust The awnings were flapping, a red kite cried from high above, wind blew across his shaded face. Everything was calm and still and he breathed. The gypsy was leering over - Instantly, Dracula was on his feet - ready to grab the gypsy and hoist him up. There was a thud and he tasted dust and he found himself on the floor again. The gypsy chuckled, slowly, in a way that could only be felt as menacingly. 'Do not exert yourself, master. You almost died, again.' For the second time, there was that chuckle. 'What did you do?' Vlad croaked. 'Why, I brought you back to life, master. You must be alive, or, at least, appear so, for my serving of you.' 'I am not your master.' 'Are you not the Voivode, the Prince, the master of all people in these lands of Wallachia and Transylvania? From the lowliest vagrant to your son himself?' 'Ingeras will be crowned Prince. I am dead. Let me die.' 'Will be crowned? Is crowned, rather. The coronation is taking place as we speak.' 'Liar. There is no way it could have been arranged so quickly.' 'How could you think so ill of me?' He tilted his head, and licked the inside his lips. 'You have been lying here for three days, my master. I carried your body away from the battlefield and scavengers, and laid it in this tented field post. Away from all the watchful eyes. It is true. Your nine-year old shall rule the country, well, that is, if he even survives the ceremony.' 'My son is strong.' 'But even the strongest of men cannot resist a blade, or poison. Let alone a child…' 'Brother Lucian will take care of him.' 'A monk? What does a monk know of such matters as ruling a country? Better a monkey, that would even have a sense of self preservation and the wisdom not to spend its life worshiping a make-believe idol.' 'If Hell be real, then so be Heaven. This I am certain of.' 'But which is which, my master?' There was a pause, as Vlad focused on regaining strength, trying to force himself up, but to no avail. 'You are surprisingly eloquent, for a gypsy. For all I knew, none of your race even spoke Church Slavonic.' 'Perhaps I am the only one, my master. Languages are one of my … areas of expertise. An area that will come in very useful to you, I think. After all, you cannot even speak Romanian.' 'How do you know all these details of me?' 'You said it yourself, my master, I have been following you.' 'I dare say I shall pick the peasants' tongue up. Besides, what need have I of it? I am fluent in Church Slavonic and Arabic.' 'You wish to pass the rest of eternity with nobles who would recognise you, or the race that murdered your people? What would Ingeras think of your living with those who killed his mother?' Enraged, Vlad once more struggled to his feet, and failed to stay standing. Dust filled his eyes, and blinded him, his tear ducts having been burnt away by the Sun. The gypsy took a swaggering step closer to him, that infernal smile still playing on his lips and his dreadlocks only serving to amplify every tiny, constant movement of his head. 'You say you wish to serve me, gypsy, yet all you seem to be doing is antagonising and mocking.' 'That is true, my master, pray, forgive me.' The gypsy bowed, and in doing so, a drop of blood fell from his hand into the ground beside the vampire, who had minutely watched it fall like it were sand in an hourglass. 'Oh, you like it? Well, there is much more where that came from, my master. Let me serve you. Some of my blood will restore you to strength, and my skills will aid you invaluably, whether you need my command of tongues, or my stealth, and ability to go, not unseen, but unnoticed. I have been following you yourself; from your crushing of the rocks in the riverbed, oh yes, I saw all that, to the massacre of the Turks. I could hear their screams from the mountainside. But, few have noticed me. Your people have long been adept at ignoring the Roma.' 'I wonder why, if they are all as pleasant as you are. And are you doing proposing to do all this for me out of the goodness of your own heart?' 'Surely, my master, as the Voivode you have experienced your fair share of people serving you, and yet professing no desire for reward?' 'You scarcely strike me as a sycophant, and I hardly think association with a supposedly dead 'demon' will aid your standing in court.' 'Not in court, no, my master, but perhaps I desire the fear and dread that your name brings with it. There is only so far on this earth we can run. Believe me, for I have tried, and it is not far enough.' 'Ah, now I see the crux of the matter. No gypsy travels alone. You have committed some heinous crime, and being pursued world-over for it, have flown to me in order that I can protect you.' 'There is no one stronger.' 'Ha! I would hardly call it strength. You have seen what sunlight produces me to. Some linguist you would make, with every villager you meet baying for your blood.' 'Blood that would enable you to regain full strength in an instant and fly to protect your only son.' Vlad raised himself onto his arms, noticing his hands as he did so. Blistered. Rotten. Without fingernails. He could only imagine how his face appeared. 'Very well, I accept your deal. You may become my thrall.' 'Yes, master.' The smile deepened further, and his eyes glinted. The fugitive took a step closer to Vlad, gripped the knife's handle, reaching his left hand down, brushing the blade. All of a sudden, he grabbed it, and there was blood, trickling down, handing at the underside of his hand for an unbearable second, before the shear weight it dragged it down and into the vampire's gaping mouth below. Vlad was on his feet, no faltering or falling this time, grabbing the man by his shoulders and lifting him into the air. He brought their faces closer, and slowly licked his teeth with his tongue. Vlad smiled, and opened his mouth fully, to say 'it is lucky for you that I am an honourable man. I will stick to our deal.' The gypsy landed in the dust with a thump. Dust rose. 'You may serve me. All you must do is keep up.' A mirthless chuckle, and Vlad transformed into a cloud of bats, fleeting away in the direction of Castle Dracula. ","Summary":" Prologue What can you do, when your life has ended for the third time? First, with a downpour of to"},{"Movie":"Psycho","Title":"Turn Around","Author":"therealgangsta","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11155814","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 Maddox hated socializing a bit too much. She hated it so much she decided to be the hall monitor during the dance. Something ran chills down her back that day. She knew something was wrong, she could feel it in her bones. As Maddox walked through the quiet halls, she heard a shuffling behind the wall. Probably an animal in the bushes , she thought. Another step, another shuffle. Maddox peered out the hallway window, jumping back when a hand slammed against the glass. Just as she was about to run, she saw her curly-headed friend pop up. Maddox reached over to open the window. \"Addison,\" Maddox whispered angrily,\"what's going on?\" Addison, as usual, was up to no good. She climbed through the window and said, \"I don't know. I thought I was dreaming, it happens.\" Off she went, nothing in her head. She truly deserved a \"Forget-Me-Not\" award. Maddox continued down the hall, checking the bathrooms. She always got a rush when she caught someone doing a bad deed. Music and laughter pumped from the gym. Two people were stumbling down the hallway toward the nurse's office. Partied too hard at a school dance? Maddox heard clash from behind her. Wandering around, she came to the science lab. What the... It looked like a drunk idiot ran through the room running into EVERYTHING. Maddox shrugged it off thinking someone else could take care of it on Monday. Too bad she didn't see it all. Not the broken beakers scattered around. Not the pliers from the janitors tool box. Not even the strange pool of...something...in the middle of the room. She definitely didn't see the two glowing eyes in the corner, watching. Waiting.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 Monday Ms. Fisher found it in her lab on Saturday. On Sunday, she went missing. Maddox always showed up early for school to be the first in homeroom. Her homeroom was the science lab. When Maddox walked in, she smelt a stench so overwhelming she gagged uncontrollably. In the center of the room laid an amputated arm. She ran away, fast. She knew something had been wrong. Maddox ran to the office, babbling to the principal about the arm. When they came to the classroom, it was clean and good-smelling. How... Maddox couldn't comprehend. The principal looked at her disapprovingly and walked away. Maddox knew what she had seen. Maddox peered up to the clock to see that an hour had passed. She thought she'd only been there for 30 minutes. She began to wonder why a blank space had formed in her mind. time skip After school Maddox and Addison went to the mall. \"An arm?\", Addison said doubtfully. \"I swear it was right there!\", Maddox answered. Addison shook her head and picked up a shirt. \"Here, take it.\" \"No I don't have any money with me.\" \"That never stops me,\" Addison said, eyebrows raising. She shoved the shirt into her tote and left the store. Maddox stared after her. Every time they went shopping this happened and it was always a surprise. Addison contained the personality of a nut job. Tuesday Maddox, as usual, showed for school at six. She needed to run off some copies for the yearbook. Then something weird happened. The lights turned off, leaving Maddox in the pitch black hall.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 Tuesday When everything flashed back on, only a few seconds seemed to have passed. Maddox continued on to the yearbook room, where once again, a stench rose. Only a puddle of blood pooled in the center of the room, but the stench of death was evident. No, no, no not again. Maddox knew it would be cleaned before she told the principle and began to hyperventilate. She checked the clock. SEVEN A.M., an hour after Maddox came to school. There was something wrong. She had no idea what to do. time skip Maddox decided to scrub the floor. She couldn't think of anything else. After school, Addison came over to her house for a project. Her parents didn't mind when she was over. She never even had to ask. \"So today you saw blood?\" \"Yes! I think I stood in the dark for an hour or something, too!\" \"That's...weird,\" Addison replied. Addison was being short with her. Maddox sped up the process and said goodbye to her. She had to find out what was going on. So of course, she googled it. Nothing came up. It seemed like no one but Maddox knew about this killer. Wednesday School got out early on Wednesday for fumigation. Maddox decided to start writing about her findings last night. By the afternoon, it already had 745 hits. Maybe more occurrences were happening around the town. The town of Gloons was quite small, with only 3,000 people. Most people thought it was a haunted amusement town, since the trees never truly grew leaves. As Maddox worked on her website, she grew tired. What could a 20 minute nap do? time skip The nap lasted for an hour. Maddox woke up on her bed, not at her desk. She checked her laptop, seeing her blog had 1,000 views. She checked her DMs, surprised at some of them. Then one came up, having a sinister message. \"Stop writing, and maybe you'll still be able to type. Oh, and back off.\" Maddox was quite the wiz at hacking, and knew this message could trace back to a killer. It took only a short while to find the IP address. She searched and searched until she found a match. The address belonged to a Maddox Smith.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 Oh my god... Was the killer...in her house? No, it had to be impossible. Dark thoughts chased through Maddox's mind in the span of 5 seconds. \"Oh! It was probably just Addison!,\" Maddox said to no one in particular. She nervously laughed to herself hoping she was right. She heard the sound of a car pull up to her house. Approaching her window she could see Addison-so she had done it! Relief washed through Maddox's body. She ran downstairs and out the door to her friend. \"What the heck, Addison! You know how panic-y I get.\" Addison looked at her with green-yellow serpentine eyes. \"That's what you get for making me do half the project!\" \"Um okay I did most of it but anyways do you want to come inside?\" \"No, I just came to drop off your makeup work in biology.\" Now Addison was in la-la land once again. \"What?\" Maddox asked, regretting it. \"You missed school...your parents said you must've been exhausted from something since they couldn't wake you up this morning.\" Maddox just looked at Addison and acted like she knew what was going on. After Addison left, Maddox went to her laptop again. The message was gone. She deleted the website...just in case. Maddox heard the sound of a car horn outside. Must be Addison again, she thought walking back outside. But Addison wasn't there. Just a single black car heading toward Maddox's driveway at a very fast speed. She stood still where she was, not sure what the car was doing, but it kept driving towards her until finally it reached her house. It wasn't stopping. It was going to hit Maddox. She dived out of the way, feeling all her weight on her hands. She looked back, seeing the car turn away. That didn't happen-did it? Maddox was now only left with her own thoughts. ","Summary":" Chapter 1 Maddox hated socializing a bit too much. She hated it so much she decided to be the hall "},{"Movie":"Dracula Untold","Title":"You're Home Now","Author":"Mustard Lady","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12791903","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello! I'm not sure how long this story will be, but it will be a series of one-shots of Vlad and Mirena's life together before, during, and after the timing of Dracula Untold. I don't own DU. Reviews are welcome. Hope it blesses you. After watching the film, and writing my first two DU fanfics, I can't kill off Mirena! Hope you enjoy these stories. \" I was the same age as Ingeras when I was sent to live with the Turks. To fight for them.\" Vlad said sadly with a faraway look, kissing Mirena's fingers. \"If I never saw another, it would be too soon!\" Mirena leaned down closer to him, gazing into his haunted gray eyes with her gentle blue ones. \"You're home now.\" She said passionately. \"For almost as many years as you were gone.\" Vlad tenderly stroked her chin. \"I just want peace.\" He sighed. \"That's all.\" Ingeras becomes very ill. Everyone just wishes longingly for Vlad to return. It was two hours before dawn, and it was time for Prince Vlad to depart, for a journey with his men to the mountains. There had been rumors of foreigners making camp up there, and as prince, it was Vlad's job to check them out. He put on his coat and his long red cape. He looked back at his beautiful queen still sleeping in bed. She looked so peaceful. He always hated leaving her, but it was necessary. He quietly came to the bed and leaned closely over Mirena. He softly stroked her cheek. \"Mirena?\" He whispered gently. Mirena stirred, but was too comfortable to get up. She slowly opened her ocean blue eyes. She smiled. \"Time for you to go?\" She asked. \"I'm afraid so.\" Vlad nodded. \"You know I hate leaving you.\" \"I know.\" Mirena nodded sleepily, taking his hand. \"But it always makes your homecoming more exciting.\" \"Mmm.\" Vlad grunted with a smile. \"I must leave now. I love you.\" He kissed her perfect lips. \"I love you too. Please return soon.\" Mirena begged. \"I will try.\" Vlad promised. \"Tell the children I'll miss them. And that I shall come back with grand stories of my adventures!\" He kissed her hand. \"Goodbye, my love.\" \"Be careful.\" Mirena said as he reluctantly stepped back. He blew her a kiss then walked out of sight. \"God keep you.\" Mirena said, before drifting back to sleep. In a few more hours, it was morning. The servants were going about the castle, tending to their duties. Mirena took her place at the large dining table for breakfast. A few moments later, the governess Maria entered with thirteen-year-old Sarai. \"Good morning, Mother.\" Sarai smiled and kissed Mirena's cheek. \"Good morning, dear.\" Mirena smiled back. Sarai sat in her chair. \"Oh.\" Sarai moaned. \"Did Papa already leave?\" \"Yes, dear. I'm sorry.\" Mirena said sympathetically. \"But he says he will miss you both, and that he'll come back as soon as possible. Oh, where is your brother?\" \"I don't know.\" Sarai shook her head, and reached forward for her morning food. \"Maria, will you please see what's keeping Ingeras?\" Mirena asked the governess. \"Of course.\" Maria chuckled and left. She returned a few moments later. \"My lady, the lad is still in bed. He refuses to get up.\" \"Oh.\" Mirena sighed. \"I'll go see to him.\" She rose from her chair and headed to her son's room. \"Ingeras?\" She spoke as she came in. \"What's this I hear about you staying in bed? It's a lovely morning.\" She sat down on the edge of the bed and touched his shoulder. \"Don't you want to get up and go out to play?\" \"No.\" Was the mumbled response. Ingeras was lying on his side, curled up under the velvet covers. \"That's not like you.\" Mirena frowned. \"What's the matter?\" Ingeras slowly opened his eyes and squinted from the sunlight coming in through the windows. His face was flushed and he looked miserable. \"Momma, I just want to stay in bed.\" He moaned. Mirena touched his face with her hand. She gulped. \"Your face is awfully hot.\" She stated. \"Are you well, my love?\" \"I don't feel like playing today, Momma. I don't feel like doing anything.\" Ingeras said. \"Are you in pain?\" Mirena asked, concerned. \"My legs hurt, and my head feels really heavy.\" Ingeras replied. \"And I'm...really cold.\" He squirmed under his blanket. \"I'm afraid you have a fever.\" Mirena frowned, trying to remain calm. \"I'm sorry you feel so poorly. You don't have to get up. You may stay in bed today.\" \"Where's Papa?\" Ingeras moaned pitifully. Right now he really just wanted Vlad to be here, to sit with him. \"I'm terribly sorry, Ingeras.\" Mirena said dismally. \"Your father had to leave this morning on a trip. He should be back in a few days. In the mean time, we'll try to get you well so you two can go riding together when he returns!\" \"All right.\" Ingeras sighed. He turned on his other side, moaning, where he could shield his eyes from the sunlight. \"I'll be back.\" Mirena told him. She briskly left the room and began breathing heavily. Vlad had been gone less than five hours, and already she ached for him to be back here at her side to be the strong one through this. Already they had a predicament that was more than they knew how to deal with. \"Please, please, Lord.\" Mirena moaned. \"Please heal him and restore his health! Please don't let this illness take his life!\" Mirena hurried into the castle's main corridor, calling for one of the servants and commanding him to fetch the physician down in the village. \"Maria, we need cloths and a bowl of cool water brought to Ingeras's room!\" Mirena told the governess who scurried away to fulfill the command. \"Mother, what's the matter?\" Sarai asked. \"Ingeras is ill. He has a burning fever.\" Mirena said, firmly biting her lip. She had to be strong, for her children's sake. But it was an inward struggle. Oh, Vlad! Why did you have to go, today of all days? Not that she truly believed this was his fault. She knew it wasn't. But how much she missed him terribly, especially right now! She prayed he would have a speedy, safe journey and come back home very quickly. \"Oh, Mother!\" Sarai gasped. \"Now, now,\" Mirena spoke gently, touching her hands, \"we must be brave and help restore your brother to health.\" \"But, shouldn't we send for Papa?\" Sarai asked. \"No, not at the moment.\" Mirena shook her head. \"Will you help me tend your brother?\" \"Of course!\" Sarai agreed. The physician came and examined the little prince, who moaned and whimpered from his sleep being disturbed and being uncomfortably touched. Mirena, Sarai, and Maria waited for the doctor to speak. \"My lady, I'm afraid he is very ill.\" He told Mirena. \"Has he recently traveled anywhere outside of this mountain?\" \"We visited Cozia Monastery a couple weeks ago.\" Mirena said. \"Ohh.\" The physician shook his head. \"But we all went!\" Sarai spoke up. \"We were all there, and I feel fine.\" \"What is it, doctor?\" Mirena asked worriedly. \"I'm afraid there has been an epidemic of this fever there for the passed week. People have been dying, especially children.\" Sarai gripped Mirena's arm frightfully. \"Then why haven't the rest of us come down with it?\" Mirena asked firmly. \"It is still possible. Some children are more susceptible to it than others. He must be carefully watched and tended to every hour on the hour. And you all must be very careful, as it could cause an outbreak in this castle.\" \"Well take care of him...together.\" Sarai smiled. The doctor gave Ingeras some medicine then departed. News quickly spread throughout Castle Dracula that their young prince was quite sick. Everybody wanted to help do something. Brother Lucien prayed throughout the day and night. To keep the sickness from spreading, the only ones who were allowed to come into Ingeras's room were Mirena, Sarai, Maria the governess, and the doctor. The three ladies spelled each other caring for Ingeras. It was finally night on that long, first day. Mirena had hardly left her son's bedside. Sarai stepped inside his room with a tray of food. \"Shh! Don't wake him.\" Mirena shushed her. \"I just got him to sleep. He's been so miserable.\" \"Aww.\" Sarai grunted. \"I brought you some supper. Amethyst thought you'd want to eat it in here.\" \"Oh, thank you, dear.\" Mirena smiled. \"Mother, why don't you eat in your bedroom and take a break? I'll sit here with Ingeras.\" Sarai suggested. \"No, that's okay.\" Mirena shook her head. \"Have you eaten yet, darling?\" \"I tried to.\" Sarai hung her head. \"It feels cold and lonesome around here.\" \"I know.\" \"Is there anything else I can do to help?\" \"Make sure the servants are doing their jobs.\" Mirena told her. Sarai left the room. Ingeras moaned in his sleep and shivered. \"Momma?\" He whimpered with his eyes closed. \"Yes?\" Mirena asked softly. \"I don't feel good.\" \"I know, my love, and I'm sorry.\" Mirena smiled sympathetically. \"But we're trying to get you better.\" \"Papa? Where's Papa?\" Ingeras asked sadly. \"He had to go on a small trip, but he should be back in a few days.\" Mirena nodded. I hope! \"I want Papa.\" Ingeras moaned. \"I know. I know.\" Mirena said, and dabbed his face with a damp cloth. \"I'm sorry. I miss him too.\" \"That's cold!\" Ingeras shivered. \"Yes, but it will help draw out the fever.\" Mirena told him. \"I want Papa.\" \"Shh. Try to get some sleep.\" Mirena patted his arm. \"I want Papa. I miss Papa...I...wanna see...Papa...\" Ingeras meowed, drifting back into a restless sleep. The servants asked the young princess if there was anything more they could do to help cure Ingeras. Sarai shook her head, saying they couldn't do more than what they already were. It was passed Sarai's bedtime when she reentered her brother's room. \"Here, Mother.\" She offered Mirena a cup of coffee. \"Oh, thank you!\" Mirena smiled tiredly. \"You can go to sleep now. I'm having a cot brought in here so I can tend your brother.\" \"I'll sit with him now, if you want to stretch your legs.\" Sarai offered. \"I'm fine.\" Mirena insisted. \"You get some sleep. I'm going to really need your help tomorrow.\" \"All right, but please wake me up, Mother if he gets worse!\" Sarai begged. \"I will. Goodnight, my sweet.\" Mirena kissed her daughter's cheek. \"Don't forget to say your prayers!\" \"I won't!\" All through the night, Mirena stayed at Ingeras's bedside. The next morning, he was still ill. Sarai spelled her mother. For three days, Ingeras was ill. Mirena, Sarai, and the governess tended him day and night, trying to draw out the fever, trying to warm him up when his little body shook with chills, and trying to reassure him that Vlad would return home as soon as he could. He kept asking and asking for his father. Sarai read one of her stories to Ingeras. While it usually entertained him, this time it put him to sleep. But he did give her a smile out of it. They all ached for Vlad to return, worse than usual. He wasn't a doctor, he couldn't heal his son, but there was just an essence that everything would be made better if Vlad would just come home! It was the fifth night and Ingeras was as sick as ever. Mirena was so afraid for his life, and Sarai could tell, even though Mirena tried hard to act brave. The physician had come earlier in the evening, and had grimly told them that this fever had taken the lives of several children at Cozia Monastery. He examined Ingeras and told them they should prepare for the worst. Mirena and Sarai were heartbroken. They refused to let their son and brother die. It was near midnight. Sarai stepped into her brother's room for the umpteenth time and brought a mug of hot coffee to Mirena. Mirena tried to smile but it didn't reach her nose. \"Thank you, my sweet.\" She whispered to Sarai. \"Oh, Mother. Do you think Ingeras will...will make it?\" Sarai moaned. \"Yes, yes he will!\" Mirena declared would not believe otherwise. \"We must pray harder.\" \"I wish Papa would come home!\" Sarai exclaimed. \"He will.\" Mirena pulled her daughter to her. \"He will. Why don't you go to bed, my love? You've been such a wonderful help to me. You need some rest. Go and get some sleep.\" \"No.\" Sarai shook her head. \"I can't! I'm going to stay up and help you, Mother.\" \"But, darling if you don't get proper rest, you could become ill too.\" \"I don't care.\" Sarai said stiffly. \"Well, I do!\" Mirena snapped, startling Ingeras in his light, unhappy sleep. Sarai's lip trembled. \"I'm sorry, Sarai. I'm sorry!\" Mirena sniffled. \"It's just that...I can't bear the thought of possibly losing both my children!\" \"Oh, Mother.\" Sarai sniffled too, wrapping her arms around Mirena's shaking shoulders. \"Would you like me to get some fresh water?\" \"Yes. Yes, that would be a big help.\" Mirena smiled wearily. \"Thank you, Sweetheart. You're being a real blessing.\" Sarai quietly nodded and walked out. Sarai heavily tromped down the stairs through the dark halls of the castle, back down to the kitchen where the servants were keeping fresh supplies at hand when Mirena requested them. The large castle was eerily silent. Sarai felt very alone. Even though he often begged her to play when she'd rather be writing, she loved her little brother dearly. She didn't want Ingeras to die! \"Oh, Papa! Where are you?\" Sarai cried, not forbidding the tears of worry and hurt. \"Why don't you come home? We need you so!\" She wailed, doubling over, trying to stifle her sobs. \"God, please don't let Ingeras die!\" She looked up at the ceiling. \"He's our family. Please don't take him away from us!\" She didn't hear the heavy, familiar footsteps just entering that very hall. \"Sarai.\" Vlad's deep, soft voice said quietly. Sarai's head shot up and she looked wide-eyed in his direction. \"My darling.\" Vlad smiled, reaching out his arms. \"Papa!\" Sarai sobbed and ran to him. He caught her up in his arms and held her close as she clasped his broad shoulders. \"You're back!\" Sarai whimpered in his shoulder. \"Yes, darling. I'm back.\" Vlad said reassuringly. He kissed her wet cheek. \"Oh, Papa. Ingeras is very sick.\" Sarai blubbered. \"He isn't getting better, and he misses you so. He asks for you every time he wakes up. We've tried to help him, but...\" \"I'm sorry, daughter.\" Vlad told her. \"I'm so sorry! I didn't know until I reached the castle gates. Several of the villagers ran to me and told me as soon as I arrived. I wish I had been here with you to help you.\" \"Mother has barely left his room at all. She's in there now.\" Sarai whimpered. \"All right. I'm home now, Sweetie. It's all right.\" Vlad said softly. Sarai hugged his neck. He slinked his other arm under her legs and carried her to his and Mirena's bed chamber. He set her on the bed and removed her shoes. \"What are you doing?\" Sarai asked. \"You may sleep in here tonight.\" Vlad told her. \"I have to help Mother.\" Sarai protested sadly, sitting up. Vlad gazed at her fondly. She wanted to be useful and help her brother, but her eyes were bloodshot and she looked bushed. \"No, no.\" Vlad shushed her quietly, pushing on her shoulders. \"You just lie back. That's it. Look, I'm proud of you for aiding your mother and your brother, especially in my absence. But you've done enough for today. Get some rest.\" \"Papa...\" Sarai tried to argue. Vlad just pulled the rich, velvet covers over her. \"Go to sleep, darling.\" He said firmly, but not harshly. He tenderly stroked her tired face. \"I'm here now. You deserve a rest. I'll help your mother tonight. You just get some sleep.\" Sarai's eyelids drooped. She reached her arms up for him. Vlad leaned down and hugged her tightly. \"I'm so glad you're home!\" Sarai exclaimed. \"So am I.\" Vlad smiled. \"Everything will be all right now.\" Sarai sighed against his chest. \"I hope so.\" Vlad said. He pulled back, set her back down on the pillows, and kissed her face. \"Goodnight, my princess.\" \"Goodnight, Papa.\" Sarai whispered. Vlad stood up, blew her a kiss, and quietly left. As Vlad neared his son's room, he heard Mirena crying. The distress in her voice tugged at him. \"Ingeras, please don't leave us!\" She wept. \"We love you so. I promise you father will come back. You must get well. You must! We can't lose you.\" Vlad stepped in the doorway. Mirena was lying on her son's bed, holding him close and stroking his face. He was still and the sweat on his little bare body glistened with fever. Vlad came to the bedside and leaned down. He touched Mirena's shoulders with his hands. \"Mirena,\" he whispered. \"Mirena, I'm here.\" Mirena's heart lept. It was his touch, his voice, his presence. She could feel it all around her, surrounding her like a ray of warm sunshine. She looked up through her tears. It was the most beautiful face she'd ever seen. She shook with sobbing tears of relief, exhaustion, fear, frustration. Vlad pulled her into his wondrous embrace as only he could give. She savored that hug with everything that she was. She anxiously kissed his face all over and her returned it. \"It's okay. I'm home now.\" He whispered to her. \"I've needed you here so much!\" Mirena cried. \"I know. I'm sorry.\" Vlad cupped her face. \"I never would've left had I known what was going on.\" His arms wrapped around Mirena, he looked down at his son. \"How is he doing?\" \"Not well.\" Mirena sniffled. Vlad let her go and sat down on the bed. Ingeras looked so weak, so oblivious to the world around him it was startling. Vlad shuddered to see his child looking so lethargic, as if he was dead already! He stroked his sweaty face and ran his hand through his wet curls. Vlad reached over to the basin of water, rang out the rag, and dabbed his son's face with it. Ingeras didn't stir. \"He's been ill since you left.\" Mirena sat down behind her husband, rubbing his back. \"We've tried to get his fever down, but it hasn't worked.\" \"Has he eaten anything at all?\" Vlad asked. \"Barely. I've tried to give him water every chance I get, but he won't take much. He's missed you so much. So have I.\" Mirena hung her head, leaning on his bicep. \"I missed you too.\" Vlad said. \"He asks for you all the time. He hasn't stopped. He's been so miserable. It's been difficult to keep him comfortable.\" \"Mph.\" Vlad grunted. He felt heavily guilty for not being here for his son, for his family when they'd needed him so. \"I'll sit up with him.\" \"Thank you, dear.\" Mirena sniffled. \"But I'm not going to leave him.\" Vlad turned toward her. \"Sweetheart, you're exhausted. I don't want you to fall sick too. If there's any change, I promise I'll wake you. But please, get some sleep.\" \"I'm fine.\" Mirena smiled wearily. She looked so drained. \"Mirena.\" Vlad said firmly, squeezing her hand. \"Please.\" He begged. \"I won't leave his side. I'll stay right here with him.\" \"All right.\" Mirena reluctantly agreed. \"But please wake me if there's any change!\" \"I will.\" Vlad gripped her hand and kissed it. \"I'm sorry I wasn't here to help you through this!\" \"Sarai's helped me so much.\" Mirena smiled fondly, though her eyes drooped. \"She's been so sweet, overseeing the servant's duties, bringing me refreshments, reading to her brother...she's so selfless.\" \"She's a real princess.\" Vlad agreed heartily. \"With a generous heart, just like her mother.\" He pulled Mirena's face to him and kissed her hard. \"You get some much needed rest, darling. I'll look after our son.\" \"I love you.\" Mirena whispered and slowly curled up on the cot on the floor. Vlad covered her up and caressed her hair. She was asleep within moments. Vlad slipped his arms under her and carried her to the master bed chamber. He tucked her in next to their slumbering daughter. He kissed her face then returned to his son. Vlad scooted closer to Ingeras's side. He gently dabbed his face, arms, and torso with the wet rag. \"I'm home now, Ingeras. It's okay, son.\" He said sadly, tears swelling in his eyes. \"I love you. Please get well for your mother. You have to recover, for all of us. Our people need selfless, brave lads like you.\" He kissed Ingeras's head, and continued tending him. It was breaking dawn. Ingeras slowly began to stir. He flitted his soft blue eyes open and glanced around. Vlad was lying on his side, sleeping, nestled as close to his son as possible with his long arm draped across him. Ingeras's eyes lit up. He hugged his father's arm and clutched it. \"Papa, you're home!\" He announced excitedly. \"Ohhh...\" Vlad grunted loudly, stirring slightly. He blinked and stretched hard. \"You're back!\" Ingeras grinned at him. \"Hmm?\" Vlad yawned, then looked at his son. \"Why aren't you asleep?\" \"I woke up. And found you!\" Ingeras smiled. \"Mph.\" Vlad kissed his head. \"How do you feel, son?\" \"Hungry.\" Ingeras whined. \"When did you come home?\" \"Last night.\" Vlad explained as he rubbed his son's stomach. \"You were sleeping, very heavily.\" \"Why didn't Momma wake me up?\" Ingeras moaned. \"You were sick, you needed your rest.\" Vlad said. He felt Ingeras's forehead with the back of his hand. \"I think your fever has left! Thank God.\" \"Can we go riding today, Papa?\" Ingeras asked. Vlad laughed heartily. \"Not so fast, my big soldier! I'm afraid we can't today.\" \"Why not?\" Ingeras frowned. \"Son, you just got over being very ill. If you get up and play, you could become sick again. You still need to recover.\" \"But I feel good.\" \"I know, I know.\" Vlad shushed him gently. \"But your mother will be furious with me and send me to the guillotine if she knew I let you out of bed too soon!\" \"Not so. Momma wouldn't do that!\" Ingeras corrected him. \"No, of course not.\" Vlad cleared his throat. \"It was a joke! I was trying to cheer you up.\" \"That wasn't funny, Papa!\" Sarai scolded as she appeared. \"It was dreadfully morbid.\" \"And good morning to you too.\" Vlad grinned sheepishly. \"But, you're right. I suppose it was.\" \"Ingeras, you're awake!\" Sarai smiled. \"And I'm better.\" \"I'm glad.\" Sarai sighed with relief. \"Sarai, why don't you get your brother something to eat?\" Vlad suggested. \"The inner man is crying for nourishment.\" \"Yes. I'm starving!\" Ingeras agreed, patting his bare stomach. \"Can you bring me some tarts, Sarai? Please?\" He begged, with puppy dog eyes. Sarai chuckled. \"Well, all right, Your majesty. Since you've been so ill.\" Then she narrowed her eyes at Vlad. \"I'm going to tell Mother on you, you know.\" \"Ohh.\" Vlad pretended to shudder, grinning playfully. \"Oh, dear. I'm afraid I'm in for it.\" \"Can't I do something today, Papa?\" Ingeras moaned, looking up at him sadly. \"Yes, you can rest and build your strength back up.\" Vlad told him firmly. \"Hey, I had an exciting trip. I'll sit with you and tell you all about it, if you be good and don't give your mother a fuss.\" Ingeras considered it thoughtfully. \"Will Momma really be cross with you?\" He asked. \"I'm afraid she will.\" Vlad nodded. \"If I let you make yourself ill again.\" \"Well, I suppose I could stay in bed.\" Ingeras sighed. \"I think that is a wise decision.\" Vlad poked his nose in approval with his index finger. \"After all, we don't want Momma to become cross, do we?\" Ingeras grinned up at Vlad. Mirena was the sweetest, gentlest soul they'd ever known. But it was disparaging when she was moody or unhappy. If Mirena wasn't happy, the whole castle was unhappy. \"Noo!\" Vlad shook his head, wide-eyed. \"No, we do not want that!\" \"Vlad, just what have you been telling these children about me?\" Mirena asked with her hands on her hips when she came in. Vlad looked up at her innocently. \"Nothing incriminating, I assure you, my love.\" He smiled guiltily. \"Sarai said you were talking about me!\" Mirena replied. Vlad flashed her a winning, toothy grin. Mirena tried hard to frown. He knew she could never resist it. She turned her attention on her son, whom she'd been so worried about the night before. \"How are you feeling, son?\" She asked, sitting next to him on the other side of the bed. She ruffled her hand through his hair. \"I feel good, Momma.\" Ingeras announced proudly. \"I really wanted to get up and go riding, but Papa won't let me. He says I have to stay in bed.\" Ingeras moaned, hoping his pitiful voice would persuade Mirena to butter her husband up to change his mind. Mirena arched her eyebrows in surprise and gaped at Vlad. He just shrugged. But he knew he'd pleased her. \"And he's right.\" Mirena stated. Ingeras groaned and flopped back down in the pillows. He'd shot and missed. \"You have to get your strength back. Now, how about some breakfast?\" \"Yes!\" Ingeras exclaimed. \"Then after that, I'm sending for the doctor.\" Mirena said. \"Oh no.\" Ingeras moaned. Vlad was still lying next to him. \"He's just going to make me feel all bad again.\" \"Don't argue with your mother.\" Vlad whispered to him. \"Trust me, you can't win!\" Then he poked his son's armpits. Ingeras giggled. \"Papa, don't.\" He scolded. Vlad ran his fingers up and down the back of his son's neck. \"Ahhaha. Papa, stop!\" Ingeras pleaded. Vlad just chuckled. \"Vlad, you mustn't.\" Mirena tried to protest, bumping his shoulder with her fist. \"He's still weak. You must not overexcited him!\" Vlad halted and grabbed her. He dipped her into his lap and kissed her hard. After all the stress they'd gone through-without his support-in worrying over and praying and hoping for Ingeras to survive, they needed a good laugh. They needed to release their emotions held in for too long. He was trying to make them feel better. It was the least he could do. Mirena grinned up at him. Then he furiously tickled her sides with his long fingers. \"Ahh! Vlad, stop!\" She laughed out loud. \"Stop it, you big...Ohff. Release me, I beg you!\" Ingeras giggled in the pillows. \" Never!\" Vlad playfully growled. \"Hey, what's going on in here?\" Sarai asked as she entered with a tray of strawberry tarts and cocoa. \"Papa, what are you trying to do to Mother?\" Vlad and Mirena looked up at her. \"Just letting out some much needed giggles.\" He smirked naughtily. Ingeras sat up and tugged back on his father's jacket. \"Don't worry, Mother. We'll save you!\" Sarai declared. She put the tray aside and sprang forward on the bed. She jumped onto Vlad from his side and tried to pull him off of Mirena. He let out an exaggerated groan. Before he knew it, he was on top of Mirena. Shrugging, they kissed each other while Sarai and Ingeras hugged their father from behind. Now that he was home, everything would be all right. Vlad was lying on the sofa in the drawing room, taking a breather after a long morning overseeing tasks for the next week. He rubbed his temple. Ingeras bounced into the room. He flipped onto the sofa and wormed his way up to Vlad's face. \"Can we go riding today, Papa? Please?\" He begged. Vlad smiled wearily. \"Of course.\" He yawned. \"In a couple hours.\" \"How about now?\" Ingeras asked. \"Oh, not now, son. Papa's tired.\" Ingeras wouldn't take no for an answer. He'd felt so cooped up the passed two weeks, stuck in bed, recovering from his recent sickness. And his energy levels were escalated, needing to burst out. He hopped on Vlad's stomach. Vlad grunted loudly. Then he gave in. \"All right. All right.\" He sighed. \"Goodie!\" Ingeras cheered and hopped off. \"Come on, Papa. Let's go!\" He tugged on Vlad's arm. \"I'm coming. I'm coming.\" Vlad told him. He laughed in exhaustion as he was dragged outside. \"Now, be careful and don't overdue it.\" Mirena warned her son. \"Don't worry about me, Momma. The doctor said I'm all better! Come, Papa!\" Ingeras smiled. Vlad glanced helplessly at Mirena as he staggered after his overly energetic son. \"Have a nice time.\" Mirena smiled. \"He's definitely recovered!\" Sarai exclaimed as she watched them. \"Indeed.\" Maria the governess agreed. \"It's good to see him so full of life again.\" To think that only two weeks ago, Ingeras had been weak and dangerously sick. It had been such a scary time for them. Now it was as if it had never happened! The ladies smiled as they watched father and son ride off into the fields, the son racing off ahead and the father trying to catch up to him. Hope you liked it. Reviews are welcome.[Chapter 2] While they are courting, Vlad and Mirena take a horse back ride, trying to get to know each other better. He wanted the day to be perfect! It was such a lovely day. The horizon did appear overcast, but at Castle Dracula, it was perfectly sunny with birds chirping and little critters scurrying about. It was as if nature itself was trying to offer encouragement to the nervous prince. Vlad Tepes was inhaling and exhaling deep breaths to calm his anxiety. She had agreed to getting to know him better. She had agreed to meet with him and explore each other's personalities. Vlad hoped desperately that he wouldn't screw this up. For the first time in his life, he had asked to court a young lady, and he had no idea what he was in for. She was beyond lovely, with a dazzling personality that far outshone her obvious outward beauty. \"Mirena,\" Vlad whispered wistfully to himself. Yes, Mirena! That was her name. A fittingly regal name for such a poised lady. He'd been afraid to speak to her, expecting her to despise him for his past life. But, with a little 'encouragement' from Dimitru, Vlad had finally gathered the courage to speak to her. Mirena had smiled, absolutely surprised that he, the prince, had singled her out. He'd asked her where she was from, where she hoped the future would take her, and before he knew it, he'd asked her if she'd like to visit his castle. She'd said yes! After asking her father's permission to seek her hand, they'd agreed to meet today. Vlad was waiting impatiently in the large courtyard, shuffling his boots, and trying to extinguish the frittering butterflies in his stomach. He was excited, he was nervous, he was...absolutely terrified. Dimitru walked up to him. He couldn't help grinning at his good friend's timidity. \"Case of the jitters? You know, you'll exhaust your ribs, breathing in and out like a horse in labor like that.\" Dimitru commented. Vlad rolled his eyes. \"What are you talking about?\" He asked guiltily. \"Come now, my friend. I know what's going on.\" Dimitru nudged his arm with his elbow. \"She is dazzling, isn't she?\" \"Aye.\" Vlad whispered. \"Gorgeous. Did you see her smile?\" \"Mmm...nope!\" Dimitru shrugged. \"I was keeping my mind on more important things.\" \"I've never been out with a young lady before, Dimitru.\" Vlad finally looked at him. \"And she's the first one who's ever looked at me as if I were really a human being, instead of a freak! What if...what if I say something ridiculous...\" \"Oh, you will.\" Dimitru chuckled. \"No. I'm serious.\" Vlad groaned. \"What if I go back into my shell, like I was when I first returned home from being with the Turks? What if I take my anger out on her? What then? I don't want to hurt her feelings! And I really don't want to scare her away!\" \"Well, I guess you'll just have to mind your attitude...because here she comes!\" Dimitru announced. Vlad's eyes widened as they watched the black carriage drive up. The driver halted the horses. A footman opened the left door, and helped a woman step down. There she was! Vlad's heart beat in a tidal wave of emotions. He'd never seen her outdoors before, and the sun only enhanced her already breathtaking beauty! She smiled as she approached them. \" What do I do now?\" He whispered helplessly to Dimitru. \" Talk to her!\" Dimitru snorted. \"Don't be a dolt.\" Vlad loudly cleared his throat, held his head high, straightened the lappets on his shirt, and with a deep breath, he stepped forward. \"Welcome, Miss.\" He bowed, biting his lip. Mirena smiled and curtsied to him. \"Thank you, my lord.\" She murmured. Vlad's face glowed warm. Her voice was like silk. \"I trust your journey was not too nerve-wrecking.\" He said, taking her hand and kissing it. \"Not at all.\" Mirena said. \"Your country is so pretty. No, my trip was far from dull.\" Dull? She'd barely been able to contain her excitement at the prospect that she was going to see the dashing, timid, strong, but considerate man again! \"Splendid.\" Vlad nodded. \"Would you like to see more of it?\" \"I would.\" Mirena agreed. \"After you show me your enormous castle.\" \"Certainly. This way, my lady. Allow me to escort you.\" Vlad smiled widely. His arm tingled and so did her fingers as she lay her hand on his while he led her inside the castle. \"It's best not to wander off if you don't know your way around.\" Dimitru said to Mirena, uninvited. \"You could easily find yourself lost in a place like this.\" \"Indeed.\" Mirena arched her eyebrows. \" Nobody asked you!\" Vlad whispered to Dimitru. Dimitru trailed them until Vlad let out a very exaggerated \"Ahem!\" After a tour of the castle, Mirena asked if they could go riding. Vlad wasn't sure it would be safe for her, but agreed. He had her saddled up with his most mild charge, a beautiful chestnut mare, gentle as a kitten, while he rode his large black stallion. Dimitru and Cazan followed at a distance, acting as chaperones, though Cazan was griping at every nook and gulley for the cricks they were causing in his legs. Vlad kept a sharp eye on Mirena, being sure that she didn't slip or feel intimidated by this excursion. To his relief, she didn't seem the least bit scared. Quite the contrary, she looked as if she was enjoying herself. He didn't notice the secret glances she kept throwing his way, trying to get a good look at his face. \"Ahem. Uhm...are you comfortable?\" He asked. \"Oh, yes. I'm fine.\" Mirena replied lightly. \"That's good.\" Vlad said. Then he didn't know what else to say. \"My father taught me how to ride horses.\" Mirena spoke, as if reading his thoughts. \"Oh. You have a good hand.\" Then silence again. \"Are you all right?\" Mirena cocked her head. \"Sure.\" Vlad stared at her. \"Why would you ask such a question?\" \"Oh, I don't know.\" Mirena said nonchalantly, throwing him a smile. \"You just seem...a bit timid.\" \"It's nothing.\" Vlad shook his head. Mirena gave an incredulous chuckle. \"What do you say, we go a little faster?\" She suggested. \"You want to?\" Vlad asked in surprise. \"Aye.\" Mirena nodded. Maybe a little activity will help loosen up that shy facade. His brave countenance did not match his shy manner right now. He was wise and dedicated, she just knew it. Only he seemed to be trying to hide it in a back corner. Mirena was most curious about what was going on through that colorful brain of his. \"If you like, I suppose.\" Vlad reluctantly agreed. \"But we must be careful. There are ruts, and rocks.\" \"And scared rabbits, no doubt.\" Mirena added. Vlad furrowed his brows. Was she flirting with him? He couldn't help smiling. \"Quite.\" He said. They trotted along, their faces basking in the sun rays that illuminated the land, with Vlad pointing out monumental spots in his family's history. They were deciding to dismount and give the horses a rest for a while, when a frightened rabbit unexpectedly scurried in front of them, trying to escape his pursuer of a fox. Vlad's stallion snorted and wriggled. \"Whoa, whoa, easy there, boy.\" Vlad patted his neck. Mirena's horse, however, had been quite startled by the sudden movement of the smaller creatures and threw her head back. Vlad was flabbergasted. \"Whoa, whoa! Easy, girl. Easy. Steady there.\" Mirena said. But the skittish mare snorted and squirmed. \"Steady, girl.\" Vlad said and tried to take the reins. But it did no good. The chestnut horse reared wildly, and took off at a full gallop, bouncing Mirena up and down like a row boat on the sea. \"WHOA!\" Mirena screeched, trying to bring the horse to a halt. \"Hang on, I'm coming!\" Vlad called after her. \"Let's go, boy!\" He kicked his shins hard into his horse's sides and urged him into a gallop. He rode after his guest as quickly as he could, adrenaline racing down his back, praying she'd be okay. \"Whoa, girl! Come on!\" Mirena hollered at her horse, tugging back tightly on the reins, for all the good it did. The mare raced through a small stream, not bothering to stop. \"Help!\" Mirena yelled. Vlad was almost there. They jumped flawlessly over the stream. \"Just hang on!\" Vlad told her. He was finally closing in, hoping to reach out his arm and take control of the reins. The mare saw her competition out of the corner of her eyes and picked up speed. \"Don't worry, Mirena. I'll be right there!\" Mirena's eyes widened when she saw herself heading straight into some underbrush and fallen pine trees. \"Ohhh….oh, oh dear.\" She gulped. She clung with all her might. \"LOOK OUT!\" Vlad yelled, his heart caught in his throat. The mare skidded to a halt, flailing, and threw her rider off. Mirena shrieked as she flew through the air and landed on a heap of scratchy green pine branches. The horse fled, but Vlad paid it no mind. He hoped frantically that Mirena hadn't been hurt! He would never forgive himself. He reached her, dismounted and ran to her side. \"Mirena? Mirena!\" He exclaimed, panic rushing through his veins. He touched her shoulder as he dropped to his knees beside her. \"Mirena? Are you all right? Can you hear me?\" She was on her side with her eyes closed. \"Mirena, please speak to me!\" Vlad begged. \"Ohff...\" Mirena grunted, wagging her head back and forth. She turned and sat up. \"Are you okay?\" Vlad gulped, his hands clenching her upper arms. \"Uhh...I...I think so.\" Mirena blinked, trying to regain her bearings. \"Are you in pain?\" Vlad asked, worriedly. \"Stay still. Do you hurt anywhere?\" \"I...I'm fine. I think.\" Mirena cleared her throat. Her face felt a little raw, she felt a scrape on her arm, she most likely had a few bruises, and her bottom hurt a little. But other than that, she didn't feel worse for wear. Vlad watched her closely, feeling her limbs and arms for anything out of place. \"I don't feel broken.\" Mirena said. \"How many fingers do I have?\" Vlad asked, holding up three fingers. \"Three.\" Mirena smiled. \"Does your head hurt?\" \"No.\" Mirena shook her head casually. He's adorable. Imagine, a big, strong soldier like him worried about little old me. \"I'm deeply sorry.\" Vlad shook his head sadly. \"I assure you, that has never happened before! I'm just glad you're not hurt! I'm so sorry. I don't know what got into her.\" He hung his head. \"It wasn't your doing.\" Mirena shrugged. \"My goodness, that was quite a ride!\" She chuckled. Vlad stared at her. He's expected her to chew him out for being careless, and nearly getting her killed. Her father surely would when he found out! But...she was laughing! Vlad pulled out his handkerchief. \"You have a bit of dirt on your face. Permit me.\" He wiped the smudge off her cheek. Their faces were very close now, and Mirena gazed into his eyes more closely. They were soft gray, eager, troubled, alive but sad, serene, yet haunted. It was like looking into the windows of a mysterious, intriguing book. Mirena felt herself anxious to learn those secrets. Vlad looked at her curiously. She was staring at him in a daze. \"Are...you all right?\" He asked. \"Hmm? Oh, yes. Couldn't be better.\" Mirena said wistfully. \"Oh, I'm so glad.\" Vlad breathed a sigh of relief. \"You think you can stand?\" \"I believe so.\" Vlad gripped her hands and slowly pulled her to her feet, still being cautiously of compromising any injury she wasn't telling him about. \"Dizzy?\" \"No.\" Mirena murmured. \"Well, we can be grateful I had a soft landing. Things could've been worse!\" \"Much worse!\" Vlad agreed. He didn't even want to think about what might have happened to her. \"Come, I must get you back to the castle so I can send you back home.\" \"Oh.\" Mirena sighed, hanging her head. \"What's the matter?\" \"Well, I wasn't exactly ready to leave yet.\" Mirena blushed shyly. \"You mean...you'd like to stay a little longer? After my horse nearly broke your neck?\" Vlad sputtered in astonishment. Mirena laughed. \"We agreed to spend the day together. Does our choice or lack of choices make a difference of what it is?\" She suggested. \"I...I suppose not.\" Vlad smiled. They met each other's eyes and just stared. Vlad helped her onto his stallion as they did head back toward the castle. \"Oh, dear. Your dress is torn and dirty.\" He grimaced guiltily. \"Oh no.\" Mirena groaned. \"That's just fine. Mother will not be happy about this. And this is my favorite dress too!\" \"I'm terribly sorry.\" Vlad moaned pitifully. \"It's nothing that can't be mended.\" Mirena assured him. He carefully led his horse along. He wasn't going to take another chance on Mirena being put in danger. He was blown away by her take on the whole mess. She'd laughed about it, she didn't blame him, and she still wanted to spend some time with him! Still, he felt bad for how she'd nearly become badly hurt. He had to make it up to her somehow. \"Ahh. There you two are!\" Dimitru chuckled when Mirena and Vlad came into view. Dimitru had the mare's reigns in his hand. \"We, uh, had a little trouble.\" Mirena said quickly. \"Trouble is all I've had since I agreed to this wild goose chase today.\" Cazan grumbled. He was relieved to see that the pair were not riding on the horse together! It wasn't as if they didn't want to, but Vlad was trying to be courteous and chivalrous. He didn't want to botch their visit in any way by being forward and indiscreet. \"Well, all is under control now.\" Vlad shrugged him off. \"Why don't you head back and rest that leg of yours? You'll feel much better.\" \"Nuh-uh.\" Cazan shook his head. \"I'm not going to vanish and leave you two scapegoats running around loose.\" \"As you wish.\" Vlad sighed. It would be much easier to talk to Mirena without his two chaperones hanging around, but Mirena decided to make the best of it, although she too wanted to be alone with Vlad. It was nearing early evening, and it was time for Mirena to leave. She had been warned to return home before dark. She and Vlad had explored the gardens and the stables when they'd returned. Her footman was escorting her into the carriage, but she was stalling, trying to catch one last glimpse of Vlad so she could say goodbye, but she didn't see him anywhere. She was nearly in tears when she heard his anxious voice yell, \"Wait!\" Vlad ran up to the group and Mirena quickly stepped back onto the ground. \"Here you are, my lady.\" Vlad smiled, holding out a large bouquet of rich red roses. \"Please accept them as my token of apology for your accident this afternoon.\" Mirena's face lit up and her delicate cheeks hurt from smiling so hard. She gently took the vivid blossoms. \"Thank you.\" She cooed. \"They're beautiful.\" Vlad puffed in relief. He stood with his hands behind his back. \"I felt awful for the incident. But I hope the flowers make up for it.\" He bit his lip. \"Never you mind about what happened. I had a delightful time today.\" \"Good. I'm just glad you weren't hurt.\" \"I'm glad you were there. Thank you for coming to my rescue.\" Mirena said flirtatiously. \"Oh.\" Vlad shuffled his boots in the dirt. \"I'm afraid it wasn't much of a rescue.\" \"Perhaps...may I see you again?\" Mirena asked eagerly, almost too eagerly. \"Would you like to?\" \"Yes. Very much.\" Vlad smiled wistfully. This girl was so different. He felt an impulsive urge to grab her face and kiss her ruby red lips. He could feel the drive running up and down his body. But, he resisted. However, it made him lightheaded to do so. \"Perhaps next time...next time...we could find something less faint-inducing to do.\" He finally said. He gently took her hand and allowed himself the liberty of kissing her palm. \"A safe journey, my lady.\" He whispered. \"You are a dear.\" Mirena giggled. Then she stood on her tiptoes, and lightly kissed his scruffy cheek. Vlad's eyes enlarged. His heart pitter-pattered at an irregular rhythm. She'd kissed him! \"Till we meet again.\" Mirena said when she stepped back. \"Thank you for a lovely afternoon.\" \"My pleasure.\" Vlad sputtered. The footmen offered his arm to help her into the carriage, but Vlad stood in front of him instead. Mirena cocked her head at him and took his offered hand. She climbed inside and sat down. Vlad closed the door, but smiled warmly. He stepped back as the carriage drove away. He watched longingly as Mirena was carried home into the sunset. Vlad sighed heavily. He could not wait to see her again. \"Well, that was a disaster, wasn't it?\" Dimitru teased him. \" Yes.\" Vlad nodded. \"A gorgeous disaster.\" \"I'm afraid you are inflicted with an incurable disease, my friend.\" Dimitru chided. Vlad grunted. \"Do shut up.\" ","Summary":" Hello! I'm not sure how long this story will be, but it will be a series of one-shots of Vlad and M"},{"Movie":"Dracula Untold","Title":"What We May Be","Author":"lena1987","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11255301","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The woods are lovely, dark and deep. But I have promises to keep, and miles to go before I sleep. Robert Frost. There is a woman who walks the lands, hooded and cloaked. She is an old woman; bent, frail. Across the grass, over the hills, she walks. She is in all of the forests, all of the lakes, all of the lands. She has many names, yet there is only one of her. And she is searching; always, she is searching. Her name is Baba Yaga, and she is searching for me. 1505, Bavaria I feel cold. The grass is shining beneath me, with the golden light of the sun. But I am cold. I do not understand it. My eyes are closed, the sun should warm my eyelids, should heat my hands that are outstretched beside me. It doesn't. I open my eyes, and I blink. Once, twice. The air is too light, too strange. My heart is pounding, racing in my chest. My chest. My chest heaves, and my body follows. Now I am sitting, palms on the ground behind me. The breaths come in quickly now; my memory is returning. My boy. My boy. I am running through the forest, pushing through the trees, my black hair catching on the branches. I want to scream but I am terrified and the words catch in my throat. I run and run and run – the forest is moving around me, I hear the leaves whispering to me, telling me their secrets, asking for my boy. But I cannot answer – I cannot answer. I find my boy, lying face down, the leaves around him stained with blood. Horse's hooves have trampled his body– someone has killed him and they have not even moved his tiny form. Now, my voice comes. I moan and thrash my fists on the ground, I wail and scream. I do not form words, I cannot think them. My boy. Like a mad woman, like Baba Yaga, I feel around on the ground, looking for anything. My eyes are trained on the body of my boy, but my hands flit around, looking for anything. When they find something, I turn. I see boots; black leather boots. I curl my fingers around their ankles, still wailing, still screaming. Strong hands hook under my arms and pull me up. They hold me at arms length as I drop my weight onto them, but the man does not budge. His arms stay straight. My head lolls back and he takes one step closer, his arms finally bending and then he bends me, too, folding my body up like an infant in his arms. I do not want to leave my son and I feel my strength return for one fleeting moment as I scream that I will not leave my boy, my little boy. The man pauses, as if deliberating. He shifts the weight of me and now I am cradled against his chest and his other arm is holding my son. I want to ask him how he can bear the weight – drop me instead and drag me behind him on a rope. Give my boy the dignity of both of his arms. But I cannot speak. The arm that is holding my boy has a gash on the wrist – a clean cut, blood still dripping from it. There is a dampness on my tongue. It tastes of iron, of something bitter that I cannot place. In my daze, I see the man bend his head of dark hair down towards me. Brown eyes connect with mine. \"I am sorry,\" I hear a gruff voice say and when his mouth moves I see that it is his. His mouth moves again and my fingers grip onto his vest. \"I tried,\" he says. I turn my face away from him, and stare at the lifeless body of my boy, held in his other arm. My boy has blood on his mouth, too. \"I tried.\" The man sets me down beside a tree. The trunk is thin, the branches are too wispy. \"The other one,\" I say. I have found my voice. He turns in confusion and I point at the tree beside it. \"That one.\" Without a word, he begins to dig at the base of the oak, quickly making a deep grave close to the roots. I nod in approval. The roots are huge – they snake around the trunk. They will protect my boy. I notice that he digs with his bare hands – yet not once does he falter. My boy's face is so beautiful that I do not want to cover it. But I do. I place coins over his closed eyes and wrap his face with my own scarf. I pray; to God, to Baba Yaga, asking them to take care of my boy. Protect him, return him to the earth. I try to lift my son's body but I cannot. My arms sag under the weight. The man is at my side in an instant and, somehow, he knows. He places his arms under mine, so that my skin is still against that of my boy's, and lifts for me. Together we place him into the grave. When nature has taken his body, swallowed him up with dirt and debris, I stand back and look at the freshly covered ground. \"Where are the other bodies?\" I ask the man. For how else have we managed to get here, and not come across the other bodies of those who died in their efforts to kill us. \"In the lake.\" \"The lake?\" I turn to him, incredulous. His head of black hair moves up and down in a nod. \"It won't like it,\" I admonish. \"It'll spit them back out.\" His dark brows fold over in a frown. \"How do you know?\" I turn away from him, from his confusion, his bewilderment. I turn back to my boy and kneel beside where his head is, only a few feet below my hands. The man crouches down beside me and trails his fingers over the disturbed earth. \"I am sorry,\" he says again. \"I did try.\" It is a poor apology for a woman who has lost her son. It is not an apology at all, but rather an admission of guilt. Not for my boy's death, for never did I believe that my boy could be saved once I saw their swords drawn. It is an apology for this man's failing, because somehow he should have been able to breathe life into my boy, but he hasn't. \"I know,\" I say. And I do know. Why? Because he managed to breathe life into me. 1509, Seville I stretch out on the bed, basking like a cat in the sunshine that my skin cannot even feel. \"My lady?\" I hear the foreign voice outside of the door and rise to open it, revealing the man's servant Shkelgim, a gypsy man, like me. \"The Prince would like to see you,\" he says, and hands me a goblet of rich, dark red liquid. I feel my strange, sharp fangs descending at the scent of it and nod, shutting the door to his kind, old face as my own rapidly transforms into that of a monster. When the man, or Vlad, as I now know him to be, told me of what I had become, I heaved onto the grass. Or I would have heaved, in another life. In my new, dead life, I dry wretched like a milksop who'd had too much Bavarian beer. He'd given me three days, to decide. But I had shook my head with a newfound resolve – I did not want to live. My son was not alive; why should I be? I wanted to die. I held my wrist under his chin and said: \"kill me, so I do not live.\" But Vlad only bent his nose to my skin and breathed in the scent, a strange mixture of blood and ice, he told me later, and dropped my wrist. It was then that he had introduced me to Shkelgim, whose blood, more often than not, flows through my veins instead of my own. I do not know how this gypsy is still alive, yet somehow he is. But perhaps we will need to find a new one, soon. I finish the goblet and stand at the window, looking out at the forest that begins from the back of this beautiful house. I whistle softly, calling to Baba Yaga – has she seen my son? I hear a faint sound carry through the wind and I smile. \"My lady?\" \"Yes,\" I turn and walk out of the room, down the corridor, up heavy wooden stairs and onto the man's floor. Everything is darker here, richer. I do not like it, truth be told. The carpets are too red for my taste, the wood too brown, the tapestries too dark. But I walk down the corridor anyway, trailing my fingers along the wall until I come to the door at the end that I open myself, not waiting for Shkelgim . Vlad is standing at his window, an identical goblet in his hand. He is exactly as he was when I first saw him – the same hair, the same body, the same skin. No new wrinkles, no new slivers of grey. He is wearing black. He always wears black. \"Alvina,\" he says quietly and tips the goblet in my direction. Perhaps in another life I would have curtsied to this Prince. Now I nod and go to stand at his side, looking out at the trees. How beautiful this land is! How warm! Perfect for Baba Yaga, and perfect for me, her descendent. The trees are endless, the land rolling here and flat there, and the sun! The sun shines decadently, like a beer that is cool instead of warm. I stretch out my hand to the pocket of sun near the window ledge and sigh in delight when my skin glows. Beside me, Vlad does the same but his sizzles like he has laid it on coals and not the wooden ledge. He hisses and removes it. I wonder, as I have done so many times, why Baba Yaga is still protecting me, daughter of nature, even though I am dead. But, as I have done so many times, I smile and silently thank her. She does not need to explain herself. \"Have you found anything?\" Vlad asks grimly. He is always grim. \"Still looking,\" I say absentmindedly, then look up at him. \"And the silk? Are you still pulling the line, a hand length each day?\" He nods. \"And you retie it?\" He nods again. \"We shall see what comes out of the lake when you reach the end,\" I say and cross my fingers, pinching the skin between my thumb and index finger twice. \"That is why I called for you,\" he admits. \"We need to leave.\" \"Oh,\" I say flatly, though I am not surprised. This land is too nice for us. \"Why?\" \"The same reasons…\" he shrugs. \"And perhaps I was too obvious when I raided that last ship. Their monopoly on the trade routes is becoming rather vexing.\" I laugh – I can't help it. I throw my head back and laugh, feeling my long hair brushing my waist. Vlad laughs too, but only for the smallest of seconds. He is looking at me – not fondly, not tenderly, only kindly. I see myself in the reflection of his eyes; still pale, still slim, brown eyes that only have the slightest of wrinkles at the sides, pink lips and black hair. I still look one and thirty, though by my count I am now five and thirty. \"We will leave before the silk line finishes,\" I predict, thinking of how I had tied foot after foot of thin silk, cast it into the lake and fastened it to a nearby tree. We have been waiting until Vlad pulls out enough that we are able to see what the lake gives him in return, on the end of the hook. There is always something. The spell always gives something. \"And you will be right,\" he smiles softly. \"Where?\" I ask next. \"I thought…\" he looks down at his feet, then back at me. \"Where do you want to go?\" Me? Vlad has never asked me. \"To my son, to your son,\" I answer immediately, then shrug. I know we cannot – not yet. \"To the sea,\" I say next. \"Do you know, I have never seen it?\" \"Yes you have,\" he replies blandly, undoubtedly thinking of our journeys over the last four years. \"No.\" A man wouldn't understand, even an undead one. \"I haven't. Haven't ever put my feet in it, haven't ever cast a spell with the salt water.\" Then I think. I feel a telltale chill. \"To the sea, but where it rains. We haven't tried sea water and rain water before.\" I am thinking of new spells, different mixes I can try. I am trying to find a way for Vlad to walk in the sun. I can, yet my maker cannot. It is the most amusing conundrum for me, as the loss of my son and the strangeness of being a monster has made me a cynic. But Vlad feels the loss of the sun keenly. He wants to walk in it again. And what he wants, I want. He nods. \"To England, then.\" . . . A/N Welcome to the story. I am aiming for a short, AU explanation of Vlad's years between the ending of the film and perhaps modern day but more than likely it'll leave off somewhere before that. I've taken inspiration from the Baba Yaga figure (baba: old woman, yaga: witch) in European folklore. My character is greatly influenced by Philippa Gregory's wonderful depicture of Elizabeth Woodville, a woman who is a descendent of the water goddess Melusina. A good read, if you have the time.[Chapter 2] 1505, Bavaria: Vlad What possesses me to follow the scent of blood? The same thing that always possesses me, I suppose; lust, intoxication, hunger. I am drawn to it like a bee to pollen, salt to meat. It has taken me not a small amount of years to learn self control, and I am still learning. The idea that I may finish off whatever is waiting for me in these woods is in the back of my mind, but I can hear the tiny heartbeat of a child beating wildly and I push the thoughts aside. I run, until I come upon the boy first. I cannot save him, I cannot. His body has been trampled by hooves, his sweet golden skinned face is already pale. His breath comes in gasps, but even as I stand over him, confused and torn, he opens his eyes and takes one gurgling breath, then he is limp. On the way to him I found men who were boasting in strange tongues about their finished work; I could not understand them, but for once I am thankful for being able to sniff out the sweat of adrenaline, of excitement, for surely these are man who have killed. And so they are my meal. And then I hear the screams. Not the mother, not the mother, not the mother, I chant, but I see a woman running and crying, looking like a woman of the wilds. Black hair follows, whipping past the branches. She is as dark as a moor. That is my first thought. She does not even see me; she throws herself on the ground over her son, wailing and screaming, her face sometimes on her boy, and other times raised to the sky, as if she is complaining to God, or the trees. Perhaps both. She is silent for a long moment, and I see that she has collapsed. Then I walk to her and crouch beside her, taking in the blood seeping from her side. I know Shkelgim will be upon us soon, and he will tell me to stop, but I tear my skin all the same, and I let the blood drip into her mouth. She coughs and splutters, and I step back. I do not know how long it takes her, but soon enough she is awake again, pawing around the ground, searching with her fingers. Searching for what? Me? Her fingers grip onto my boots, and I cannot look at her like this. I cannot look at any woman like this. This could be my wife, my Mirena. This could be my son, my Ingeras. So I pull her up and easily shoulder her weight; she could be a sheet of parchment, or a glass of wine, she is so slight. Later she asks me, where are the bodies, and I tell her they are in the lake. We are beside the trees, and I am digging a grave for her son with my hands. She looks at me, and life comes to her black eyes for a second. \"It won't like it,\" she admonishes me. In the second that life comes to her, I see her anew – her voice is stronger, her breath comes quicker. \"How do you know?\" I ask desperately, but she turns away from me. I feel cold for a moment; I am never cold. When I have finished covering her son with fresh earth, I hear a bubbling of the lake. I turn and in horror, I see the bodies of the killers have floated to the surface, in the middle of the lake. They are so still that I think they could be resting on the water. \"Why did they…\" I begin, looking for a motive, wondering how far I will need to take her before I can leave her somewhere safe, away from murderous thieves. But the woman beside me takes a deep breath in and blows. I feel the air from her mouth graze my skin as it goes out onto the lake, and suddenly the men drop. They are not swallowed slowly, the water around them drops, and they drop with it. They are no more. It takes only a small moment, and soon the water is still, with no ripples at all. I turn to the woman, fighting off a shudder of revulsion. I realise why she has been targeted. I realise that I have saved a witch. 1510, Calais: Vlad After five years with the witch, we have come to an agreement. She wanted to die, I did not want to see her wasted. And so we travel together, searching for a way for me to walk in the sunlight. She can. How? I do not know, but I am thankful that she, at least, wishes to extend such a blessing to me. Alvina asks that I take her to the sea, where it rains. I know of nowhere other than England that has such temperamental weather. We are in the port of Calais, and we are walking on one of the beaches. It does not rain, not like the English mainland, but we are on our way, at least. I am waiting for the tide to change, for the wind to be favourable, and then we will take a ship across the channel. It is sunset. I like sunset. I can see clearly even at night, but sunset is the reminder that there has been a day; a day of sun, a day of light. I have not walked in the light for many, many years. Alvina is at the water's edge. She looks like a nymph. She is wearing a lilac coloured gown, which is tempting fate, I tell her, as purple is a colour only for royals. Remain inconspicuous, please, Alvina. She laughed when I said that, and clapped her hands and stuck her hand in the pocket of her skirt and produced a long, purple ribbon. She held her palm out to me, and I placed a charm into it, and she tied the charm onto the ribbon. Now she is standing in the water, her skirts held in her teeth, her ankles bare in the salty liquid. I swallow and look away from her show of skin. I do not know why, but my ever lasting mouth feels dry when I catch a glimpse of her calves. I look down at the sand and bury my feet in it instead. Alvina is dangling the charm into the water, whispering something or other, I do not try to hear her. She swirls it around and around. I stand and watch her for hours, until the moon is high above us. It is one of the biggest moons I have seen. I raise my thumb and try to cover the circle with it; I cannot. \"A good sign,\" Alvina nods at the moon, and at me. I shrug in response. I am in no hurry; all I have is time. 1519, England: Alvina I am late. Very, very late. I pick up my skirts and run through the streets, ignoring the whistles and calls from men stumbling out of taverns. It is not proper for a woman to run, certainly not in the evening, so they think they can make a meal out of me. I politely do not tell them that I lack only the bread to make a meal out of them. I rush through the alleys and past an endless stream of rickety houses, perched precariously along the cobblestone streets. Finally, I come to the destination I am seeking. The market in the evening is bustling, still. It is respectable – I have reached the affluent side of London, and so I slow down and adjust my French hood, making sure that my hair is neat underneath. I do not like these hoods – they make me feel dowdy and heavy, but English women are not seen without one, and so I play my part well. At least it is not a Spanish hood, like the one the Spanish Queen wears. I feel sorry for her, for 'Good Queen Kath', which is what they call her on the streets around me. But I am not sorry that the English woman who is tempting her husband likes the French hood, because now we all of us can wear the dainty little thing, instead of the box. I run a hand over my necklace of pearls and step daintily past the lines of ribbon, smiling cheekily when the young men bow and gesture for me to enter. I am feeling pretty, in a dress of spring green, the waist bound tight enough to highlight the swell of my breasts that do not thud with a heartbeat. I walk slowly around the market, until I arrive. Vlad is there, in black of course, as he said he would be, as he always is. He notices me immediately and shakes his head, arching his eyebrow ever so slightly. I shrug my shoulders and go to stand at his side and we watch the actors read their lines. It is a play, about love. Courtly love, of course. Where the women are ethereal moons and the men are stars that circle them. It is ridiculous to me, but I clap along nonetheless. When the play finishes, Vlad offers me his arm and I place my gloved hand onto his sleeve. \"Did you find anything, wife?\" he asks, and I grin like a cat. Our façade in London is this: we are married, a husband and wife from a rich estate near Calais . Exotic enough to be interesting, but safe enough to move through Tudor England without tempting the King's paranoia. Henry's England has paranoia by the bucket-loads, Vlad tells me. He says that the red headed King sees enemies behind broom sticks, and that I had better be careful and not be too obvious, I had better not consult herbalists or read the cards for noble little girls that we sometimes meet on the roads. When he told me that, I leant out of our window in Calais and whistled until black clouds rolled in and fat dollops of rain smacked the windowpanes. Vlad only arched an eyebrow at me. He is used to my theatrics. So far, we have been siblings, cousins, uncle and niece. The dullest was playing siblings – no one approached me, in fear of my older 'brother', yet now that I am supposedly married, I am apparently much more desirable. Vlad does not bat an eyelid, though I have noticed that he accompanies me more often these days. We have also been apart. It has been fourteen years since the day my son died, and I grew frustrated at the sixth year mark. I left my maker and went to the forests, spending countless days meandering through the trees, looking for Baba Yaga, looking for my son. Vlad, too, has left once or twice. He likes to play his hand in the wars that spring out every few years. I tell him that he should have been born an Englishman, during the Cousin's War, the War of the Roses, so he could always spend his anger on the battlefield. In the market, I let him lead me around the stalls. They have been erected on crisp, clean grass, to give the nobility a taste of country living, even though most are 'baron' this, or 'duke' that, or 'earl' of whereveriwant. Most of them here hail from the country; or rather, from the peaceful, flower filled rolling hills, though they cannot name what is being planted, nor the herbs growing in their gardens. Sometimes men whisper in my ear that their blood is rooted in the wild lands of the north, near the borders. I roll my eyes. My 'husband' is wilder than they will ever know. We stop at the far end, near a stream that is bubbling away. At least, the others think it a stream. Baba Yaga would shake her head, amazed. I do, too, as it is a fountain that a donkey has to walk around, prompting water to flow around the pipes and make a pleasing, trickling sound. \"I have,\" I finally answer and I stick my hand in one of the hidden pockets in my skirt and offer him three silver spoons. \"Silver?\" \"The very same,\" I say. I have tied ribbons onto the ends of them, all in the same blue colour. \"Choose one.\" I am very smug when he takes one – it does not seem to bother his skin and he stares at it, then at me. He wants to ask 'how', but I shrug in advance. I don't know; it was simply a guess that silver given from my hand to his will not hurt him. He unwraps the ribbon, and looks at the tiny letters. \"What does it say?\" I ask, near breathless. Vlad looks at it again. He laughs, one of the only real laughs I have ever heard. He throws his head back and laughs into the night sky and I laugh, too. \"What does it say?\" I press him, curling my fingers around his arm to draw his attention back to me. \"Navarre,\" he pronounces with an indulgent shake of his head. \"Navarre?\" I frown. I think of the three places I wrote on the ribbons: Burgundy, Scotland, Rome. All came to me in a dream, where I had been walking in the sun, a black haired man beside me. I did not write Navarre. Suddenly I am smiling up at him, feeling a well of joy uncurling in my stomach. I am happy, to see my magic bending so it encompasses him, too. \"Navarre, then,\" I agree and when he takes my hand to place it into the crook of his elbow, I feel a sudden, strange wish that I might remove my gloves, to feel his bare skin that I can see glimpses of through the slashes of his sleeves. . . . A/N Alyssa; thank you! ","Summary":" The woods are lovely, dark and deep. But I have promises to keep, and miles to go before I sleep. R"},{"Movie":"Dracula Untold","Title":"Hunter's Memoires","Author":"Kerrigan Winchester","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12092937","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 – And So It Goes A kick in the family jewels will have any man doubling over in pain, clutching his groin with both hands... if he is a normal person - and a mortal. But then, he isn't, and Mira frowned, as she gripped the sawed off shotgun tightly in both hands, anticipating the retaliation that will surely come any second now. The male vampire was drooling – badly. Well, vampires are always rabid, especially if breakfast is served early in the morning in a form of a virginal-looking female smirking at him, mocking his capacity to kill her in an instant. Vampires love it when they are being taunted by their prey. It makes them feel more powerful than ever, and will gladly take up the challenge of subverting the hunter that hunts them. Mira's awareness gets even more heightened just by anticipating the vampire's next move. Although her reflexes are smoother than oil, when the creature faked to pounce at her from the left, he actually tried to grab her from the right – which Mira easily dodged. The huntress has had more encounters with vampires than any woman her age, and for her, they've become predictable – even boring, at times. Even if the vermin are getting more and more intelligent in every encounter, she knows that her hunter's instinct always kicks in to save her neck. Hunting had been Mira's life for as long as she can remember. Her parents were both hunters – not just of vampires, but of other creatures that fill a child's nightmare as well. There were ghosts, ghouls, demons, vengeful spirits – anything that walks, gaits, crawls or flies. In short, anything with claws, fangs or tails, her parents hunt them. Mira remembers her mother say that, nearly two decades ago, hunters were nothing but a ragtag band of farmers and factory workers who decided to stand up and acknowledge that \"there are things out there that go bump in the night.\" They had taken upon themselves the noble cause of ridding the world of these unsavory and unnatural pests that prey on human flesh, blood and brains. (Zombies, anyone?) Mira learned from her parents that there was a time, not so long ago, that a mechanic had to repeatedly stab his wife, thinking that she had gone mad or had contracted some sort of brain disease. His wife attacks anyone nearby and feeds off their flesh and blood. It was only later that the mechanic found out that his wife had been bitten by a werewolf. Although the woman did not grow hairy and canine-looking, her eyes had taken on a wolf-like aspect, while her delicate hands turned into sharp claws and her mouth filled with rows upon rows of jagged sharp teeth. Since that fateful day, the mechanic became a hunter, tracking things that aren't human. He was Mira's grandfather. In the next few years, men and women like the mechanic – who had lost a loved one or a friend in the hands of fiends – bonded together to form what now came to be known as the strongest band of hunters that hunt down anything that's evil, undead and everything in between. When Mira was thirteen, her parents got killed by a coven of vampires that they were able to track down in the bayous of New Orleans. That same year, the gird had decided to take up arms and joined the same group that her parents had led. Being an only child, Mira did not have any hesitations in leaving school nor her friends and classmates, and became a hunter so adept in tracking, that she soon rose up in the ranks and became an ace hunter. Sooner than she expected, only seven years after she became officially a hunter, Mira became the most sought-after trainer when it comes to hunting. Many would flock to her shack in the woodlands of British Columbia for training – especially in terms of tracking their prey. Mira possessed a certain adeptness in finding the lair of vampires, werewolves, shifters and anything that lurk in the shadows when night falls. Even the veteran hunters would defer to her whenever they are out to track down the enemy. The young woman could easily single out the baddies, just as a hound would sniff out a rabbit within its warren. With more years of hunting under her belt, the now thirty-year-old had a certain keenness of sight and hearing that is nearly abnormal for a common hunter. Her speed and agility could almost be mistaken for that of a vampire, if not for the flush of red on her cheeks that only pumping blood and adrenaline can cause. Many hunters from her band would voice their concerns that she might have been bitten or something, to be able to move that fast and precise. However, majority believe that Mira's ability can be attributed to constant training and diligence. After all, she is a daughter of two of the best hunters of their time. Just like her parents, Mira's specialty is hunting vampires, and her ability to track them down and move nearly as fast as the blood-suckers, gives her band an upper hand during raids. An example is their current raid of a coven masquerading as workers in a cannery. The tip off came through the police line she and her fellow hunters were constantly monitoring on a CB radio, and boy, did it come with much wringing of hands on the hunters' part. Last week, Mira and her fellow hunters had found a vampire nest squatting in an old warehouse, just south of the abandoned cannery on the seedier part of town. The hunters were able to kill at least half of the twenty or so creatures, but the other half either got away or exploded, as though they had been puffed up like balloons and then pricked with pins, spraying any hunter within range with gore and brain matter. The hunters did some preliminary investigation at the scene, however, they never found any telltale signs of what could have caused the vampires to go kaboom after gorging themselves on human their captives. Mira pursed her lips and took aim but the blood-sucker merely hissed, drool spilling over his distorted mouth. Unlike vampires of lore that only have two fangs, the real vampires of Mira's world have sharp teeth, which the untrained could never discern from the teeth of normal humans. Mira scoffed at the thought, but yes, the Twilight books and movies had vampires almost down pat – bloodshot eyes, pale skin and nearly angelic beauty – except for the glittery skin. Real vampires do not glitter when under the sun. Instead, they get sunburn – well, not the type that would actually make them combust, just as in the movies – but direct sunlight would cause vampire skin to turn really red, and blister, once exposed. The sun may not completely burn vampires, but it could slow them down to the point of incapacity. The male vampire grunted, sniffing the air where Mira had been standing when he tried to grab her. However, instead of lunging for the hunter, it backed off, quite unsure of himself. Mira's left brow raised in confusion, but only for a moment. Rule number one in the hunters' guidebook to survival – never trust an non-human enemy. When they show doubt or confusion, attack! And Mira did attack. Instead of pulling the trigger of her sawed-off, she whipped out an iron-bladed bolo from a sheath strapped to her thigh. With a wide swing, she was able to slash through the vampire's neck, sending his head thudding onto the metal grate underfoot. Before the head can roll off, Mira grabbed it by its pomade-slick hair and tossed it to Julian, one of the oldest members of their band, who then tossed the head onto a pile of about half a dozen others. Another hunter sprayed liquid butane on the severed heads and lighted up the pile with a pair of matches. Mira wiped her blade from the flannel shirt worn by the vampire she decapitated and placed it back into its sheath. She sighed and scoffed. It would take her nearly the whole day to clean up her weapons – especially those that came in contact with blood. God, how they would rust, if left untouched. \"Anybody still got more of that cleaning fluid we picked up from Missouri?\" she asked no one in particular. Somebody from the group tossed her a small plastic canister, which she deftly caught with her left hand. Gingerly, she shook the can and nodded. \"I'll have to sequester this, Marv,\" she added before placing the can into her camouflage patterned duffle bag, and then hefted it over a shoulder. Without looking back at the others who made sure that the heads would burn to ashes, Mira made her way out of the warehouse as the morning sun began to peek through the eastern horizon. Another day, another successful hunt , she thought acidly. How long do they have to keep up with this kind of life? No matter how many monsters they kill in a day, in the end, more than double the number are still out there, ready to rend hunter flesh if the opportunity arises. Mira momentarily turned away from the rising sun and turned to face the part of the city still clad in darkness. Only God knows how many are still out there, lurking in the dark, ready to pounce at her and rip her flesh into shreds. Mira knows that her reputation as a highly skilled hunter precedes her, and she is certain that the monsters want her dead. It's only a matter of time before one of them vermin would get to her in her sleep and cut off her head, just like the way she does them. The weary hunter sighed and cleared her throat. \"Mom,\" she whispered to the wind. \"I can't imagine how you faced this kind of constant worry and fear, and still raise me. Something's out there, and it's coming closer every day. It's after me, I can feel it. When the day of confrontation comes, I hope you and Dad would be there to back me up.\" Mira hung her head and inhaled deeply, stemming the tide of conflicting emotions before it can manifest into tears. She mustn't let the other hunters see that she is weakening. It would certainly crush them – and that would be an opportunity the baddies are waiting for. Nearly two dozen lives – not to mention their families and friends – are relying on her strength of character and bravery when facing the enemy. She can't just let her personal demons get in the way and fail them. As the sun climbed higher in the horizon to claim the land for itself, Mira began to trudge toward the battered pickup truck she shares with Julian, the only remaining father figure that she has. It's only a matter of time before everything around her crashes down and disintegrates to nothing. And time is something she doesn't have too much of.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 – Dreaming of My Reality \"Give me one good reason why I shouldn't cut your head off, just like the rest of your kind!\" Mira spat through gritted teeth, her right hand gripping the silver-coated bolo tightly, while her left hand is raised in front of her, ready to fend off the monster if ever he decides to make any move. Readying herself for a possible scuffle with the insistent vampire, Mira slightly bent her knees to balance herself, in case he was just bluffing his bloodshot doe-eyed way and tear at her throat without warning. A minute passed and nothing happened. Mira nearly let her guard down, becoming more confident as each second ticks by. But no! Vampires live for eternity, and a single minute is nothing but a flap of a moth's wings for them. She waited, still tensed. \"Mirena,\" the vampire whispered, a light trace of Carpathian accent lacing his melancholic voice. \"Look deep inside you and remember.\" Mira was stunned. The man's tone was…pleading…begging to be understood and accepted. \"I have spent nearly all of my 550 years looking for you, everywhere, in all manners known to the living and the undead, in all timelines,\" the vampire continued, undaunted by the glinting silver blade brandished by the hunter in front of him. \"What?\" Mira understands weirdness more than any woman her age. In fact, most women her age would be successful magazine editors, bank managers, lawyers, even mothers. But not her, no…she's a hunter. And yet, this crazy vampire talks to her like he knows her. Well, vampires have a certain streak of nuttiness, especially since they suck blood from a menagerie of human food supply ranging from politicians to winos. Who knows what sort of virus they pick up along the way? \"My beloved, come with me,\" the vampire continued in his pleading, amorous tone, which sent Mira's brows to skyrocket. \"You deserve more than ramshackle sheds and barns. Your destiny is to live in a palace, as my lady.\" The vampire slowly took a step forward, as Mira took one step backward. That small movement puzzled the hunter even more. Vampires are known for their speed and agility. This one could have easily fast-traveled behind her and break her neck, yet he did not. He is actually inviting her to go with him to…to…his palace. \"The Carpathian landscape are rather wonderful this time of year,\" the vampire continued his musings, his face becoming more complacent, even dreamy. \"The trees are verdant, the birds are merrily darting through the thick foliage, even the castle looks alive – but of course, it's quite depressing now that you're gone.\" He sighed and even thrusted both hands inside his pockets to drive his point. Concentrate, Mira , the hunter berated herself. He's just playing with your head. \"Who exactly are you?\" she asked in a frigid voice. The vampire snapped out of his reverie and performed a slight curtsy, tipping an invisible hat to the woman – his meal. \"Ah, now, I see that your curiosity is piqued.\" With a slight bow, the vampire stated in a crisp voice, \"Milady, I am, Prince Vladislav Tepes, your husband.\" Mira's face remained passive, but her mind is about to burst with the revelation. Suddenly, the dreams came back to her like a rushing flood, and she gasped in recognition. Of course, she thought, of course. My name is Mira Drake – Mirena Dracula? It all doesn't make sense! Mira raised her eyes to level with that of the vampire who is a head taller than her. The slicked-back dark hair, its tips that gently grazed the collar of his black coat, the snappy shoes that appeared to have come from circa 1940's, the piercing dark eyes that seems to be able to look deep into her soul. \"Of course,\" she muttered, \"you're Dracula, one of the oldest vampires in lore.\" Vlad was about to take another step forward, but Mira kept her ground, slashing the air with her bolo. \"Your wife and I might share the same name, but I'm no monster, you creep,\" Mira stated in a cutting tone. \"Come any closer and I will send your head six feet away from your body.\" She slightly turned away from the vampire and called out. \"Julian!\" That momentary lapse in the hunter's guard had been enough opportunity for the vampire. Vlad grabbed the bolo by the blade, his teeth gritted at the sizzling sound of the skin and flesh of his hand. Even though a stake through the heart cannot kill him who has no heart, it doesn't mean that it couldn't cause him any pain. It's like touching the sun. The blisters began to spread fast, as the smell of burnt flesh – his own – began to fill his nostrils. Vlad grabbed Mira's wrist with his right hand, and held on tightly. In an act that surprised even himself, Vlad embraced the hunter in a grasp that would rival that of a bear, but was surprisingly gentle. Any spectator would think that the huntress' bones would get crushed in that bear-hug, but the Prince was unusually gentle. Instead, it was the mouth-crushing kiss he bestowed upon the astonished Mira that nearly broke the woman's mouth. Mira had anticipated the vampire to make his move, but she never expected her prey to kiss her. She thought that he would bite off her entire mouth, yet all she felt was the longing and relief a long-lost lover would feel upon kissing his beloved again for the first time in… in centuries , Mira realized. The guy is probably going nuts just thinking about when to see his ladylove again. Just as sudden as the kiss came, Mira also felt the swift wave of emotions wash over her. Instead of feeling repulsed for being kissed by a centuries-old vampire, she actually felt familiar with the lips, the sensations and the embrace that still imprisons her. She even grew deaf to the ear-shattering clang of her bolo falling onto floor of the warehouse. She felt her knees buckle, but the vampire continued to prop her up as he kissed her even more lovingly. There was nothing sexual about the kiss. It was pure love and longing. The only sound her ears had attuned to are the soft whimpers of the vampire crying in gratitude for finding the woman he loves… …Or was it? Mira's mind reeled. Could this be the effect of a normal vampire's seductive kiss? her mind screamed from somewhere deep within her being. Based on experience, this is how a vampire makes its victim complacent for easier feeding. If indeed she is about to become vampire-dinner, then she hopes to all the gods listening that Julian and the others would make it to her in time. Otherwise, it would be the end of her life. Mother, it looks like my end has finally come , Mira thought, her mind muddled and incoherent, a distant ringing in her ears her only grasp on reality. The hunter could feel herself getting washed away by a the rapid flow of a river – the river of time - and then she realized she is falling down a high tower, her hair and dress billowing in the wind. Instinctively, she reached out one hand, and felt fingers briefly brush her palm and wrist. As she continued to plummet down, vision clouded, but she can sense him, crying out her name, the flaps of a million bat wings filling her ears as Vlad tried with all his might to reach out and grab his wife before she can plummet to her death. But the ground rushed up to grab her. Mira - Mirena - thudded to the ground, and everything darkened. Mira opened her eyes, and found herself standing by a brick window, the setting sun drenching the countryside in swaths of orange, red and pink. The distant mountains look blood-soaked, despite the haze of dust obstructing everything. I'm dreaming again , Mira thought as she inspected the heavy brocade gown she is wearing. Of all her dreams and nightmares related to the vampire who stalks her since she was a child, this is the most vivid – everything feels real. As Mira ran her fingers against the thick fabric, the crystals and pearls sewn into the material felt real – even the rough walls, the distant smell of dust, everything in this dream felt real that she began to fear that it might indeed be real. But how? How did the vampire transport her from modern-day Louisiana to this tower centuries before she was born. Out of nowhere, an arrow zipped and embedded itself onto the crevice on the wall a mere inch away from where here face had been, had she not turned to gaze at the unfinished tapestry dumped in a corner. Mira's instincts as a hunter took over, and she dived onto the thick pile of cloth as the arrow whizzed by. When there was no succeeding volley of arrows, the hunter gingerly got up, the material of her dress hampering her movements. Slightly crouching to avoid further exposure from whoever was out in the forest below, she broke off the shaft of the arrow, leaving the iron head still stuck to the wall. On the wooden shaft, a roll of parchment was wrapped tightly and secured with what looked to Mira like a lock of knotted human hair. She dragged a chair near the window and unrolled the slip of paper and discarded the arrow shaft. All of her instincts told Mira not to read the message inscribed on the parchment – in her other dreams, she would've awakened just as the arrow stuck itself on the wall. However, this time, either she does not want to wake up, or she can't. It's not curiosity , Mira berated herself. She already knows what the message is. Something told her – most likely, her gut feeling – that the paper only brings bad news. Mira's suspicion was confirmed a minute later. This was the message Mirena Draculia received just before the castle got bombarded by Mehmed's artillery. Then, realization struck the hunter in the most painful way possible. She was reliving the death of Mirena all along, for nearly every single night in her mortal life! Mira clenched a fist, crumpling the thin slip of parchment. The hunter took a deep breath and squared her shoulders. No , she thought fiercely, nearly screaming out the word. If I am Mirena Draculia, I will not just lie down and die. I'm a hunter and I'd do what a hunter does best. Hunt. ","Summary":" Chapter 1 – And So It Goes A kick in the family jewels will have any man doubling over in pain, clu"},{"Movie":"Dracula Untold","Title":"Meera, la servante turque","Author":"Rachel Rekha","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10767805","Passage":"[Chapter 1] La servante turque C'était une journée hivernale qui allait commencer pour Meera, la fillette alla au puits chercher de l'eau pour sa famille. Le soleil venait à peine de se lever mais cela importait peu pour Meera qui voulait faire une surprise à sa famille pour que son père sois fière d'elle. Mais à son retour, elle découvrit avec effroi son village ravagé par les flammes et la mort. Elle entra dans le hameau, Meera constata que tout le monde était mort. La fillette apeurée et essoufflée courut vers sa maison, elle vit alors que toute sa famille était morte. L'enfant alla vite dans sa chambre attraper une épée offerte par son père pour son anniversaire. La fillette se cacha sous lit, épée à la main. Quand, elle entendit des bruits de pas montaient à l'étage. Quel 'un approchait mais qui ou quoi ? Elle ne le savait pas et n'osait même pas imaginer quelle créature ou homme aller venir. Meera entendit des voix d'hommes parlaient dans une langue inconnue de la sienne. C'est à la vue de leurs bottes que la fillette comprit : ces hommes étaient des Turcs. Son père lui avait raconté des histoires à propos d'eux, il lui avait dit : « Si un jour tu veux reconnaître un Turc, regarde ses bottes, elles comportent un croissant de lune. » A ce souvenir la fille commença à pleurer mais en silence, elle avait envie de tous les tuer, de se venger de ce qu'ils avaient fait à sa mère, son père et sa sœur. Quand elle n'entendit plus rien, elle descendit les marches de l'escalier qui grinçaient horriblement. Mais, derrière la porte était cacher un soldat qui ne tarda pas à l'attraper par les cheveux et a la jeter par terre. « - Non, arrêtez, je vous en supplie, dit Meera Le soldat leva sa lame aussi brillante que de l'argent quand, une main l'arrêta. -Non, ne la tue celle là, elle sera la servante attitrée du sultan. Emmenons-la avec nous. - Très bien à vos ordres. » Les hommes prirent la fillette qui n'arrêtait pas de se débattre et de hurler. Mais, rien ni fit, un long voyage l'attendait. Un voyage qu'elle n'avait pas voulu.[Chapter 2] Bonjour/ Bonsoir (comme vous voulez), je publie enfin ce deuxième chapitre qui j'espère vous plaira ! N'oubliez pas de laisser une petite trace de votre passage avec une review ! Voilà, je vous souhaite une bonne lecture ! 10 ans plus tard …. Meera était vêtue noblement alors qu'elle n'était qu'une servante. Mais elle était la préférée de Mehmed ce qui lui conférait le droit d'avoir un peu plus de bijoux que les autres courtisanes. Les rumeurs disaient que Mehmed l'avait recueilli alors qu'elle n'était qu'une simple orpheline. D'autres disaient qu'elle s'était donnée au sultan et qu'elle l'avait supplié de la prendre avec lui. Mais ce n'était que des rumeurs, la vérité était autre et même plutôt l'inverse. Cependant, Meera savait qu'étant la préférée de Mehmed il ne fallait pas contrarier ce dernier au risque de le mettre en colère. La jeune femme savait manier à merveille les moyens de séduction mais elle gardait toujours en tête qu'elle n'était pas turque et que, au moindre écart, elle serait punie très sévèrement par le sultan. Ainsi, tous les soirs elle se préparait. Elle brossait sa chevelure brune interminable, se maquillait les yeux à la mode orientale et s'aspergeait le creux du cou de patchouli. Cette senteur douce et enivrante à la fois plaisait à Mehmed. Puis, quand la lune était haute et les étoiles brillantes, Meera endossait le rôle de conteuse. Elle racontait les plus beaux contes au sultan qui n'attendait qu'une chose : pouvoir l'avoir pour lui. Ils s'allongèrent tous les deux sur l'immense lit dont les draps étaient brodées d'or. Mehmed était comme obnubilé par les yeux verts de la jeune femme que faisait ressortir le khôl qu'elle s'était appliquée. Il caressa doucement ses cheveux, puis vint renifler son cou. « - Tu sens toujours la même odeur, j'aime cette odeur, dit-il avec un léger sourire. -Merci, mon roi, répondit Meera, habituée aux compliments des hommes. - C'est ma dernière nuit, avoua l'homme en la détaillant. -Pourquoi dites vous cela ? Questionna Meera en fronçant les sourcils. - Ma dernière nuit avec une beauté pareille à la lune, lui répondit-il. - Mais, où allez-vous, loin d'ici? Dites-moi ce qui vous tourmente, s'enquit Meera. - Je vais mener mes troupes sur les terres de Transylvanie, pour mener bataille contre Vlad l'Empaleur, dit-il avec fierté. - Qui Est ce Vlad ? Je n'ai jamais entendu parler de cet homme. - C'est le souverain de Transylvanie, il a tué plusieurs de mes hommes. Je veux donc me venger de ses actes, répondit-il rageusement. - Très bien, sultan, faites comme vous le désirez, je ne suis pas une conseillère de guerre. Je ne pourrai vous conseillez même si je le voudrai. Rétorqua la jeune femme avec un sourire. - Bon, il se fait tard, j'aimerais dormir, laisses-moi. -Oui, sultan, répondit la jeune femme en inclinant légèrement la tête. » Meera voulait sortir de cette Turquie, de ce pays qui l'avait arraché à sa famille. Elle aimait certains aspects de ce pays mais elle voulait voir et retourner dans ses contrées. La servante du sultan voulait sentir à nouveau le vent glacial sur ses joues, entendre le bruissement des arbres dans la forêt environnante. Elle voulait aussi resserrer dans ses bras sa mère, son père et sa sœur mais c'était, hélas, impossible. Un jour, alors qu'elle était assise au coin du feu, elle posa une question étrange à sa mère. « - Maman, quand vous ne serez plus là avec papa, comment nous ferons avec Elana ? - Vous veillerez l'une sur l'autre, et puis, n'oubliez pas, nous serons toujours avec vous. » A cette pensée, Meera eu une larme qui descendait sur sa joue. Elle regagna rapidement sa chambre car elle avait dépassé le couvre feu depuis bien longtemps. La jeune femme entra dans sa chambre, elle s'endormit assez vite. Meera était dans un endroit qui ressemblait à une grotte. L ' endroit était étouffant, lugubre et sordide. Le sol était jonché d ' ossements humains. Sa respiration était haletante elle se sentait observée par les ténèbres de cette grotte. La femme distinguait deux hommes. L ' un des deux semblait être un monstre. Il était horrible, avait les yeux rouges et des crocs acérés. L ' autre n ' était rien de cela, il avait une cape rouge et avait de la prestance, la prestance d ' un roi. « - Bois, Dracula. » Puis, elle vit l ' homme à la cape rouge se transformait en une créature pareille à ce que les légendes de Transylvanie disaient. Meera se réveilla en sursauts et plus que troublée par cet étrange rêve. Après avoir passé douze ans à ne pas savoir qui elle était et ce qu'elle voulait, elle savait désormais. Il fallait qu'elle suive le sultan en Transylvanie, Meera voulait retourner sur ses terres auxquelles les hommes de Mehmed l'avaient arraché trop prématurément. La jeune femme s'avança vers sa commode où était posé un miroir et entreprit de se brosser les cheveux. Sa chemise de nuit en soie mettait en évidence ses jambes interminables. Elle décida de se mettre du khôl chose que toutes les servantes du sultan faisaient. Certaines le faisaient pour attirer l'œil des hommes puis d'autres le faisaient pour éloigner le mal, le mauvais œil comme elles disaient. Meera, elle, ne faisait que copier les autres en se mettant du khôl. La jeune femme était perdue dans le mouvement machinal de la préparation du matin quand, elle entendit des pas derrière elle. Un garde entra avec fracas sans demander la permission. « - On ne vous a jamais appris à ne pas déranger une femme prenant soin d'elle ? Remarqua Meera. - Pardonnez-moi mais le sultan voudrait vous voir, affirma le garde. - Et bien, faites le entrer, ordonna-t-elle. -Oui, bien sûr. » Meera savait à ce moment là que c'était son unique chance de sortir de la Turquie. Ce pays qui l'avait fait tant souffrir. Elle vit le sultan Mehmed s'approchait d'elle. Il était dans ses habits de voyage, avec le blason du royaume sur le torse. Son casque était posé sur son crâne de façon à ne pas le gêner dans ses mouvements, celui était finement sculpté en arabesque végétales. Le sultan hésita une minute avant de prendre la parole. « - Meera, je suis venu pour te dire que je pars en conquête, avoua-t-il à la jeune femme. - Attendez sultan ! Je veux vous suivre, dit-elle, confiante. -Comment ? Tu n'es qu'une servante à mes yeux, tu ne peux pas, la guerre est faite pour les hommes. - Oui mon seigneur mais, je connais bien la Transylvanie, j'y suis née, je pourrais vous être utile, rétorqua-t-elle au sultan. -Pourquoi ? Tu crois que je ne peux pas me repérer tout seul ? Questionna-t-il, visiblement vexé de la réflexion de la jeune femme. -Si, mon seigneur mais, euh … je … je saurais vous guider dans les forêts et, il y a bien des lieux dangereux en Transylvanie, balbutia Meera. - Très bien, mais promets-moi de ne pas te plaindre et ne pas être trop encombrante ainsi que de parler quand on te le dira. -Oui, sultan, faites-moi confiance, reprenant la jeune femme. -Bon, nous partons dans deux heures, fais tes affaires. -Oui, très bien. » ","Summary":" La servante turque C'était une journée hivernale qui allait commencer pour Meera, la fillette alla "},{"Movie":"Sunshine","Title":"In Space, No One Can Hear You Tweet","Author":"skullanddog","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9022839","Passage":"[Chapter 1] In Space, No One Can Hear You Tweet A/N: This story is crack, and silly. Includes talking planets. It roughly follows Capa and the rest of the Icarus II crew on their ill-fated journey into the sun, twitter style. Yep, it's all done in twitter. Due to formatting restrictions, I used 'at' instead of the symbol, and because of laziness and ease for you guys, when there is nothing after 'at' it means the character is talking to themselves. UNSPA stands for... United Nations SPAce program. It isn't real. Unless it's real by chance. Enjoy! . . CapatheRapa at So... six months on board and everyone still believes I'm a physicist... but I'm a pharmacist, dammit! . CapatheRapa at How did anyone ever make that mistake? Pharmacist, physicist – they're totally different! . CapatheRapa at And when that guy from UNSPA approached me, talking about a space program, man, I thought he be tripping. . CapatheRapa at Tripping hard. As if I'd want to go to space. . CapatheRapa at Correction: as if I'd want to go to the SUN. . CapatheRapa at He seemed like a cool guy though. Heaps cute chicky-babe on his arm. Guess that hot body talked me into the launch party. . CapatheRapa at Launch party, ha! I AM the party. Or I was. Don't feel much like partying up in space... . CapatheRapa at ...on the way to the sun. . CapatheRapa at Never thought it was the party being launched. Into orbit. \"Launch\", huhn. I'll watch out for that if I ever get home. . CapatheRapa at Aw hell. I ain't never going home. . CapatheRapa at They say we're going into a communication dead zone. I say we entered the dead zone the second we launched. . CapatheRapa at CapSis Hey sis. Uhh. I'm boned! . CapatheRapa at CapSis And since this is Earth's last hope, you're boned too! . CapatheRapa at CapSis We're all boned! . CapSis at CapatheRapa Will you grow up? How the hell have you convinced these people for the past six months that you're not an idiot? . CapatheRapa at Aaaaaand the dead zone can't come soon enough. . CapatheRapa at CapSis Made you this nice video, sis. Made one for Reddit too but they said it wasn't legit. . CapatheRapa at Come on Reddit! Where am I gonna get a copy of today's paper for proof it's me?! . CapatheRapa at I'm in FREAKING SPACE! . CapatheRapa at Ow. Had another fight with Mace. Our 234th since leaving Earth's orbit. That guy makes ME look smart. . CapatheRapa at And this is coming from a guy who accidentally signed up to a spaceship headed for the sun. . CapatheRapa at Worst part is that cute chicky-babe ain't even here. Just Cassie and Corazon. Banged them both. . CapatheRapa at In my dreams. Sigh. They think/ know I'm scum. . CapatheRapa at We got a big problem here! Shield damage! Aw, hell! . CapatheRapa at And Mace volunteered me to wear the suit. Sometimes I swear he knows I'm a pharmacist. . CapatheRapa at We call it the Suit of Infinite Bling. Whoever wears the suit gets call Dork Knight for the rest of the day. . CapatheRapa at I swear Mace calls me Dork Knight one more time I'll punch him into Mercury. . CapatheRapa at ...wonder if I can actually do that from here...? . CapatheRapa at Ha. Told Cassie \"Oh I might die out there\" while she was helping me put on the suit. Got a very nice hug. . CapatheRapa at Dang. This suit is not bonerific. It is not bonerific at all. . CapatheRapa at Icarus II Captain Infinite Bling to SPAAAAACE! . Icarus II at CapatheRapa How's the situation out there, Capa? . CapatheRapa at Icarus II Wow. It's mad awesome. Repairing shields and co man. Hella sweet. I got bling to make Maclemore jealous. . CapatheRapa at Icarus II Jks man. The captain totally died out there. . Icarus II at CapatheRapa Oh my god! . CapatheRapa at Icarus II Yep. Like, POP! Dead. Went up like a moth in a flame. . CapatheRapa at Sweet, huh? Everyone feels sorry for me. Got me a milkshake, no one even called me the Dork Knight. . CapatheRapa at I take it back. Thanks Mace. . CapatheRapa at So all the plants went up in flame. That was our TOTAL ability to manufacture breathable air. . CapatheRapa at Seriously dude I designed better spaceships than this POS when I was five years old. And I don't know anything about space. . CapatheRapa at I mean, ONE plant facility to help us produce air? ONE? The hell it's even doing? You can't tell me eighteen little plants produce enough ox . CapatheRapa at ygen to keep eight people alive. We got ox/nitrogen tanks but no way those plants were keeping us alive. . CapatheRapa at Certainly ain't getting us back to Earth. . CapatheRapa at ... . CapatheRapa at Oh s#!t. . CapatheRapa at Those honkies aren't planning on bringing us down. . CapatheRapa at That's cold, man. Ice cold. . CapatheRapa at Okay, been thinking about the situation. Basically, we're screwed. Do I tell the others or let them find out? . CapatheRapa at I should have been nicer to Corazon. And Cassie. Wonder if there is time to pull a move? . CapatheRapa at CassieCat Hey baby. Come to my quarters. I have something for you. . CassieCat at CapatheRapa Get lost. . CapatheRapa at CassieCat I swear it isn't what you think. . CassieCat at CapatheRapa Please. It's been the same thing four times in a row now. . CapatheRapa at CassieCat It's different now. Promise. . CassieCat at CapatheRapa You mean it's not your dick in a box? . CapatheRapa at CassieCat No okay, it's that. . CassieCat at CapatheRapa NO! . CapatheRapa at CassieCat Baby! It's different! This time you could help me save the ship! And the Earth! . CapatheRapa at CassieCat WARNING: You no longer have permission to post to this user's page. . CapatheRapa at She blocked me. Witch! . CapatheRapa at Icarus I up ahead. We're gonna dock and see what the problem is. I think I know... . CapatheRapa at ...the people who designed these ships were idiots. . CapatheRapa at On board the Icarus I. Captain Genius suggested we should split up. What if there are aliens? . CapatheRapa at God damn it, why don't these astronauts appreciate the risks we're taking leaving ourselves open to alien attack?! . CapatheRapa at On board half an hour, so far no aliens... . CapatheRapa at Communication room! Win! . CapatheRapa at Icarus I Icarus I, this is your designer. We've received many troubled messages from y'all concerning our ship's design flaws. . CapatheRapa at Icarus I Well I'm here to tell you my ship don't HAVE any design flaws. And neither does my English. . CapatheRapa at Icarus I Some have asked why the Icarus I here can fully generate its own oxygen supplies while its successor, the Icarus II, cannot. . SpaceMace at CapatheRapa Stop it you idiot. I can hear you over the comm. I know it's you. . CaptainmyCaptain at CapatheRapa Is that true? Hell. We can't generate our own oxygen?! . CapatheRapa at Icarus I Nope. Some of you have gone so far as to question the integrity of my big gold shields. . CapatheRapa at Icarus I Well I'm telling you they're NOT gold! They're made of pure cocaine! BWHAAHHA! . CapatheRapa at Icarus I Nothing blocks sunlight better than cocaine! . CapatheRapa at Icarus I Funnily enough, I didn't realise the heat resisting benefits of pure cocaine until I was, ha, off my head on the stuff. . SpaceMace at CapatheRapa X0 idiot! When I find you-! . CapatheRapa at Icarus I WARNING all personnel: an alien has been discovered on board. Please be on the lookout for this extremely hostile predator. . CaptainmyCaptain at CapatheRapa Holy hell. Please tell me you're joking. About all this. . CapatheRapa at Icarus I No jks. Repeat alien is extremely hostile. Calls himself 'Mace'. Is actually an alien in a sub-human host. . CapatheRapa at Icarus I You know that movie the Thing? Yeah. Just like that. . SpaceMace at CapatheRapa Found you, you little rat! . CapatheRapa at Icarus I ATTENTION ALL PERSONNEL! THE ALIEN HAS BREECHED THE COMMS ROOM! . CapatheRapa at CassieCat He's here – he's here – Cassie! I wish I'd – agh – banged you. Agh- . CapatheRapa at So. That went badly. Just going to find the men's room and wash the blood out of my hair. . CapatheRapa at Flushing... . CapatheRapa at Hold on a minute. . CapatheRapa at This isn't the men's room . CapatheRapa at ... . CapatheRapa at HOLY SHIT I'VE UNCOUPLED THE AIRLOCK . CapatheRapa at SpaceMace IT WASN'T ME I SWEAR . SpaceMace at Icarus II Some idiot has blown out the airlock. Repeat, our resident idiot physicist has flushed the airlock. . SpaceMace at Icarus II You guys are gonna want to seal off your air supply and try to redock. We'll be back on board soon. . Icarus II at Icarus I Sorry kids, no can do. The airlock's outer door is gone. The inner door needs to be open so you can get in. . Icarus II at Icarus I Or dock. . SpaceMace at Icarus II WHADDAYA MEAN you can't seal the airlock?! . CaptainmyCaptain at Icarus II Or dock? Who the hell designed that stupid ship?! . CapatheRapa at Icarus I Told you it was cocaine addicts. . CaptainmyCaptain at Icarus II Is that Searle out there licking the shield...? . Icarus II at Icarus I lolz. The not docking is our fault. We lack the mad pilot skillz to dock. . CaptainmyCaptain at Icarus II THAT'S THE DUMBEST THING I EVER HEARD IT'S A SPACESHIP FOR CHRISSAKE HAVE THE COMPUTER DO IT . Icarus II at Icarus I Shut up, Captain! What are we, programmers?! . CaptainmyCaptain at Icarus II No but you are the PILOT! Cassie! . SpaceMace at Icarus I Cool it, guys. Icarus II is losing air. We need to get back so they can let us in and close the lock. . CapatheRapa at SpaceMace Why don't they close the lock now and reopen it when they find a way to dock again? . SpaceMace at CapatheRapa You need to shut up. And by shut up I mean suit up. Into the bling suit, Dork Knight. . CapatheRapa at SpaceMace !Why me! . SpaceMace at CapatheRapa Because you're the prettiest of us all, Dork Knight. Also they only made this suit in chick's sizes. . CapatheRapa at SpaceMace I hate you so much. . SpaceMace at CapatheRapa Srsly dude. I can't even fit my arm in here. In you go. Aw, so sweet. . CapatheRapa at SpaceMace You look so adorable in your tinfoil. . SpaceMace at CapatheRapa Not half as cute as you. Love heart winking face. . CapatheRapa at SpaceMace Just push me into space already. . SunnySearle at Icarus I You guys are never going to believe the wonderful time I've had. Oh yeah. It's been sexy. Gorgeous. Colourful. . CaptainmyCaptain at SunnySearle Are you serious? You're high? The shield is made of cocaine? . SunnySearle at Icarus I Yes. Yes it is. . SpaceMace at Icarus I Chest slap, men! Icarus II, space, here we come! . SunnySearle at Icarus I Bai, guiz! Like your suits! I'm gonna find something to eat here, kk? Then I'll walk back over, okay? . CapatheRapa at SunnySearle Uh, Searle? . SunnySearle at CapatheRapa Baiiiii little gold guy! . SpaceMace at Space Wheeeeee! . Icarus I at Icarus II Lol these guys never gon make it. . Icarus II at Icarus I :D Imma take out one of the tinfoil geeks. . CaptainmyCaptain at Space AAAAGGGGHHHHHHHH- . Icarus II at Space Gimme some flesh, brother. . Space at Humanity Rofl. Gotcha! . CapatheRapa at SpaceMace Well that was weird. . SpaceMace at CapatheRapa Is this the time for your bitching? No. It isn't. We barely made it back to the Icarus II alive. . CapatheRapa at SpaceMace Didn't you hear that? . SpaceMace at CapatheRapa No. . CapatheRapa at SpaceMace I swear I heard space tweet. . SpaceMace at CapatheRapa You heard nothing. Nothing! Now shut that airlock! . CapatheRapa at So it turns out... that there isn't a saboteur on the ship. I kinda downloaded a virus with that porn and ... . CapatheRapa at Needless to say it has munted our very outmoded computer systems. No one else has noticed yet... . CapatheRapa at Sis always said porn would be the death of me. I didn't think she meant it would be the death of humanity as well. . CapatheRapa at Annnnyway. So Trey died. No blaming him for the whole airlock/ mainframe thing. Maybe I should own up. . SpaceMace at CapatheRapa If I find out you're responsible for the airlock, I will personally strap you to the payload and eject you into the sun. . CapatheRapa at SpaceMace Chill dude. We're ALL strapped to the payload, and we ejected ourselves into the sun. Remember that? The launch? . SpaceMace at CapatheRapa Oh right. . CapatheRapa at ...I'm going to say it was a saboteur. A stowaway. From the oxygen garden – no – from space – no... . CapatheRapa at Got it! . CapatheRapa at Icarus II Guys you are never going to believe this. There is a stowaway on board. Our saboteur, methinks. . CassieCat at CapatheRapa It was you, wasn't it? . CapatheRapa at CassieCat No it was not. Agh! Look, here he is now! In the observation room! Aggghhh! Oh my god it's that guy from the Icarus I! . SpaceMace at CapatheRapa Not Pinbacker! . CapatheRapa at SpaceMace Sure, he'll do. Aggghhh! Man he puts up a fight! Ow! Ow! He stabbed me! Oh damn, he's locked me in the airlock! . SpaceMace at CapatheRapa Ohmygod bro, I'll come help you! Are you okay? . CassieCat at SpaceMace Don't tell me you believe this idiot. . SpaceMace at CapatheRapa I'm coming for you Dork Knight! . CapatheRapa at SpaceMace Oh my god. I hate you. Oh my god, I hate you so much. . CapatheRapa at Hey, at least I'll be safe from Mace in here, right? I broke the lock so he can't get in. Ha. Sucker. . SpaceMace at CapatheRapa Winky face. Hey, what's up with the mainframe? It's all out of the water. Tell me that ain't right. . Icarus II at SpaceMace No! That isn't right! That's why the systems are malfunctioning! Quick, submerge it in the coolant! . HeartsonCorazon at Icarus II Everybody! I found a plant! Maybe it's enough to supply oxygen for everyone for the journey back to Earth! . CassieCat at CapatheRapa Jesus Christ I can't believe she still thinks we're going back to Earth. . CapatheRapa at CassieCat I for one would love to go back to Earth. Live, little plant! . CassieCat at HeartsonCorazon Hear that, Corazon? Capa is after your plant. . CassieCat at HeartsonCorazon Corazon? . SpaceMace at CapatheRapa I don't know what the Pinbacker did to the mainframes, but Imma have to get into the coolant to fix it. Is that safe? . CapatheRapa at SpaceMace Sure. Go for it. . SpaceMace at CapatheRapa Smiley face. Cool thanks bro. . CapatheRapa at SpaceMace No worries my friend. . CapatheRapa at Pfffffffft lol! . SpaceMace at CapatheRapa Sheesh! It's cold! Are you sure this is safe? . CapatheRapa at SpaceMace Positive. Hey, do you know any way I could say, get out of the airlock? . SpaceMace at CapatheRapa So... cold. I feel like Captain America. Ugh. . CapatheRapa at SpaceMace Srsly dude hurry up there's like hardly any air in here. . SpaceMace at CapatheRapa Ugh. Leg trapped. Dying. Try...the... bling... suit...soldering...iron. . CapatheRapa at SpaceMace ... . SpaceMace at CapatheRapa Capa... you must... be... the Dork Knight. Forever. . CapatheRapa at SpaceMace Mace? . CapatheRapa at SpaceMace Mace! Mace, answer me! . CassieCat at CapatheRapa Capa? I can't detect Mace's lift signs. I think he's gone. . CapatheRapa at CassieCat That doesn't make any sense, Cassie! He's on a SPACESHIP! Where would he go? . CassieCat at CapatheRapa He's DEAD, you jerk! Like we're all DEAD! We're all going to DIE, Capa! Don't you understand that! . CapatheRapa at CassieCat Omg chill. You're freaking me out. It's making harder to put on this bling suit. . CassieCat at CapatheRapa I'm serious! You and I and the saboteur are the only ones left alive, Capa! . CapatheRapa at CassieCat Yeah. About the saboteur... . CassieCat at CapatheRapa Holy hell! He's in here! The saboteur – Capa, help! . CapatheRapa at CassieCat Wut. . CassieCat at CapatheRapa Oh my god, Capa! Help me! Help me! HELP ME YOU IDIOT! . CapatheRapa at CassieCat Bitch you be trippin. There ain't no saboteur. . CassieCat at CapatheRapa He's here, I'm telling you he's here! Capa! You have to make sure the payload reaches the sun! You have to- . CapatheRapa at CassieCat Jks dude. I invented the saboteur, okay? So really, just chill out. . CapatheRapa at CassieCat It's okay if you don't reply. I know you're mad. I've gotten through the door now. I'm going to check the payload, okay? . CapatheRapa at Man she is going to be so mad when I tell her I'm a pharmacist. . CapatheRapa at And don't know anything about nuclear physics. . CapatheRapa at Seriously. Less than nothing. What I know about physics couldn't fill a hydrogen atom. . CapatheRapa at CassieCat Cassie, this is really getting beyond a joke. Okay? I'm in the payload, all right? And I still don't see you. . CapatheRapa at Icarus II Hey, ship's computer, help me out? Eject this payload into the sun and turn this baby back to Earth? . CapatheRapa at Icarus II No? . CapatheRapa at Aw, hell. . Space at theSun You gonna get these guys, man? . theSun at Space Yeah it's cool I've got it. . theSun at Space lol look at this little guy freaking out. He's not even really a physicist. . Space at theSun I know right. How on Earth did anyone make that mistake? . Earth at Space Come on guys, it wasn't my fault. I can't keep track of every human on me. Do you know how many of them there are? . theSun at Earth You want me to get rid of these two excess ones for you? Might help. . CapatheRapa at Space I really wish I couldn't hear you guys tweeting. . theSun at Space Hey, you hear that? Maybe this little guy is psychic. . Mercury at CapatheRapa Hi Capa, Mercury here. We met briefly earlier. You may remember me as the smartest planet in the solar system. . CapatheRapa at Mercury Not really. Just the smallest. . Mercury at CapatheRapa Uh huh. So what you're going to do is, you're going to manually decouple the payload. . CapatheRapa at Mercury I have no idea how to do that. . theSun at Mercury lol bro why you helping him? . Mercury at theSun Because if you cool down enough you'll expand and envelope me. And that would be bad. . Mercury at CapatheRapa Okay Capa, now you will see a button there in front of you. Press the button. This will decouple the payload. . CapatheRapa at Mercury Seems too easy. Done. . Mercury at CapatheRapa Of course it's easy. It's only nuclear physics. . CapatheRapa at Mercury Cool. :D Thanks buddy. . Mercury at CapatheRapa No issue at all my friend. Say, how heat resistant would you say you are? . CapatheRapa at Mercury Uhh... . Mercury at CapatheRapa Like, good for 15.7 million degrees Kelvin? . CapatheRapa at Mercury Um? . Mercury at CapatheRapa I mean, that's the temperature of the sun's core. You're gonna need to pass through it to get back to Earth. . Mercury at CapatheRapa THAT'S HOW THIS WORKS, RIGHT?! I DIDN'T JUST SEND A MAN INTO THE SUN FOR NOTHING, RIGHT?! . CapatheRapa at Mercury Oh my god this has just been the worst day of my life. . CapatheRapa at Earth I swear if I ever get back to you I will never drink or ingest mind altering substances again. . CapatheRapa at Earth Or have such mind-blowingly hot sex that I black out for several days. . CapatheRapa at Earth Actually scratch that last one. I will definitely do that. I will do a lot of that. . CassieCat at CapatheRapa Surprise, sweetheart. . CapatheRapa at CassieCat Cassie! You're alive! Where are you? . CassieCat at CapatheRapa Right over here. On the payload. See? I'm waving! . CapatheRapa at CassieCat Hey yeah. I see you. :D Who's that guy with you? That... burnt... guy? . CassieCat at CapatheRapa Oh him? This is Pinbacker. . BurntPinbacker at CapatheRapa Yo. Sup? . CapatheRapa at CassieCat Are you mad? He was really on the ship? Don't you know that means he killed Corazon?! . CassieCat at CapatheRapa I don't care. He's my new boyfriend and I love him. He said he would never give me his dick in a box. . CapatheRapa at PinStabBacker You have got to be freaking kidding me. . CassieCat at CapatheRapa I'm not. He really said that. . CapatheRapa at CassieCat He doesn't even have a dick! He's just burnt bits! Look at him! . CassieCat at CapatheRapa He is not! He's lovely, and when he holds my hand I feel like we have a whole day of oxygen left rather than the several minutes' worth whic . CassieCat at CapatheRapa h are actually distributed around this enormous empty space. Look, see? . CapatheRapa at CassieCat AGGGGHHH you just pulled all the skin off his arm! . CassieCat at CapatheRapa AGGGGGGGGH that's SO GROSS! . Space at BurntPinbacker lol. . theSun at CapatheRapa Okay dude, we all know how this is gonna end. Said your final prayers? . CapatheRapa at theSun No! I want to go home! . theSun at CapatheRapa Oh you crazy kids, you make me laugh. Home! Ha! Ya ready? I'm gonna eatcha! . CassieCat at CapatheRapa AGGGGHHHHH . CapatheRapa at theSun GOD DAMMIT SUN you unreliable son of a bitch! This payload better kick your ass into gear! . theSun at CapatheRapa Or what? You'll fly another ship into me? Full of tasty, tasty humans? I'm terrified, really. . theSun at Icarus II *Gulp* . theSun at Erp. Dem bombs. Them spicy bombs. I have a feeling I'm gonna be up all night. . CapatheRapa at theSun Um. Sun? You just ate me, and I'm still alive. . theSun at CapatheRapa lol dude. Jks on you. That bling suit makes you fully sun resistant. I have a feeling you're gonna love it here. . theSun at CapatheRapa We have a great bar and sporting facilities. Also plenty of hawt babes, breathable air and opium dens for your personal use. . CapatheRapa at theSun Wow, really? . theSun at CapatheRapa lol. No. . CapatheRapa at theSun Oh fu . . . . . . HeartsonCorazon at SpaceMace Mace, don't you think it's about time? . SpaceMace at HeartsonCorazon For what? Pulling Capa off the shield? . HeartsonCorazon at SpaceMace Yeah. He's been licking it for a while now. He didn't even notice when the Captain came back. . SpaceMace at HeartsonCorazon I say we leave him. He looks like he's having fun. . HeartsonCorazon at SpaceMace Your call. Say. What's that shield made out of, anyway? . . . . A/N: Maybe worth mentioning, but probably not, is that by writing this story I actually began to appreciate Sunshine a lot more for what it was. I did a bit of reading for it to ensure it was accurate (plot excepting), and realised that the movie is quite good and makes a lot of sense, right down to the ridiculously bad spaceship design. The gold suit though? I got nothing. This is Captain Infinite Bling, signing out to SPPPPAAACE! R&R; if you have a soul. :) ","Summary":" In Space, No One Can Hear You Tweet A/N: This story is crack, and silly. Includes talking planets. "},{"Movie":"Sunshine","Title":"Only dream I ever have","Author":"kainis","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10683201","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I read in movie trivia that Mace had developed feeling for Cassie but never acts on them and as a result he dreamed of her every night. (Night is such a funny concept in space, isn't it?) He only ever dreams of her. It's beautiful and innocent, the picture of her in a dress, walking slowly on the seashore, waves washing her feet, her face basking in the sunlight, warm and bright, and non-existent. He never allows himself to think about her. He doesn't think of her watching crashing waves in the Earth Room. The image of her lifeless body never crosses his mind, when he finds out there won't be enough oxygen for them to survive. He doesn't picture her while being stranded on Icarus I. He doesn't run for her, when he finds out about the intruder. So when the Sun is dying, when all what's left for him is to freeze and turn into stardust, he allows himself to think of her. ","Summary":" I read in movie trivia that Mace had developed feeling for Cassie but never acts on them and as a r"},{"Movie":"Sunshine","Title":"Humans have five basic needs","Author":"smaragdbird","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5222161","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Humansnhave five basic needs: food, water, shelter, sleep and love. Food: Thenship carried lots of different kinds of food: spices, bread, noodles,nrice, vegetables, fruits, nuts, meat, fish and so on. They has enoughnfood to feed eight people for seven years, or four people for 14nyears or one for 56 years. Water: tonwash the clothes and themselves, to cool the mainframe, to water thenplants in the oxygen room, to drink. They had other things to drinkntoo: tea, coffee, juice, Cassie's weird instant ice tea, but mostlynthey drank water. Shelter:nSometimes it was too much shelter. You couldn't just step outsidenfor a moment and take a breath of fresh air. It took a few weeks fornCassie, Capa and Searle to get used to the constant movements of thenship. The rest of them had lived on a spaceship or –station before. Sleep:nEach of them had at least once wished that they would fall asleep andnwake up when they had reached their destination. But things weren'tnas easy as that. They slept and worked in shifts but for the mealsnthey were all awake. Theirnsleeping quarters were the only, really private places they had. Thatnhad at least been the idea, but only Kaneda and Trey used them innthis way. The rest of them had found other places: Corazon had hernEarth garden, Cassie sat in the pilot seat on the Flight Deck, Searlenstood in the Observation Room, Capa hid in his Payload, Harvey putnhis head in his noise erasing machine and Mace crawled trough theninnards of Icarus. Love Kaneda's wife had died years ago. She had been anshop assistant, in a small supermarket around the corner of hisnapartment building, with a sunny smile and sensible shoes. They hadnwanted children but couldn't have them, so they had dropped thentopic. Before his first mission after their wedding he bought her ancat, so that she wouldn't feel lonely. They had been married fornnearly 14 years when she had died, caused by a heart weakness she hadnbeen born with. Trey had had a girlfriend during college that had left him when he hadngotten arrested. Then, after he began to work for the government, henwent out with a colleague. That relationship held for three years,nbefore they parted on good terms. Preparingnfor the Icarus mission had been stressing and left him to randomnaffairs when he had the time, but that was okay. He had never beennone to settle down. Searle had had his heart broken by an extremely beautiful, blonde, richngirl. He had been head over heels for her and miraclely she hadnreturned his feelings. He had been young and foolish enough tonbelieve that the relationship would last. But beautiful, rich girlsndidn't marry highly talented but middle class born medicalnstudents, no matter how promising their future looked. During thenlast weeks of their relationship he and Claire had fought all thentime and when she had broken up with him, he hadn't wanted tonbelieve it. He hadnbehaved foolishly, had risked his reputation, his place at thenuniversity, everything to get her back. He had gotten arrested. WithoutnFelix he would not be where he was today. Felix had intervened, henhad talked to Claire and made her move away to make the separationneasier for Searle. He had endured Searle's moods for a whole yearnand never once snapped at him. Felix had made him take back his lifenas a student and as a friend. It hadntaken years until Searle had understood why Felix, who had been hisnfriend but not a particularly close friend, had done all this. Hisnrelationship with Felix had been fundamentally different from what henhad had with Claire. It had been based upon friendship andnunderstanding not passion and untamed love. Searlenwasn't even too sure if he had ever loved Felix like Felix hadnloved him, but maybe it didn't matter. He hadnbroken up with Felix before he went on the mission. He didn'tnexpect to come back and Felix deserved someone who would do all thenthings for him he had done for Searle. Harvey was not particularly similar to Kaneda but for him, too there hadnbeen only one woman ever. He could not remember a time where Sharonnhadn't been in his life. They were the same age and as children hadnlived door to door. Sharon was his first memory and his best friend,nthe constant in his life when his other friends had gone to othernschools, other universities and other workplaces. Hencould not remember a time when he hadn't loved Sharon. They hadnbecome a couple in high school and he had proposed to her on thennight of their prom. They had married, had pushed each other throughnuniversity. He had worked for the NASA, she had opened a café withnher friends. They had laughed and cried and fought and made up butnalways only inches away from each other. There werenlong separations when he had been away on missions, but he hadnpromised her that he would always come back. Always. Corazon had never given much thought about relationships. She had been happynwith her work and with her friends. She had had relationships butnthere had never been deep or meaningful and the fact that's he hadnworked a few months in this lab or a year on this space stationnhadn't helped. Untilnshe had taken a job on the Luna II station. Jonathannwas considerably younger than her, 15 years, and so she had gentlynbut firmly rebuffed his advances, which hadn't discouraged him thenslightest. It had felt wrong. No one else had ever paid that muchnattention to her, to her favourites and dislikes, to her and hernalone. After shenhad left, Jonathan had resigned and followed her to Earth. In the endnshe had given in. it wasn't a decision she would ever regret.nJonathan shared her interest in classical Chinese music but couldnbring a plant to whither just by standing in a room with it. Theyncould argue endlessly over Western vs. Eastern cuisine but the mostnamazing thing was that she didn't have to say anything for him tonunderstand her and the other way round. They understood each othernwithout a single word. Seeing hisnface was enough for her to know that he missed her, that he broughtnher beloved plants to a friend so that they would still be alive whennshe would be back, that he loved her. And seeingnher face was enough for him, too. Cassie had met James in her historical literature class in college. They hadnboth studied it as minor, while her major was in Aerodynamics and hisnin MBA. She had been through a hard time after the breakup with hernhigh school girlfriend and James had been the first one to make hernlaugh in a long time. That he was also charming, attractive andnhandsome hadn't hurt either. They had discussed Shakespeare overncoffee and Homer over breakfast. Then shenhad gotten accepted for the Icarus II mission and suddenly they onlynyelled at each other and icy silences had replaced Homer andnShakespeare. They had broken up a few weeks after he acceptance. WhennSearle had told her that she was pregnant, she hadn't hesitated.nKeeping the child was out of question. Searle had covered her backnand she had gotten rid of the last thing that reminded her of James. Capa hadn't been very lucky with relationships. In school he had had ancrush on his lab partner Charleen, who ran away with is best friendnIan and came back when Ian had left her and the baby, but that wasnafter Capa had left for university. There henhad met Mark, a tall, blue eyed blond math student with a passion fornsnowboarding that got him killed five months into their relationship. At ISAnCapa had been with Reed, pretty much the only colleague who didn'tntreat him like he was a child. Reed, however, had left Capa afternthree years to marry his college girlfriend he had met a month agonafter not seeing her for six years. Mace had moved around a lot as child, which had made every friendship andnrelationship he had ever had in this time rather short lived. Hisnfirst relationship had been with Scott, a blue eyed, nerdy guy whonloved cars. Of course it had only held as long until his family hadnto move away again. His parents, too busy to notice his broken heart,nhad left it more or less in the hands of his twin sister to nurse himnthrough his first heart ache. He had repaid that favour when hernastrophysics boyfriend had left her at the end of her fourth collegenyear. Then his sister had met an obnoxiously rich guy and started tonsmile again and Mace had begun his first long term relationship byndumping the contents of his tray on Warren's lap. Warren had thensame beautiful blue eyes as Scott and at least as much commitmentnissues as Mace thanks to his abusive father. Three years later theynhad parted but they were still friends. Mace hadngotten a job as a mechanic on a space station, where he had, despitenwarnings and better knowledge, started sleeping with Bobby. Bobby wasntall, with blue eyes, a sunny smile that he smiled rarely and stillnmourning his boyfriend's death six years ago. In thenbeginning in had hurt to hear 'John' and not his own name onnBobby's lips in the night, but at the end it had hurt as much tonleave him again. But Mace had to go, he had only been a temporarynreplacement for the original engineer while she had been on maternitynleave. Back onnEarth he discovered that his sister had broken up with hernobnoxiously rich boyfriend, so he took a turn with that. Only thatnIan was not older than him, but younger, just 22 and barely out ofncollege and had the biggest and bluest eyes mace had ever seen. Itnhadn't worked out. Betweennhis application for the Icarus II mission, Jessica's marriage tonReed, who had suddenly turned up after six years and Ian leaving himnfor a doctor named Jack, Mace hadn't had the time to feel crushed. Capanand Mace hadn't been able not fight with each other from day one. The restnof the crew had been amused first how the two of them couldn't stopnpulling each other's pigtails, but it grew tiresome with the weeksnpassing by since nothing else happened between them. UntilnCorazon and Searle very accidentally locked them both in the airlock. Maybe thenIcarus could provide lover after all. ","Summary":" Humansnhave five basic needs: food, water, shelter, sleep and love. Food: Thenship carried lots of "},{"Movie":"Sunshine","Title":"Empty Sky","Author":"Hawki","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11041927","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Empty Sky I peer through an empty, darkened sky, Bereft of clouds or light. We're left with twilight for our days, And darkest, blackest nights. … No sense of joy, down here on Earth, Only anxiety and fear. For ourselves and for our world, For those we hold most dear. … After dusk we see the stars, And a dark and empty moon. Darkness is all we have left, And sense of dread and gloom. … We pray Icarus will succeed, Can bring back our sun's light. To illuminate these empty days, To drive back the night. ","Summary":" Empty Sky I peer through an empty, darkened sky, Bereft of clouds or light. We're left with twiligh"},{"Movie":"Sunshine","Title":"Isolation","Author":"HephaistionsThighs","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7222403","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Isolation Author: Hephaistion's Thighs Rating: PG AU: The Icarus II crew complete their mission and make it home safely. . . Mace was sitting in a window sill, smoking. The creak of a floorboard alerted him to another's presence - Capa near the doorway. \"What are you doing here?\" \"I came to check on you. No one's been able to contact you,\" the other explained. Mace didn't bother to take his turn in the conversation. \"Is your phone working?\" Capa asked. \"As much as I need it to,\" Mace replied. \"We thought you might be dead.\" The physicist's tone was less apologetic for the intrusion now, more frustrated at having to come all this way. \"Just answer the damn thing every once in a while.\" Mace shrugged. \"Why do you stay all the way up here?\" Capa asked. Exasperation was the word for his tone this time. \"It's green now, you know, most places. There's life everywhere. But you stay up here, where you can barely tell we did anything.\" Mace looked out the window again. \"I like the isolation.\" Capa sighed. \"Well... Just let us know you're alive occasionally, okay?\" Mace's compliance wasn't forthcoming, so Capa started to leave. \"It reminds me of before. This is what it looked like when we were together.\" Capa didn't have anything ready to reply to that. \"I always thought... I know we stopped... seeing each, because of the mission, and I understand that, but I always thought, when it was over, we would... try again.\" It was uncomfortable to see Mace flush with embarrassment like that. Mace wasn't the blushing sort. The vodka he'd broken out of storage the night before might have contributed. Capa didn't speak for a while, because again he didn't know what to say that wouldn't just make Mace worse. But finally he had to say the truth, \"It's not going to happen.\" They'd fought too much. Now Mace looked sad, and that was uncomfortable too. \"Will you come back with me? It's not safe for you to be living like this,\" Capa said. Mace shook his head. ","Summary":" Title: Isolation Author: Hephaistion's Thighs Rating: PG AU: The Icarus II crew complete their miss"},{"Movie":"Sunshine","Title":"Being Together","Author":"HephaistionsThighs","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7522993","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title : Being Together Pairing : Mace/Capa Warnings : Angst, character death, alternative universe Note about AU : This takes place after the Icarus II crew succeed and return safely to Earth. . . \"Hello?\" Mace answered the phone in his office. He had a ranking position as an engineer for the International Aerospace Agency now, and although he wasn't prone to spending too much time cooped up in his office, he did have one. \"Christopher Mace?\" the voice on the other end enquired. \"Yes,\" he replied. \"This is Agent Hughes with the International Beaurough of Investigation. I'm contacting you because there was an incident today at the Neutrino Astronomy Research Facility.\" \"Where's Capa?\" Mace interrupted. If something were wrong, why hadn't Capa called him himself? \"That is the matter the IBI is currently trying to resolve,\" the agent told him. \"An unknown group of individuals infiltrated the facility earlier today and apprehended several of the lead researchers.\" \"How long ago did this happen? What leads do you have for finding them?\" \"The event occurred around eleven a.m. this morning. I can't divulge the specifics of the investigation, but know that we are employing every resource at our disposal toward safely recovering the missing persons.\" \"I need to know what's going on!\" Mace objected. \"Capa is my—\" \"Due to your civil union with Robert Capa, we will keep you informed about the situation as it develops,\" Hughes assured him. . . Two days later, the television remote slipped off the couch and hit the floor. The screen blinked on in Mace's peripheral vision. \"—charred material, identified by forensic experts to be human remains. There has yet to be any report naming whom these remains may belong to, but they are widely speculated to belong to the fifteen scientists who were abducted on Tuesday. Most notable of these, of course, was Robert Capa, the physicist of the Icarus II mission and primary creator of the dark matter bomb. Our thoughts and prayers are with—\" The entire end table went through the thin screen on the wall. It was the first move Mace had made in over an hour. The TV report hadn't shocked him; he'd already known. Agent Hughes called to inform him. He also gave Mace a piece of information the public media wasn't yet privy to - that the kidnappers had been apprehended along with the burnt remains, and they'd confessed that the remains were the scientists. They shot Capa in the head. . . \"Mace.\" Where had Searle gotten a key to their house? Capa gave him one, no doubt. He trusted the psychologist without reservation. \"No one's seen you since the wake. We're worried about you.\" Mace didn't speak or move from where he sat on the floor against the foot of their bed. \"Greiving…\" Searle said slowly, \"isn't something to be handled clinically. Not usually, anyway. But that doesn't mean you can't get any help. You don't have to go through this alone. You're not going through it alone, you know. If you don't want to talk to me, that's fine, but a lot of people loved Capa. You could talk to his sister, his parents, Cassie… They know what you're going through.\" Mace had wanted Searle to stop talking half-way through his first sentence. \"I'm eating and showering. Okay? I just want to be alone.\" Searle watched him, and sighed. \"I can trust you to call me if you need to?\" he asked. \"Yes,\" Mace answered, because he wanted him to leave now. . Once Searle was gone, Mace rose to his feet and crawled onto their bed. He hadn't been able to sleep here since it happened, but he was so tired now and so very lonely. It was painful to lay on his side of the bed and see the yawning emptiness of Capa's side. As he stared at it, the pain began to manifest physically, collecting heaviness in his chest. It was hard to breathe. He turned over, facing away from the blatant visual of Capa's absence. He started crying. He had seen Capa cry a few times, and Capa cried with his whole body. His face showed what he was feeling, his chest heaved, his limbs trembled. Mace was very still when he cried. The pillow soaked up most of it, and the release calmed him a little. He began to drift off. He could imagine Capa coming back to him. The bed would dip only slightly under his light weight, he would press against Mace's back, his arm would wrap around him. He would kiss Mace's cheek and maybe, if he knew Mace weren't already asleep, he would whisper \"I love you\" in his ear. . . Mace did Capa's laundry. These were Capa's things and they shouldn't just be left wadded up in his clothes hamper like they had been for so long. He got them out of the dryer and carefully folded them, before putting them back in Capa's side of the wardrobe. Placing the last stack, he paused to look at the grey t-shirt on top. He may have stood there looking at it for several minutes. He picked it up, undoing his neat folding, and closed the drawer on the rest of the clothing. He sat on the bed and felt the material between his fingers. It was a thick jersey cotton. Soft and sturdy. It was very pleasant to touch, but he suddenly regretted washing it. It didn't smell like Capa anymore. Hesitantly, he reached over for Capa's pillow. Closing his arms around it and burying his face in it, he was engulfed in his late lover's scent. He was on the brink of tears again, tense with the force of his emotions. It was so hard to be without him. He could imagine Capa giving him physical comfort. It was easy to remember the feeling of Capa holding him, how the other man's body would fit around his own. It was easy to remember the sound of his voice, and imagine him saying soothing things to him. \"It's okay… Everything's okay. I'm right here.\" . Mace was still barely leaving their house. Every few days he'd walk to the nearby store to buy the essentials. For the first several trips, he'd put a pint of sorbet in his cart. Capa loved the stuff. Mace didn't really care for it, himself. Then he stopped because he realized it was accumulating in their freezer with no one to eat it. He felt no desire to return to work. Being on the Icarus II basically meant the government would keep paying him for the rest of his life, so he didn't need the money. He wanted to stay here, where he was closest to his memories of Capa. He would spend time every day looking at Capa's things, remembering how he used them, trying to piece together his exact motions and mannerisms. Sometimes it hurt, but he would much rather do this - spend time with Capa - than go do things that would make him forget about him. He eventually didn't realize it was strange at all to lay one of Capa's shirts on their bed and just sort of gently touch it while he thought about him. He would have conversations with Capa through his things. He would tell him how his day was going, eventless as it was, and he would tell him that he missed him. At first. After long enough he stopped telling Capa how much he missed him and instead found himself telling him how much he loved him. He held on tightly to his mental focus on Capa; he didn't want to lose the feeling that he was still here with him. Some mornings he would wake up and stare at the ceiling. Capa's gone. Capa's gone. No more Capa for you, ever . But that was too painful. It eliminated his will to live, and he just couldn't stay like that. So other mornings he'd wake up and set Capa's breakfast dishes on the table beside his own. He and the absence of Capa would just sit there quietly and have breakfast. He found he did that a lot these days - just found a spot and sat there silently by himself. He liked to occupy himself by imagining Capa. It was much more soothing than television or music. . . \"Mace. Mace.\" Capa had that gentle-but-firm look. He added to it with a hint of a smile. \"You really need to get out of here, man.\" \"Are you shooing me out of the house?\" Mace asked. \"Pretty much… I'm getting bored through how bored you must be,\" Capa said. \"I don't know what to do out there…\" Mace had never been an anxious person, but he had developed a bit of a nervousness lately. He didn't know what the world held anymore. \"See a movie, go to the park. Anything. Just go.\" \"Don't you want to go with me?\" Mace asked. \"I think I should stay here.\" So Capa stayed in the house while Mace left. Mace just kind of wandered through the park and the merchant booths beyond. He collected interesting things to tell Capa about when he got home. It was a nice time, but he looked forward to getting back to him. . Mace's phone was ringing. \"Aren't you going to get that?\" Capa asked. Mace shrugged. He never answered the phone. Capa sighed, grabbed Mace's phone, opened it, and handed it to him. Mace accepted, having no choice. \"Hello?\" \"You still know how your phone works!\" Searle's voice on the other end. \"You're hysterical.\" \"I just wanted to know how you've been. I've called a few times,\" the doctor said. \"I'm fine.\" Mace knew he should have elaborated at least another sentence's worth on that point, but he couldn't think what to say. A long pause followed his statement. \"Well I thought you should know your picture was in the news the other day. Someone photographed you while you were out.\" \"Yeah.\" Mace's hadn't known, he hadn't looked at the news in ages, but it wasn't uncommon for the former Icarus II crew to attract paparazzi. \"We're all glad to see you out and about, Mace,\" Searle said. \"I know a lot of people would like to see more of you. What do you think about meeting Cassie and I for lunch sometime?\" Searle knew Mace liked Cassie, that she was someone he might actually want to see. \"I…\" He looked at Capa. Capa shook his head. \"I don't think so. I think… I'll just stay in.\" \"Okay.\" He could hear the disappointment in Searle's voice. \"But just know it's an open offer. I'll talk to you again soon, alright? If you'll answer your phone?\" \"Alright,\" Mace said. . It seemed like a big incident, Searle trying to make him go socialize with other people. It had only been a gentle invitation, but it shook Mace. It took him a while to go out at all again, and Capa wasn't trying to encourage him now. Until of course it had been a day and a half since Mace had eaten. He felt Capa stroke his hair. \"You need to go to the store, baby.\" There was an empty pantry, empty fridge, empty Mace. Mace peeked out from under his arm at him. He had been curled up on the couch for a few hours now. Capa was looking at him sadly. He curled up tighter. He didn't want to go out there. \"Just make a quick trip for a few minutes, and I'll be waiting for you when you get back,\" Capa said. \"Can't you come with me?\" Mace asked. \"You know I can't. But you really need to go - you're getting sick.\" . Under Capa's insistence, Mace changed into clean clothes and left the house. He was nearing the store when he heard someone shouting. \"Christopher! Christopher!\" What the hell? Mace tried to keep walking, but someone stopped him: an excited-looking man with a quick-clicking camera. Mace sighed. How many days must this guy have been camping out here since he found out this was where Mace did his shopping? \"Sorry, I'm kind of in a hurry…\" \"The public hasn't seen you for months. How has Robert's death been affecting you?\" the so-called reporter fired off. What? Mace punched him square in the face, and he was pretty sure he broke his nose. The man screamed and cursed at him as he quickly turned around and went back home. He'd find a new place to shop. . \"I'm only concerned,\" Searle placated. Headlines such as \"GRIEF-STRICKEN CHRISTOPHER MACE LASHES OUT AT BYSTANDER!\" and the photographer's assault charges were certainly drawing out this reaction from the psychologist. \"The guy was up in my face and talking shit!\" Mace defended. \"I know, I know. Just tell your lawyer to settle out of court with the guy, and don't punch anyone else.\" \"Fine.\" \"Mace, I'd really like if you'd talk to someone. Everyone is very concerned about you. If you don't want to talk to me, I could set you up with someone,\" Searle suggested. \"I'm not going to counselling over this.\" Mace thought this was all being blown way out of proportion. \"Okay.\" Searle didn't want to try to force Mace into anything. \"Maybe you could just call me every once in a while, to check in. We could set a time. Maybe at four p.m.?\" \"I'm not calling you every day, Searle.\" \"How about once a week? Can you handle talking to me once a week?\" \"Fine. Friday at four, I'll call you.\" Stupid paparazzi. . So every week Mace called and gave him a short update about how things were going. True to his word, Searle didn't try to turn it into a therapy session. Or he only tried very subtly, at least. He didn't ask about Capa or the lack thereof. Perhaps he was reassured by how relatively normal Mace was being. He had settled with the asshole paparazzi, and he was carefully avoiding the rest of them. After the incident he had stayed in home for a few weeks, paying extra to have his groceries delivered. Then he started going out again, once a week to the new store and once a week to somewhere else. He wouldn't stay out for long, but it was better than complete hermitage. He didn't talk to Searle about Capa. \"Are you sure you need to keep talking to him?\" Capa asked. Mace wasn't sure what he meant. \"I mean, you handled that assualt thing. It's not as if you have a serious issue, the guy just provoked you. You could tell Searle you don't need to talk to him anymore.\" Mace supposed he was right. So that Friday at the regular time, he called Searle up and told him it would be the last check-in. He could tell Searle wanted him to change his mind, but he wasn't able to convince him. . Mace remembered distinctly how Capa's skin felt. . Mace had been out late that night. He decided this week's activity should be a movie. He hadn't seen a movie since— a long time. He didn't want to go to a regular movie theater, with all the crowds of people who might recognize him, so he dusted off his car and headed out to one of the few drive-ins left. It was about a fifty-minute drive, then he watched the movie intently, remembering all the amusing or interesting details so he could tell Capa about it when he got home. The long drive back, and staying up to describe the film to Capa, he didn't get to sleep until past two o'clock. So when Searle was knocking at his door at ten o'clock, the doctor wasn't visiting inappropriately early in the morning. It just felt that way to Mace. He opened the door, squinting at him grumpily, \"Searle?\" \"I'm sorry to bother you, but you weren't answering your phone, and I wanted to make sure you're okay. Something could happen to you and we'd have no way of knowing, Mace…\" Mace cut off his lecture, \"Okay, alright. Just keep your voice down, Capa's still sleeping.\" Searle's brows drew together. \"What?\" \"He's still sleeping, so keep your voice down,\" Mace repeated. \"You said Capa's sleeping?\" \"Yeah, sleeping ,\" Mace said incredulously. \"What do you want, man, we were up late.\" \"You think Capa's there, in your bedroom, sleeping?\" Searle clarified once more. \"Where else would he sleep?\" \"Mace… Capa's dead.\" Mace immediately became tense. \"I think you should leave.\" \"Mace, Capa's not in your bedroom. He was murdered, back in March, remember?\" Searle was speaking carefully, as if to a confused child. \"Shut the fuck up!\" Mace slammed the door in Searle's face. He could hear the other still trying to talk to him through the door, but he just went back into his bedroom, shutting that door as well, and laid back down with Capa. His husband was still asleep, despite the shouting and slamming. Mace curled up around him and blocked out the noise. Some time later, a small noise did reach him. The click of Searle using the key Capa had given him to get into their house. He held onto Capa. Don't come in here. Don't come in here. \"Don't let him come in here.\" Mace didn't know when Capa had woken up. He got up and pushed on the door, holding it shut. \"Mace?\" Searle called. \"Go away!\" \"I know how hard this must be for you, but Capa is dead. If you're seeing him, he's not real.\" \"How can you say that? He's right here! He's here!\" \"Then let me in and I'll see for myself. If he's really there, nothing's wrong. If he's not, you need to come with me to the hospital,\" Searle said. Mace looked back at Capa. \"Don't let him in.\" \"I can't let you in, Searle.\" The doctor tried to convince him for a while, but Mace stopped answering. Then he heard Searle talking, but not to him. Ten minutes later, a few other voices appeared. \"Mace, I have some doctors out here. We just want to help you. Can you let us in?\" Mace didn't answer. \"We're going to have to come in by force, otherwise,\" Searle said. Mace paused. They were going to get in here, and it would either be through Mace letting them in or through them cracking down his and Capa's bedroom door. \"Okay. I'll let you in.\" He stepped back from the door and opened it. Only Searle came in; the other doctors were standing back, ready. \"Capa's not here, Mace. You know he's not here,\" Searle said. \"He is here!\" But when Mace turned back toward the rest of the room, Capa was gone. His presence couldn't stand up when Mace knew, buried under however much denial, that no one else would see him there. \"Capa?\" \"It's okay. Just come with me, and we'll get you some help.\" Searle didn't want to have to take Mace in by force. Mace was trembling, looking at the empty room. \"Where… Where'd he…\" \"It's okay,\" Searle repeated. \"He was here, Searle. He was right here.\" Nothing made sense. Nothing around him made sense. \"You know he wasn't. I'm sorry. I miss Capa too, but he's gone.\" Mace rounded on him. \"Would you stop saying that? Capa is not dead! I would know if he were dead!\" \"You do know it, Mace,\" Searle said. He didn't want to be unkind, but he had to reaffirm reality. \"He's not… He can't be… I can't… without him…\" Mace felt physically unstable, like he was losing control of his senses. \"It's okay, Mace. Let's go.\" Mace let Searle steer him away with a hand on his shoulder until they were outside on the steps, about to get into the waiting ambulance. \"No!\" Mace was suddenly backtracking. \"I can't go! I have to stay here!\" He was struggling against Searle, and then he was struggling against Searle and two other doctors. Or orderlies. Or medical bouncers. Or whatever you call large men in scrubs who help doctors with psychotic patients. And then something stabbed him, and the house he and Capa had shared was fading from view. . . Mace didn't bother to count the long weeks that passed before he saw it again. Therapy was hell. Much of it consisted of the most painful fact in his life - Capa is dead - being told to him over and over and over again. He had to say it back, and the doctors had to believe him. He knew Capa was dead, now. Capa had died a long time ago, and he had lost his shit. He'd gone off the deep end. What were you suppossed to do, when the person you wake up next to every day is suddenly yanked out of your life? Mace hadn't been able to cope. The doctors made it clear that they weren't judging him, this wasn't about him having done something wrong, but it didn't help his view of himself that what most people could handle, even if it hurt them, had made him completely lose his sanity. He didn't know whether or not his little 'episode' had leaked into the press or not. He hadn't asked anyone. But whether it had become public knowledge or not, he wasn't ready to be back around regular people full-time again. He was considering a job, but he would wait a while. His house had been professionally cleaned while he was gone. He had been resistant at first - they'd move Capa's things, they'd wash his scent out of the pillow case - but eventually agreed with his shrink that it needed to be done. So the house - his, not theirs - seemed different when he returned. He moved some things on his own. He put Capa's pillow in the hall closet. He moved his chopsticks out of the silverware drawer. All the sorbet in the freezer got thrown out. He was readjusting, setting up a new pattern for his life. He had to call his therapist every day, and every once in a while he'd call Searle too. Every other week he went to a group counselling session for grief. By he was still alone most of the time, in the house that really was the same house he and Capa used to be together in. He could feel his other self-occupying thoughts being hijacked by how much he missed Capa, how much he wished Capa were here, even if yes, he knew, the doctors had said so, Capa was never coming back. He went to his group session one night and talked more than usual. He hadn't really meant to, it just happened that way. And group therapy was all about honesty, so he spoke a lot about how he had no idea how to live his life without Capa. As an inpatient he'd been given substantial lessons about life management, but he still had no practical idea about what to do with himself for the rest of his life. The next day he was worse than usual. His phone had started ringing constantly, but he ignored it. It wasn't time for his scheduled psych call, so if anyone else wanted to talk to him, they were going to have to wait. Eventually he just turned it off. He was entitled to alone time when he wanted it, damnit. He was giving up for today. He'd get back on track tomorrow. He couldn't fight his loneliness anymore. He went and got Capa's pillow from the closet and held it hugged against his chest, sitting on their - he couldn't make it just 'his' right now - bed. He didn't do anything else for a long time. He simply allowed himself to feel all his agony and longing. He wanted Capa. He wanted Capa back . Through the open bedroom door, he saw the front door's knob turn. It didn't open, but there was a knock on the other side. After taking a moment to overcome his own resistance, Mace sat the pillow aside and answered it. Capa, eyes wide and hopeful. And a scar beside his eye, symbolic of his pain - Mace's guilt, really - at Mace trying to forget about him. Mace sighed and turned away from the door. He was proud of himself for not feeling relieved about his delusion's presence. It would soothe him, but only for a short time, and then it would hurt more to reaffirm again that Capa was dead, Capa was dead, Capa was dead. He was frustrated with himself for being so weak. \"Mace…\" Mace sat heavily on the couch, placing the heels of his hands over his eyes. \"You shouldn't be here.\" \"What? Mace, it's me!\" He became suddenly angry. He rose and grabbed the image of Capa by the shoulders. For a moment he wondered what this must look like to a sane person watching. \"You're not him! He's dead! I wish you would just go away!\" Capa had instantly tensed under the aggressive touch. He stared at Mace and slowly shook his head. \"I don't know what you're talking about.\" Mace carded his fingers through the phantom's hair. \"I can't have you anymore. You have to leave.\" It looked like Capa was starting to blink back tears. \"What is wrong with you?\" \"I know. I wish… I wish you were here. But I can't keep doing this—\" \"You're not making any sense,\" Capa interrupted. Mace went to the door and held it open. \"You used the door this time, so you should probably leave the same way.\" He was looking down, he couldn't face turning his vision of Capa away directly. \"I just spent the last twenty-two hours negotiating with the IBI so I could—\" \"Just go. Leave.\" A long silence. \"Fine.\" The voice sounded wet. Mace kept his eyes on the ground as Capa passed him. Then he closed his eyes tightly. You're going to count to ten, and when you open your eyes, he'll be gone. He counted to ten, each number deliberate. When he opened his eyes and looked out the door, Capa was still there. He had stopped on their top step, and there he sat, arms crossed over his knees, forehead resting on those, shoulders shaking. Mace watched him for a while. His imaginary Capa had comforted many times when he was crying, but it had never cried itself. He pulled out his phone and dialed. \"Searle? Listen, I… I just need you to listen for a minute, and tell me what you hear.\" He crouched and held the phone out to Capa. Capa raised his eyes and took it. \"Searle? It's Capa. Yes, I— I— I'll explain later, I— Because I've been trying to call Mace! Look, call Agent Erikson at the IBI. What the hell is wrong with Mace? He's not—\" Mace took the phone back and eyed the hallucinated man warily. \"What did you hear?\" \"Mace, it's Capa,\" Searle confirmed. \"…How do I know I'm not imagining this, too?\" Mace asked. He was staring at Capa now. Was this the real Capa? The one who was dead? \"There's no easy answer for that one, Mace. But you wouldn't be seeing Capa if he weren't there and you didn't think he was there. I don't know whats going on either, but I can tell you I just heard Capa's voice.\" Mace shut off his phone. He reached out and touched Capa's face. \"You're real?\" \"Yes, stupid.\" His skin was red around his eyes from crying. \"I've been in captivity for eight months , and since I've been rescued I've done nothing but try to get to you, and you don't even want me here. What the fuck is going on?\" It took Mace a moment to answer. He was just staring at Capa in shock. \"You're alive…\" He suddenly lunged forward and pulled Capa into his arms, hard. Capa didn't resist, holding onto him just as hard. It was awkward, with both of them down on the pavement step, but they didn't care. \"I've been seeing you,\" Mace told him. \"I wanted you back so badly I had myself thinking you were here. I spent a while in a psych ward.\" \"God, Mace.\" Capa had been angry with him only a moment ago, but now he understood why he had acted so strangely. Mace released him from the embrace enough to look at him closely. He touched the scar beside his eye. \"How are you alive?\" \"They faked our deaths. They had bodies from people they had killed off the streets. Three of those bodies were ours, though… The ones they didn't need. They burned the bodies to make it look like they had killed and cremated us, and they left some of their own people behind to get caught and tell that story.\" Mace shuddered. If he had known, if he'd had any idea, he wouldn't have rested until he found Capa. He had been sure he was dead. They'd found his wedding ring in the ashes. \"Here.\" He shakily removed his own ring and took Capa's bare hand, sliding the band onto his finger. It didn't fit, Capa was even bonier than before, but that was alright. They sat in silence for a while, simply being together again. Capa wiped under his eyes. \"We should go. The IBI only gave me an hour. They still want me to answer a thousand more questions.\" Capa stroked Mace's face and took his hand, leading him across the street to a waiting black car. Mace had thought it belonged to one of the neighbors before, but now he realized there was a serious-looking IBI agent within. For a moment he was embarrassed to have been seen in such an emotional state by a stranger, but then he really couldn't care. ","Summary":" Title : Being Together Pairing : Mace/Capa Warnings : Angst, character death, alternative universe "},{"Movie":"Sunshine","Title":"sunshine","Author":"whynotzoidberg","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9920968","Passage":"[Chapter 1] He pressed his hand to the sun and smiled. It was almost hot enough not to hurt. He blissfully watched the skin on his palm sear off. This was it. Everyone was dead and if this worked, everyone would live. He waited for footsteps but heard none. At that moment, he stopped being jealous of Trey, who had ended his life before all the chaos. He felt wonderful. The sun was beautiful. Everyone would become part of the sun. Ashes to ashes. Stars to stardust. He wished Searle could see this. But he was gone, burned to death in the Icarus I. Mace had frozen to death as coolant entered his bloodstream. Corazon was stuck somewhere, an electric scalpel still lodged in her spine. Harvey's body was already gone, frozen in space then disintegrated by the sun. And Kaneda, destroyed before his eyes by the sun. He listened as all this disappeared, he could hear the Icarus II exploding behind him. Only him and Cassie and Pinbacker were left. Stuck on the payload as it smashed into the sun. He forgot about the wound on his chest. He could only feel the sun. Its intense warmth as it slowly consumed his arm. Soon it crawled up his shoulder and into his smiling mouth. He imagined his family back on Earth; how long it would take them to realize he was dead. About seven years he thought. He could live for seven more years. Then the sun took his brain and ashes to ashes, stars to stardust. ","Summary":" He pressed his hand to the sun and smiled. It was almost hot enough not to hurt. He blissfully watc"},{"Movie":"Sunshine","Title":"No matter what","Author":"deeday1000","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6227665","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Harvey was beginning to hate it on this ship. Hated the artificial light above him, the cold steel around him, the never-ending space surrounding him, the strangers with him. Perhaps hate was a strong word, he didn't actively dislike the crew for any particular fault they possessed. They were a decent bunch, hardworking, intelligent, and actually good company. People he wouldn't mind spending time with back home. But, he couldn't help but hate them sometimes. He hated them because none of them were her . Karen. His wife. The love of his life. The reason he hated being involved with this mission. And, in truth, the only reason he had let himself set foot on the damn ship in the first place. If Icarus II failed, if the crew failed, the world would end. Everyone and everything would die. Karen would die. He'd be damned if he'd let that happen, not while there was still a single breath in his body. Not while he was able to save her. And that's what he was doing right now. In his own little way, he was going to stop the end of the world. Part of him still raged against it. He would lie awake at night, tortured by haunting half-dreams of her. And parts of him would scream at him. You idiot! Why did you leave? Someone else could have done this. You should be at home taking care of her! And that part of him was right. Someone else could have taken on this job. But he knew they couldn't do it as well as he would. He had been picked for this job for a reason. He was the best. And so he left her behind. Three months ago to the day. He had hated saying goodbye to her. He would never forget it, no matter how long he lived. It was one of those memories that would never leave, but would instead remain gnawing away at him, making his insides squirm in discomfort every time he thought of it. She had been so brave, hugging and kissing him goodbye when the time came. Any tears shed were hastily pushed away when she thought he wasn't looking. She knew him so well, knew it would hurt him to see her so upset. His brave, wonderful girl. He would do anything for her. So, when she made him promise her one thing, and one thing only, he vowed to himself that, no matter what, he would see it done. \" You listen to me,\" she said, grasping his face in her palms, a fierce look in her eyes. \"You get home safely; you get back to me, no matter what. I want my hero home in one piece\" . He had laughed aloud at the sight of her giving him orders, and had stood to attention, giving a salute and a professional \"Yes, ma'am\". She snorted in derision at that, but he managed to distract her, narrowly avoided a mocking blow to his chest, by giving her another kiss. And another one, and another one, until the time ran out, and his final kiss was bestowed on her waiting mouth. And then, he was gone. Gone from her life, gone from his home, gone from his world. Perhaps never to return. Harvey shook himself fiercely at that morbid thought. No! He would return home no matter what it took. He wouldn't leave her alone forever. He had promised her, and this was one promise that he could never break. Would never break. ","Summary":" Harvey was beginning to hate it on this ship. Hated the artificial light above him, the cold steel "},{"Movie":"Sunshine","Title":"Sunshine stories: Before the End","Author":"paranoid woman","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5075574","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Before the End Fandom: Sunshine. Word Count: 307. Pairing: Capa/Mace (slash) Rating: T. Warnings: None. Summary: Before completing the mission, Capa remembers what's most important to him. Disclaimer: I don't own Sunshine. Beta: None, so all mistakes are mine. Author's Note: This is my first Sunshine fic. I hope you enjoy it. XxX Before the End The sun is an outstanding star. Incredible. Perfect. I'm blinded by its beauty. I've seen it many times, but it's only now that I can understand the meaning of this mission, of this crusade. I'm lost in its brightness. I'm the only one left. Only I can do the job, and I better do it right. It hurts. The suit won't make it to the end of the ride. Me neither. And as I keep going towards the light, I remember our moments. Outer space drives you crazy. It transforms your perspective. It turns you into a ghost of the person you used to be. But you and me, we recognize each other. We see who we are and we interact. We crash and that's fascinating. No matter what the consequences are. Even if you swear you can't stand me… Even if we fight… Even if you can't really say you're sorry… You are the cause of everything. The beginning… and the end. I reach out, knowing this is the last chance. I can feel the nearness of destruction, of creation. The nearness of actual hope for mankind. I close my eyes, at peace with the world, with the way things are. It's over now. I'm giving myself to you again. The room isn't so cold anymore, as your gaze is heavy on me, your caresses getting rough, intense. You press your lips against mine and I can feel your strength, your need to be needed. Your body and mine, tangled. Heat in all the right places. Your breath so close, your voice calling my name. Your hand in my hand as this twisted game continues. It's time to go. I don't care of we cease to exist. I've got you with me. You hover around me, protecting me, guiding me. That's more than I'll ever need. The End. XxX ","Summary":" Title: Before the End Fandom: Sunshine. Word Count: 307. Pairing: Capa/Mace (slash) Rating: T. Warn"},{"Movie":"Sunshine","Title":"Sacrifice","Author":"AnnaFrancesca","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8278742","Passage":"[Chapter 1] His dreams – his nightmares; they always involved the sun, being blinded, falling, burning. He was used to it. Since taking the job – no, before that, when the idea that the sun could be saved, that the payload could work to revive it... that's when he first started thinking of it. Of the fate that could await him. Sacrificing his life for everyone else, that was an idea he could face. But burning alive... things were better now. Better, now that he accepted it. Accepted the miracles he could be making. And the sun... he was no longer afraid. He saw these miracles, through out his mind everyday. And the view, even so far away, in the tiny, insignificant spacecraft. It was amazing. He accepted it. It was no longer terrifying. Which is what made seeing Mace's death, even through a screen that much worse. Freezing to death. Freezing, completely. He made a sacrifice, to save them all, to give humanity one last chance a survival. They all did. But slowly freezing to death as he tried, and failed to save the systems... dying, knowing that you were failing, that the mission may have all been for nothing. It wouldn't have been. If not for Capa. He killed them, he killed them all. If not for his idea, if not for the fact that he made the decision to go to Icarus I, instead of staying on course... it wouldn't have happened. Kaneda wouldn't have died fixing the damage the ship get from changing course. Trey and Searle wouldn't have killed themselves. Harvey wouldn't have flown to his death, ensuring Capa's own survival. Corazon wouldn't have been stabbed by Pinbacker. Mace wouldn't have frozen to death, trying to fix the sabotage caused by Pinbacker, and Capa and Cassie would not have been pursued by him. The mission could have worked with minimum casualties, a safe flight home, oxygen gardens intact. But no. It wasn't even Trey's fault for the miscalculation. Just Capa's. Icarus I was a mistake made by him, and everyone around him had paid the price for it. Even dying... he knew he was about to die. But he embraced it. He was always going to have to make a sacrifice. He just didn't want to be the once to have made everyone do it, too. ","Summary":" His dreams – his nightmares; they always involved the sun, being blinded, falling, burning. He was "},{"Movie":"Sunshine","Title":"Rosa","Author":"Punctuator","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7442871","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: One from the vaults, from way, way back. Found it while cleaning up archived files on the eldest Mac. Fluffy and affectionate: enjoy! ##### ##### ROSA They looked almost nothing alike. Whereas his cheekbones were high, almost fantastically sharp, his wideset eyes an unearthly clear blue, her face was slender to the point of caution, her eyes a deep brown just a touch lighter than Cassie's. Brother and sister had brown hair of a similar shade, and that seemed to be the extent of their resemblance. Onscreen and at first, they appeared to be unrelated. Then, as Rosa Fischer talked to Capa, her brother Robert, homebound from saving the sun and, by extension, all life on Earth, Cassie began to see elements, shared traces, in their features and mannerisms. A deceptive delicacy, running counter to the intense focus of expression on the face: smiling or serious, it didn't matter. An absolute openness, of a kind that inspired in Cassie both a heartshaking urge to glance away and an elemental, nearly fierce protectiveness, in the eyes. She was sharing, on his invitation, his latest call Earthward. It was a live feed now, not a recording. They were nearly home. \"Nearly,\" as in \"under two months out.\" Rosa was saying, affectionately and wryly: \"You're telling me you weren't afraid.\" \"No.\" She saw the cracks starting, Cassie did: Capa's expression, ever so calm, was giving way. \"Not at all—\" Rosa prompted drolly. Capa pursed his lips as he shook his head. \"No.\" \"The sun was right there. Right there. And you weren't afraid.\" \"Mm mm.\" through the teeth behind those full, pursed lips. \"You're a damned liar, Robert, and you know it.\" Capa surrendered with a wide, sheepish grin. He gazed out at his sister with his eyes the color of the vaulted heaven of the Sistine Chapel. He nudged Cassie gently, nodding toward the screen. \"Yes, I know it. And, Cass, I'm sorry, but she's the only sister I have.\" \"Meaning—?\" prompted Rosa, with a perplexed but affable frown. \"The future Mrs. Capa will, unfortunately, be unable to pick and choose when it comes to sisters-in-law.\" Rosa's eyes widened. \"The future Mrs.—\" Capa leaned forward, reaching for the transmission-termination toggle. \"Think Mace is at the door, Rosa —\" \"Wait. Robert — Don't you dare —\" \" — and you know how tetchy he gets when he can't use the phone —\" \"You're getting married ?\" \"Gotta go,\" Capa said. \"Love you, Rosa.\" He winked at his sister, ended the transmission. ##### ##### On live feed then. ##### ##### Live-live now. The three of them walked in muddy-soled boots and spring coats through a sodden but awakening park in Sydney, Australia. Capa, lucky man, had a girl on each arm. Ahead of them in the clumping tireless tumble of those younger than ten ran Tilly and Sam, Rosa's kids. As Cassie watched, Tilly with a cry of \"Tag!\" tackled Sam to the splotchy re-grassing ground. Full-contact tag, obviously. \"Hey, Tilly!\" Rosa called. \"Easy, there!\" But both children were laughing. No damage to Sam, save to the last hitherto unmuddied inches of his jacket and trousers. \"One for the wash,\" Rosa muttered. \"Good tackle,\" Cassie observed. \"She's already planning to make her mark in the WFA. Once she's done making her mark on her brother, that is.\" Rosa glanced wryly across Capa to Cassie. \"Bet he told you he had two nephews.\" \"Wha — who?\" Capa, mildly absent up until now, focused in. \"I did not.\" \"Oh, really? Hmm —?\" Rosa prompted Cassie. \"He's never kept it straight.\" \"Two nephews— No.\" Capa looked sharply at Cassie. \"I most certainly did not —\" Cassie laughed. \"Oh, yes, you did.\" \"Christ. I did, didn't I?\" \"You're a damned liar, Robert,\" Rosa intoned, affectionately. \"A damned lousy liar.\" \"And you're a rotten uncle, too,\" Cassie added. But she eased closer as they walked, squeezed his arm. ##### ##### \"Think I'll be a rotten father as well?\" he asked softly. \"Think you should get used to being a husband first,\" Cassie replied, snuggling closer to him. They were billeted in an under-eaves room of Rosa's house, well up in the attic. Cozy. Peaked ceiling, one small square window, a pane of shiny blue-black behind a white lace curtain, just feet from the foot of their bed. \"You're accustomed to tight spaces, aren't you?\" Rosa had said, passing Cassie a pile of pillows and folded pillowcases and towels. \"I — we wouldn't feel comfortable with too much room,\" Cassie had replied, honestly. \"Not just yet.\" \"Good.\" Rosa smiled, leaned across the linens, and kissed her on the cheek. \"Welcome to the family, Cassie.\" — as something downstairs crashed to the floor, and Sam yelled, \"Tilly —!\" \"Or to the madhouse,\" Rosa muttered. She gave Cassie a beleaguered smile, went down the stairs. \"G'night.\" ##### ##### She awoke to a soft wet pattering overhead. For a moment, she was confused: a leak in the pipes, maybe. One of the conduits running to the Oxygen Garden. But as she lay in the dark, she realized it wasn't falling onto her, even though, by the sound, it was falling. Something beyond the bulkhead but under the influence of gravity — how —? \"Robert —\" she whispered. He was awake; he'd been listening to it, too. He squeezed her. \"It's rain, Cass.\" He didn't keep the wonder from his voice. Cassie, nestled with him in their tiny garret room, lay in her own quiet pocket of wonder and listened. As she slipped back into sleep, she realized for the first time, truly, since their arrival not just here in Rosa's big old gabled house but on Earth itself: We made it . ##### ##### Morning. Down in the kitchen, Rosa was attempting to re-establish diplomatic relations between the sovereign states of Tillyland and Greater Samia, which relations, from what Cassie could hear, had buckled following a dispute over cereal preferences and related shortages. She and Capa cowered together cozily and listened. Not even the odor of good strong Earth coffee drifting up the stairs could tempt them closer to the fray boiling below. \"Not late to school as well.\" Cassie echoed Rosa. \"Jesus.\" \"That'll be us in a few years,\" Capa said. \"No, it won't.\" She propped herself up, met his eyes. \"I'm going to fly shuttles. You can stay home with the kids.\" \"Oh, no. No. That's it. I want a — Is it too late for an annulment?\" \"Given last night — and the night before — and that afternoon in the room behind your lab at the base — I'd have to say 'yes.'\" \"We'll have to get a divorce, then.\" Capa eased her onto her back, eased himself closer, kissed her. They had no set schedule for the morning; Rosa had told them they were on their own hours, as long as they remembered to lock the door when they went out. \"Remind me later, okay...?\" Cassie, smiling, wrapped him in her arms. \"Okay.\" ##### ##### Later, they met her downtown for lunch. Rosa parked them at a window table in a busy, wood-trimmed cafe, where sunlight skirted the half-raised blinds and boldly streaked the menus, and they ordered pasta and salad and iced tea. \"So, how'd he talk you into it?\" Rosa pulled apart the last breadstick, her friendly dark eyes on Cassie's wedding ring. \"Not pregnant, are you?\" Capa coughed into his water glass. \"No. I don't think —\" He spluttered to a blanch. \"We're not, are we —?\" he asked Cassie. \"Listen to him bandying about the communal 'we.'\" Rosa laughed. She wagged the greater part of her breadstick at Capa. \"She's the one who'll be doing all the work, and you know it. Not to mention, you should get used to questions like that. You head out on your lecture tour, that's what the press will be asking.\" \"The press will be asking how we completed the mission,\" Capa said coolly, picking up his fork. \"Oh, will they?\" Rosa met his eyes frankly. \"We've had nothing but bloody 'complete-the-mission' for three years. Now we're not going to die off, we want to celebrate, and that means trotting out the tabloid questions for our poster-boy scientist-saviour and his wife, the beautiful and brave pilot. So stick your physics on the back burner and get ready for it, Robert. Anyway, then... are you?\" \"What —?\" Rosa rolled her eyes Cassie's way. \"Wasn't like this for the whole trip, was he?\" Cassie laughed. \"No, thank God. And no: not yet.\" \"'Poster-boy scientist-saviour,'\" Capa was muttering, past a last mouthful of ravioli. \"Of all the ridiculous —\" On cue, a girl in a gray coat hovered to a halt at their table. She had ash-blonde hair and eyes that matched her coat; she was all of sixteen if she was a minute, Cassie thought. She had a messenger bag slung over her shoulder and a notepad and pen in her hands, and she looked at Capa with what could only be termed \"shy reverence.\" \"Excuse me — I'm so sorry —\" she said. \"Are you Robert Capa?\" Capa looked at her a third blankly, a third bemusedly. The third third, Cassie could see, he was reserving for a frown. To the girl, she said, smiling slightly: \"Yes, he is.\" The girl blushed and beamed in equal measure. She looked over her shoulder; Cassie saw, behind her, a tableful of girls of like age, with books and bags and coats. \"It's him,\" the first girl said, smiling. They all rose in unison and headed over. Their girl returned her attention to Capa, whose one-third frown had been pre-empted by a mild look of panic, and shyly offered him the notepad and pen. \"Could I get your autograph?\" Rosa eyed the advancing mob good-naturedly and got up. \"Think that's my cue to get the car.\" She plucked a folding of bills from her purse, dropped it on the table, and made for the exit. Cassie nodded. She sat and casually finished her tea and watched her poster-boy scientist-saviour husband take his first tentative steps into the world of celebrity. ##### ##### Later: work. Contacts, calls, messages sent and read. Data received, transmitted. Schedules set. Later, the Capas — Capa's and Rosa's parents — would be coming in. For now, tasks finished, Capa and Cassie had time for a run, a cleanup, maybe a bit of canoodling between the two. Post-run, not \"maybe\": yes. Post-canoodle, smiling, languid, content, Cassie left Capa to finish what had started out as a shared shower. She toweled and dressed in their cozy attic room; she thought of what they'd touched on at lunch, topic-wise, and called toward the cream-colored bathroom door: \"I might have lied.\" Through the door, the water just shutting off, Capa's voice called in muffled reply: \"What's that, Cass—?\" From downstairs, well below, came the sounds of people entering the house, stampeding feet, cries of \"Grandma!\" and \"Grandpa!\" A \"Mom —\" from Rosa — and then a woman's voice, weathered, practical, emotional: \"Where is he? I want to see— Where— Rosa, you didn't put them in the attic —?\" \"Tell you later, sweetheart.\" Cassie smiled toward the tumult downstairs. \"Your parents are here.\" ##### ##### ##### THE END ","Summary":" A/N: One from the vaults, from way, way back. Found it while cleaning up archived files on the elde"},{"Movie":"Sunshine","Title":"Cassie's end","Author":"deeday1000","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6205859","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Everything hurt. All she could do was lie there and wait for it all to end. Her limbs seemed to no longer respond; it was all she could do to keep breathing. Every twitch of her body resulted in another blast of agony. She didn't cry out, that would only cause more pain. Instead, she lay in a heap, teeth gritted, breathing shallow, just staring at the slowly increasing pool of blood beside her. Dammit. She wished she could move. That was all she wanted. The pain, the prospect of death… by now, those concerns had ceased to worry her. There was nothing she could do to stop them. Anyway, what did they matter in the long run? The pain would end soon, and her death… well, she would die for a reason at least. She would die having helped save mankind from extinction. Knowing that made it easier. She just didn't want to die alone. Capa was gone, the last one left to detonate the bomb and complete the mission. She hoped he would get there in time. There couldn't be too long left by now. The payload had been separated from the ship, propelling the bomb straight into the sun. Not long left. Please God, let him get there in time. Please God, let it work. She thought she would feel more afraid when this moment came. Long ago, she had asked Capa if he was scared of dying. He said he thought it would be beautiful, being there to see the big bang on a smaller scale, a new star born out of a dying one . He said he wasn't scared. And now, neither was she. She had had a long time to accept the fact that she would never reach home, never again see her family or her friends, or all the places and things she had known throughout her life, so familiar and beloved. She just wished she could have been there with him, to die by his side witnessing the birth of the new star, their new star. She hoped it would be as beautiful as he had imagined. It was a nice thought, to die in a moment of beauty. Not like Harvey, frozen to death in seconds out in space, and Searle, left behind to die in the company of corpses, and Trey, poor Trey. He would have loved to know they had made it, that the mistakes made hadn't deterred the mission. They all would have. Her stomach clenched as the thought of Mace and Cory struck her. Where were they? Were they already dead? Capa had never told her. She supposed she would never know what had happened to them. And very soon, it wouldn't matter at all. The sun would have them all in the end. They were all heading toward an end like Kaneda's, they would all soon be swallowed up in the sun. Destroyed in a single blast of light. Just like in her dream. And Capa's too, she guessed. They both had been dreaming of the surface of the sun. The closer they had got, the more she had thought about it, until it was all she could see once her eyes were closed. She could see it now, even with her eyes open. It started out in flashes of white below her, like diamonds, or stars. Then, everything around her erupted in one massive blast of white and yellow. And then the pain was gone. She lay there floating in light. She smiled. Capa had been right. It was beautiful. ","Summary":" Everything hurt. All she could do was lie there and wait for it all to end. Her limbs seemed to no "},{"Movie":"Sunshine","Title":"I'm Saying You Can't Have It","Author":"mintcrisp","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5185436","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: I'm Saying You Can't Have It Rating: PG-13 Warnings: It seems that I'm a freaking moron who can't do anything right. But since when has that ever surprised anyone? Pairing: Mace/Cassie (More Het? What the hell is wrong with me?) Summary: After the vote, Mace confronts Cassie, demanding to know how she can weigh the life of one person against the survival of mankind. He did, after all, require a unanimous vote. Notes: I'm not a Mace/Cassie shipper; in fact, I usually swing more in the Mace/Capa direction. However, I love the voting scene with the quote, which the title comes from; \"You're saying you need my vote. I'm saying you can't have it.\" This isn't exactly cannon complaint – this would take place between the end of the vote and when Mace goes to the medical bay. I also assumed that the ship would have some windows, considering that the oxygen garden is shown having a large, clear pane on one side. Lastly, the flashbacks are in no particular order. She stared at the hand he offered to her. Could she really do this? Could she pretend for three years that they had never met face to face before this point? \"Stephen Mace.\" He said in a stern voice which, to his credit, was no different than when he had introduced himself to Corazon, Captain Kaneda, or Robert Capa and it wouldn't change when he met their navigator, comms officer, or physiologist. As far as anyone around them could tell, he was just meeting one of the other extremely qualified people who he would be going on this mission with. Forcing a smile, she reached out and grasped his hand gently. \"Call me Cassie.\" Mace found her standing in the middle of one of the hallways, staring out into the pure black of space through the small windows. \"I wish we could see the stars.\" She whispered. \"They'd be beautiful, don't you think?\" \" It's beautiful, Stephen.\" Cassie lifted her arm, smiling as the sunlight filtering through the trees shown on the thin band of silver around her wrist. She turned, beaming at him. \"Thank you.\" He shrugged. \"It's your birthday. Did you think I'd forget?\" \" Of course not. After all, you are the best boyfriend ever. You wouldn't let something as silly as forgetting a birthday tarnish your reputation.\" She giggled and leaned back, lying down in the snow beside him. \"Stephen…\" The tone of her voice as she said his name and the way she bit her lip when he looked at her told him she wanted something. She grabbed his arm as she rose to her feet, pulling him up with her. \"Make snow angels with me.\" He groaned. \"No, Cass. I always get snow in my pants.\" \" Please? Come on; as you said, it's my birthday.\" He sighed and rolled his eyes, letting himself be pulled to his feet. Suddenly, he pulled her to him, wrapping his arms around her waist and kissing her. \"Fine. But if my ass gets frozen, you have to bring me at least three batches of homemade chocolate chip cookies while I'm in the hospital.\" Her laugh was infectious as she pulled him down the hill, toward a small group of their friends and he couldn't help but smile. \"Cass, talk to me. I told you, the vote on this has to be unanimous, or I can't go through with it.\" He paused and let his eyes fall, letting his professional aura falter for the first time since the mission had started. \"Especially if I don't have your vote.\" \" Come on, Cass; talk to me.\" \" Give me one good reason to. You knew you were leaving, Stephen! For a whole month, you didn't say anything! So, what, you thought that the best time to give me a heads up would be a week before you disappear out of my life forever?\" She didn't stop walking, wouldn't look back at him and let him see the tears streaming down her face. \" Cass. Cass!\" He reached out and grabbed her wrist, spinning her around to look at him. He hesitated when he saw the tears on her face and he said the first thing that came to mind when his eyes met hers. \"I love you.\" He wished she had heard everything he had tried to say in that statement. But she couldn't, or maybe she didn't want to. Either way, his message hadn't gotten though; something he clearly understood when a stinging slap met his cheek, which Cassie quickly followed with a hard shove to the chest that made him stumble and hit the pole behind him in the middle of the parking garage. Sobbing slightly and ignoring the gathering crowd of onlookers as the dance ended, she violently ripped the corsage from her wrist and threw it, hitting him in the chest. \" Fuck you, Stephen Mace.\" She muttered darkly. \"I can't, Mace.\" She whispered. \"I can't tell you that it's okay to kill Trey, even if it's for the good of the mission.\" \" Stephen, we can't.\" She whispered, even as he cut off her protests with strong, lingering kisses. \" Sure we can. It's been, what, ten years?\" He grinned wickedly and she felt something in the pit of her stomach turn to warm goo and she knew in that moment that, if they had more than one night, she could fall in love with him all over again. \"What are high school reunions for if not to brag about your current job and rekindle old flames?\" He pressed his lips to her throat and her eyes fluttered closed. \"I've already accomplished the bragging part; what's one night of rekindling really going to hurt, Cass?\" \" You're still a bastard.\" She gasped out as his hands slid under her shirt. She should feel like an idiot – what were the two of them thinking, going at it like a couple of horny teenagers in the backseat of his car? Then again, they were in the high school parking lot. One month and three days later, she found out that one night of rekindling could hurt plenty. \"Jesus, Cass. Get off your moral high horse. We all have to make sacrifices, and we all learn to live with them.\" Her eyes widened and she tensed, feeling a burning hatred that was stronger than she had ever felt towards any other human being course through her. He had no right to say these things to her, and to call forth the painful memories that she had worked to suppress deep within her mind every day of the sixteen months they had been forced to be in such inescapably close quarters with each other. For a split second, she wanted to solve their oxygen problem by ripping the man in front of her to pieces. Stephen cleared his throat as he sat down beside her at the lunch table.\"So, have any plans for Saturday?\" She giggled and playfully scowled at him. \"Is this your way of asking me to prom?\" He grinned and leaned forward, so close that their noses were almost touching. \"Maybe. Is this your way of saying yes?\" She pulled back, shaking her head. \"Nope. I have to work Saturday. Everybody else already took time off, so I'm stuck. Besides, it's only junior prom. We'll go to senior prom together, okay?\" He couldn't tell her that he wouldn't be there for senior prom – that he was a military brat and he only stayed in one place as long as his parents were stationed there, and that they were being transferred. \"Skip it.\" He begged, taking her hand in his and squeezing. Then, he was grinning again as he dug in his pocket. \"Besides, I already bought tickets.\" She frowned, pouting. \"I'll get fired.\" \" Well, we all have to make sacrifices.\" Immediately, sorrow, loss, and a horrible pain pierced through the rage and it was gone in an instant. \"Mace,\" She said slowly, visibly deflating as the renewed pressure of grief in her mind brought on a feeling of total exhaustion. \"Do you remember what you told me, when I was considering asking to be taken off the mission – when I was going to tell one of our superiors that we had a previous relationship?\" \"I told you that you couldn't – because if it was you in the med bay instead of Trey, I couldn't make the same decisions, and if I had been out there with Kaneda, you would have never let Icarus take control and would've sacrificed the whole ship rather than turn the shield back.\" \" Do you remember what you told me, that night after prom?\" She asked quietly as she pulled on her shirt and looked under the seat for her pants. \" I told you that I loved you.\" She laughed bitterly. \"You were such a liar.\" There were a few moments of silence, other than the sound of shuffling as they both pulled on the last of their clothing. Finally, as she opened the door to leave, she heard his voice, so soft she could barely hear him. \"No, I wasn't.\" \"Yes, but do you remember what you told me when I asked why someone else couldn't pilot Icarus?\" \"Someone decided that you would be the best for the job. If you didn't go on the mission – if Icarus didn't have the best pilot – that would compromise the mission.\" \"And you can never compromise the mission.\" She whispered, still staring out the window. \"Mace, do you have any idea where I'm supposed to be right now?\" \" Do you have any idea where I'm supposed to be right now?\" Cassie squealed as he pulled herself out of the car. \" History class.\" Stephen guessed as he opened the trunk. \"But you're not.\" He handed her a pair of ice skates, slammed the trunk, and made his way over to the benches beside the lake. \"So put on those skates, and have fun with me.\" One month. His mother had told him before he left for school. One month, and they would be transferred to a new station, somewhere halfway across the world. He could tell Cassie, and have her spend the entire month dreading the end. He looked up as he heard Cassie giggle and saw her waiting for him on the ice, waving for him to come and join her. No, he decided as he caught up to her and pulled her close, he wouldn't tell her. He'd just have to make the one month he had left the best month of either of their lives. He gently tilted her face up and kissed her like the world was ending around them. And he vowed that would be the only way he kissed her from then on. \"Cassie, I'm sorry.\" He muttered quietly. \"I know that if it wasn't for me, you wouldn't be here. You'd be safe on earth, and not dying.\" He looked up at her, begging with his eyes and wishing for all the world that she could still read his mind like she could when they were in high school and understand that the words he voiced were only half of what he was trying to say. \"You can't believe that I don't regret that.\" \"I should be buying baby formula.\" Once she started the confession, the rest spilled out of her uncontrollably, forceful enough that each word fell from her lips like a heavy stone. \"I should be changing diapers. I should be waiting for my baby to say their first word. I should be teaching my son or daughter how to walk.\" She turned and looked at him for the first time. \"Mace, I wanted off the mission because I was pregnant.\" As he watched her, Mace wanted more than anything to wrap her up in his arms and make everything alright again. He wished he still had the ability to make everything alright again. Then, Cassie's next words froze his world. \"It was yours.\" \" I believe congratulations are in order, Miss Cassie.\" \" Congratulations?\" She asked her doctor in confusion. \" Hopefully, yes.\" He said. \"You aren't sick. You're pregnant.\" \" Pregnant?\" She squeaked. It was impossible. She hadn't been with anyone for months. Except for Mace, she realized as her blood ran cold, in the back of his car, at their high school reunion. Of course the bastard wouldn't think to use a condom. \" About a month along.\" The man explained, oblivious to his patient's panicking. \"Of course, you'll have to be taken off the Icarus mission, but I'm sure that they can find someone else equally qualified. The things you should worry about now are rest and eating properly. I recommend picking up some prenatal vitamins at your local drug store; they'll help make sure your baby will be healthy and getting the nutrition it needs.\" He hesitated and looked at her. \"Cassie, fame and fortune and the point of the Icarus mission are nothing to be sneezed at, to say the least. However, neither is parenthood. Just think about what would be best for you before you make any decisions.\" Three days later, she talked to Mace. It took her two weeks to come to a resolution. It seemed awful, that she could make such a choice in two weeks time. But she did, and her baby was six weeks into development when she said goodbye to it as they called her name and she left the waiting room of the clinic. \"Cassie…\" He said softly, feeling like he wasn't able to breathe. No, it wasn't possible. That night had happened, but he thought they had a silent mutual agreement to never mention it again, especially not on board Icarus. There wasn't any way that Cassie had gotten pregnant. It simply couldn't happen. Slowly, she lifted her head to look at him and when their eyes met, he didn't see the pure, sparkling eyes that he remembered. Somewhere along the line, Cassie's eyes had grown haunted. \"I've already committed one murder for the 'greater good'. Don't ask me to commit another.\" Her voice sounded broken. \"Please, Mace.\" She begged. \"Don't put that kind of weight on my shoulders.\" He hesitated for a moment. \"Okay.\" He finally said as he turned and headed back the way he came, which also happened to be in the direction of the medical bay. Cassie's lip trembled and she rose a hand to cover her mouth as she swayed and fell back against the wall behind her. She slowly slid down the wall until she reached the floor where she finally broke down and let the tears come at full strength. His pace didn't falter, despite the fact that her ragged sobs shook him to his core. His mother had insisted that he go to public school and she went out of her way to sign him up. She guaranteed him that they would be stationed here for at least a year, if not two, and suggested that he try and make some friends. He walked into his first period math class and surveyed the room. Math was one of his best subjects, so he had no need to sit in the back, but he wasn't a teacher's pet, meaning that the front row should be avoided. Other than that, all that mattered was what people would be around him. Near the middle of the rows, on the edge of the class room was a beautiful brunette staring out the window. Grinning, he crossed the classroom to take the seat next to her. She paid him no attention as he got close, so he purposely \"accidentally\" dropped the notebooks he was carrying on her desk, making her jump. He apologized without meaning it as he gathered them and sat next to her, pleased to see that her gaze stayed on him instead of returning to the window. \" Hi,\" He said holding out his hand. \"I'm Stephen Mace.\" She smiled shyly and blushed before taking his hand in an adorably delicate grasp. \"Hi. I'm Cassie.\" -End- After Notes: So, this was a very new style for me. I usually don't like writing flashbacks at all. The initial idea I had for this was just the part that played out in \"real time\", not the flashbacks. Also, Cassie and Mace were, as it seems to happen in a lot of fics like this (though it's usually Capa, not Mace), supposed to just randomly meet in a bar and have a one night stand. But as I was writing it, I thought they had too much of an emotional investment for them to have just met randomly, so I had instead changed it to where they dated in high school. Writing it, I thought that telling the story one paragraph at a time in between flashbacks worked, but I want to know what you think. Was it confusing, or were you able to follow the story in between the flashbacks? Just to let people know, I don't agree with the choice Cassie made. I more agree with her doctor; they could have found someone else to pilot the mission, but, obviously, Cassie disagreed. In between the events of the movie and the information included in each character's back story, I tried to make this as canon-compliant as possible, other than the time frame in which the story would take place. Speaking of, I know I found the site before but, unfortunately, I was unable to find it again when I started writing this. All links I click seem to take me to the main Fox website. If anyone is able to find it, it would be a great help. The most helpful information would be Cassie's full name, if it's included, and her hometown. ","Summary":" Title: I'm Saying You Can't Have It Rating: PG-13 Warnings: It seems that I'm a freaking moron who "},{"Movie":"Sunshine","Title":"Tout est bien qui fini","Author":"Lady-Disaster","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6164208","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Personne n'est à moi, pas même Heather. Tout est bien qui fini ... Bonjour ou bonsoir à vous ma petite famille ! Je sais que j'aurais pu vous envoyer une ou deux vidéos avant, mais je prefèrais avoir la possibilité de dire tout ce que je voulais en une seule fois. Ne m'en voulez pas, vous savez très bien que j'aime faire les choses comme je pense être le mieux pour tout le monde. Enfin bref. D'après Capa, tu sais maman, le rouquin trop mimi qui est venu me recruter, c'est la dernière fois qu'un message pourra être envoyé, donc ce sera aussi sûrement la dernière fois ou je pourrais vous parler. Vous devez vous en douter, s'approcher ainsi du soleil n'est pas sans danger, mais à notre époque, avec nos problèmes, c'est absolument nécéssaire. Surtout ne soyez pas triste, j'ai enfin trouvé ma voie et être un héro n'est pas donné à nimporte qui. [Petit reniflement et rire gêné.] Bon, avant de me faire jetter, je voulais vous dire que je vous aime, que vous me manquez mais que je suis heureuse malgré tout cela. L'ambiance ici est à la déconnade, sûrement pour cacher le stress. Mais on s'éclate. Bon bah voilà. [La jeune femme s'empresse d'essuyer les quelques larmes qui s'échappent de ses yeux et adresse un sourire crispé à la caméra.] Je vous ... Capa ? _ Excuse-moi, mais il va falloir envoyer. _ Ok. Bon alors, je vous embrasse tous, et toi le monstre si tu regarde, n'oublie pas que ta soeur c'est Wonderwoman ! Bon voila. Je vous aime fort. A bientôt. \"_ C'est pour rendre un hommage à notre petite Heather que nous nous sommes réunis ici ... \" Elle est éteinte ? _ Je sais pas, je pense. C'est toi le génie après tout ! Pourquoi ? ... Hé mais ... Qu'est-ce ... [ Le couple, qui avait disparut de l'objectif, se retrouva à nouveau en face, Heather acculée soudainement à la tabla, entrainée dans un baiser langoureux. Rapidement, son t-shirt s'envola, aterrissant sur la caméra et obstruant une bonne moitié de l'objectif, laissant tout de même une vue imprenable sur quelques morceaux de peaux apparaissants au fur et à mesure. ] \" COUPE CHERI MAIS COUPE ! \" [ Quelques gémissements, un gloussement vite étouffé par ce qui semble être un baiser, des mouvements desordonnés. En bref, une partie de jambes en l'air. Un cri rauque rententit, puis plus rien. ] \" C'est bon ! _ Non, l'image est toujours là ! Allez mais débranche tout ! \" [ Un sourire extatique illuminait le visage d'Heather tandis que l'homme attrapait les vêtements éparpillés, redonnant les siens à la brunette. Il parla quelques secondes, l'air soudainement pressé, faisant de grands gestes à sa compagne et tous deux se depêchèrent de se rhabiller avant de sortir. Une grande brune à la peau mate entra alors et, râlant apparement, elle s'approcha de la ca méra, puis l'image disparut. \" Un silence de mort règnait dans le salon de la famille Williams, jusqu'à l'arrivée bruyante d'une Heather tout sourire tenant la main de l'autre acteur amateur de la vidéo diffusée quelques minutes auparavent. _ Heather ... Tu ... Tu es tatouée ? s'enquit sa mère, ébranlée. _ Et ton petit fiancée, n'aurait-il pas un frère, un père ou même ... Un grand-père qui lui ressemble et qui soit disponible ? questionna la grand-mère, dévorant au passage le pauvre jeune homme du regard. _ Je crois que la caméra n'était pas éteinte au final ... _ Oups ! \" FIN ","Summary":" Personne n'est à moi, pas même Heather. Tout est bien qui fini ... Bonjour ou bonsoir à vous ma pet"},{"Movie":"Sunshine","Title":"The final jump","Author":"deeday1000","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6659248","Passage":"[Chapter 1] For the first time in a long time, Capa felt truly alone. Eight people living in a ship the size of Icarus II, over such an extended period of time, didn't make for a life of seclusion. No matter where he went, he never felt completely isolated from the rest of the crew. Everywhere he looked, there would be some reminder of his companions in evidence-photos of the crew taken at Christmas time adorning the walls, Cassie's books strewn around the dining area, dirty dishes lying around because somebody couldn't be bothered cleaning up properly that day. And there was always noise. The ship was a constant humming sound, interrupted frequently by the clattering of feet on the deck, or the chatter of raised voices in the distance. There was always somebody nearby, reminding him that he was never truly on his own. It had bothered him in the beginning. He liked being on his own; he needed space and peace and quiet, he needed to be able to think. His one retreat was the payload, the one place where he could count on a bit of solitude. But even that had not remained his own for long. Cassie, growing restless and lonely as the months stretched on, had begun to visit more and more often as they became closer friends. He figured she just liked having someone to talk to, and after a while, it no longer bothered him when she buzzed him over the intercom; in fact, strangely enough, in a way he came to welcome her presence there. She helped take his mind off things sometimes, and she understood. And that, well, that just helped make things bearable. It was worth giving up a bit of privacy for that. But now Cassie was gone. Was she even still alive? Mace was dead, Trey was dead, Corazon, Searle, Harvey, Kaneda, all dead. So that left him, all alone at last, the mission left to him. \"Do it, Capa. Do it...\" The last words Capa heard Mace say as he listened to him die over the headphones. He was the only one left to separate the payload from the ship, the only one with a chance of completing the mission. The survival of all mankind rested on his shoulders. He had never felt more inadequate in all his life. He couldn't afford to fail, but he didn't think he had enough strength in him to succeed. He stood in silence for a short moment when he came across Mace's frozen corpse, before turning to the computer system and readying the emergency separation procedure. He could feel the ship shake as the payload and ship detached. Digits flashed on the screen in front of him. Four minutes. Four short minutes before the payload ignited, destroying the ship he had called home, before hurtling directly into the sun. Never before had the walk towards the entrance to the payload taken so long. Each step seemed like it took the time of a thousand, and fear and pain weighed heavily on him, so heavily he feared he would not be able to move. But still he walked, one foot in front of the other, slowly, slowly, carefully. The lights flickered as he made his way through the abandoned passageways, casting darting shadows across the walls. He felt like he was walking in a dream. Or, to be honest, through the worst kind of nightmare. He knew he was falling even before he saw the ground rise up to meet him. And he couldn't stop himself. His flailing arms met with nothing but thin air, and all he could do was watch as the ground come closer. He hit the floor with a resounding crash. For a moment, the breath was knocked out of him, and he couldn't even remember how to move properly. He cursed and cried, spittle dripping down his chin as he banged his head against the inside of the spacesuit helmet. He curled his hands into tights fists, beating them futilely off the ground in frustration. Time was swiftly running out and he couldn't even move. He was stupid and slow and weak, and because of that everyone would die. Godammit, move, you bastard! His muscles felt like jelly. On your feet, now. He tensed his arms, and slowly began to push himself up from the ground. His heart hammered loudly in his chest, the noise almost deafening, beaten only by the sound of the gasping of his breath. Come on, faster, faster, faster. He staggered as he pushed himself up, grabbing onto the inadequate support of the walls in a bid to keep himself upright. Sweat trickled down his face, stinging his eyes, as he slowly resumed his journey. He wobbled frequently as he continued down the passageway, and each time, his heart seized up in terror, waiting for the floor to rise up and greet him again. But he didn't fall. He staggered along, panting heavily, his eyes fixed on his destination. The hatch gradually came closer and closer, and he grabbed onto it tightly as soon as it was within an arms reach. He struggled to turn the handle, panicking as it caught at each turn, terrified that it would jam and refuse to open. But open it did, revealing the corresponding hatch to the payload, stretched fifty metres away from him, and nothing in between but open space. The sky was a vibrant orange around it. He remembered then the dream he had. The dream where he was falling into the sun. Capa had never pegged himself for the psychic sort, but it looked as though his dream was about to come true. He was about to fall down directly into the sun. He could hardly breathe as he prepared himself to jump. It didn't help that his legs felt frozen to the ground. For a second, he forgot his fear that he would fail. All he could think about was falling, falling, falling. His heart clenched painfully inside his chest, as he stared into the great wide orange abyss. He couldn't do it. He just couldn't. The distance between the ship and the payload was growing greater and greater, and he couldn't do a thing. And then, a voice came unbidden into his mind. Cassie's voice. The only dream I ever have, is the surface of the sun. All at once, he was back in his tiny cabin with her, her skin glowing in the blue light, her dark eyes and big smile. Every time I shut my eyes, it's always the same. She had dreamed the same thing. Was she as frightened as he was now? Was she even alive? Would he ever see her again? With the image of her face in his mind, and her words echoing in his ears, Capa jumped. Launching himself from the open hatch, he screamed silently as his body was propelled across the endless gap. It felt like the weight of the entire universe was pressing in on him as he flew across the empty space, crushing his every nerve. And while he fell, he remembered something he had heard as a child. When you're about to die, your life flashes before your eyes . He had marvelled at that. Imagine, he thought to himself, replaying your entire life before you die. It wasn't entirely true, he thought numbly as he fell. He only saw parts. He saw his dream. He saw himself fall into the fire. He saw his family, the people he had left behind, who waited for him on Earth, hoping against hope that they would see him again. A wasted hope. He thought of the family he made and lost on this mission. Kaneda, Searle, Harvey, Trey, Corazon, Mace. And he thought of her. He thought of Cassie. ","Summary":" For the first time in a long time, Capa felt truly alone. Eight people living in a ship the size of"},{"Movie":"Sunshine","Title":"A matter of time","Author":"Etsuko Fujita","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4955036","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer:nI do not own any characters from the movie \"Sunshine.\" I do wishnthat people will review so that they can tell me what they willnthink. Cassiengasped, the blankness fading into colors; bright colors all aroundnher. She gazed up at medical machines and tubes beeping around her.nVoices were speaking inaudibly but those were voices. This was anhospital room or something like it. The lights were centered on hernand the others. Kanada, Corey, Trey, Harvey, Mace, and Cappa; all ofnthem were lying on stretcher beds. This room had no curtainsnseparating any of them. Cappa groaned, rolling onto his right side.nHe had a few bandages on his head, but nothing serious. Corey too hadna large bandage across her lower abdomen. Harvey had a cast on hisnleft arm. The captain was in the worst condition with his entire bodyncovered in white cloths. A nurse saw Cassie sitting up. Shenlooked at the chart before buzzing in the doctor. Behind the doctornarrived several crew members. \"Goodnafternoon, I hear your name is Cassandra, but you go by Cassie.\" Henreached to shake her hand, but her weakened state made it impossible.nHis smile broadened at her. \"We are so glad you survived this.\"nHe strolled towards a window with a view of space. \"Survivednwhat? I nearly died. I was dead. This was supposed to be heaven.\"nShe turned away from him. \"Notnyet. We were there to make sure the pay load was delivered on time.nOur mission was always to ensure your safety. You were our last hope.nWe could not let anything stop you.\" \"Whatnabout crazy captains from the Icarus I? The man said nothing butnfinally drew in a quick breath. \"Ournlast transmission from there confirmed our greatest fears. We had nonidea this would happen. I am sorry for the crew's misfortunate. Incould do nothing to stop him. I assure you though he is not alive. Wenare going to return home in about six to ten months.\" He noddedntowards the doctor who stepped forward. \"Hi,nI'm Dr. Jones. I have been monitoring your vitals since we foundnyou. So far nothing real serious has shown up on our scans. I thinknyou should remain in a closed confinement away from your friends forna few days before you can walk around this ship. I assigned twonnurses to look over you and that should cover you.\" \"Andnwhat of my friends? Are they going to survive?\" The doctor wasnquiet, thinking of something good to say. He flipped through severalnfiles before finding Trey's. \"Lucynfor your friend Trey, he was not a medical expert. We were able tonstop his bleeding and keep him in a sedated state. He should be thennext one to recover from our latest technology.\" \"Andnwhat would that be?\" But she was not able to receive an answer forna nurse showed up with a wheelchair. The doctor and the nurse workednquickly to take Cassie off of the medical tubes. She was transportednto another place near the clinic. Thisnwas a room she would stay in until the doctor said she could leave.nThe walls and the ceiling were standard white. Everything in the roomnwas white and dull. There was a mirror there which added somendecoration to the plain room. A bathroom was in the room also. Nonwindows showed the space. Cassie curled up on the bed about to take annap when the door opened slowly. A nurse entered carrying her set ofnneedles. ","Summary":" Disclaimer:nI do not own any characters from the movie \"Sunshine.\" I do wishnthat people will rev"},{"Movie":"Sunshine","Title":"My adventure","Author":"cosmostar1","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4687004","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's note: I know bad title, but I couldn't think of anything else :) Anyway this was for my GCSE english coursework for descriptive writing. It's basically about Mace throughout the film. Sunshine 4 years until death Mace arrived at the launch site. The bustling scientists scurried around the several mile wide location, double checking the mountain that was Icarus II The spaceship itself was already standing erect, the top visible for miles across the pale, barren, open space. The sun glinted off the white metal and brought rays of light down onto the expectant crowd waiting on the ground for their saviours, their second chance, him. He winced as the torrent of noise hit his ears like a thunderstorm, starkly different from the nervous silence in the bus that took the astronauts to the spaceship. The air was static like a held breath as they walked up the gang plank towards the cockpit. Mace looked at his companions, they seemed elated at the chance to save the world but as one of the head scientists touched Cappa's shoulder in reassurance, he jumped and scurried anxiously through the door. Mace looked once more at the hopeful faces, like ants, far below and turned towards the shuttle. A second chance. 3 years until death All I could see was a flurry of activity, the seconds flew past as I felt my arm flying out to meet his face. Bone met bone as a shock wave rattled up my arm. I was a wild cat, desperate for my revenge as I twisted my jarred arm back and grabbed the fleshy throat of my enemy with my other hand. I heard nothing but the sound of my own laboured breathing as I smelt the fear and desperation radiate of him like prey in the claws of a predator. My legs pushed into the metal floor as I dragged him forwards, weightless in my emotion filled muscles. The taste of blood in my mouth from my cracked lips drove my forward, my anger rearing out of control. His palm appeared from nowhere and slapped my cheek, the pain lasted a mere second before my leg thrust forwards and caught him in the chest, the karate lessons from my childhood coming back. Yelling in triumph my desperate body soared like a peregrine falcon through the empty space to finish him off when a strong body slammed into me, pinning my arms behind my back. A faint voice pushed through the mist, hoping to get heard but was pushed away again as I tried to hurt my captor. Another set of arms joined my prison and my feet slipped behind me as I was dragged away screaming. The last thing I saw was Cappa's broken body against a blood stained wall as Cassie tried to wake him up. Triumph flooded through my body replacing the blood racing through my veins and I felt wonderful. 1 year until death Stepping into Icarus I, I looked around. Dust covered everything, creating the illusion of centuries of abandonment. The hairs on the back of my neck prickled and I shivered; my body telling my brain to run, only the steady resolve of the trust laid upon me kept my legs from moving. A low creak made me jump as the rusting metal scraped together underneath my feet producing an eerie sound. I wiped the sweat from my forehead and walked towards the first hatchet. The metal slab swung forward expelling a cloud of dust. Dimly I heard Harvey tell us the dust was actually flakes of human skin and I felt my trepidation grow. Eventually I arrived at the main control centre of the ship and passed my fingers lightly over the appropriate buttons. The lights flickered neon green and I heard a foreign voice behind me. I span around to the unfamiliar sound and a small screen at the back of the room caught my eye. The picture was of poor quality but I could just make out a man, his skin distorted into reds and oranges. 'God is the creator of life and the creator of death. He rules over us and compared to him we are no more than dust. If God decides the Sun shall die, who are we to defy him? Nothing. No-one. We are dust and will always be dust. Stardust to stardust' Suddenly a colossal bang rang out and a voice in my ear told me we were floating away from Icarus II and then the lights blew. I stumbled blindly towards the computer which was miraculously was still working. \"Icarus, why are we in orbit?\" Silence. \"Icarus, respond!\" Damn it. 1 hour until death Three words blared out at me in front of a pale grey background. The three words that would mean the end of our mission, the end of Icarus II, the end of civilisation. 'Mainframe Coolant Failure' The white words left a heavy weight on my heart. If the coolant fails then the computer will overheat and the engines will cut out. An extra 33% of the shields failing ripped my heart out. The reflector plates rely on the computer to set their shining, gold faces in the Sun's direction, if left long enough without instruction the plates will revert back to their original settings. In this scenario the Sun's rays will hit oxygen tanks 2 and 3 and a blazing inferno of fire will alight and spread through the ship, ending in a terrifying explosion as it hits the fuel storage area. The thought of this ending dragged my mind from the petrifying probability and on to the problem of fixing it. The freezing water stung his legs as I jumped into the tank. The heap of metal had to be fixed manually, which means swimming down underneath the technological miracle and finding out the problem. When I opened my eyes against the water an involuntary gasp shocked my mind back into working mode as well as the icy chemicals slipping down into my throat. I pushed up through the glacier and chocked on the cool air. Reaching for the smooth black I stuttered through the ice that was my lips. Stretching my fingers I noticed icicles forming on my hand. Cappa answered after a second and I forced out ⌠Sabotage. Impossible. Broken. Save■ I hope he understood at least half of it because I didn't have enough energy to string a comprehensible sentence together and have to go back under to fix what I could. I forced my muscles to put the radio back onto the cool, level paving stones. The bitter liquid didn't shock me as much this time as I slid into the pool and my muscles had stopped shivering, I knew if I had a thermometer with me at that moment it would have measured about 35╟C, the official reading for hypothermia. Fixing what I could, I dived up towards the surface shimmering above me. I leant over the side , gasping for breath through my chattering teeth. The effort took valuable strength leaving me weak and vulnerable. A short beep told Mace the steaming computer was lowering itself into the artic water, trapping my right leg. Hammering at the beige coloured slabs of stone surrounding the tank I tried to pull myself from the trap. The computer was only half into the pool, unable to get past the heap of flesh which was now my leg. If I looked down I knew I would see diluted blood ooze through the clear, glassy water. The solution obscured the computer making it foggy, like a Welsh mist that never leaves. The cold water numbed the pain and I only knew of my trapped leg because of the computers frustrated beeps. I tried to move my leg up out of the way, but it was already had become a dull weight and the nerves had lost contact with the rest of my body. I laid my pounding head to the floor, 'Cappa had been warned about the sabotage, he and Cassie will deploy the bomb into the Sun. The mission will succeed and everything will be saved, everything will be saved' With that thought I closed my eyes, my tiredness overpowering my determination. Death Darkness. ","Summary":" Author's note: I know bad title, but I couldn't think of anything else :) Anyway this was for my GC"},{"Movie":"Sunshine","Title":"One","Author":"jokermobile","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4592586","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Kaneda died on the shield. Thenflames just kind of lifted him up and carried him away like he wasnnothing. He knew he hadn't the time to reach the edge of thenshield, so he'd turned around and faced death head-on. The lastnthing he heard before all other sounds were drowned out by hisnscreams and a \"whooshing\" noise were Searle asking him what hencould see and Capa pleading for him to move. Searle died in the Observation Roomnof the Icarus I. The Observation Room had been his favorite place onnthe Icarus II. Never before had he felt so close to the sun. Nevernbefore had he felt so miniscule. So, he figured, if he had to go, henmight as well go out doing something he loved. He picked up thensunglasses he found, blowing and wiping the dust off of them, and oh,nhow he had always wondered what it'd be like unfiltered. Hendied within seconds, his brain barely registering he was in painnbefore it stopped working. Harvey died in outer space. He'dnfelt himself let go of Capa, but assumed he hadn't drifted too farnfor the other man to catch him. It took a little longer than itnshould have for Capa to come back for him (and why had that damn kidnbeen allowed to take the spacesuit?), and curiosity got the best ofnHarvey. He opened his eyes. Bad move; Mace told him not to. Whennhe opened his eyes, Harvey found himself floating free. It was thennthat he knew they weren't coming back. It was then that he knewnthat he'd die out there, that he'd never see his wife again, thatnhe wasn't going home. He opened his mouth to scream, gasping onnimpulse. Bad move; Mace warned him not to. Trey died in the Earth Room.nPinbacker had murdered him, but nobody in the crew would ever knownthat. They all thought he died by his own hand, died so they couldnlive. Never could they know that he'd chickened out. Where Treynhad failed, Pinbacker succeeded. Corazon died in the charred remainsnof her oxygen garden. Both her excitement over finding a livingnplant and her life were cut short by that knife in her back. Capandidn't know this. He didn't even know she was dead until hernbody shot past him out the ship. Pinbacker—well, Capa wasn't surenjust what happened to him. He and Cassie had grasped ontonPinbacker's arm, the weak flesh giving to their fingers. The skinnof his arm was so weak and decayed from exposure that it came offnwith ease. Capa and Cassie went flying. Capa's best guess wasnthat Pinbacker was either dead or too weak and in too much pain toncause any more problems. Cassie died in the payload, brokennand bloody from her encounter with Pinbacker. Her death was thenhardest. Capa stayed with her the whole time. She'd clasped hisnhand and looked at him through dead eyes and, with her last breaths,ntold him to \"finish it.\" And then there were two. \"Mace,\" Capa lamented, crawlingntoward the controls by the other man. He'd done a basicnrun-through of how to use the equipment with Mace before going tonfind Pinbacker in case something happened. As much as he trustednMace, he was glad to be doing this himself; a five-minute trainingnsession was not nearly enough for the Payload. The Payload was andeadly maiden that required all his attention and love or she'dnmake him pay. That was something Mace didn't understand—somethingnMace couldn't understand. The Payload wasn't his. \"I'm okay,\" Mace whispered. He was shivering almost to the point of convulsion. \"J-just d-d- do it. Finish it.\" Finish it. Those had been Cassie'snlast words to him. Those were Mace's words to him. He wonderednhow many people back on Earth were thinking that same thing. It wasnmore than just Cassie and Mace who'd placed all their hope in him. The thought almost overwhelmed him as he set up the manual controlsnfor the Payload. For Cassie. For Mace. For the restnof the Icarus I and II crews. For every living creature back onnEarth. But most of all, for himself. Capa set off his Mistress one lastntime, this time for real. No amount of test runs could have preparednhim for that moment. He only hoped his Mistress would be kind tonthem; the fate of the world now rested in Her hands. Capa collapsed next to Mace,nexhausted but smiling. He did it. And then the mechanic's roughnhands were on him, taking his hand with one and using to other tontrace along his cheekbone, along his jaw, down his neck. At first,nthe gentle touches took him by surprise, but then he closed his eyesnand leaned into them. He squeezed Mace's hand back. And then the mechanic's frostynlips were on him—first on his lips, then the hollow between his jawnand neck, then down the neck to the shoulder Mace had exposed,nfollowed by desperate kisses and sucking through Capa's shirt. Oblivious to them, the first spark formed overhead. \"Capa…\" Mace whispered. Thenother man's body was soft and warm. Mace curled up against it,nhoping his own freezing flesh wouldn't bother Capa too much. Henfelt an arm wrap around him, pulling him closer. \"Capa…Capa…\" Mace seemednunable to stop saying the physicist's name. \"Capa…tell menagain what'll happen?\" He glanced up at the other man. Henalready knew what would happen. He'd heard it a million times. But he was pretty sure he'd never heard it from Capa'snperspective, heard from him what his \"baby\" would do. Capa watched the sparks forming andndisappearing around them. He cleared his throat before beginning inna calm, level voice. \"This twinkling will last about anotherntwenty, thirty seconds tops before all those sparks gather togethernto form one giant wall of light. That wall will explode, and the Sunnwill rush in, and the Sun will devour us.\" Mace died in Capa's arms. Thenlast thing he felt before he went was human warmth and the vaguensensation of fingers running down his spine. Capa put a great deal of effort intonrolling Mace's body off of him. He recalled with a pang how easilynMace had tossed him around when they fought. He gazed at Mace for ansecond longer before giving his hand a last squeeze and standing tonmeet his fate. The wall of light exploded, like he said it would,nand he screamed as flames rushed toward him. For a moment—just anmoment, time seemed to suspend itself. Capa opened his eyes. And then there was one. ","Summary":" Kaneda died on the shield. Thenflames just kind of lifted him up and carried him away like he wasnn"},{"Movie":"Sunshine","Title":"Occam's Razor","Author":"schizometriclanguage","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4484857","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Capa, you coming?\" Capa looked up; Searle. \"All work and no play makes Capa a dull boy,\" he insisted. Capa looked over the computer screen and glanced at the paper beside him, looking at numbers he'd run over again and again. It never got dull, not once he thought about the final result, the sparks, the detonation; the ultimate explosion and the beauty it would be. Assuming his numbers were right. Assuming Payload worked. \"Who's going?\" he asked warily. He didn't want to go out, get drunk, play darts, or get involved in inane conversations that he'd hate himself for in the morning. Or whatever going out entitled. Usually he declined. Usually Mace was out with them. \"Everyone except Kaneda,\" Searle said, taking a step closer, hands in his pockets. \"He's got a family thing.\" Capa pressed his lips together. There was that feeling that 'Yes! Of course!\" was what he should say, that eager feeling of compliance that comes with being asked out socially after spending the entire day alone, maybe exchanging a few words here and there only to get things done. It was a compulsion he'd never been able to cure himself of, and it'd been there since high school. Though, it wasn't an entirely bad idea to go out. All work and no play makes Capa a dull boy. \"Yeah, alright, just give me a few minutes to clean up here,\" he conceded. Head doctor knows best; so what if Mace was going? It wasn't as though there wasn't a whole bar's worth of space, and it wasn't as though he couldn't just leave if things got out of hand, like they usually did. And there was always the rest of the crew. \"Good, I'll meet you out front, we can go together.\" Capa nodded and began to collecting his papers and saving files. The mess worked outwards and about ten programs were open at once on the taskbar, something he didn't notice as he was working, usually only focusing on whatever was up against his nose at the time. He stepped out of the centre, walking towards Searle, who was looking up at the sign. \"We have testing in a few days again,\" he said thoughtfully as though the sign and him had been having a very spiritual connection and such information had been communicated. He often said things with that tone, as though there were something behind everything, something that he didn't understand, but simply enjoyed the mystery of. Maybe there was something. Sometimes Capa liked to entertain the idea that there was too. But then he always ended with thinking of numbers and elements; solid things. Things he didn't have to imagine, things that he knew were there and would stay there and if they weren't, he'd know that was a formula to explain why there wasn't. Sometimes, maybe because of the backgrounds of science they all had, he caught Searle snapping out of his moments with what he assumed were similar thoughts to his own, a vein of cynicism that sometimes stamped out the mystic's tone that filtered out. \"Fun,\" Capa said dryly, thinking of the endless running, swimming, toss this, jump there. And the competition. It really only mattered that they passed the standards the centre set, but it always degraded into a competition, where some competed more nicely that others. \"You'll beat him eventually,\" Searle assured, coming back down to earth and clasping Capa over the shoulder and turning him out towards his vehicle. Capa hummed a dubious response and rolled his eyes. Searle was referring to the way that Mace had singled out Capa to rub it in his face how he'd bested him (and everyone else, but especially him) in the tests. Trained as a physicist, Capa wasn't certain what Mace thought that he was achieving by singling him out and beating him in arenas Capa had never cared much about. Maybe it was because out of the men, he often competed with Trey for the lowest and that somehow offended his idea of 'manhood'. But he never bothered Trey about it. Mace is a bully, Capa reminded himself. It was a simple explanation, but it didn't really help his spirits to think of it. Even if Mace was a bully, Capa couldn't shake the feeling that it might only be because he'd gone and made himself a prime target simply by being there. He sighed, he tried not to care; it wasn't like this was high school, or even university. Mace was just someone he had to work with, another asshole in a long list of assholes he'd encountered in his life. They drove out over the highway and through the streets, the soft hum of electricity, snow and pavement lulling Capa to sleep. Driving always made him feel slow and sluggish, primarily why he let other people do the actual steering bit. He couldn't imagine how he'd feel on Icarus II in three months time. Maybe he'd be comatose until they reached the sun. If only he'd be so lucky. He'd been told that they wouldn't even notice the movement unless they were making turns or something hit them. What cheery thoughts, he mused, rubbing his thumb and fingers on his temples as he stepped out of the car, shaking the sleep off of him and rubbing it out of his eyes. He looked at the sign to the place, a cheap piece of painted over pressboard. Above it was an old sign, one that would be lit up if the bylaw's weren't in place to restrict street lighting to the street lamps in an attempt to save energy. Looking down the street, it wasn't busy; this was just another drop in the bucket bar. \"You take me to all the nicest places,\" Capa sighed. It wasn't the furnishing he saw as he stepped in that dampened his mood, or even the thick smell of smoke and booze trapped by poor ventilation; the place was cramped, a hopeless maze of cheap metal chairs, small tables and a few pool tables, Mace planted right in the middle of it all. That, and as they came in, he was staring straight at him, the good humoured smile slowly dying as Capa followed after Searle. \"Hey, Capa,\" Trey greeted, seated at a uneven table, nursing his drink and looking as miserable as Capa was beginning to feel. Capa quickly defected from Searle, who'd quickly fallen into conversation with Mace and Corazon. \"Hey, Cap'.\" He glanced over into the corner, spotting Cassie, who'd been otherwise obscured by someone standing near the table. Taking the free chair, Capa heard it scrape across the metal with a tingling screech and settled with an uncomfortable creak. \"I'll order another round?\" Cassie asked. Capa glanced at Trey, who looked like he'd already had enough for the night, but was already nodding. It was that agreeing before thinking thing again, digging him into holes that he couldn't politely excuse himself from. Cassie grinned. He'd known that she'd had a thing for him since they'd met. \"How're you tonight, Trey?\" He probed, curious to find what'd brought Trey into searching for things at the bottom of glasses. Trey grimaced, gesturing at the ceiling or nothing in particular. \"Just…people,\" he answered helplessly, his voice thick. \"Fuck.\" Capa nodded as though he understood, and he did a little, just not the specifics of what Trey was currently in contestation with. \"His mum scared off his girlfriend,\" Cassie offered quietly into his ear, her breathe moving his hair and creating a tickling sensation. Capa raised a hand to brush off the sensation and nodded, studying Trey and deciding whether or not it was time to call him a cab. He'd heard the reputation of his mother. A traditionalist, strict, opinionated and loud. Words to those effect, though more potent with acrimony, had been used to describe her by Trey, but Capa had never had the pleasure of meeting her himself. Capa sidled his drink over his lips slowly, talking with Cassie in short phrases, watching over Trey; hardly there at all. He watched the others play pool, putting down money, listening to well-natured jeers and challenges. Even Mace seemed to have forgotten that Capa was there, the grins and drunken movements of his hands genuine and self satisfactory. \"Want to play?\" Cassie asked, taking his attention as indication to desire. Capa glanced over at the empty table; it'd be a good distraction from the evening, a better one than sitting with his drink, playing nanny and listener. \"Yeah, alright. Trey?\" Trey shook his head no, \"Calling a cab.\" Probably a good idea, Capa thought, watching Trey's face illuminated by the light from his comm. screen. Behind him a picture was moving, a woman in red, coaxing a finger. He hated empathy portraits. Looking above, he saw the video capture, that would read his face, and thought of the software that'd made her single him out. He frowned; she pouted, a speech bubble formulating over her head; 'thinking of someone else?\" , it read in capitalized comic book font. He turned away, the camera moved, seeking someone new. It made for good decoration, but it was one of those things that technology had brought that he couldn't understand why money would be put into such frivolity. Because there's money to be made from it, he reasoned. Occam's razor; the simplest explanation is the best. He knew that; numbers and calculations were his forte. He hated technology made purely for money. With all the things going wrong with Earth, there were people still just out there to make a quick buck, people who couldn't care less about the importance of things like the Payload . People who didn't see truly beautiful things and couldn't see where beauty and necessity could coincide. He helped Trey out of his chair with Cassie, and they waited outside with him till the cab came; it was taking a lot longer than it should have, as par usual. Eventually, Searle came out to check on them, but decided to call it a night and drove Trey home himself. As they pulled out, Capa scoffed as a cab pulled up beside him. Cassie went and told him that the guy got a ride; polite, apologetic even. She didn't have to do that kind of thing, but she always did. Sometimes Capa admired it, sometimes it drove him mad. When they got back in, the empty table was taken; which if he'd realized before he'd walked in that direction, would have been a good cue to go back to the table inside of standing there like an idiot, attracting Cora's attention, and getting involved in a four person game, men against women; Capa and Mace against Cora and Cassie. Fuck. That being said, he wasn't fairing too badly, given that he felt Mace's eyes burning on the back of his neck every time he leant over the table to take a shot. Glancing over the table top as he aimed his shot he stared at Harvey, who was across the room and was supposed to have been taking the shot, not him. Instead, he was chatting up some brunette. Stripes, Capa reminded himself, repositioning his aim, vainly doing his best to ignore Mace's eyes boring a hole into the top columns of his spine in an attempt to paralyze him from the neck down. \"It won't happen,\" Capa muttered. \"Pardon?\" Cora asked, perplexed. Capa shook his head, tossing his hair out of his eyes, \"nothing.\" He aimed, pushed the cue forwards, hit the ball, ball rebounds, hits another, in the pocket; impeccable. He'd played this all throughout university; his game was picking up as he felt the fight in him flare up brighter the longer that Mace made his silent challenges. \"Dammit, this is what I get for playing against a physicist,\" Cora groaned. Capa assumed that she was thinking of the hundred dollars she had riding on the game and offered a faint, bemused, apologetic smile. When he turned to face Mace though, it'd only become more pronounced and all apology disappeared from it as Mace's face stared back at with open annoyance. He didn't like being bested and Capa knew that it wasn't a good game to play against Mace, challenging his position as the alpha male, but the taste of winning was just too good to pass up. He didn't get this too often. Besides, in a couple of days, they'd go in for their tests, Mace would win like he always did, and everything would be back to normal. In the end they won, Capa having to cover for Mace's increasingly wild shots. Cora parted with her money, as did Cassie and it was getting late so they called it a night. Harvey had disappeared, and so had the brunette. All these departures left Capa alone with Mace, in a dingy dive bar, with a quickly dispersing clientele. \"Um…buy you a drink?\" Capa asked, fingering the new bills in his pocket from their game of pool; Mace hadn't put any money on it. It seemed like a good time to perhaps get their relationship up to tolerable, seeing as they'd be spending literally years cooped up in the same space craft together. \"Yeah, sure,\" Mace shrugged. Maybe he was thinking the same thing; maybe that was too hopeful. All I ask for is tolerable, Capa cast out. At least no could say that he didn't try if things went badly (which they always did). He ordered their drinks, they took a couple of seats at the bar. As they waited, Capa wondered what he'd been thinking, all this socializing; he couldn't think of a single thing to say. He'd gone and done it again; hospitality, amicability and good-intentions sweeping over him and suffocating him into positions he didn't know how to get out of. It could have been easy enough to simply finish their drinks and leave, but three rounds later, both of their tongues had loosed and, dare he think it, Capa was reasonably certain that he was enjoying himself and that the night hadn't turned out so badly as he predicted that it would. Except for maybe the hangover that was going to happen in the morning. For all the science of the last hundred years, no one had a cure for the morning after. \"You're military, right?\" Capa asked, leaning on one arm, face rested on his palm. Mace swallowed the last of his drink. \"Yeah, my dad's dad, his dad and his dad before that. Military…shit.\" Capa frowned. \"Shit?\" \"Didn't want to go,\" Mace confessed. That, is most interesting, Capa mused through leaden thought. \"No?\" he probed. \"No. But I never had a choice, not with history like that,\" Mace explained, his voice moving slowly as he articulated himself. \"What did you want to do?\" Mace looked at him directly in the face, leaning in closer than he should have, making Capa shift uncomfortably, and his free hand raise up to move his hair out of the way again. It was tangled and his fingers got caught, making him feel even smaller as he tried to get it out of the way. \"What you do.\" \"…oh.\" Mace leaned back, and signalled to the bartender for another drink. The man seemed to have no limit. Since Capa had gotten there earlier that night with Searle, he'd seen a constant stream of liquor ingested by the man. \"It doesn't matter though. I'm not smart enough. I only get to operate the things that people like you make work.\" What am I supposed to say to that? asked Capa blankly. \"You're plenty smart enough,\" Capa offered earnestly. He believed that. He really did. As much hell as Mace put him through since they'd been training and working on the Icarus project for, he knew for certain that Mace was not all brawn and no brains. Calculative, and bequeathed with a keen sense of practicality, Mace was as sharp as they come. That's what made it so easy for him to get under Capa's skin. Mace laughed, derisive. \"I can design things even, you know? But I can't invent new things. The numbers are too big, formulas to complicated, and no one taught me how to use them. I can make things for, here, for Earth I mean, but not for up there. I could never have made Payload. The numbers are too big.\" \"I don't even know if it'll work,\" Capa reprimanded, shutting his eyes for a moment to block out the idea of failure. But it was right there, even behind his eyelids. That's where it lived, that nightmare, an endless loop of falling, falling into the sun, as impossible as it was for him to be that close to it. He opened his eyes again, watching Mace, trying to pin him to the spot through the world's smudges and keep him still. \"It'll work,\" Mace said simply, picking at the bar with his nails. It wasn't the time to argue, so Capa just muttered that he hoped Mace was right. After that he didn't speak. Mace's image kept shaking through his line of sight; he dipped his head lower, massaging his head with his palm. It was going to be a very bad hangover. Occam's razor. \"I'm a man of the Earth,\" Mace mused aloud, drawing Capa's attention back to him. \"But you, you belong up there.\" Capa stared, looked away, didn't agree or disagree, didn't really know what Mace meant about anything he was saying, put the money down for the drinks, which took a big cut of his winnings, pulled out his comm. screen, called a cab, went home, slept, and didn't think properly until the hangover had worn off, and didn't think to much on what Mace had said under the influence the copious amounts of alcohol. So Mace was jealous of him. That through his bully theory out the window and explained why he treated everyone else equally. He'd only singled out Capa out of envy. And it was right back to being a jerk come the morning they went in for their tests. Mace beat him at the running, beat him at the swimming, the tossing, the jumping. Beat him at all the endurance tests, all the reflexive sparring, ex cetera, ex cetera, and rubbed it in every moment of the way. He didn't even have to say anything to do it was the most infuriating part of the exercise. The same way Capa had ruled the pool table, Mace dominated in the arena of the physical. All Capa could do was glower back at that damn sneer, plug away and do the best he could, his scientists limbs too gangly, too thin, too clumsy. He did alright in the swimming though, he took some heart in that, even if Mace still beat him in the end. Like his reflexive politeness, Capa found it maddening, how easily, how willingly he'd descend down to Mace's level, join in on the game, take up the challenge even as he knew that he'd lose. It wasn't even as though he cared about the actual winning of whatever the format of the competition was, it was simply that he was being challenged and taunted; all very juvenile. Capa bent over, hands on his knees, trying to catch his breath. It didn't make sense. They all did the same exercises, the same routine, but Mace still won even as Capa was sure that he put in just as much effort. But it looked like Mace hardly put any effort in at all and excelled anyways. \"He wants to be as good as you.\" Capa straightened; Searle again. How did he do that, always appearing without ever being heard until he wanted to? \"Well, he's just gone and showed me all the ways he's better than me,\" Capa said breathlessly, throwing an arm out to indicate Mace all the way across the track, still breathing easy, still moving at an even pace. \"And you're trying to show him all the ways that you're just as good as him,\" Searle continued, apparently oblivious to what Capa had just said. Frowning, Capa knew that Searle had heard exactly what he'd just said, but that he was ignoring him because he wasn't really talking to Capa. He was studying him. \"What a predicament,\" Capa commented scathingly. \"Yes.\" Sometimes, Capa thought that he could strangle Searle without regretting it. He felt that way about all people who tried to get into the heads of others; it was nothing personal. Searle was a good guy, had a good mind. \"Have you caught your breath?\" Searle asked, as though addressing him for the first time. That's just how he is, Capa mediated between his anger and his logic. He nodded, and started to plod onwards once again, Searle beside him, apparently just as spent as he was, which only enforced the reason for Mace's harassment as being purely out of envy. He was just as good at this as Searle, just as good as Trey or Corazon, but Mace was jealous of him. Though much of his life was spent searching for reasons and answers, the idea that answers only led to more questions seemed applicable to nearly everything he discovered. A life of constant dissatisfaction. Mace was certainly a source of constant dissatisfaction. He threw himself into work, not because he needed the quiet roar of it in his mind to separate from the conscious life, but simply because it was what he did. They all did it; they made isolation a group activity, making them the perfect crew for the Icarus II. The only time he'd thought of Mace that day was when he'd woken up with the prospect of having to go to work, and after that, he'd simply thought about work. The strange thing about their contentious relationship, at least for Capa, was that though he thought about it every day and sometimes more than others, was that it didn't actually happen every day. There were days where he wouldn't even see Mace. In fact, the only time they did ever cross paths was in training, group classes and the rare social occasion outside of work. And yet, there it was, every morning when he woke up and he'd think about what could happen, what words they'd toss at each other, wonder if they'd simply launch themselves at each other, eventually ending with Capa being the more injured of the two but not without a few good inflictions himself. He thought about normal work offices, and how people would be fired for that sort of thing. But it was the future of humanity that was their true occupation, so no one got let go; it was much to late for that. Instead, they'd just let him and Mace take shots at each other like a set of old western villains, interceding only when things got a little too out of hand. Because it always got out of hand, it was just knowing where to draw the line that was the concern. Shortly after they'd first met, hardly knowing each others face for a week, they'd gotten themselves into a full out brawl in the middle of one of the group functions designed to get to know one another better (as though they wouldn't have time during the voyage). To explain shortly, Capa had said something about the arrogance of the military and the way they trained the soldiers to be vicious, heartless pricks out for the pleasure of the kill and Mace responded with something about how he'd lost friends, and how Capa couldn't ever understand because he was some pencil-pusher scientist who'd never know what it was like to be out there and see your friends lose limbs, lives and minds. It quickly spiralled into an argument Capa knew he shouldn't have bothered with and ended with Mace planting a nice good one right on his face and knocking a tooth loose. Capa still maintained that Mace should have paid the bill on that one and knew for certain that neither of them had won the argument and never had since. The only places that they could define whether or not one had won, was with Capa's calculations and Mace's victories on the field. Everything else; no man's land. There was that one thing though, that one, rare, civil, exchange they'd had the night that Mace confessed why he hated him so much. Actually, Capa recalled, he never said that he hated him. It shouldn't have been enough, and logically it wasn't, but that realization was enough for Capa to admit that he wouldn't say that he hated Mace either. Just as it's said that people don't have to like each other to get along, Capa found that he didn't have to hate Mace to not get along. So there was hope enough that they could tone down their contemptibility for each other yet. Opportunity knocked, and that night everyone was heading out for dinner (not some dirty dive bar, but an actual dinner that Kaneda thought would be a good idea given that the holidays were approaching). Everyone on what would be the crew was going, and Capa felt the familiar ambivalence towards the outing. Socializing over dinner was even more difficult than socializing over a drink, made him feel even more out of place as there were certain codes of civility to uphold in somewhere as purpose driven as a restaurant. He even had to dress up for it, which wasn't a problem in itself, just that it gave a certain air of finality that he wasn't used to. For a man who played with numbers all day (or thought about playing with numbers all day when other living functions interfered), formal dress wasn't a high priority. He considered calling ahead and saying that he'd accidentally double booked and was going over to visit his sister, which he hadn't been doing enough as it was. Who would have thought that a project like saving the world would have come with strings like these attached, thought Capa as he evaluated his outfit in the mirror; crimson button up shirt, the nice pair of jeans that he kept in reserve in place of dress pants which only made him feel overdressed and pompously formal. Throw in those brown shoes his sister bought him because she was tired of seeing his old beat up high-tops, and he was set. He stepped out to wait for the cab, the cold of the solar winter immediately making him regret leaving behind his gloves and scarf. It was only five-thirty, in what should have been the late summer, and it was getting dark out. He didn't really ever remember it being any different, except back when his sister was still a baby, but it always struck him as unnatural. Light patterns were so ingrained to the human genetics code, that even after years like this, everyone knew that it wasn't what'd served as the norm since…literally the creation of the sun. The cab pulled up from the twilight, honking it's horn; he hadn't noticed it at all, watching the sun sink into the orange reflections off the buildings windows. He arrived and saw that he was the last to do so; his hand was forced to sit directly next to Mace. At least he wouldn't have the vantage point of being across the table from him, which would have made for many more noticed and then unnoticed glances. Unfortunately, it also meant that if they did end up catching each others eye, it was much closer than either of them would have liked. Capa excused his lateness, took his seat, placed his order and listened to the conversation at the table. He laughed in the appropriate spots, offered a word here and there when anything was directed at him, and tried to ignore that he was sitting at a crammed table full of people that he didn't hate, not at all, but just felt terribly distant from despite the hundreds of hours they'd spent together in training. That and that Mace kept bumping him with his elbow. It was entirely unavoidable, and it probably would have made more sense to put another table onto the end of theirs if they weren't already so settled in, but it was there reminding him the whole night of who he was sitting next to. Searle was bumping him too, to be fair, but that was Searle, and even if he did habitually pick their brains even off the clock, he liked him. Each time Mace bumped him, he thought about the night Mace had been drunk enough to act like an actual human being towards him, and for the first time, wondered if Mace remembered it at all. He had had a lot to drink that night, and it was entirely possible that the last thing Mace remembered from that night was watching him walk through the door with Searle. The only way to find that out was to get him that drunk again, but this time with witnesses. He didn't see that happening any time soon. \"You know, I got messages from him almost right up till they entered the dead zone,\" Mace said through drunken lucidity. Capa shifted in his chair, feeling guilty for accepting Cassie's invitation to go out for drinks after dinner with Harvey, Mace and her. It didn't feel right, knowing something like that about Mace, especially when it was Mace telling him. Them, Mace was telling them. \"What did he say?\" Cassie asked. Mace leaned back in his chair, reminiscing, formulating how to quantify it into words. \"He was always saying how incredible it was, that I should try it. He said…he said that it was like being in a room, only it was all of space, but how no matter where they were, he felt like they were the last people in the universe, not lost, but not having any direction; like they were being taken in and taken apart at the same time. That's what he said in the last message he sent.\" Cassie eyes were sympathetic. The Icarus I had been assumed dead two weeks after they were scheduled to have exited the dead zone; Mace's brother had been on the voyage. That could be the entire reason that he'd entered the program; as tribute. Was that what he'd meant when he said that he didn't belong up there? That's Searle's department. Knowing who's art it was didn't stop Capa from wanting to understand what Mace meant though. \"That why you're going up there?\" Harvey asked. For a communications tech, he wasn't too bright when it came to deciphering what other people said. \"Yeah. I guess so. I don't know. I want to know what he meant.\" Mace hit the table with an open palm, making Capa startle. \"Sorry,\" Mace said. Cassie and Harvey's eyes snapped from his hand on the table up to his face. If Mace were not drunk, if he were completely sober, what normally would have followed after hitting the table like that was that he'd zero in on Capa for jumping at the noise. He'd be macho, he'd be a dick, he might mutter a few choice words and things would go on from there. That's how easy, how simple it was for them to get into a fight. Cassie and Harvey looked over to Capa to see his reaction to the apology. However small, it was something entirely unheard of. Mace always apologized, in his own way, but never actually said the words. He's just avoid Capa for a while, bite his tongue and stay quiet for a while. He'd do this until they were forced back into the same room together by schedules for too long, or one had been invited for the same night out without the other knowing. Capa shrugged. \"I zoned out,\" Capa said, covering up the near singular attention he'd been watching Mace with. He hadn't zoned out. The only reason Mace was able to startle him so easily was because he was always paying very close attention and the sudden change in what he was watching caught him off guard, killed his ability to anticipate anything that might be coming; this sounds like not paying attention at all, but Capa invested himself completely in it and the focus was on a part of the picture that blinded him to the rest. Zoning out implied that he was not paying attention at all, quite the opposite of what he'd been doing. \"Space case,\" Cassie jeered lightly, bumping him on the arm. \"Harvey, want to split the cab fare?\" And they were alone again, and now that Capa had had his witnesses witness what he wanted them too, he wasn't sure what to do with it. Or what to do with what was left. He worked on finishing his own drink, hardly touched and warm in his mouth; it was disgusting, but it was better than trying to fill up the quiet. He'd leave that to the speakers overhead. \"Why do you want to go up there?\" Mace asked, interrupting Capa's slow intake of the warm glass between his hands. \"What?\" \"Why do you want to be a part of Icarus II?\" Capa frowned. \"Because I should have been on Icarus I ,\" he answered simply. \"Why weren't you? Payload's yours.\" \"I'm a physicist; they were in a hurry. It'd have taken longer to train me than it'd take me to train someone how to use the Payload.\" Mace didn't seem to react at all to what he said and responded with nothing, unreadable. But there wasn't really anything to be said about the matter. Five years ago, he'd wanted nothing more than to be on Icarus I with his bomb, but it just didn't happen. He'd spent all his time designing the bomb; there'd been no time for anything else. He'd never say it aloud, but the failure of Icarus I had been the best news he'd ever heard in his life. But apparently Mace made the connection for himself, sharp as a whip. \"So what happened to them was actually the best thing that could have happened for you.\" Capa swallowed, not daring himself to move; but that reflective honesty already had him nodding and croaking out a yes. Mace didn't need to say what he thought of that, and anything that he might have would have been entirely true. Capa had never claimed to be a good person, but doing things that made him feel like a bad person did the job on the conscious just as well as if he'd been striving to be a good person and been failing all along. He shouldn't have answered Mace. Should have been covering up his movements, offer some consolation for what'd happened to his brother. But he hadn't done any of that. He just sat there, admitting to his selfishness and general apathy towards what'd happened to the scientists and astronauts that'd been on the ship. How could he care for people he didn't know? It was cold yes, and he knew it, and it might even be inhumane of him. But that still didn't make him feel anything towards other than the guilt of feeling nothing at all. So he had another thing that Mace didn't; he still had his sister. Mace must have known that from the start, known so much more about him than Capa would have guessed, more than Capa knew about Mace. Capa swallowed, trying to clear out whatever was obstructing his voice; he'd find Mace, and he'd apologize. He'd tell him what he'd meant, mince his words more properly, make them more presentable. It probably wouldn't mean anything to Mace. He stepped in through the doorway, looking for Mace at his computer; he swivelled in his chair as Capa entered. \"Yes?\" The word was clipped, and if it weren't how Mace always spoke to him, Capa might have winced at the sharpness of it. Though he didn't, he still wanted too, but there were certain things about Mace that he had gotten used to. \"Look, the other night, after Cassie and Harvey left-\" \"What happened?\" Capa stared. He quickly ran over how many drinks Mace had had, and he was reasonably certain that it hadn't been that much. The time that'd passed hadn't made it feel like that much. As he tried to run his calculations though, he found that he hadn't really been paying attention to the consumption of alcohol enough that night to have any solid numbers. \"…you don't remember?\" Mace rolled his eyes. \"I know what happened, but what are you apologizing for?\" I am perplexed, Capa thought flatly. It might have been better to simply leave, but he still felt as though he had to explain himself. Why, he'd never know, but he tried to even without knowing, which felt dangerous, unpredictable, and very dissatisfying. But Mace was a source of constant dissatisfaction, which he already knew very well. \"I agreed with you, when you asked if what happened to the Icarus I was the best thing that'd happened for me. Your brother was on that voyage.\" \"You don't need to tell me that.\" Capa turned, covering his mouth with the palm of his hand, laughing disbelievingly. What the hell? \"Well, aren't you mad at me?\" he asked. \"Aren't you going to beat the crap out of me or something?\" Mace frowned, \"Why would I do that?\" \"Jesus, do I have to spell it out for you? Your brother was on the Icarus I , they died, it was the best thing that has ever happened to me. Your brother is dead, and I'm just happy to have a chance to launch Payload myself.\" Mace leaned back in his chair, studying Capa. Capa didn't know what he was thinking, there was no algorithm to explain his expression, no formula to quantify what he was thinking. Where was Searle when he needed him? Hell, he'd even settle for Cassie's moments of poignant introspection. She was much better at reading people than he was. All he could ever see was when they were a threat, and all he could properly hear were their good ideas when they had them. \"Why should that bother me? There wasn't anything you could have done to Icarus I to make their mission a failure or a success.\" Capa couldn't lift his limbs; he might have been dumbstruck into paralysis. Mace's mind really was that measured in plain logic. There was nothing Capa could have done to Icarus I , that was true, and though he might feel guilty for finding joy in whatever their plight may have been, it was entirely self inflicted; Mace didn't care, which was impressive, even for him. Though that still begged the question of why Mace did hate him so much. \"If it's not that, then why do you hate me?\" Capa blurted out. \"Why do you care?\" Mace deadpanned back. Capa wanted to groan, fall over on the floor, and die. He didn't need this. He should never had come here, least of all with the idea of apology in his mind. Mace was right; why should he care? Why should he make everything more excruciating than it really was? \"Well, most people care when someone is making it so clear that they hate them.\" \"I never said that I hate you.\" Capa scoffed, \"You don't need to.\" Mace didn't react again, stone statue. When he wasn't taking shots at someone, or disagreeing with them, he was as impassive as a pool of water. Capa finally found motor skills functional in places other than his mouth and took a step back as Mace stood, ready to storm out angrily. Unfortunately they froze up again as Mace crossed the short distance, and while Capa was closer to the door now, he was no closer to exiting through it, pinned again in whatever game Mace was playing. The challenge was there; he couldn't leave now, the competitive streak in him making it impossible. \"I never said that I hated you,\" Mace repeated. Capa felt his throat go dry, the only thing he found himself capable of doing was to watch Mace move towards him. Distantly, he felt that the look wasn't the usual glower he reserved for Mace, and that it wasn't a blank look either; it was open puzzlement, something that he didn't like to show to anyone, but was showing to Mace. Something that he currently had no control over. Mace was very close now. \"For someone so smart, you're a complete idiot,\" Mace told him. He wasn't sneering; he was simply stating a fact. \"…okay?\" Capa felt his voice scrape out from his parched mouth. The feeling of having no control of the situation, or even just having no reaction was very disorienting. Although he knew that Mace was very close to him, he felt very far away. What the hell is happening? he asked, his mind's voice asked him as flatly as Mace spoke. He didn't answer the question in his mind. Mace placed a hand on his shoulder that he couldn't shrug off. Mace put his hand on his back, which meant that he couldn't properly get away; in fact, he was shifted forward, closer again, by a pressure there that effectively locked him in place. Capa liked when hands went through his hair, and figured that that was how he was tricked into tipping his head at the right angle. He liked especially when he felt fingers over the back of his neck, slipping upwards over the curve of his skull, and he assumed that that was why he didn't violently shove Mace away. Then there was the feeling of someone breathing over his skin, and the chill that came with the sensitive breathing of someone overtop his lips, and he thought that maybe that'd intoxicated him long enough so that he still didn't move away as Mace pressed his lips against his. It could have been that because he suddenly felt his body resume it's capability for movement that he kissed back so that he could test its facilities. Or it could have simply been that he didn't hate Mace either. He could still hate that he didn't though. ","Summary":" \"Capa, you coming?\" Capa looked up; Searle. \"All work and no play makes Capa a dull boy,\" he in"},{"Movie":"Sunshine","Title":"Rebirth","Author":"zuzuthezombie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10663444","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Capa is spending way more time with you in the oxygen garden now that his precious Payload has been delivered. You suspect that it's because he no longer has a fortress of solitude. You've got your garden, which sustains the correct amount of oxygen and CO2 that the ship needs to survive. Cassie and Koneda have the cockpit, making sure they keep a course for their now re-heating planet. Harvey has his own calm searching for signals. Trey has his navigator's room, keeping Cassie and the captain on the correct path. Searle has his observation room, and the infirmary, the psych for the Icarus II, so the crew doesn't go crazy. Mace had the inner workings to give him company. But Capa... the only reason Capa was on this mission was to detonate the Payload and make sure it was running smoothly. Now that it had been delivered, what was his purpose? So you didn't mind his presence in the gardens at all, mostly sitting on a sturdy shelf with the most beat up book you've ever seen. Sometimes you wonder if it's the only book he's brought along, because it's the only non-textbook or note thing you ever see him read. Today Searle is in here too, because he has self-diagnosed that much more time in the observation room would be bad. Even though he always has a pretty terrible sunburn all the time, except where his sunglasses, once Capa's, protect that part of his face. So Searle has come in here for some time. He's already admired his bright snapdragon flowers, now trying to sneak some of Cassie's strawberries without anybody noticing. He's terrible at it; you're sure even Capa has noticed him stealing them. \"Capa,\" he speaks up, and the physicist looks up from the book with an alarmed squeak. \"Uh, y-yes?\" \"You know, I've been thinking- I'm going to prescribe you half an hour in the Earth Room after dinner today,\" Searle is now munching on a bean he's plucked from some vines, apparently done pissing Cassie off. \"What would you like? Clouds at sunset, perhaps?\" Capa has never been prescribed the Earth Room before, mostly it's Mace or Trey. You realize now that that's what the Payload must have been for him, his own Earth Room. Capa tilts his head to the side, eyes going more vacant than usual, and you stop messing with your worms to hear what he has to say. It's Capa, after all. He just saved mankind. \"Is this not an Earth Room, itself?\" he says. Searle lets out a soft: \"... Huh.\" Then, \"I'm going to be thinking about that over dinner, it's your turn to cook.\" and he sounds distant and awestruck as he leaves. Capa gives a heavy sigh. He doesn't bother to mark his page as he gets up. \"Would you help me maybe pick stuff out...?\" he sounds so hesitant, and shy, and it makes your heart hurt a little, because you know whatever he makes Mace and Trey and Harvey will subtly complain about the food. And Capa won't pick it up, usually. He's Capa. And because of that, it makes you wonder why those three dislike him so. \"Of course,\" you say. And a tiny, grateful smile flits across Capa's face as you move toward the back wall.[Chapter 2] You and Capa are floating in the Payload, Capa with his notebooks and textbooks and fancy mechanical pencils in a cloud around him. His hair, as does yours, hovers about his head like a black halo. There's music playing in the background, and you're not sure where it's coming from. \"Hey, Cory,\" Capa says softly to you. \"What's up? Something you need?\" You shake your head. \"No. I just... I just wanted to come visit.\" \"Heck of a visit, doesn't this place creep you out?\" You shrug. It does, in fact, creep you out, the seemingly endless realm of bleak grey boxes stacked all around you, not to mention the way they're stacked - creating dizzying drops every which way. Capa finds solace in this place, apparently, perched on the walkway doing whatever it is he does in here. The next song clicks on, and, strangely, Capa starts to sing along: 'Imagine there's no heaven, It's easy if you try, No hell below us, Above us only sky, Imagine all the people, Living for today...' \"Capa, can we turn on a different song?\" you ask. This one is creepy, to say the least. You know that the original song is meant to be a good message or something of the sort, but this version just sounds sad. The physicist turns off the music completely, shoving away a thick textbook so he can face you better. \"Corazon, do you feel safe in here with me?\" You're a bit shocked by this statement. \"Of course I do, Capa, it's you. Why wouldn't I?\" \"We're inside a bomb, Cory, listen to me. We depleted all of the Earth's fissile fuels to make it. It has a mass equal to that of Manhattan Island, big enough to have it's own significant gravitational field. We're going to reignite the sun, a star within a star, to save millions upon millions of lives.\" He pauses, looking around at the geometric landscape, before continuing in a more hushed tone, \"When the detonation sequence starts, first there will be a spark. It will split into two, and those will split, and so on. At that point, and at that speed going into a celestial being, time becomes irrelevant. I think it will be beautiful, Corazon. I'm not scared. Now, tell me - are you?\" \"I... I think it will be beautiful too.\" \"That doesn't answer my question - are you scared?\" Capa hooks his fingers into a space between boxes, launching himself over to the walkway where the control panel is, pulling out the key to start up the manual detonation sequence. He waits for your answer all the while. \"I am,\" you admit. \"It's okay,\" says a soft voice and a hand upon your shoulder. You startle, turning as best you can to face them. It's only Searle, and he gives an apologetic smile. \"You can talk to me about it,\" he assures, \"Why are you scared? It's going to be amazing,\" \"We're going to get a glimpse of the big bang,\" Capa echoes, inserting the key and turning it, the click echoing through the chamber. He deftly starts up the rest of the process, and you can see that he wasn't lying about not being afraid. \"Cassie,\" he says, turning to the girl, who you hadn't noticed before, \"we're flying into the sun. It's just like my dream,\" A spark flickers above. \"Cory...? Corazon, are you alright?\" a gentle shaking of your shoulder. Your body feels strange, and you stretch, feet hitting chilly glass and a hand brushing against cloth. Your eyes flicker open to see Capa, backed by beautiful pinpoints of light. \"You drifted off,\" he says, \"thought I'd better wake you, it isn't the best to fall asleep in one of the bubbles.\" You remember, Capa had let you into one of the zero-grav bubbles with him, and he had turned on his music, both of you content to just drift. \"I'm fine,\" you respond, suppressing a yawn. A small smile, \"Good. It's almost time to give the transmission anyways.\" The fact that you're almost out of the dead zone makes your heart leap with joy. ","Summary":" Capa is spending way more time with you in the oxygen garden now that his precious Payload has been"},{"Movie":"Sunshine","Title":"Split","Author":"Punctuator","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4247324","Passage":"[Chapter 1] SPLIT He was terrified and ashamed, and he was trying to hide it. Whitby saw it in the set of Capa's mouth, in his twitching shoulders, in the extra layer of ice in his pale blue eyes. She was helping him unsuit while Corazon saw to Mace, who'd had no suit but a clumsy wrapping of insulation during his and Capa's and Harvey's leap from the Icarus I to this, their Icarus II, and who, fortunately, was too stupid to know he should be dead. Harvey, the wiser man, had died moments ago or was still freezing to death— if he hadn't already floated past the outer edge of their forward shield and vaporized in the horrific glare of the sun. It didn't matter. He was beyond help. They all were. Whitby saw that in Capa's young face, too. She eased him clear of his helmet and unfastened his gloves, listening to the quiet panting of his breath and hers. She realized that she should say something to him, something reassuring or comforting, but she knew that if she opened her mouth, anything that would come out would be along the lines of You've well and truly fucked us, haven't you, little man? Corazon was dressing Mace's cracked and frozen hands while Mace shivered, hunched and silent, in a wrapping of blankets, and as Whitby broke the remaining seals on Capa's suit, purloined from the Icarus I, she thought how part of the blame was hers. Mace had opposed their going to the Icarus I, and she had backed him, but part of her had wanted, needed, yearned to know what had happened to the project's first crew and their captain. So her protests to the second mission's commander, Kaneda, to its brilliant physicist, Capa, to its medic and psych officer, Searle, had been inadequate, perhaps moreso even than Mace's, which, as the protests of the Icarus II 's mechanic, had been snuffed by a quiet but round shouting-down from his betters on the team totem. She as pilot might have done more to prevent the rendezvous; up to crippling their ability to dock, she should have done more. But she hadn't. She'd behaved selfishly, thinking a thing being worse than doing it if it meant the nondoing of something essential. She'd wanted to know (curiosity still being the most dangerous of unofficial sins), and now their own mission was at the point of collapse. So it wasn't entirely Capa's fault, the deaths of Kaneda and comms officer Harvey, the abandonment of Searle, trapped aboard the Icarus I , the impending failure of their all-important task, to revive the dying sun. The boy could but follow the dictates of his logical cold brain. She'd been the one to fail her common sense. Never mind. Too late now, wasn't it? She looked to Mace, still shivering and staring hard at the deck in front of his frozen feet, and asked Corazon: \"How is he?\" \"He'll—\" Corazon paused. She left the \"survive\" unspoken. A word they'd likely be removing from their collective vocabulary in the very, very near future. She said: \"He's functioning.\" \"That'll do.\" Whitby pulled Capa from the remainder of his suit. He didn't try to shrug off the arm she kept around him. She felt his slender torso shaking against her side. \"Let's get you fellows something hot to drink.\" She made coffee while Corazon, the keeper of their atmosphere, ran the numbers on the oxygen remaining to them; she poured while Corazon told them when they were scheduled to die. She sat back in her chair at the table in the common area and cradled her cup to her chest, singeing her fingers but not minding, and thought what her brother Richie might say, just ahead of a pistol-muzzle-to-the-temple hand gesture: At least the coffee's still decent. That's something, innit? The thing was, they might have air enough to do what they'd come to do: to chuck Capa's great Rubik's cube of dark matter and assorted radioactives into the sun and give Old Sol second thoughts about cashing out. The twist was, they hadn't air enough for all of them to make it to the chucking point. \"One of us needs to die,\" Corazon said, simply. \"Trey,\" Mace said, just as simply, in response. Their young navigator had triggered the mudslide of errors that had put them where they were now by botching the course correction that allowed them to rendezvous with the Icarus I ; Whitby herself had come that close to killing him— \"You changed our course without me ? With no fucking pilot on the flight deck —?!\"— before Kaneda and Mace pulled her off him; in short order, Trey had gone from mortification to deep depression, and Searle, good space doctor that he was, had consigned him to a purgatory of sedatives in Medical. Now Whitby took a last sip of her good coffee and set her cup on the steel table. \"We're not killing Trey,\" she said, slowly. \"We're going to wake him up.\" Mace looked at her coldly. \"You heard Corazon: there's not enough air.\" \"If we stay here.\" \"And where the fuck are we supposed to go? We're dead, Whitby. We finish the mission; we die with— damn it, I don't know— We do our duty.\" \"We die with dignity,\" Corazon said, softly. Capa nodded. \"I agree.\" Whitby glanced at him. \"As if you have a say at this point.\" \"What the hell does that mean—?\" \"No disrespect, Dr. Capa, but you've made your last bad judgment call on this trip.\" Capa scowled at her, obviously deeply offended. \"I made a decision based on the best available—\" \"You tell that to Searle and Harvey. Tell it to Kaneda.\" She stared at him until Capa turned his scowl away, until he was what he'd always been in her eyes: a pale boy with an outsized brain and not an ounce of sense. \"As a passenger, Dr. Capa, you've been tolerable. You're quiet, and you don't take up much room. As an advisor, you've proved lacking.\" She gave him a second; he wisely kept quiet, though his eyes on the space before him were hateful. Then she said to all of them: \"We're going to configure for evacuation, and we're going to leave.\" \"Without delivering the payload?\" Mace stared at her incredulously. \"You coward. You God-damned—\" \"Mace—\" She fixed her eyes on him. \"Shut up. We're delivering the payload. Capa primes it while we prep the lifepod. We can't provide atmosphere for the entire ship; we'll air what we can, that being the pod; we'll drop the bomb; we'll go—\" \"From this distance in a pod? That far back? It's never been done.\" \" None of this has ever been done, Mace.\" \"They tested those air recyclers using chimps.\" \"Should make you feel right at home.\" \"They died .\" \"They didn't know to clean the fucking filters, did they?\" \"We're wasting oxygen,\" Corazon said. She rested her hand on Mace's shoulder; he half-turned to her; she said, gently: \"You're losing air, and it's making you afraid. It's making all of us afraid. We should try this. We should at least try.\" He left off glaring at Whitby. \"Don't have anything better to do, do we?\" Corazon squeezed his shoulder. \"No.\" They went together to Medical, the four of them; there they'd divide the tasks to prepare for evacuation and then split up. Capa was behind the rest of them, saving his wind, avoiding Whitby's judging eyes. Then, like the barest of pressure on his back, he felt— — felt, because he certainly didn't see anything, and his ears, it seemed, were filling with the growing wheeze in his breath— — something. He stopped, turned, looked behind them. His heart tripped and fell in his chest. Outside Comms, in a pocket of shadow, stood a human figure. Featureless at this distance, dark, tall— \"Searle—?\" Capa gasped. Its shadowy head turned his way. It looked at him with eyes Capa couldn't see. Then it stepped into Comms and disappeared. \"What is it?\" Mace had stopped, too. He joined Capa, followed his gaze down the hall. \"Did you see something?\" \"I thought—\" Capa frowned at the empty stretch behind them. \"Mace, could Searle have made it back?\" \"No.\" He waited a moment, then touched Capa's shoulder. When Capa looked at him, he said: \"You have to focus, Capa. Air's messing with your head. You've got a job to do. Then we're going home, okay?\" At any other time, he might have felt a patronizing sting from Mace's tone. Now he couldn't even muster shame at the hope he felt in hearing the word: home . \"Okay.\" Corazon was already in Medical, watching Whitby prep a hypoful of stimulants. Mace, coming in with Capa in tow, beat her to the question: \"Are you sure you know what you're doing?\" \"No.\" Whitby jetted the air from the syringe. \"But if I'm wrong, at least Trey won't be wasting our precious oxygen, will he?\" He came up out of his drugged semi-coma with a panicked, ragged gasp. He looked at them unknowingly and then tipped his head into his hands and sat swaying on the cot's thin mattress. \"Trey.\" Corazon gently touched his arm. He flinched at the contact. \"Are you dead, too, Corrie?\" he asked. \"We're not dead.\" \"But he said we were all—\" \" Who -he?\" Mace came closer, impatiently. \"Trey, come on: wake up.\" \"I am awake. There was a—\" Trey lowered his hands, looked at them, at the room. \"Christ, I'm stoned, aren't I? I am fucking stoned .\" \"Putting it mildly,\" Capa muttered. \"Trey—\" Whitby took him by the shoulders and said, when he met her eyes: \"Our air is running out. We're evacuating. We need your help. But Mace wants you dead.\" Mace sputtered: \"Whitby, the fuck —?\" She looked at him coldly and nodded toward Trey, who was staring at Mace with a mix of shock and fear on his face. \"It's got him focused, hasn't it?\" To seed and maintain a breathable atmosphere, the recycler aboard the pod would require air with a certain percentage of oxygen, a percentage that as of now was becoming increasingly difficult to find aboard the ship. Trey and Mace were to find such air, the sooner the better: the question was where ? \"The suits,\" Mace said. \"We'll empty the tanks on the suits. Then—\" He looked at the others. \"The bomb housing,\" Capa said. \"I won't be in there long. It's not as if the thing needs to breathe.\" Whitby asked him: \"When will you be ready to go?\" \"You'll be transferring control from the ship's mainframe to the computers aboard the pod, right? I'll be ready when I have the new feed from the pod's computer.\" \"You'll have it within fifteen minutes. You'll be at the payload by then.\" \"Of course.\" \"We might have to separate earlier than we'd originally planned. The pod's engines won't have the thrust that the main engines do.\" She looked at him very directly. \"If it came down to it, could you re-calculate the deployment?\" Capa hesitated. \"Would you accept it if I said 'no'?\" \"Not all of us would have to,\" Trey said. \"I would,\" Whitby countered. \"You might have to leave me behind.\" Capa's voice was even. \"You have to admit that's an acceptable risk.\" \"I wouldn't leave you here alone,\" Whitby said. She looked from him to the others. \"The pod's our chance. It's our choice, too.\" To Capa, she said: \"You haven't answered me. Could you adjust if the deployment were sooner?\" \"Forces are still behaving according to estimation at this distance. The destabilization begins after the drop point, not before.\" \"Can't you just say 'yes'?\" Mace asked. Capa smiled slightly. \"No.\" \"Go on. Get going, then,\" Whitby said to him. \"Mace, Trey: air and decoupling. Corazon--\" \"Water, then food: yes.\" Their botanist-slant-nutritionist had volunteered to round up whatever no-refrigeration-required edibles she could find. \"No bloody way I'm going to be stuck eating nothing but straight emergency rations for a year and a half.\" Mace and Trey with their burden of tanks and tools shuffled as breathlessly as old men for the main suit locker. The designers of the second Icarus had assumed that in an emergency the ship's computer systems might well be malfunctioning; when they planned for the module containing the flight deck to act as a lifepod, they'd arranged for most of its prep to be performed manually: locking hinges to be thrown by hand (and a good deal of force), grappling assemblies that would guide the pod's engines into place and hold them there, trans-bulkhead spigots and insulated piping through which would-be survivors would feed air and water to the tanks supplying the pod's environmental systems. Corazon and Whitby would channel water from the ship's main tanks to the pod, after which Corazon would be off scavenging and Whitby would be prepping the flight deck. Good thing they don't have to carry that water in buckets, Mace thought. He was breathing through his mouth, so hard that his throat and the root of his tongue were starting to ache. As they reached the suit locker, he asked, hoarsely: \"Are you with me, Trey?\" \"Yeah.\" Trey unslung an oxygen tank as Mace unslung his. He looked more numbly breathless than fearful; he hovered for a moment as Mace started siphoning the air from the first suit. Then he said: \"She was lying, wasn't she, Mace? Do you want to kill me?\" Mace could barely bring himself to meet Trey's eyes. He tried to tell himself it was the growing lack of oxygen, that the energy to lift his head would be energy wasted. \"Yeah, Trey, she was lying.\" \"Because I— I'd do it myself, if you thought—\" \"Jesus, Trey, don't be stupid. Give me a hand here, would you?\" She was on the flight deck even now, Whitby was, seated at the comms station while she finished initiating the lifepod's discrete data and power systems and closing off its ship-dependent ones. Easier to concentrate, sitting, less effort to breathe, less distraction from the increasingly rough beating of her heart. She'd just indulged in a thought— We might actually pull this off — when something on a monitor above her head caught her eye. A couple of months back, out of boredom, just to see if they could do it, she and Mace had rigged a thermal imaging tracking system for the public areas of the ship. Not for the showers or the sleeping quarters— \"God forbid we should catch someone gettin' it on in this house of Brede,\" she'd said, drily— but both she and he had thought (and Kaneda agreed) it only made sense, from a safety standpoint, to know, generally, where people were on the ship. She'd been half-watching the imaging now, while she waited for the mission's primary programs and files to load to the computers aboard the pod. Orange-red blips wandering squares of black and blue. One blip, well ahead of where she was on the flight deck: Capa. Two blips, to the side of and behind him: Trey and Mace, wrangling their oxygen-siphoning gear. Then, aft of the flight deck, in the Oxygen Garden— — two blips, moving. She thought it a trick of her peripheral vision, a twitch of her oxygen-starved brain. She looked up directly at the display. Though the fire in the Oxygen Garden had been extinguished, the area was still showing random pockets of heat. That's what she'd seen. Amazing, really, that the sensors still worked. She'd moved her head, looking at something else, and indirectly projected the motion to the display. Sure, now: only one blip moving, and that had to be Corazon. Likely she wanted a final look at her stricken paradise, and Whitby wouldn't be the one to call her on it. The blip that was Corazon stopped; she saw something useful in the wreckage, maybe— And another blip moved on the screen. Whitby rose from the comms seat, staring. \" Icarus , patch me through to Corazon.\" Channel open, Whitby. The second blip reached the first, stopped. \"Corazon?\" Whitby asked the air. \"Corrie, are you there?\" Nothing. A low hiss of static from the feed. Nothing else. Her heart pounded raggedly in her chest. \" Icarus , who is in the Oxygen Garden with Corazon?\" Unknown crewmember. Shock. It took a moment to register. Then Whitby was running— already breathing hard in the oxygen-thin atmosphere— for the Oxygen Garden. \" Icarus , get me Mace.\" Channel op — \"Mace?\" Whitby? What is it? Not much distance between the flight deck and the ship's garden, and already, pushing through the shadows left when the fire took out the primary lighting between ops and Corazon's paradise, brownish smoke hanging in the air, she was winded. \"I think we have an intruder.\" What? Say again— She was at the entrance to the Oxygen Garden. She looked in, panting and queasy from apprehension and the stale air. She stepped into the murky shadows, picked her way through the charred wreckage on the floor. \"Mace, I think we—\" She stopped. Corazon was just ahead of her, sitting cross-legged on the floor. She had something cupped in her hands: tiny, very green, frail. A plant. Bean shoot or some such. Her eyes were open, but she was very still, and something was more than wrong— Whitby, what is it? \"Corrie?\" She knew without touching her, knew even in this dim lighting the flat dullness in Corazon's eyes. She knew absolutely when she saw, stepping gingerly around and behind the other woman, the bloody hole in Corazon's spine. \"Christ. Oh, Christ—\" Whitby, what the fuck— \"She's dead, Mace.\" She touched Corazon's throat anyway, the pulse point just under her jaw, felt the nothing she knew she'd feel. \"She's dead; she's been stabbed.\" I'm on my way— We're— \"No.\" She shocked herself with the force in her voice. \"Stay on task, Mace.\" No. We have to— \"We have to get out of here. Stay on task. Icarus , all channels—\" All chan— \"Trey, Capa: we have an intruder. For God's sake, keep your eyes open.\" Only after shocked acknowledgments from Trey and Capa, when the feed from her comm link went quiet, did she realize she hadn't exactly been minding her own surroundings. Fear hit her like a shove square between the shoulderblades. She looked around her, from her spot with Corazon in the dark and smoldering ruins, a full three-sixty— \"Whitby,\" she whispered to herself, \"you stupid bloody bitch—\" But: nothing. Had the killer— whoever or whatever it was— and how much fear the mind could pack into that one tiny word, it — had the killer still been in the Oxygen Garden, she'd be as dead as their mission's botanist. She took a last look at Corazon. Stay on task . Then she left the Oxygen Garden and made for the flight deck, their soon-to-be lifepod. She hoped, grimly, that she'd find it empty. It was. She swept the flight deck with her eyes. She walked it quickly, then, too, the upper deck and the lower, looked shamelessly behind every chair, under every console. She even looked up at the bloody ceiling. She'd never been fond of horror films: too often the fools in them trusted their screenwriters and directors to show them where the monster might be lurking, and those fools ended up lied to, misled, and dead. So she checked thoroughly, herself, and then she settled herself at the pilot's station with an eye on the hatch leading out and continued the prep for evacuation. And now, hyper-vigilant as she was, she noticed almost instantly that the ship's engines were overheating. Monitor bank to her left. Temperature lines spiking across the drive system. Spiking and rising. Three words in old-school glowing lime: COOLANT SYSTEM FAILURE She toggled the switches for the coolant system: no response. The fault was at the source. Physical, actual. Not in the circuitry. Again Whitby was up; again, she proceeded aft. And in the engine room of the Icarus II, she found— (She stopped dead, staring—) A human. Tall, male. Wearing— though the shadows seemed to be shifting around him: something in the air was making him indistinct, as though the light were reluctant to touch him— tattered remnants of clothing, trousers, filthy bits of a t-shirt that stuck to the ruin of his skin, burned and cracked, all of him a horror in rough black and sticky red— \"Must be very soon now,\" he said quietly, turning to her. His voice was accented and deep. \"You're here.\" She took a step closer, to better see him. She could barely breathe for fear, for the jolting beat of her heart. \"Who the hell are you?\" \"Don't be afraid, Loinnir.\" Her breath caught in her throat, stuck there, stumbled out as a choke: \"Dan?\" Pinbacker. Daniel. Captain of the Icarus I. Now he came a step closer, and she could see his eyes. Dark and intent as she'd remembered, but shining, as though they carried their own light. Alive in the dead burned horror of his face. And quite, quite insane. He spoke softly, watching her: \"He promised me so many things-- When I died, I'd see you again.\" \"Who?\" \"God. You talk to Him, too; I know you do.\" She was having trouble thinking; she was having trouble drawing air; her voice made hardly any sound: \"Dan, what have you done--?\" \"Not long now. We'll all go to Him together.\" \"You killed Corazon. You killed--\" Kaneda burning alive, Harvey dying in space, Searle abandoned on the Icarus I . She edged toward the engine room's primary controls, feeling dizzy and sick. \"You want to kill all of us. Everyone on Earth-- You're trying to stop the mission.\" \"There is no mission. Not anymore.\" Whitby was at the primary control panel, but the controls were nothing but a smashed mess of metal and plastic. Then Pinbacker was there, too, and there was something in his hand. Something glinting and sharp. Whitby caught the flash in the corner of her eye; she spun sideways, and the scalpel— she saw, with shocked and frozen precision, that's what it was— sliced the air to the right of her neck. Pinbacker's hand and the scalpel in their unimpeded trajectory hit one of the monitors near the control panel; the screen cracked and went black. He slashed at Whitby again, grabbing for her; she ducked, tripped, fell hard on her knees. She was gasping, trying to get her feet under her, when he gripped the back of her t-shirt and heaved her up. Blindly, instinctively: as he pulled her backward, just as her torso snapped straight, Whitby grabbed at her right boot. The scalpel in Pinbacker's hand flashed toward her throat-- and she stabbed something, hard, into the inner side of his right thigh. She twisted it, twisted herself in his grip, wheezing, terrified-- Pinbacker shouted in pain. He lost his grip on Whitby. She tumbled free, pulling loose as she fell whatever it was she had jabbed into Pinbacker's leg. Blood sprayed. He grabbed her by the hair, then by the head. He had dropped the scalpel. By now, breaking her neck would do just as well. She twisted her torso to follow the motion of his twisting hands-- it was all she could do. She got her free hand under his arm, along his side, braced herself against him, and shoved the thing with which she stabbed his leg hard into the left side of his throat, just under his chin. Then she yanked it free and got a faceful of arterial blood. He didn't try to grab for the diving knife. That's what it was. The thinking— between Whitby and her brother Richie, between Whitby and her diving pals and the ocean back home— had always been that you never took your best knife on a dive unless you well and truly wanted to lose that knife. So she had as part of her dive gear a half-dozen or so knives of solid but not flawless steel or alloy and cheap plastic handles. Then, on the day before the Icarus II was to depart from the launch station in orbit, the shuttle from Earth had delivered, along with the mission's most last-minute supplies, a package for her: a beautiful dual-edged matte-black CRKT ankle knife, a single flawless piece of steel in its black plastic-and-mesh sheath, bearing the inscription \"For Sunday best.— Richie.\" And, being well away from the dastardly knife-swallowing Atlantic, she'd managed in these sixteen sun-bound months not to lose it. She still had a grip on it— but now the handle was slippery with blood. Pinbacker— even he'd been in on the joke, years back, eight of them or better: he'd asked her once, half smiling, wholly concerned, how she expected to do battle with the terrors of the deep armed only with the kind of knife you could buy by the bucketful at a hardware store— now Pinbacker— then Daniel, then Dan, then hers, now a nightmare— took her by the jaw and the back of the head-- -- and their eyes met. Maybe he hesitated. Maybe he didn't. Maybe the extra second had always been hers-- In that second, Whitby slammed the blade of the knife into his left temple. A cracking sound. Like bone puncturing. Or time splitting. Pinbacker froze. He focused on her, hard, blinked as though confused-- And toppled to the deck, taking her with him.[Chapter 2] She lay for a long moment with Pinbacker, more dead than stunned. Then she got up. For a time she'd thought they might be able to pilot the Icarus from the pod. Now that possibility was gone. She pulled her bloody self upright at the ruined control panel, saw nothing in the engine displays. All the monitors— not just the one Pinbacker had punched through— were black. She said: \" Icarus , compute time to engine failure.\" Please clarify, Whitby. She was shaking so hard she could barely stand. Play stupid, would you, you worthless bitch . \" Icarus , when will the engines explode?\" If temperature increase remains steady, ship's main engines will explode in eighteen minutes, twenty-six seconds. His concession to the homicidal presence onboard: he was facing the hatch as he worked. Capa was kneeling on the catwalk in the geometric darkness of the bomb housing, feeding new numbers to his field unit, patched, as it was, into the computer systems aboard the pod, when Whitby's voice spoke from his comm link: Robert? She never called him that except to put him in his place age-wise: her way of making him a sort of baby brother, he thought, of patronizing him. But her voice now sounded odd— tired or afraid— \"Yes, Whitby?\" Can you be ready to go in fourteen minutes? She didn't want explanations. He could hear that. He thought of the lines of code he'd just entered, that quickly, to reschedule the deployment of the payload. He thought for the barest of seconds of telling her \"No.\" Then he re-registered the tone of her voice— she'd not be asking if it weren't absolutely, coldly, desperately essential — and he said: \"Yes, I can.\" Do it, then. Whitby out— The channel went dead. He'd learned to tell. He said: \" Icarus ?\" Nothing. He didn't bother calling for Whitby or the others. He started the lap timer on his watch— t minus fourteen minutes— and went back to work. He hadn't heard the scream. Whitby had. Right before the comms cut out, right after the ship's primary lighting flickered, flared, and died. Before the emergency lighting could kick in, she was out of the engine room and making her way forward. In the long months they'd been aboard the Icarus II , even before she'd begun to re-read her literature files, even before she'd tired of her vid library and workouts, she'd taught herself to walk the Icarus blind. She'd measured and memorized all the ship's distances in carefully counted paces: the skill of a wreck diver, who must know every twisting exit in the zero visibility of silty water. As a result, she could find her way to or from any point onboard in pitch blackness. So now, as minute fourteen eroded to minute thirteen, in complete darkness, she was heading for Comms or the mainframe room, toward the origin of the first scream and the screams and shouts now following. She was moving quickly and calmly, blackness being the same the solar system over. She might have been in cold deep water back home. And, moving, she no longer had to think of the horror lying on the engine room floor. A new horror lay ahead. Roughly two minutes earlier, Mace had looked through the reinforced glass into the aquarium of coolant housing the ship's mainframes and thought— later it would seem stupid— Which is why you never slap a band-aid on the computer . He and Trey had just finished loading their last tankful of oxygen to the systems that would supply the pod's recyclers; Mace had just pulled himself from the hatch accessing the trans-bulkhead interface between the Icarus and the pod. Trey offered him a hand up, and he took it gratefully, breathless in the increasingly airless air. They'd exit via the mainframe room, it being nearer to the flight deck than Comms, which they'd traversed bringing the air from the ship's forward areas to the pod interface; Trey went first, and as he passed the coolant tank, nearly two meters tall as it was, he'd bumped up against something— \"What's this?\" He stopped; Mace stopped, too. In that second, as they both saw in the dim light of the mainframe room the wires strung like a web in the air before them, Mace heard a splash from the coolant tank. He looked, his eyes following too the path of the wires; he saw where they ran— to a gray plastic box roughly one foot square, open at its top at the edge of the coolant tank and now tipped, at the wires' tug, on its side; he saw, sinking into the clear blue of the coolant, maybe a dozen thick squares of Handipatch. \"Shit,\" he breathed. Why you never slap a band-aid on the computer. Or, perhaps less cryptically, what came of having too many unassociated contractors providing parts and systems for your multi-billion-dollar spaceship. Obviously, the 5M Corporation had never intended for Handipatch to be anything other than a highly useful and effective quick-fix, just as Macrosoft Universal had formulated Supercool to keep the ship's computer systems insulated and functioning at peak efficiency. Together, Handipatch and Supercool made a bomb. As simple as that. The catalyst in the 'patch acted as an accelerant in the liquid; the liquid superheated in seconds; the mixture exploded. Mace had seen vids of the process in experiments matching maybe an inch of 'patch with a cup of 'cool. Experiments requiring the use of robot arms and heavy cladding. A potential disaster easy enough to avoid, nonetheless: you simply never put Handipatch anywhere near Supercool. And, to remind yourself, you kept in your head a joking mantra: Why you never slap a band-aid on the computer. \"Move—!\" he shouted. He shoved Trey toward the hatchway leading out. Already the coolant was bubbling— it was as though it were catching fire, and Mace could hear that fire hissing, drawing air to itself— and going from ice-blue to a boiling red— — and Trey, twisting his head to look at the tank, spun into the web of wires, stumbled sideways, and got caught— — as the tank shattered. Mace had grabbed him even as Trey stumbled; he dove for the exit with Trey's left wrist gripped hard in his hand; and as he and Trey cleared the hatch just ahead of a hurricane of glass and lava-like liquid and sharp chunks of mainframe, the fire shutter shot across the hatch frame, the bloody thing cued to any sudden changes in temperature around the mainframe and moving almost as fast as thought, and trapped Trey's right arm just below the shoulder. Inside the mainframe room, flaming coolant splattered Trey's trapped arm. His shirt ignited, and Trey screamed. Whitby was there thirty seconds later; seconds after that she had the pry bar from the emergency cabinet off Comms, and she was bracing Trey away from the hatch as best as she was able, while Trey shouted in agony and panic inches from her face and Mace wedged the bar between the fire shutter and the hatch frame and pushed and the three of them stood in a blistering haze of heat. The shutter surrendered maybe two inches of space, and Whitby pulled Trey free. Mace dropped the bar; the shutter snapped shut. Whitby had Trey on the deck, beating the flames off his arm and shoulder; Mace pulled off his shirt and dropped to his knees and wrapped the shirt around Trey's arm and held on while Trey flailed and howled and the flames snuffed out. The emergency lighting had come on. Mace hadn't even noticed. He knelt by Trey, now shuddering and hitching and whimpering in pain on the deck, his right arm and shoulder smoking and horrifically charred, and glanced across at Whitby: \"Let's get him to—\" He stopped. She was covered in blood. \"We have roughly eleven minutes to get clear,\" Whitby said. \"The engines are going to explode.\" Mace didn't bother asking how she knew this. He and she had dragged Trey to the pod, and now they were trying to get a shot of painkiller into him while horrible thoughts flashed through Mace's mind: She's covered in blood. She was alone with Corazon and the engines and the mainframe and now— Just fucking ask. He jabbed the autoshot against Trey's left forearm, and while Trey's thrashing became weaker and slower he looked Whitby in the eye. \"Did you sabotage the mission?\" \" Fuck , Mace— Christ. Jesus Christ, no.\" She stared at him, stricken. She started to shake: he saw it move from her sternum out. She looked away, her eyes filling with tears— \"Loinnir—\" He reached for her. She avoided his hand, straightening herself away from him and Trey. She scowled and pulled her right palm savagely across her bloody cheek and said: \"I'll fetch Robert. You mind Trey and yourself. Pod's leaving in nine minutes.\" A concession, a diver's skills or no: before she left the pod, she took a flashlight from the equipment box near what would be their outer hatch. She looked forward, out toward Comms, through blackness, flickering blue emergency lighting, flashes of fire, and brown acrid smoke, and thought she might as well be on a wreck in hell with her air too far gone. She said nothing else to Mace, no take care or see you soon , no stupid declaration. She just started out, toward the far end of the ship, toward the launch platform, the bomb, and Capa. Capa had continued to prep for deployment of the payload. He'd continued, calmly. He'd thought without his mind at all straying from its equations, code, and numbers that his body must be adjusting to the thinner air. It was becoming easier to breathe. He felt his fingers move on the keyboard of the mobile unit while he watched the display, felt his mind transmitting data to those fingers effortlessly, felt calm. As though he were watching himself work. Beyond the hatch of the bomb housing, the main lighting aboard the Icarus flickered and died. He hardly noticed: he had his own lamp beside him on the catwalk, and, really, light was unnecessary at this point anyway. His brain and hands knew the launch procedure; they didn't need to see. He felt calm. He felt— began to feel— Again, behind him, the main lighting aboard the Icarus flickered and died. He noticed it more this time, a product of repetition: he looked toward the hatch, and he felt— — as though he were watching himself work. He focused on the hatch. His head was full of data, and his fingers moved on the keyboard of the mobile unit. He began to feel— — not an increase in gravity, not exactly. More as if— — he set coordinates— — he were falling into himself. He saw— and he felt his eyes widen in a skull— widen in his skull— — the sequence begin. Stars rained from above him, and— — he was inside the bomb housing, this much closer to the sun. He looked ahead, down the catwalk, and he saw— — himself, setting coordinates, as he himself— — felt himself falling into himself as he entered the final coordinates as he started the countdown as he saw the numbers on the display running down x minutes to ignition and deployment x minutes to detonation as he— — saw, no widening of eyes but in wonder, stars high above, one and two and three of them, slowly raining from the distant dark ceiling as he— — watched himself watching himself stand and turn— — re-turn — — turn to the hatch back to the Icarus , but it had to be all of him or none, and one of him thought— — stay . As he saw himself as he'd been twenty minutes ago or fifteen or ten, coming through the hatch, coming closer, as he saw himself setting up the mobile unit, saw himself setting— — coordinates in a raining of stars. Whitby came through the hatch, the passage behind her dark, one of her only, and her shirt and arms and face were red with— — \"Robert, are we good to go?\" she asked, and he asked her in return: \"Can't you see it?\"— — the stars in a downpour now, and it was so beautiful he couldn't breathe for the beauty of it— — only he wasn't the one she was asking. She asked him as the stars begin to rain down in ones and twos and threes: \"Robert, are we good to go?\"— and he could— — smell the blood on her as he saw himself those feet away— — in a downpour of stars, smiling— — and he said to the woman in blood— — she had him by the arm, her grip hard enough to hurt him— — to anchor him, this one him — — who said, \"Yes,\" and came away with her as she pulled him hard down the catwalk, through the hatch— — this much closer to the sun. She didn't go back for the others— it was as though she didn't see them— him — and the last thing he saw behind himself, this one self, through the gangway separating the bomb housing from the ship, before the hatch closed and sealed and the red-covered woman dragged him into a panting desperate run, was— — Robert Capa, standing in a downpour of stars. Mace met them in the final meters, as Whitby and Capa emerged from the darkness and smoke. While the temperature in the pod was stable, implying that the flight deck had been successfully sealed unto itself, the passage to Comms was starting to heat up; likely the fire from the mainframe had managed to move inside the ship's bulkheads. An understatement, certainly: they had to leave. He ran out into the corridor and caught Capa's free arm while Whitby dragged Capa by the other. At a glance, Capa was unhurt, but he seemed blank-eyed and stunned. \"What happened to him?\" Mace asked. \"I don't know,\" Whitby panted hoarsely. \"Countdown's running. Close the hatch.\" She released Capa, who slumped to the deck when Mace released him, too, and stumbled for the pilot's seat as Mace hauled at the heavy emergency door that would now be their outer airlock hatch; he had it halfway closed when he heard something— — a hiss or a whisper, something like a woman's voice— he'd been short of oxygen and overloaded on adrenaline for far too long— something like his name: Mace . He leaned out through the gap remaining before the hatch swung shut, and he saw a figure standing in the smoke and shadow outside Comms. \"Corrie—?\" he said. And the hiss became a crackling that was no longer anything like his name, and an electrical panel near the left side of his head burst from the bulkhead with a roaring bark and a flash of flame as bright as molten steel, as bright as Searle's sun filtered through the window in the observation lounge— — only four-percent intensity, and the retinas smolder — — and Mace's head and shirtless shoulders were right in the path of this bright new fire. He grabbed at his searing face, shouting and then screaming. Whitby was up, horrified, from the controls. Mace, stumbling backward, fell into her; she shoved him aside, pulled the outer hatch closed. Flames pinched off like cut tentacles and turned to tendrils of smoke in the pod's air. \"Mace—\" She reached for him; he was flailing; he knocked her hands away. His face was transformed. Gore and blisters, his hair smoldering, his eyebrows gone— \"Mace—!\" Whitby shouted. He froze. He stood for a moment, shaking as though with sobs. Then he slumped back against the bulkhead. \"I can't see,\" he said, thickly. She tried not to look at his glazed eyes, his burned lids. \"Sit down. We need to go.\" \"Okay.\" They left. Four minutes later, they were at a distance the designers of the Icarus II would have designated \"safe.\" They weren't. Whitby heard the heat whispering and hissing between the multiple layers of the pod's form-tight bulkhead shields— \"micro-heat-sink redundant\" or some other brand of bullshit they were, experimental tech too risky and too expensive for the ship as a whole but in the eyes of the lifepod's designers perfectly suited to a life-or-death field test of sheer desperation— and she fought the urge to scream or vomit. Trey was groaning from his haze of meds. Mace was sitting against the bulkhead near the inner hatch, crying harshly. Capa was silent. He was breathing slowly, lying where he'd fallen, and his eyes were open. Maybe six minutes after that, two things happened, the first overshadowed— or overshone— by the second: Whitby had underestimated the time remaining to them aboard ship: only now did the Icarus II self-destruct when her primary engines exploded. And fresh clean light washed from the screen showing the view of the sun. Whitby looked at it, then looked away. They'd succeeded. Or Capa had. Whitby only felt numb. She checked their flight trajectory and went to help Mace. She brought a medical kit and knelt beside him. Mace was sitting against the bulkhead, his legs straight out, shaking. His unseeing eyes were dull and unfocused; his face was a horror. \"Mace, can you hear me?\" \"Yeah.\" \"I'm going to fix you up, okay?\" \"Okay.\" The word slurred; he was halfway to shock. \"Did it work?\" \"Yeah.\" \"That's good.\" He smiled, shuddered as the exposed nerves in his face pulled tight. \"Cass—\" Cassidy. The mission's pilot before Whitby replaced her. Thoughtful, competent, loyal, sweet Cassidy, who'd chosen to stay on the dying Earth for reasons that Whitby would sooner die to keep concealed rather than see those reasons hurt Mace now. She tapped the air from an autoshot of painkiller. \"She's not here, Mace.\" He flinched as the needle broke his skin, likely more from the coolness of the metal than from the tiny point of pain. As she began, gently, to tend to his face, as his breathing slowed and grew heavy from the meds, he asked: \"Who are you?\" She hesitated. Maybe part of her had died on the Icarus . Maybe she was ashamed of her survival, new and painful and raw as it was. \"I'm the pilot,\" she said. THE END ","Summary":" SPLIT He was terrified and ashamed, and he was trying to hide it. Whitby saw it in the set of Capa'"},{"Movie":"Psycho","Title":"A Boy's Best Friend","Author":"Anybodys","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10945973","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The first time Norman Bates ever saw a woman naked, completely free of any sort of restrictive clothing, he was no more than twelve years old. It was the age where the boys at the schoolhouse, although always sneering, always bullheaded, decided they couldn't let any male peer get behind, no matter how queer, and by doing so, effectively wrapped him into the realms of adulthood. He was gangly, around five foot five by then, hair always escaping the nice form his mother sculpted for him. The large, awkward hands of his came to his face as he saw the pictures - girls with plump thighs and snowy breasts, lips crimson and eye sultry, stroking, teasing, water cascading down around them from the comforts of their home or from somewhere else exotic. All of them seemed to be piercing his gaze with their own, each one edging him on to some challenge he couldn't decipher. His face became uncomfortably warm. \"C'mon Norman, stop being a puss.\" I'm not, he attempted to choke out, but his words were blocked by that constant fear that his mother was always watching. \"Put it away,\" he murmured. \"What?\" Cheeks burning, mind reeling, he slinked off. \"He's nuttin' but a mama's boy!\" Definitely not the worst thing they ever called him, but he grimaced and went back inside the building. Recess was terrible anyway. Norman walked home everyday after school, scuffing his feet against the dusty roads, creating clouds that couldn't withstand the wind. They clung to his pants, the one of two pairs he always wore. He always received flack for it, but it was mesmerizing to watch. It was a lengthy walk, but one he enjoyed nonetheless, abruptly ended by the voice of his mother and the rustling of his jacket being hung next to the entrance. Rarely she'd ask him anything; sometimes she'd be scolding him for something; often she'd stay quiet until supper was ready. His fingers ran across the keys of the piano in their sitting room. It held itself with a proud posture that he knew only came with age, and as it still dropped in certain areas, it was easy to guess its antiquity. Gently his fingertips pressed onto the whites and the blacks, picking out a silly song the children at school adored singing, and then another about stars and animals, until the shrill tone of his mother rolled through the room. \"Norman! Dinner!\" He stuffed his hands into his pocket and made his way to the kitchen. \"Quit slouching,\" she said as he stopped in the doorway. \"It's bad for you.\" His shoulders flexed back, and then he made his way to the seat he always sat in: a rickety, oak chair that squeaked when he put his weight on it. A plate of food was set in front of him. It wasn't until halfway through the meal did he glance at the refrigerator, or make an attempt at speaking with his mother, who had been talking somewhat to herself since they began eating. \"The boys at school brought dirty pictures,\" he said quietly. Her posture stiffened. \"And?\" He shrugged. \"I don't know, the boys brought dirty pictures.\" \"Did they get caught?\" \"No.\" \"How'd you know about them? Did you look at them?\" \"No.\" \"Then how'd you know?\" \"I could hear them talking.\" She stuck her fork into the beans on her plate. It wasn't angry, like it could have been, but not gentle, like it very rarely ever was, and she folded her hands beneath her chin and searched him with her eyes, scanning for any deceit in his words. \"Don't be looking at naked women, Norman. They're ghastly.\" \"I won't, Mother.\" She leaned back in her chair and resumed eating again. Norman flexed his fingers and waited for her to finish. He knew by now how humans worked. Although he hadn't performed any dances of seduction and passionate romance, the general understanding was there. Those bare ladies were supposed to excite men, arouse them in an unholy way. Thinking back on them now he only felt slightly flustered, and even more intrigued. It was 8:30, and his mother was preparing for bed. She never took her baths in the morning - something about the air, he never could grasp onto her reasoning - and she sat in the bathroom by herself, ignoring his trudging steps around the door. The thought occurred to him that his mother was now as exposed as the women he had seen earlier. He hesitated near the door of the bathroom, checking that any sort of camera was absent, because after all, she could have been one of them. Although it had been a decade since the photo on the wall near the kitchen was taken, it was a lie to say she wasn't handsome at one point of her life. She'd changed ever since her husband died, but finding a widow who hadn't was a nearly impossible search. His nose twitched. Why, his father - his father had seen her without any clothing on. His knuckles flexed. She had let him see her, and it was okay since they were acknowledged as a valid couple with no sort of moral consequences pursuing them, but the thought- Sprawling fingers grasped the handle of the door. He jumped a moment later as her voice called to him. \"Norman? Norman, is that you?\" \"Yes, Mother,\" he only murmured, and slumped away to his room, as he wasn't in the mood for another lecture. Not today, at least.[Chapter 2] When his mother wasn't watching, he'd travel to the road that ran by their house, and if he was feeling particularly daring, he'd lay his chest in the dirt and watch car tires go whizzing by. The street was mostly vacant, only a couple of vehicles here and there making an appearance, but he closely watched them pass and wipe his eyes when they were gone. For hours he was able to do this, playing with strands of withering grass and smashing his thumb down on any ant that passed by. Sometimes he would snicker deviously as he flipped beetles over, watching their legs scramble to find some sort of surface, but before they could be slam down his palm. \"What's on your palm?\" his mother asked him one day when he had done this routine in a white shirt. She was peeved enough that the moon fabric was stained with clumps of a dull, tan color. \"I smushed seven beetles and fifteen ants.\" \"You nasty little boy,\" she told him, but it was almost light-hearted for her. She made a plate of sandwiches for him that afternoon, which he eagerly consumed after he washed his hands and took a scolding from his mother about his shirt. \"Lordy, you look more like your father everyday,\" she said. He could never tell how she felt about his father, since she never talked about him and when she did, there was always a faint hint of disgust in the edges of her faces but a faint light of adoration tucked somewhere in her eyes. It wasn't as if he'd ever been good at reading people anyway. \"Come here, boy,\" she commanded, and he scurried over to her. She ruffled his hair, complaining about the wind always ruining it, and then ran her finger down his cheeks to remove any streaks of dust still there. \"There, that's acceptable,\" she said, and he knew that was her way of saying, \"I love you.\" Or at least that was how he had interpreted it, since he never really heard those words ever verbalized, but as he crossed up the stairs, he acknowledged that he had a habit of always saying it back. \"Norman!\" He sprinted inside the house, cheeks flushed as he slightly panted, eyes glimmering as he stopped in front if the kitchen window. \"Yes, Mother?\" \"What are you doing outside?\" \"Mrs. Knolls' cat somehow ended up in our yard, so I was petting-\" \"Don't do that, it's probably diseased.\" His smile wavered. \"Okay.\" \"Come inside now, we have a guest coming over.\" His eyebrows furrowed at the news. She hated having any sort of company, and wouldn't even let him talk to anyone himself because of her aversion to people, but he never minded it much. Mother was all he needed. \"A boy's best friend is his mother,\" she told him day after day when he used to question why he couldn't talk to the other boys and girls when they all had best friends. Ever since then his alienation didn't seem so different anymore. \"Who's coming over?\" \"Never mind that, get yourself cleaned up.\" He followed her orders and went upstairs, combing his hair and washing off his hands and face, before bouncing back down the steps and meeting his mother in the kitchen. \"He'll be here anytime, so sit down and be good.\" \"Yes, Mother.\" Norman shoved his hands into his pockets and sat down in a large mahogany chair that had rarely been used since the death of his father. He slumped down, watching the hands on the clock, quickly following his mother's orders for correct posture but then relaxing again a minute later. The period of waiting that followed was an agitated one, unending and uneventful, much like the rest of Norman's experiences, only now he wasn't allowed to run and jump like he otherwise would of. Instead, he flexed his fingers and watched the bones of his hand flex underneath his skin. Teal veals weaved their around his arm, much like rivers flowing to a sea they couldn't quite fine. An inkling of curiosity plagued him as he wondered what it would be like to cut one open. There was a knock, followed by the door creaking open. Norman quickly leaped to his feet and brushed off the front of his shirt. A man's voice murmured something to his mother, causing him to shift uncomfortably on his feet. He barely could remember a time when he could hear someone else that wasn't his mother. His face was fuzzy, his posture half-forgotten, almost as if he had dreamed of his man a decade before, but there still was something uneasy about this other man being here. It wasn't his father, and even then, his father was hardly a welcomed memory. \"Norman, this is Chet.\" Norman only blinked at him. \"I've been seeing him for a while, and now it's your turn to meet him.\" He hated him already, like a sudden spark that set a untamed flame running. His back tensed, arms becoming lead bricks at his side, unwilling to greet this man. How long had he been with his mother for? The walls seemed to close in, and that man was in such an unacceptable proximity. The pure rage that seethed inside the lowest pit of his stomach was enough to keep him from opening his mouth at all and ignore the glares he got from his mother when he didn't answer Chet's questions. \"Don't mind him, he's always been odd,\" his mother told their guest, but Norman only clenched his fists around his utensils tighter, glaring between the table and the two adults present. His jaw was locked, heart pounding, and he knew he was being unreasonable, he knew it could be nothing, but she betrayed him. \"May I be excused?\" \"No.\" \"Thank you,\" he mumbled, and he got to his feet. He occasionally disobeyed his mother, even though he was always reprimanded for it. \"Norman!\" The kitchen door slammed behind him, and he shuffled across the ground, through the quiet air and past the scattered trees. Maybe he could give him a chance, if his mother wanted him too, but it would be challenging. Not when she was his only friend. That gray cat was there again, meowing as Norman neared him, staring at him with sienna eyes and nuzzling against his legs. He blinked down at it. The cat had veins, the same sort of thing he observed earlier, and if he could find the right tool, he could try and split them, see what would happen to this animal blissfully unaware to cruel intentions of anyone else- He stopped himself. Not with that cat. Not here, not now, not with him. A bird flew overhead, chirping something chipper, and Norman became aware again of where he was and what he was doing. The veins were still there. \"You can't do that, Norman! You embarrassed me and looked like a fool!\" There was another bird, the same breed as earlier, swooping near the window, cooing a soothing song. His eyes followed it, back and forth, up and down, around and around, until - \" Norman! \" Her hand impacted with the back of his head, jolting him back to the reality he ever half-paid attention to. \"You listen to be, you ungrateful freak, if you ever run out on me again-\" His gaze shifted back to the window. \"-I'm going to make sure your sorry soul regrets ever ignoring me-\" It was still there. His heart fluttered a bit at the thought of holding one in between his hands. \"- do you understand? \" \"Yes, Mother.\" She grunted, eyes partially shut in suspicion, but adjusted her dress and backed away. \"Go get ready for bed.\" \"Okay, Mother.\" He made a goal to catch that bird sooner or later.[Chapter 3] One time when his mother actually took him outside the house, they ended inside a room, where she talked heatedly with another man, irritation riddled in both of their voices. Norman had no other choice but to glance around, and his eyes continuously came back to the stuffed birds hanging from the ceiling. \"How do you do that?\" he asked without realizing he was interrupting the conversation his mother was having. \"Do what?\" the man responded. \"The birds.\" \"It's taxidermy, boy.\" It captivated him enough that he decided to learn how to do just that. There was a rather elegant look to them, as if they were just as carefree in death as they were life. They weren't frightening like other animals; they were just birds. His mother never attempted to stop him, because learning about taxidermy kept Norman from laying in the dirt or throwing rocks at trees and the sides of the house, and although she often called him queer for it, he did it anyway. It was no different from the other things she called him. The man his mother was now seeing kept coming back, and everytime he returned Norman could feel something uncomfortable tightening in the pit of his stomach, so he retreated outside, where the birds continued swooping and all was quiet. Cars zoomed past, and he watched them in silence before following the flight of the birds again until it got so dark his eyes strained to see the creatures that were no longer there. \"Why are you so obsessed with those birds?\" his mother asked him one day. \"I like watching them fly.\" \"You strange little boy,\" his mother clicked. She wagged her head at him. \"You peculiar little boy, why can't you do something normal?\" \"Other boys look a-at women.\" He cleared his throat as she shook her head harder. \"No, Norman, they might do that, but they also don't chase after birds as if they had nothing better to do.\" I don't , he was about to say, but his mother would smack him for indirectly insulting her ability to entertain him, especially not when there was so much he could do around the house. The next day he took to cleaning the windows. His bird was still there. When that man came back, Norman took to nestling himself into the chair in front of his fireplace and opening a large book, all about stuffing things, and tried his best to block out the sounds of their voices. Normally his mother wasn't so talkative, and now she seemed almost smitten at moments, and a strange pounding in his ears would occur when he noticed it, until he was shaking. It wouldn't stop until the man left, and finally, he'd relax when his mother flipped around and shooed him up the stairs for being a bore again. \"He doesn't like you very much,\" she told him one night. \"I don't like him very much.\" \"Excuse me?\" He was accustomed to his mother's slaps by now. It barely made him blink. \"What are you reading, Norman?\" The boys were back, and it did no good trying to avoid their questions anymore. \"Taxidermy.\" \"Taxidermy? Tommy, isn't that what your dad does?\" \"Yeah. Why are you reading about taxidermy? Are you a hunter or something?\" Norman shook his head. \"Then why are you reading about taxidermy?\" \"I think it's interesting,\" Norman answered. \"But why?\" \"I don't know,\" he said softly, \"I would like to stuff birds.\" \"But you don't hunt?\" \"No.\" One of the boys laughed. \"It's just Norman being weird again guys, nothing interesting here.\" Norman shuffled home with this books in his arms, the one on taxidermy right on top, and he sprinted across the street when there were no cars coming, until at last, he was home. His mother was waiting there for him in the kitchen. \"Come here, Norman.\" He went over to her. \"I'm building a motel.\" Norman blinked at her. \"What?\" \"I'm building a motel.\" \"Why?\" \"Chet said I should.\" There was that tension in his chest again, warming his body and making his fingertips and feet tingle. \"With what?\" \"Your father's money.\" She was using his father's money for another man's plans? It hardly seemed right, he was supposed to be the only man in his mother's life, even if he wasn't fully grown yet, but she had gone and found another anyway. He licked his lips. \"Why do you want to do that?\" \"Why are you in any position to question me?\" Her voice raised. \"Who's the parent? You're always so disrespectful!\" \"I'm sorry, ma'am,\" he mumbled, dropping his eyes to the ground. His fingers clenched around his taxidermy book. Of course he was over that night, after she hassled Norman to groom himself more, and she pushed him into a chair for dinner and ignored any attempts to discuss the matters of the motel. \"He loves it,\" she told this man Norman despised, and Norman bitterly stabbed his fork into a Brussel sprout, for which she scolded him for. When he was done, he ran outside again, although it was getting dark, and the wind nipped harshly at his ears, but he didn't care. He didn't care about anything except what his mother was doing, without his permission, without his agreement, that she cared more about another man than her own son. The bird was there again, even though it was so late, and he knew it was time. Without thinking, he grabbed a rock nearby, picked it up, and threw it. And then it was another, and another, until the rocks were smashing into something he had lusted after for weeks, until it was as motionless as those animals suspended from wire in that building, until his chest was heaving and the fog in his mind slowly rolled away. \" Norman! \" He stepped away from the bird. It was dead. \"What the hell did you do?\" \"I… I only wanted to stuff it…\"[Chapter 4] The pictures the boys studied inside their school books were getting raunchier. Norman's ears would get warm as they nudged each other and displayed their treasure. \"Norman's a pussy,\" they'd laugh. He hid behind his taxidermy book. His mother was distracted more and more by the man she was seeing, especially since construction of the motel had started. She stopped caring what he did, or at least, didn't care as much. On good days, she'd let him have some money, and he's run down to a drug store and then to another and another, trying to find the chemicals his book described. \"What're you up to, Norman?\" one clerk asked one day. \"Taxidermy.\" \"Taxidermy? Bit queer, don't you think?\" \"I like it.\" He paid for his things and left without saying anything else. All he needed was a bird now, but he was rather unsure where to get one. The boys at school, although approaching the age where some just dropped out altogether, frequently went hunting. When they weren't chanting their normal taunts, he approached them. \"I hear you're building a motel,\" one said as he neared them with his hands stuffed in his pockets. \"Yeah, but that's not what I really want to-\" \"What do you want then?\" He licked his lips. \"A bird. A dead bird I mean, one t-to stuff.\" The other boy blinked. \"A dead bird?\" \"Just one. That's all, just one. You shoot birds, don't you?\" \"I do, but...\" He narrowed his eyelids. \"Why should I give you one?\" \"I... don't know.\" He jabbed his tongue into the side of his cheek. \"You're rich, right?\" \"I don't consider myself-\" \"But you got enough money to build a motel.\" The boy glanced at his friend. \"Tell you what, you give me ten dollars, and I'll get you a bird.\" Norman's eyes widened. \"Ten?\" \"Take it or leave it.\" After a few seconds of tense silence, he sighed. \"Fine.\" He left the boys there. There was a box in his mother's room, ornately decorated as the rest of her area was, with silver hands so intricate sculpted that they seemed almost lifelike at times. Her fingers, still soft even after all these years, would rest upon it, her hand crouched like a dog about to attack, and no matter how many times he asked, she'd never tell him what was inside. When she was reading in the sitting room one day, Norman saw it was his time to dart up the stairs and into her room. He was touching the Ark of the Covenant, hesitant as he reached out for it, knowing he could suffer instant chastisement for even daring to touch it, but after a decade passed of his feet being planted firmly against the floor and no disturbance from his mother, he knew he could grab it. Out of the many things that could have been stored there, and the few it was supposed to hold, Norman only found two: a string of pearls that hadn't seen the light of day for the entirety of his life, and a pile of money. Quickly he fled the scene, hurrying down the steps to distance himself from what from he had committed, until his mother cleared her throat and he stopped on the bottom stair. \"What's the hurry, Norman?\" \"Nothing, Mother.\" \"What were you doing?\" \"Looking through my bookshelf.\" His jaw twitched in the way he did when he was fibbing, and his mother knew it as well as he did. She slapped him. \"Don't lie to me, boy,\" she growled. \"I provide this life for you, and you disrespect me like that?\" \"I'm sorry, Mother.\" \"No you're not.\" \"I'm sorry, Mother, I really am...\" It had been six years since, and although she never quite figured out what he did, it she never made it harder to go in there. He knew exactly where to get ten dollars. Chet didn't stay too late that night, allowing his mother more time to spoil herself before she went to bed, but less time for Norman to sneak into her room. He waited in the sitting room, daring enough to go over to the piano (\"Quiet, Norman! I have a pounding headache.\") and quietly pecked the keys as he waited for the perfect moment. As she washed the plates in the kitchen, he shut the cover over the piano keys and got to his feet. \"I'm going to my room,\" he said. \"What for?\" \"I want to listen to my records.\" He climbed the stairs, one hand gripping the railing, the other in his pocket like always, and soon he found himself in front of her room. Hesitantly his gaze shifted to the landing, hidden from view, but her silhouette was absent. The door swung open, and, like a cat, he entered. It didn't take him long to go over and take what he needed, and he hurried out again, to his room where he threw a record on. Bach played, the regal sound of the organs covering the sound of his heart hammering, and then masking the creaking of the stairs as his mother climbed them. He left his room as her footsteps stopped. She wasn't in the hall anymore, nor her bedroom. The only thin strip of light came from the bathroom. Of course, it was time for her daily bath, and Norman creeped closer to the door, only slightly ajar. Water was running, but he was unsure of whether or not she was in there yet. He placed his eye against the crack of the door. It was like those pictures, Norman realized, as his mother's robe fluttered against the floor. She let her hair cascade down her back after pulling out the pin that held her bun together. He could only see her back, only see how her body curved, and although she wasn't as picturesque as pin-up girls, there was still something enticing. A few moments later, she turned, revealing the side of her body, causing Norman's eyes to widen as his ears pounded. Shaky hands pushed against the wall to keep him steady. He didn't dare look away. So this is what is was like, away from pictures, away from dirty stories. It became harder to breathe as droplets of water caressed her skin, soap suds providing meager coverage. There was no modesty here. Norman moved away after some time, heart racing as he ran back to his room and slammed the door behind him. Quickly, he unbuttoned his pants, flopped down on his bed, and bit down on his finger to keep from groaning. Relief came soon.[Chapter 5] The birds were captivating, as beautiful in death as they were in life, once Norman had stuffed them. Otherwise, they were limp and lifeless, causing him to feel a slight unease when they lay in his hands, but getting to work and making them appear almost lifelike again was rewarding. He smiled at his work, more pleased with every bird he stuffed, and ignored his mother. \"Quit stuffing those damn birds,\" she told him, but she'd disappear with her boyfriend and Norman would play a record until he couldn't hear them anymore. His hands took a few minutes to become calm enough to hold a needle and thread. They were the steadiest they ever were when he sewed them shut, but he always had to keep his handiwork to himself. No one appreciated taxidermy much. One night, his mother vanished again with that man, and he pretended that their sighs were the wind and his vision was shaking because he was just tired, and he wondered if a human would be just as breathtaking as those birds once stuffed, if they could be restored to the same level of divineness they might have owned in life, and his hands itched to try it but there was nothing to try with. He tried to make himself fall asleep. The wind was just too loud. And he thought about his mother in those lonely nights when she was trapped in between the walls with him but could be found nowhere, and what she was doing and what she had done, and what it felt like to run a hand down her thigh and taste her lips, until his face was red with embarrassment. He was unable to keep himself from enjoying it, and he wondered if it was so sinful after all. They never stopped. Months had passed, and he grew a few inches more, until now his head was almost past his mother's, and his frame was even more gangly than ever. Even though her lover came around more and more, his aggravation towards him never became any less. Anytime he was over, he'd eat dinner with them, respectfully and diligently (because his mother's threats had always been enough to whip him into shape, if only for a bit), and then he would slink off upstairs, watching them without their knowledge as they moved into the sitting room. Their conversations always turned into heated whispers, and then Norman had to scurry away to his room to avoid being caught, and then the typical cycle of using Beethoven to block out the sound of restless bedsprings started again. It was no different any night - well, except for the times their heated whispers turned into slamming doors, but he'd come back the next night and the normal routine commenced again - and although Norman was still annoyed, he was accustomed to it. That night he jogged upstairs again, sticking his legs through the bars of the railing and pressing his face to them so he could have a good view of his mother and the other man. To quell any bitter thoughts that came to him, he picked at the dry skin around his fingers, and think about the bird he planned to stuff next, until he was forced to flee to his room and do just that. Norman was not expecting, however, for the sudden twist in his mother's usual conversation, when Chet nodded his head and told her, \"I think I could say I love you.\" What a stupid thing to say, Norman thought instantly, and he expected his mother to react the same way, but she melted in his hands again, like the wax Norman used to watch pool in the candle holder on the mantle. Of course, inside and outside of her bedroom that bastard had a hold of her. Norman clutched onto the railing, vision shaking again as he eyed the man maliciously. He retracted his legs a moment later, retreated to his bedroom, and didn't care if she could hear his door slam. The birds were waiting for him. His fingers were the only thing in command. No one had ever attempted calling Norman a people's person, because the matter of fact was that he was not. \"He's strange,\" he heard his mother say in the kitchen one day as he sat out of view. \"He's a strange boy. I sometimes wonder if he'll ever need locked up.\" \"Surely you don't mean that.\" \"You don't know him well enough. I think he doesn't like you much.\" \"Norma-\" \"Don't worry about him, he's strange.\" And Norman sat, nodding his head in small movements, pulling at his fingers until his knuckle popped and he ran away again. \"Was that him?\" There was a pause as Norman made it to the bathroom door. \"I told you, he's strange. Doesn't like people very much.\" He turned the shower head on and looked up into it, flinching when a few drops of water hit the side of his face. There came a few hard knocks on the door a minute later. \"Norman, what are you doing in there?\" \"Showering.\" \"Why are you showering right now?\" It was the only piece of total privacy he had from his mother. If he retreated to his room, she could always come in, and in the days before she had that boyfriend, she could run her fingers up the inside of his thigh while her other hand caressed his cheek. She loved him, he just knew she loved him. Ever since that man came into the picture, she stopped showing that she loved him. He doused his hair, and her words drowned in the roar of water. Strange, he was strange. He always knew that; she always said he was, and so did the boys at school, and so did his teachers. He was odd, an outsider to the rest of society. The shower head turned off, he dried his hair, and when he left the bathroom, his mother was down with her boyfriend again, where their talking of what color the cabins should be became silent. The familiar sound of smacking lips replaced the word \"yellow.\"[Chapter 6] A brief interlude. Norma Bates was not always hard-hearted and cruel, and the last person to ever say she was those things was, of course, her son. She was a reflection on events that happened and a world that did not always agree, and Norman loved her very, very much. There were times when she came to him like an angel, looking ethereal in the light that came in through the parlor window when she read on summer evenings. When he was younger, Norma took him on picnics, and the wind would ruffle her hair and the sun rays would catch in her eyes, illuminating her face in a magnificent way he could never explain nor never saw in anyone else. Other days, when something went better than she had hoped and sleep began settling in, she played a record and hummed to herself, and when she saw Norman she sang softly to him in a voice he believed belonged in the song. Gently, she'd ruffle his hair and send him off to bed, and all through the night he dreamed of her loveliness in those quiet moments when she didn't have to be harsh in the face of the rest of the world, or in the face of his own incompetence. In the mornings she had her regular schedule to get ready. It had become considerably simpler ever since she was widowed, but even then, it didn't stop her from shooing him away since she was indecent, but any frustration then would resolve by night when maybe she would kiss his forehead, or more likely scold him playfully. Age hardened her. His own faults hardened her. It wasn't her own character, Norman decided, it was everyone else's. She was too wonderful to him some days to be bad. Norman's mother was breathtakingly beautiful, and, most importantly, he was his and only his. ","Summary":" The first time Norman Bates ever saw a woman naked, completely free of any sort of restrictive clot"},{"Movie":"Ghost Rider","Title":"The Ghost Rider: Spirit of the Angel","Author":"Scarlett Michealson","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12867927","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Ghost Rider Spirit of The Angel Scarlett Michealson The party had barely started when they started the argument. Who was the coolest? The most dangerous? The deadliest? The most powerful? I found it to be entirely based off ego and testosterone. I sat in the corner, rolling my eyes and chuckling to myself as they one by one told their stories. One of them was a vampire. He was known for being able to read minds and he had once been a killer. I didn't think that wasn't something to brag about, but that might just have been me. Vampires were known to be arrogant and they lived entirely too long. They also looked flawless the entire time. I rolled my eyes. He was like the pretty boy from the Fraternity. Another one was a werewolf. His entire body morphed into an incredibly large wolf. I raised an eyebrow when he did it. His teeth were long and sharp, as though they had been filed. I was careful with that one. His midnight-black fur and sharp claws reminded me of a dark place... He was dangerous, and deadly. Already better than the stupid, pretty, vampire. I kinda liked the guy. His ego wasn't huge. There were other's. A girl who could become a ghost, a kid who could turn into a zombie, and a few others. They were all weird enough. And then there was me. I was human. Just sitting in the corner and watching. Eventually they noticed me, smoke my cigar, sitting in the corner. \"And who let you in, human? Since when do humans even know of our kind?\" The werewolf asked, walking up to me. I smiled as he sat down at the table and the others gathered around. \"What makes you say I'm human?\" I chuckled. The vampire's eyes turned red. \"I can smell your blood.\" He snarled. I smiled. \"So, I'm human. I know a thing or two. I'm actually waiting for my husband. He'll be here soon enough.\" I smiled. The werewolf and vampire looked at each other, as did the zombie and ghost and all the others. \"Who's your husband?\" He asked. I shrugged. \"You'll see.\" I smiled. The vampire grabbed my shirt. \"Who is your husband?\" He growled. I looked him in the eyes. \"I'm not afraid of you, Vamp. I've looked into the eyes of a real monster.\" I smiled. The werewolf pulled him off me and gave me an odd look. \"Do any of us scare you?\" He asked. I shook my head. \"No.\" I replied. He took a deep breath. \"What kind of monster have you seen?\" He asked. I chuckled. \"I haven't just seen him, I'm married to him. To me, he's not a monster. We love each other. But to all of you, well, don't say I didn't warn you.\" I replied. As they stood there, looking at me all puzzled, I heard the distant sound of an engine as it revved. I smiled and looked back at the rowdy crew. As they heard the sound, their faces turned from confusion, to fear and horror. Everyone turned and looked out the window. It had long since become dark outside, so he glowed, and seemed even brighter. When he came around the corner, the vampire and ghost were the first to back away. \"Holy...\" The vampire breathed, stumbling back. \"Who invited him?!\" The ghost gasped, looking at me. I shrugged. \"I don't know...\" The werewolf responded as he stepped back. The Rider turned and started up the driveway. When he reached the top, he stopped and parked his wicked ride: The Bike. I watched as he dismounted it and started towards the door. Everyone started shouting to lock the door, and run away. I stepped forward and put my hand on the vampire's shoulder. \"I wouldn't do that.\" I said. Everyone froze as he knocked on the door. \"Why not?\" He asked, his face was white. I smiled. \"Because he'll just burn it down. And I wouldn't run, because I guarantee he's faster. Faster than even a werewolf. \" I replied, looking in his direction. The wolf's eyes were wide. \"So what do we do?\" The ghost asked, as he knocked again, this time a little harder. \"Let me handle it.\" I smiled and I turned to answer it, but the vampire grabbed my shoulder. \"Are you crazy?! You're human! You're the weakest of all of us!\" He shouted. I pulled myself free. \"Am I?\" I replied. Everyone looked at me, and I turned and opened the door. He stood there, his skull in flames, wearing his leather jacket. He took in the room, and everyone in it. To him, he only saw the evil they held within themselves. He tried to push past me, but I blocked the door. Looking down at me, he growled slightly. I just smiled. \"Come on Rider.\" I whispered. I saw his shoulders relax. He tried one more time to get past me, but not as much as the time before and I still held him back. \"You don't need their souls.\" I whispered. He had hung his head, and now he lifted it, and our eyes met. I heard everyone in the room, hold their breaths. \"You already have mine.\" I breathed, winking. He nodded, smiling. \"Let them go for the night. They are good. They are my friends.\" I finished. He nodded. I gave him a warn look. \"I trust you.\" I whispered and I let him in. Everyone took another step back as he walked in. For a moment he stood there, in the center, looking at all of them, his head still blazing. Then he looked at me, and I put my hand on his shoulder. We all watched as the Rider melted away to reveal my true husband, Johnny. I smiled. \"Hey Everyone.\" He smiled, waving his hand a little. I saw the vampire and ghost relax. \"So you're the Ghost Rider?\" The werewolf asked. Johnny nodded. \"Yeah, I'm the Ghost Rider.\" He smiled. The tension melted away to reveal curiosity. \"How did you do that?\" The ghost asked, looking at me. I gave her a funny look. \"What do you mean?\" I asked. The vampire responded. \"How did you stop him? He's easily the most powerful one here.\" He explained. I held my head up. \"You really want to know?\" I asked. Everyone looked at one another. \"Yeah, we do.\" The Zombie laughed. Johnny took my hand in his. Closing my eyes, I took a deep breath, and then my eyes burst open, and the rest of me burst into flames. Everyone gasped, jumping back. \"Are you freaking kidding me?!\" The vampire screamed. When the fire from my hand touched Johnny's, he fired up too. After a moment of burning, I closed my eyes and cooled myself down, and then so did he. \"But how's that even possible?! None of us could sense that on you.\" The werewolf shook his head in disbelief. \"It's not actually mine. He just shared it with me, so you can't sense it on me, but on him you can.\" I replied. He nodded. \"How can you look in his eyes?\" Someone else asked. I smiled, and looked into Johnny's blue eyes. \"I sold my soul to the devil.\" Johnny started. \"And I sold my soul to Johnny.\" I smiled. The ghost raised her eyebrows. \"Why? And why would you take it?\" She asked me and him. We both chuckled. \"I did it because I wanted to be with him for the rest of our lives, so I also wanted to ride with him.\" I started. \"I did it because she asked me...and because of the Rider.\" He paused. Everyone waited, silently. \"Because the Rider loves her. He didn't burn it. He kept it. He holds it and protects it. And I think that maybe, just maybe, if she ever asked, he would give it back. She is his weakness.\" Johnny explained. The whole room was quiet. \"So even your dark side has a soft side?\" The vampire asked. He chuckled again. \"No, my dark side...is my light side. The Rider is an angel.\" He smiled and looked at me. \"I sold my soul to an angel, and gave my heart to a man.\" I started. \"I sold my soul to the devil, and gave my heart to a women.\" He continued. \"But our spirits are one, and they always ride together.\" We finished together. And suddenly we were both on fire again. Our bikes fired up and met us at the door. We jumped on and road off into the night. It's said that when you hear a Motor Cycle Engine rev at night, it's the Ghost Riders. One comes to take your soul, and the other comes to protect it. What does your soul deserve? The End... Or is it? ","Summary":" The Ghost Rider Spirit of The Angel Scarlett Michealson The party had barely started when they star"},{"Movie":"Ghost Rider","Title":"Devils Rider","Author":"TwistedMidnight","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9533447","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It's said that the West was built on legends. Tall tales that help us make sense of things too great...or too terrifying to believe. This is the legend of the Ghost Rider. Story goes that every generation has one. Some damned soul, cursed to ride the earth... ...collecting on the devil's deals. It was predicted long ago there would be one rider who would be defined as the all tamite sacrifice. On Midnight of the day Blackheart was sent to Hell the born rider born on the night he rose will be sacrificed in San Vaganza and a dagger struck in her heart will mark death and the growing strength of the prince of Hell, and when the riders blood stops flowing the Demon Blackheart will be at his most strength no one has ever seen.\" That was my story at least Allison Blazes to everyone she's dead but I and a few others know the truth is I'm her or atleast who she used to be. After the events that killed me I left my some called family adopting a new personia Blaze Simpson. Not that creative I know if you thought that was pathetic you should see what I've become. \"Blaze hurry up.\" I hear the manager call me from the back. As I walk back from the front I walk past an old guy who thinks it's smart to pinch my ass i desperately want to turn around and burn his soul but I've already been in trouble 4 times this week and my boss warned me another strike and I would be job less not like it would be much of a loss. I worked at this Crappy little resturant in Mississippi for the last 3 years ever since I've left California. This Crappy little place it smells and the pay sucks and the food also tastes like crap but it's the closest thing I got to normal when I first came here I was 16 scared and had nothing but the cloths on my back. The owners were kind enough to give me shelter, feed me and give me a Job though they had enough workers and were struggling to make ends meet shortly after I started working here they had to sell there tiny restaurant but made a deal so that I got a 3 year contract working here so I couldn't be fired but it had expired and the manager Brian had it out to fire me. Looking back at the old man I sighed keeping the rider under control looking at my hand which was Bonney and giving fire off of it slowly I tightened my hand into a fist and walked towards my now frustrated boss the dick who always tried to get into my pants. ","Summary":" It's said that the West was built on legends. Tall tales that help us make sense of things too grea"},{"Movie":"Ghost Rider","Title":"A Reporter's Punch","Author":"MovieVillain","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10416493","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I saw it all. I now know what Johnny said to me back in his apartment, and I saw him with his head turned into a skull that has fire on his head. Of course I remembered the lady I interviewed in the morning; she mentioned about a guy whose face is a skull and on fire. So, it's him, the one who saved her from that mugger from last night. Guess that explains why he forgot . All he wanted was to approach me, but suddenly, Captain Dolan, along with his men, shot him many times. I was screaming as he's going to die from this, but luckily, he didn't. Next, he made up a firewall between us, and I am in the center. I thought he's going to approach me again, but he suddenly drove away without a word. I was mad at what the captain and I'm going straight to him so I can teach him a lesson for what just happened. \"What the hell do you think you're doing, captain?!\" I screamed. \"I was just... I was just trying to protect you from that maniac,\" he replied softly. \"But he's not going to hurt me! All he wanted to approach me, but you and your men shot him!\" I called him out for his action. \"You're just lucky that he's still alive. Look what you just did. He just took off without a word! I'm sure you're gonna get a medal for this, captain. Great!\" \"But, miss...\" Dolan tried to say anything about this. A justification or something. This time, I will have to do something about this. Before he could say anything, I punched him in the face, knocking him down to the ground. \"Don't mess with him again,\" I stated before leaving him like this. This is what I called a reporter's punch. ","Summary":" I saw it all. I now know what Johnny said to me back in his apartment, and I saw him with his head "},{"Movie":"Ghost Rider","Title":"Just Need Your Extra Time And YourKiss","Author":"RigorMorton","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12560009","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at works/11305734. Rating: Mature Archive Warning: Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings Category: M/M Fandom: Ghost Rider (2007), Marvel Cinematic Universe, Marvel (Comics), Marvel Relationship: Johnny Blaze/Blackheart, Blackheart/Ghost Rider Character: Johnny Blaze, Ghost Rider, Blackheart (Marvel) Additional Tags: Domestic Fluff, Boys Kissing, Play Fighting, Arguing, Lover's Quarrel, Established Relationship, Demon/Human Relationships, Teasing, Blackheart's Being A Little Shit, Childishness, Pouting, Sexual Humor, Explicit Language, Cute, Feels, One Shot, Neediness, post sex conversation, Johnny's A Tease Stats: Published: 2017-06-26 Words: 1099 Just Need Your Extra Time And Your...KISS by RigorMorton Summary This is just a cute little ficlet I wrote in one shot. Blackheart wants a kiss. Johnny wants the remote control. A childish squabble ensues. Notes This idea just came to me a few hours ago, and I just had to write it. I love these too so much. Such an underappreciated ship. Enjoy. See the end of the work for more notes Blackheart makes his way across the apartment, to the couch, yawning and disheveled - a little hitch in his step from the good dicking he received moments ago, and plops himself down on the cold black leather, sporting nothing but polka dot boxers and an after sex glow. He grabs the remote control, slouching down into the cushions and begins flipping through the channels. The demon's just recently discovered tv. Sounds crazy but considering he was living in the underworld his whole life, it's not that strange. Now he's completely obsessed, thanks to that pesky human he's been wallowing in sin with lately. His former enemy and his father's former bounty hunter turned vigilante, Johnny Blaze. Or as he's known on the street, the Ghost Rider. An unlikely pair for sure. Of course that's most certainly the appeal. The clicking of a door catches Blackheart's attention. He looks over his shoulder to see Johnny exiting the bathroom, along with a cloud of steam, in his red boxer briefs - his skin still slightly wet and glistening. The demon watches his Rider pour himself a bowl of cereal, before plopping down next to him on the couch. Blackheart breathes in deeply, taking in the warm smell of Johnny's musky body wash. God, he smells so good and looks so sexy in those tight red undies. The demon bites his lip and scooches in closer to Johnny, playfully falling down into him - his head in the Rider's lap. He lies on his back, looking up at the man still munching on his cereal, seemingly unbothered by the demon in his lap. \"Johnny?\" Blackheart coos. \"Yes?\" Johnny looks down at him, still chewing his Cap N Crunch. \"Kiss me.\" The demon commands, dragging his cold finger along his Rider's warm chin. Johnny cocks a brow, filling his mouth with another spoonful of cereal. \"Give me the remote first.\" \"Hell no. I got it first. Kiss me anyway.\" The Rider swallows his cereal, silently squinting down at the antsy hellion. \"No.\" Blackheart scoffs and quickly sits up. \"Correct me if I'm wrong, but aren't you the same guy that was nine inches deep in my ass ten minutes ago?\" Johnny licks the milk off his lips, slowly turning to look at him. \"You seem to mistake me for him a lot.\" \"Fuck you, asshole.\" Blackheart scoffs, shoving the Rider's shoulder roughly. Johnny tries his best not to laugh. He's really just messing with him. Blackheart's such a needy little hellion. A spoiled brat, really. Always antsy, and commanding his attention. Johnny can't help but give him a hard time sometimes. The demon's just so damn cute, when he's frustrated. \"You're just gonna watch those silly cartoons, anyhow.\" Blackheart pouts, continuing to channel surf. Johnny gives an amused smirk, continuing to shovel his cereal into his mouth - the crunching noise annoying the demon further. Blackheart starts biting his lip, growing more frustrated by the second. He watches his Rider out of the corner of his eye, as he places the bowl of cereal on the coffee table and stares blankly at the tv. Mere seconds after his bowl touches the wood, he's being attacked by the Hell brat. Blackheart jumps up on his knees grabbing Johnny by the face, trying to still him. \"Give me a kiss, damn it.\" He barks, trying desperately to force his lips on the Rider's. Johnny can barely breathe from stifling his laughter. This is just too good. He fights the demon, best he can. Turning his head away and squirming like a worm in hot ashes, but this demon does not back down. He's practically climbing the Rider like a tree. \"Kiss me.\" The demon growls clinging to his Rider for dear life. Come on!\" \"After you give me the remote.\" Johnny chuckles, pushing his hand over Blackheart's face. A demonic growl rumbles in Blackheart's throat - his lip curling up to reveal his fangs. It's like something out of The Exorcist. Johnny places his hand on the top of the demon's head, holding him still. \"The power of Christ compels you.\" The Rider nearly chokes on his own laughter. Blackheart stills, his eyes turning completely black with anger. \"Very fuckin funny.\" \"Oh you actually got that reference? Nice.\" Johnny nods, smiling. He's still very amused by this charade. \"I hate you.\" Blackheart growls. \"No you don't.\" The Rider smirks, shaking his head. The demon chucks the remote into Johnny's lap with a huff, crossing his arms in frustration. Johnny sets it down on the cushion next to him - a pleased grin on his face, and crawls over to the pouting hellion. He grabs the demon by the wrist, jerking him into his chest and wrapping his arms around him tightly. Despite how annoyed he is, Blackheart can't help but release a pleased sigh. His Rider's embrace is so warm and comforting. His anger quickly fades, replaced by contentment. Hot thumbs press into the apples of his blue cheeks as his lips are taken by Johnny's. Warm tongue pushes his lips apart, filling his mouth with the hot slice of heaven he needed so badly. His Rider tastes of sweet cereal and a hint of minty toothpaste. It's delightful. He moans into Johnny's mouth - his body nearly limp in his lover's arms. Completely worth giving up the remote for. If only he knew Johnny didn't even want the remote. He just wanted to see if Blackheart would give it to him. He wanted a kiss just as badly, and relishes the icy tongue intertwining with his. He locks the demon's lower lip in between his and lightly sweeps his tongue over it, slowly sliding his tongue into Blackheart's mouth, playfully poking the cold tongue lightly, then retreating back, leaving his little hellion swooning. Johnny presses his forehead to Blackheart's, wincing at the cold sensation, and uses his finger to lift the demon's chin. \"Are we happy now?\" He whispers, tickling Blackheart's upper lip with his hot breath. \"We're happy.\" The demon sneers. \"Good.\" Johnny stands up from the couch and sets the remote down in Blackheart's lap, giving him a wink, before placing a hot peck on his icy forehead. Blackheart watches his Rider walk away into the kitchen, his mouth hanging open. \"Son of a bitch.\" He mumbles to himself. Johnny's washing out his bowl in the sink and doesn't hear a word of it. A pleased grin, slowly creeps along the demon's blue lips as he turns back around to face the tv. He could make a big fuss, but after a kiss like that, who would want to? End Notes Blackheart's such a needy little shit, I know ;) Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work! ","Summary":" Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at works/11305734. Rating: Mature Archive Warning: Choo"},{"Movie":"Ghost Rider","Title":"johnny ¿recuerdas?, , veamos si","Author":"jer35mx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11514467","Passage":"[Chapter 1] es el crepúsculo del segundo día de la batalla de los ángeles caídos contra ghost rider y johnny ha decidido combatir a mefisto quien se retira dejando a la reportera; el ghost rider la había montado sobre sus piernas en la motocicleta y había tomado camino por el desierto de sonora, hasta llegar a un sitio de su pasado de jóvenes.. antes después de un rato la reportera piensa *maldita sea, me sentí mas excitada cuando le ayude en la pelea de las ruinas del pueblo, esta si es una monta de moto salvaje* mientras el ghost rider salta sobre otro arroyo seco y se topa con otro cerro que en unos kilómetros volverá a subir y bajar derecho y sin fijarse en espinos o cactus, en un momento dado ella se da cuenta, *hay una acequia*, hay un arroyo labrado y construido y grita \"¡hey¡, ¡agua¡\", el ghost rider detiene su motocicleta, ella indica con el índice *ahí, ahí*, johnny conduce la motocicleta con la reportera sobre su regazo y piernas y toma agua con ella, ella le dice \"aungue no lo creas tu debes seguir de motociclista de saltos acrobáticos, va casi especificado\", el se voltea a verla, tostada por el sol y con el vestido roto mojado, pregunta \"¿en serio?\", ella se moja el rostro, ve de donde vienen y dice \"en serio\", la reportera ve con ojos chispeantes a johnny que se sacude las manos y la cabeza como ella lo hacía antes y le dice \"recuerdas ,\", se interrumpe y ve que él voltea a mirarle con sus ojos que aún en su entrevista le parecían sinceros, continúa \"¿recuerdas cuando eramos jóvenes?, cuando estábamos tú en la motocicleta y yo en las gradas, entre los espectadores?\", el ve el sol y luego la ve a ella, dice \"si, recuerdo,\", se sonríe, continúa \" pero estamos en medio del desierto, tuvimos suerte de que tuvieras los ojos abiertos\", ella voltea preocupada \"si, creo que si, he reporteado historias de los viajeros y los sur, como yo, soy reportera\" mueve los ojos como dudando, de lado a lado \"aparte de conductora desde eventos\", johnny vuelve a sonreír, \"si, ¿un encuentro coincidencia?\", ella se pasa el dorso de la mano por el rostro y el cuello y contesta \"asignatura\", se levanta con las manos la parte alta del vestido y dice en voz baja \"sobre los demás celosos, 2 o 3 hombres\", johnny se sienta con las piernas casi en el agua, se pone en pie de inmediato, dice \"vamos a continuar el viaje, veamos si tengo\", la voltea a ver \"tenemos suerte\", y el comienza a transformarse\", la reportera se prepara psicológicamente y observa la motocicleta y la figura osea que tiene los brazos por fuera de los muslos esperándola con las piernas abiertas, ella piensa *en este calor, viéndole exhalando humo te preferiría a ti johnny*, la motocicleta se mueve quemando la tierra y comienza a recorrer los desniveles de el territorio desértico; la reportera mueve la cabeza, piensa *¿así se siente johnny?, satisfecho y recordando como en una bruma*, voltea y le ve a su lado, dandole la espalda, ella levanta el torso, ve por la ventana parte de el cielo y las nubes, se levanta y camina a la ventana, recuerda como la motocicleta deshizo una reja y entro subiendo unos 4 escalones amplisimos por una puerta vidriera, *fundida ahora*, a un vestíbulo amplisimo donde el ghost rider termino su largo *¿paseo?*, la reportera recuerda sonriendo que grito y la *ahora se que todavía no pensaba en la policía* recepcionista soltó el teléfono, johnny pregunto \"¿llegamos?, ¿es nuestra calle?\". ","Summary":" es el crepúsculo del segundo día de la batalla de los ángeles caídos contra ghost rider y johnny ha"},{"Movie":"Ghost Rider","Title":"These odd emotions","Author":"EarthCat","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10369275","Passage":"[Chapter 1] There was something. Among all the blazing anger and the urge to exercise justice and re-establish law, something else had been there. Deep down, in a dark corner of Zarathos' spirit, at the place where hell had taken root and sent poisonous arrows of perversion in every corner. The place that the former Spirit of Justice never wanted to see, although he was aware of its presence every second. There had been a feeling. A heat that felt different from his own fire. Something through and through sinful, which lured with lewd, full lips and ensnared him. And that wasn´t it. This blaze, that was just waiting to burn up brightly, had been shimmering in the blue eyes of his enemy too. And of Blackheart, who was the spawn of hell himself, the incarnate sin, this heat radiated even more intense. Johnny knew that this nasty, unspeakable attraction that he felt towards the demon, could only come from the demon in himself, who was drawn to his counterpart like a magnet. Like negative to positive, so good to evil, fire to ice. He didn´t want to admit, not even wanted to think about what he felt. But the moment when he had burned the thousand souls of the contract of San Venganza out of Blackhearts body, the blaze had awakened in him. A very disturbing feeling. To call a spade a spade, on the one hand he would have liked to ram the demon unsharpened into the ground, but on the other hand - The lust of the flesh was a part of the sins that defined hell. And it was what Johnny had confused. So much, that he had to base on Roxanne . Because it made him weak at the knees, to feel hatred and lust at the same time. To loath Blackheart on the one hand, but on the other hand to fantasize about ramming him with his back against the wall and boink him that heaven and hell were shaking. Since Mephistofeles had taken his son back soon, Johnny managed to repress the feeling. But he could not forget it. And in the moment, when he came to his hotel room and saw the pale figure, who, draped seductively, lay on his bed, the shock, the surprise, disbelief, anger, and above of all the guilt-filled joy made fireworks explode in his belly. \"What are you doing here?\" Snapped the Rider. Blackheart slowly turned his face, eyes closed. Then he opened them and looked at him directly. \"... Johnny...\" He purred. \"Yes, that's my name! What do you want on my bed?\" What came next happened so fast that he barely realized it. Blackheart rushed from the bed towards him, grabbed him by the shirt collar, spun him around and pushed him onto the mattress. The whole thing took barely one second. Now the demon pushed Johnny on the bed while he sat on his lap , and pulled him upwards by the collar, so that their noses were almost touching . \"Do not tell me that you don´t know what you feel, I know you know it! Because I feel the same!\" \"What on earth are you talking about, you crazy freak? I have no idea what you mean! \" \"DON´T lie to me!\" \"Get off me!\" \"... But that´s not what I came for.\" \"What then? Here is no contract!\" Blackheart closed the last distance between them and pressed his lips against Johnny 's in an all-explaining, searing kiss. Blaze froze. His brain suddenly switched to standby while he could observe far higher activities in his lower body. Then, in a last desperate attempt to preserve his dignity and his sanity, he pushed Blackheart with hands and feet away from him. \"Did someone shit into your brain? We are enemies! We are fighting against each other! Where did you get the idea, we could- \" He broke off. \"But Johnny.\" Blackheart said in a tone that said: \"...How can you be so naive?\" \"I smell fear, I feel if someone is lying to me... You can believe me that sexual lust attracts me like meat attracts wolves... So PLEASE. Don´t try to tell me that you are not eager for the same thing. It would insult my intelligence.\" \"What intelligence, you silly nut?! The intelligence that told you, you ought to go against the Pennance Stare with a thousand guilty souls? VERY intelligent, really!\" The glance with which Blackhearts eyes wandered over Johnny, gave him goose bumps. Anger lay in it, overlaid by dark amusement and cold glowing desire. \"I know what I want.\" Said the demon. \"And I want it now and here.\" \"You´ve lost ya marbles.\" \"Tonight belongs only to us. So long we have been waiting...\" \"I have to disappoint you. This night belongs to me, and if you do not instantly disappear, then... then I 'll kill you!\" Giggles was the only answer that the Riders got. \"I'm looking forwards to it.\" \"That's it!\" Johnny reared up and kicked the demon down of himself with both legs, grabbed his chain that he always carried with him and striked at him as he hit the ground. But, unintentionally or intentionally, he missed him by miles. A shady-blue, fibrous ball sailed into Johnnys face and knocked him off his feet. Growling, he turned, straightend himself up and lunged at his nemesis. BOUMM! The wave of pure energy that arose when their forces collided, was enough to raise the roof. The sound it made was like a sonic boom. The Rider grabbed Blackheart at the ankles, the first available body parts which he had gotten into his hands, and whirled him around himself. The windows bursted in a splitter rain from the energy that both still radiated. Then Johnny let go. Blackheart crashed with full force into the opposite wall, which got cracks under the impact. The demon gasped for breath and let out a cry of pain. He fell to the ground. The Rider stomped to him, grabbed him by the hair with one hand and pulled him up. Blackheart for his part grabbed Johnny by the shoulders and headbutted him. At the same moment he realized that he had made a mistake. Perhaps it would have bothered Johnny, but not the Rider. It was like he was beating his head against a solid concrete wall. Ouch. The rider was grinning. \"... Swag.\" Then he got ready to simply throw the demon out the window. Blackheart made himself totally rigid, grabbed Blaze again at the shoulders, hooked his foot behind his legs and made a rollover backwards. So much for swag, baby. Johnny's back and the back of his head slammed on the wooden floor, while his opponent rolled off him, and there was so much momentum behind it that the Rider volatilized. Johnny groaned, raised his head, then let it fall back. \"Yeah...\" Blackheart panted and shot up. For a moment, everything blurred around him. Then it passed. The demon hooked his hands under Johnny's armpits and pulled him back onto the bed, which was covered with down feather and scraps of cloth. Then he sank down beside him, propped up on his elbow, head in the palm. \"Feeling better now?\" He asked the man scornfully. \"Fuck off.\" Johnny replied, breathing heavily. \"Not until I get what I want. You know, in this aspect, I can be very stubborn...\" \"And what in God's name do you want?\" \"You.\" Purred the demon and put a forefinger on Johnny's chest. Blaze swept his hand roughly to the side and sat up. \"Forget. It.\" Blackhearts hand came back, lay where the man's heart was pounding. An indeterminate type of energy came from his touch, which tickled the Darkness in Johnny, just strong enough that he became aware of the dark joy again, which his victory over the devil´s son had caused. Cause he had defeated him. He was more powerful than Blackheart. And the desire had awakened to exploit this power. The desire to force the demon to his knees and make him beg for mercy. And that in the most perverse way that between two beings was possible. To feel him beyond himself and to compel him by force to the sweetest sins that human bodies were capable of. Johnny hated Blackheart like on the first day. And that's exactly what made this unmentionable idea so seductive. His hand shot up and grabbed the demon´s jaw with iron hard grip. Blackheart smiled. But the smile did not reach his black eyes. His eyes said only one thing. When he placed his pale fingers gently on Johnny's hand, the Rider pulled him forwards until they were only a few inches apart. \"God, I hate you.\" He growled with in disgust curled upper lip. Blackheart still smiled and now blinked slowly, a simple but incredibly sensual motion of night-black, thick lashes. \"I'm not God , Johnny...\" He purred softly. Due to the vice-like grip on his jaw his voice sounded a little muffled. The Rider pulled him close abruptly and made their lips collide. The demon let out a growl, brushed the snow-white fingers through Johnny's brown hair and then held on it. Blaze jerked and pushed him away. \"Did you BITE me?\" \"Take it like a man, you sissy!\" Blackheart growled with black glowing eyes and threw himself at him. His fingernails dug into the sides of Johnny's cheeks while Johnnys fingers were digging into Blackhearts back. It could hardly be called \" kissing\" what the two sworn enemies did with one another, rather \"war on a small scale\". Blackhearts sharp teeth cut into Johnny's lower lip until blood ran over it , whereupon Blaze 's fingers laid around his neck and draw closed. The demon gagged. Let go off him. Johnny loosened his grip a little. Blackheart breathed in and narrowed his eyes. Blaze licked away the blood, what the black-haired followed fascinated with shimmering eyes, and sat up . Old fantasies reappeared in his mind, more clearly than ever before now, because he did not suppress them. He, leaning against the edge of this well, on which he had landed in San Venganza, Blackheart on his lap. The demon had thrown his head back and screamed in sheer arousal at the top of his lungs. Blackheart, pressed with his back against one of the ancient walls, his pale legs wrapped around Johnny's middle, leaned his head back against the stone, obviously delirious with pleasure, eyes half closed, and lips parted in a breathless moan. Blackheart, face on the ground, his arms laying limp over his head, his fingers clutching into the sand, the nails scratched bloody. His eyes were wide open, looked into nothingness, red mingled with the blue. Beads of sweat ran down his face. He was panting with his mouth wide open, heavy breaths curved his body and he trembled with passion. \"Johnny...\" Blackheart blinked as if he would have to return to reality. His eyes focused on his opponent. With sudden, infallible certainty Johnny knew that the demon had seen his fantasies just like he had. Blackheart was breathing fast and shallow, he stared fixedly at Blaze. Blaze stared back, fire flickered in the depths of his eyes. The tension between them crackled. The black-haired raised his hand and placed it gently on Johnny's cheek. Then he reached out and gave the Rider a bitchslap. With flat hand, right in the face. As if this would have been the cork that had held back the exuberant lust, Johnny spun around to Blackheart and thundered him his clenched fist in the face. Then he followed behind the tilting demon and conquered his bleeding lips once more. The son of the devil groaned, half angry, half surprised, muffled by Johnny's mouth over his. Blackhearts hands moved over the hot leather of the Rider´s jacket, the metal rivets and finally one of them reached the zipper, while the other one stayed at the shoulder. Rrripp! the jacket was opened. Without hesitation, Johnny slipped out and tossed the garment aside before he fumbled on the top of the demon. \"Forget these damn buttons!\" Blackheart snarled and tugged angrily at his own collar. Totally agreeing with him Blaze grabbed the expensive-looking vest and yanked it open completely unromantic, so that the silver buttons jumped in all directions. Hurriedly, the black-haired twisted himself out of the obstructing material part and hurled it into a corner before he peeled off his shirt. That sight put Johnny into a frenzy; disbelief about himself made him shiver, while the excitation burned him up inside. He watched himself, as he helped Blackheart get rid of the last outerwear. It bared a flat, slightly muscular abdomen and a pale chest; the nipples and the navel as ornamental eye catcher could not have been placed more enticing. Beautiful and full of promise like the sin itself the son of the devil sat on Johnny's bed and stared at him expectantly. Without further ado Blaze kicked out of everything down to his boxers, and cast it beside the bed. Blackheart had not moved, shirtless and in black leather pants, he crouched on the bed like the predator that he was and fixed him greedily. His eyes glowed red. \"Come here, Johnny.\" He cooed in many voices and smiled diabolically. \"I think I rather want to beat you, demon!\" The black-haired slid off the bed, fumbled the snap on his pants open and let them slide to the ground before he stepped out and threw them with his toes to the side. \"... You would not beat a naked man, Rider.\" \"You're neither naked, nor a man.\" There was a pause. \"I will not beg you, Johnny. It would sound sillily.\" Blaze watched in silence as the Adam's apple of his opponent moved when he spoke, let his eyes wander over the crease between the chin and lower lip, the pointy nose, the high cheekbones, the odd-edged sideburns, the shadowed blue eyes. Blackheart, who knew very clearly that the passion had subsided just as quickly as it had come, quickly reached out and his icy fingertips touched Johnny's biceps. Everything went white. The fantasies were back. Blackheart in front of Johnny, who felt the edge of the bed at the hollow of his knees. The demon put his hand, which was now warm, over Johnny's heart and stepped close to him until they were touching, breast to breast, their breath at their ears, cheek to cheek, the touch light as the flutter of a butterfly. Blackheart pushed the chin over Johnny's shoulder and snuggled up to him, his chest so soft and hot against the man's skin. Ceasefire. Then the demon put his hands gently between them, pushed Johnny away from him and on his back onto the bed. Johnny could not resist. Everything swam in hot and trustful fog, as Blackheart followed him, hung above him like a light shade and then sank down on him . Excitation shivered through Blaze in an electrifying shudder and put out his thinking. The hot body on him moved like waves of the sea, evenly forwards and backwards. The pleasure that smoldered in his loins flickered lazily and got lighter and lighter . A strip of pain blossomed on his chest. And in that moment, his gaze went clear again. Johnny raised his head and held this strenuous position for a moment. The pain came from the fingernails, that Blackheart dug into his flesh. The pleasure from the fact that the demon sat on him and moved up and down over his excitement, his eyes half closed and an expression of triumphant bliss in the face. Johnny crossed his eyes at the heightening waves of arousal. His eyes rolled upwards. His mouth fell open. With a strangled moan he let his head fall back into the pillow, put his fingers around Blackhearts wrists. The last fog gave way. It was not his imagination ... He was actually here. But this knowledge did not startle him in the least, it the contrary, it caused an indomitable passion, to which he gave way willingly. Showtime. Blaze forced himself up again until his nose touched Blackhearts. The demon opened his eyes. When Johnny went completely in the vertical, he clung to the Riders shoulders and wrapped his legs around his toned hips, tensing his abdominal muscles involuntarily, which made both men gasp. \"Now I´m gonna kick your butt!\" Growled Blaze. \"I'm waiting.\" \"I'll bang the shit into your brain!\" Blackheart laughed with sparkling teeth . \"Try it!\" \"Hold on-\" With arms and legs, the demon clung to the Rider like a monkey while Johnny carried him up to the headboard of the bed and there quite rudely pushed him against it. The black-haired gasped. Johnny pushed him a little higher and positioned him as the demon stuck to the top of the headboard and helped, his legs still wrapped around his middle. \"No more didoes, Rider!\" Growled Blackheart. \"Fuck me!\" \"You betcha!\" Blaze pulled him close, whereby the first time he slid really deep into him. The demon moaned long drawn and put his head back shivering. Actually, he had a pleasant voice, a tuneful baritone, like apple juice in a polished wooden bowl. Johnny once more took his chin, pulled him forwards and drank the sound off his lips. Blackheart bit him again in the lower lip and strengthened the grip of his pale legs, used them to move together with Johnny, while a deep, animalistic growl came from his throat. \"Mmmh...\" Groaned Blaze and gasped softly before he grabbed the demon by the hips and thrust into him violently. \"O Deus!\" Yelped Blackheart. \"John -\" His voice trailed off in a moan. His fingernails scraped against the wood of the headboard . Arousal flickered in his veins, pulsed in his hands, hummed in his ears, swam like lava in his abdomen and surged back and forth. Blaze now moved deeper into him, thrusting rhythmically like a piston in an engine, dug his fingers into the pale hips of the demon, almost forehead to forehead with him. With half-closed eyes Blackheart stared back, bared his teeth and hissed at Johnny. The Rider reinforced his movements once more, thrusted as deep and strong as he could. \"Aah-\" The black-haired gritted his teeth to deaden his outcry and moaned, trembling under the blazing lust. Blurred he saw Johnny's grin. Blaze pulled. Blackheart let go of the headboard and flopped onto the mattress , where down feather from the pillow floated, when the Rider pulled him close, and then bent over him. Johnny closed his fingers around the pale shoulders and hammered into the inside of the demon. Drops of sweat fell from his face. \"Ooh- Johnny!\" Blackheart rolled his legs around Blaze's back, raised his arms and dug his fingers left and right from his head in the biceps of the man, whose shadow fell over him. They stared with a nebulised glance into eachothers eyes, the harsh reality, in which they had fought each other, had completely vanished. Magnetically blue - green and ice blue sticked together. The wooden frame of the bed creaked in protest under the rabid movements that were done onto it, and the wall produced a cloud of dust every time when the sleeping place hit it. Blaze heard his own labored breathing, floating in the heat of his scorching arousal that flared higher and higher. Only dimly he realized it, when Blackheart slid his hand between them. The ice-blue eyes flickered and looked into nothingness. The passion in Johnny reached its proverbial climax. Explosively the pleasure shot in the height and width, until it threatened to tear him apart. The demon under him writhed like a snake, tensed like a steel spring, trembled shortly- and screamed. Thunder rumbled in the sky above the hotel, the room went white blindingly with a bolt of lightning. For a moment both figures on the bed solidified, froze in a moment of absolute bliss. Time and space did a somersault in slow motion. Then the ecstasy subsided slowly. Blackheart panted, his chest rose and fell with his heavy breathing. A smile blossomed on his face. \"... I ... got you ...\" he panted. Johnny growled, also panting. \"That was a big mistake.\" He replied. \"Now I 'm going to give it to you that you wish... that .. um ...\" Blaze tried to breathe slower. \"That I wish I would have come earlier to you.\" Blackheart purred and pushed a sweaty strand of hair from Johnny's forehead with the index finger. \"Uh ... Something like that. Exactly. \" \"You silly little mortal man.\" \"Watch it ...\" Blackheart replied by drawing Johnny's head close and licking the corner of his mouth with the tip of his tongue. Blaze frowned and wiped the moisture away with the back of his hand. Blackheart smiled. His form dissolved into black mist that was briefly still firm material, then Johnny fell on the mattress. The demon reappeared behind him, standing next to the bed and leaned down to Johnny's ear. \"See you soon ...\" breathed Blackheart. With the tip of his tongue, he traced the contour of the ear, which sent a cool, pleasant shiver over Johnny's back. Then he was gone. The black fog dissolved. Blaze sat up and turned around, scanned the room with narrowed eyes. Had he just had a daydream? No, in that case he hardly would be naked. See you soon, he had said. Suddenly there was an impatience that was stronger than the urge for vengeance. \"I 'll be waiting.\" Johnny whispered into the emptiness that surrounded him. ","Summary":" There was something. Among all the blazing anger and the urge to exercise justice and re-establish "},{"Movie":"Ghost Rider","Title":"Pupus","Author":"arannis","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10699580","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Hak cipta milik Marvel Comics. Saya tak mengambil keuntungan apapun dari fic ini. PUPUS Langit kian berawan. Angin berhembus kencang. Pertanda hujan akan turun di awal musim gugur ini. Gemuruh langit mulai terdengar saling bersahut-sahutan. Mungkin orang akan mengira badai besar akan melanda. Dan jika memang benar, saat ini mereka pasti sudah terburu-buru masuk ke dalam rumah mereka yang hangat untuk berlindung. Namun tidak untuk gadis itu, Roxanne Simpson. Mereka berdua tertawa lepas di sepanjang pelarian mereka dari kejaran seorang penjual ayam. Sebelumnya mereka menjahili penjual ayam itu dengan membuka kandang yang berisi ayam-ayamnya sehingga beberapa dari ayam-ayam itu kabur. Akibatnya sekarang mereka harus mencari tempat untuk sembunyi dari kejarannya. Mereka bersembunyi di sebuah toko yang sudah tutup. Napas mereka berat karena kelelahan. Roxanne berharap si penjual ayam itu juga kelelahan dan menyerah mencari mereka. Entah sudah berapa lama mereka bersembunyi di sana. Dan kini Roxanne merasa haus. \" Johnny, kau bawa air minum?\" tanyanya pada laki-laki di sebelahnya, Johnny Blaze. \" Oh, shit! Semuanya ada di motorku,\" keluhnya. Nampaknya dia juga kehausan seperti Roxanne. \" Seharusnya tadi kita langsung pergi saja dengan motormu, bukannya membuka kandang ayam itu,\" sekarang Roxanne juga menggerutu. \" Dad tak akan mengizinkan kita pergi, kalau begitu,\" kata Johnny. \"Pasti ia akan menyuruhku membetulkan motor itu.\" Roxanne kembali mengingat pertunjukan tadi. Johnny berhasil melewati rintangan dalam pertunjukan motor arobatiknya, namun pendaratannya kurang sempurna sehingga kini motor yang ditungganginya tadi mengalami kerusakan yang cukup parah. Sayangnya, motor itu milik sponsor, bukan miliknya. Kalau tak direparasi secepatnya, ia akan diminta ganti rugi. Dan Roxanne tahu, Johnny tak akan punya cukup uang untuk menggantinya. \" Kalau begitu, kau memang seharusnya pulang untuk memperbaikinya, Johnny,\" kata Roxanne. Tentu saja Roxanne lebih memilih merelakan waktunya bersama Johnny daripada cowok yang sangat ia cintai itu mengalami kesulitan. \" Tapi aku merindukanmu, Roxie,\" balasnya. Mendadak pipi Roxanne menghangat. Setelah hampir dua minggu mereka tak bertemu karena orang tua Roxanne mulai curiga pada hubungan mereka. Betapa inginnya Roxanne membalas ucapannya bahwa ia juga sangat merindukan Johnny. \" Lagipula ada Dad yang bisa membetulkannya lebih baik dariku,\" lanjut Johnny karena tak ada tanggapan apapun dari Roxanne. \" Tapi itu, kan tanggungjawabmu, Johnny,\" kata Roxanne menasehati. \" Siapa yang ingin aku jadi pengendara motor akrobatik? Siapa yang ingin aku bekerja di tempat sirkus itu, hm?\" kata Johnny dengan suara meninggi. Roxanne sangat tahu kalau Johnny tak pernah senang dengan pekerjaannya saat ini. Menurutnya itu pekerjaan yang konyol sekaligus membahayakan. Namun Ayah Johnny berkata mereka tak punya pilihan sehingga akhirnya Johnny menuruti keinginan Ayahnya. \" Jangan begitu,\" kata Roxanne. \"Aku suka kau jadi pengendara motor akrobatik. Kau terlihat keren.\" Johnny tersenyum menatapnya. Cowok itu menggenggam tangan Roxanne dengan erat, begitu posesif. Roxanne menaruh kepalanya di bahu kekasihnya itu. Roxanne selalu senang dengan kegiatan sederhana mereka seperti ini. Baginya cukup seperti ini. Ia merasa tak perlu makan malam romantis atau hal-hal lain yang berlebihan hanya untuk saling berbagi udara yang sama dengan orang yang dicintai. Gadis itu tak peduli, bahkan ketika titik-titik air mulai menetesi ubun-ubunnya. Di bawah pohon Beech, gadis itu berdiri, menunggu nya . Dieratkannya sweater putih tipis yang ia kenakan, demi menghalau dingin yang mustahil dihindari. Sesekali diliriknya arloji yang melingkar di pergelangan tangan kirinya. Kini Roxanne baru menyadari bahwa dirinya telah menunggu hampir dua jam lamanya. Dalam hati ia bertanya-tanya apa gerangan yang membuat dia terlambat datang? Meskipun tak pernah menemukan jawabannya, toh Roxanne masih tetap teguh berdiri di sana. Tak sedikit pun niat meninggalkan tempat itu. Karena ia yakin dia tak akan mengingkari janjinya. \" Roxie, apa yang terjadi?\" tanya Johnny ketika melihat gadisnya menangis di bawah pohon Beech, tempat mereka biasa menghabiskan waktu bersama. \" Johnny..\" katanya di sela-sela isak tangisnya. \"A-ayahku tahu... tahu tentang kita..\" Johnny terpaku. Nampaknya keterkejutan itu membuat dirinya tak bisa berbicara. \" Kita harus bagaimana, Johnny...?\" kata Roxanne masih berusaha mengurangi isakkannya. Sejujurnya Roxanne sudah menduga semuanya. Cepat atau lambat, orang tuanya akan tahu perihal hubungan asmaranya dengan Johnny. Dan Roxanne tahu orang tuanya tak pernah senang dengan Johnny yang menurut mereka tak mempunyai tujuan hidup. Mereka menganggap pekerjaannya dan pekerjaan Ayahnya yang seorang pengendara motor akrobatik di tempat sirkus, tak menjamin masa depannya. Mereka takut Roxanne hidup susah jika mereka membiarkan Johnny dan Roxanne bersama. \" Kau.. mau pergi bersamaku?\" kata Johnny kemudian. Roxanne memberikan pandangan tak mengerti. Kini Roxanne tidak lagi sesenggukan. Johnny menatap Roxanne dengan pandangan yang sulit diartikan. Namun Roxanne merasakan ada tekad kuat dalam tatapan itu. \" A-apa maksudmu, Johnny?\" tanya Roxanne. Ada jeda hening sebelum Johnny menjawabnya. \" Kita pergi... ke mana saja... asal jauh dari sini..\" katanya. Roxanne tersentak. Apa yang dimaksud Johnny adalah kabur? \" Kita bisa memulai hidup baru bersama.. jauh dari orang tuamu..\" lanjut Johnny. \" Johnny, a-apa kau serius? Apakah ini tidak terlalu berbahaya?\" tanya Roxanne sedikit ragu. \" Percayalah padaku, Roxie,\" kata Johnny kini lebih mantap. Roxanne belum bisa menjawab. Ia bingung, takut. Apa ini akan berjalan lancar? Bagaimana orang tuanya nanti? Roxanne mencintai Johnny, tetapi ia juga sangat menyayangi kedua orang tuanya. Roxanne beranjak dari duduknya. Ia menatap mata Johnny dalam-dalam, berusaha melihat keyakinan di sana. Kemudian pandangannya beralih ke batang pohon Beech yang terukir tulisan di sana: J & R Forever. Tangannya disapukan ke tulisan itu. Dan kini Roxanne telah menjatuhkan pilihannya. \" Bawa aku pergi, Johnny..\" Hujan terasa semakin lebat, namun Johnny tak kunjung datang. Apa yang membuatnya sangat terlambat seperti ini? Roxanne membenahi sedikit sweater-nya supaya sedikit memberikan kehangatan untuk badannya. Tapi percuma saja, sweater-nya sudah basah kuyup, bahkan hingga ke pakaian dalamnya. Mustahil rasa dingin itu terhalangi. Sesaat Roxanne berpikir untuk pulang saja, namun lagi-lagi Roxanne meyakini dirinya bahwa Johnny hanya terlambat datang. Terlambat bukan berarti tidak datang, kan? Atau memang benar Johnny tak akan datang? Selama ini Roxanne sangat memercayai Johnny. Cowok itu satu-satunya yang ia cintai sejak dulu. Dan Roxanne masih berniat untuk memercayainya. Roxanne sesekali mengingat ketika dulu Johnny menyatakan cinta padanya. Di hadapan orang banyak, di keramaian pertunjukan sirkus. Saat itu sekitar tiga tahun yang lalu, ketika Roxanne berulang tahun yang ke enam belas, dan ketika Johnny belum menjadi pengendara motor akrobatik. Roxanne merindukan masa-masa itu, di mana mereka masih bebas melakukan apa saja tanpa perlu memikirkan tanggungjawab dan masa depan mereka. Namun untuk sekarang, rasanya begitu sukar. Mau tak mau mereka harus menghadapi masa depan. Mereka tak boleh main-main lagi. Ia dan Johnny harus mulai menata masa depan mereka. Dan di saat rencana itu mulai dibangun, Roxanne merasa takut Johnny tak ikut serta membangunnya bersamanya. Mungkinkah Roxanne salah memercayai Johnny? Dan kini bibirnya menyunggingkan senyuman melihat motor Johnny yang datang dari kejauhan. Menerjang hujan yang turun begitu deras. Johnny menatapnya lekat-lekat ketika cowok itu menepikan motornya. Roxanne tak mengerti pandangan apa itu. Sesaat Roxanne berpikir bahwa ia benar telah memercayai Johnny, namun semuanya lenyap begitu saja ketika Johnny pergi dengan motornya, meninggalkannya tanpa berkata apapun. Roxanne berharap Johnny hanya sedang menjahilinya, dan akan kembali ke hadapannya. Namun seiring waktu berlalu, Johnny tak kunjung kembali. Mungkinkah ia memang benar-benar salah karena telah memercayai Johnny? Kini rasa sakit menghujam hatinya. Ia tak bisa merasakan air matanya yang jatuh bercampur dengan air hujan yang membasahi tubuhnya. Johnny meninggalkannya setelah mereka berdua mulai merencanakan masa depan mereka bersama-sama. Harapan bahagia dalam hatinya kini pupus sudah. Roxanne tak tahu apa penyebab yang membuat Johnny berlaku seperti itu terhadapnya. Roxanne yakin Johnny mencintainya. Apa ada sesuatu yang lain, yang terjadi sehingga Johnny berbuat seperti ini? Meskipun begitu, Johnny akan selalu menjadi pemilik hatinya. Bikin fic ini iseng aja sih. Selain itu, saya juga suka pair ini, apalagi pas scene mereka berdua ketemu lagi di acaranya Johnny, yang Roxanne jadi reporter buat wawancarain Johnny Gaje, ya? Saya juga mikir begitu. Tapi hargailah lewat review. Nge-flame juga gapapa, palingan saya nangis dua hari dua malem XD *becanda Udah rada lupa sama jalan ceritanya, jadi maaf-maaf saja kalo gak sesuai di film ","Summary":" Disclaimer: Hak cipta milik Marvel Comics. Saya tak mengambil keuntungan apapun dari fic ini. PUPUS"},{"Movie":"Ghost Rider","Title":"Expectations","Author":"Darkrose1310","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10269945","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is just a small one shot about Ghost Rider dealing with an upset Caelan on his own. Ghost Rider may appear a bit OOC but then again he isn't fighting anyone, just looking after his child. Here's hoping you all enjoy this. Expectations His existence had been a difficult one. There were very few other beings that had endured as much as he had and lived as long. This resulted in him being better prepared for most things than ordinary people: death, destruction, war, violence, tragedy and so on. But he was Zarathos, Angel of Justice, Spirit of Vengeance, the Ghost Rider and so that was to be expected. What wasn't expected of him now lay swaddled in blankets in a fireproof crib. What wasn't expect of him was to, during the day when he could not go unseen in his work, watch over his sleeping son, cooing him softly to sleep when he awoke, feeding him, (although he didn't help in changing Caelan or bath time. There were just certain things that weren't practical for him to do) and telling him stories. As he spoke, images constructed out of fire would dance around his son, playing out the tale as it was spun. Caelan would laugh and try to touch them, would frown when he did, as they would come apart in a flaming mist, similar to steam slipping through fingers. Sometimes, but not often, Caelan would cry. At what Ghost Rider was never sure, there were so many different possibilities, nightmares for instance, and his knowledge of humans did not extent in detail to their young. When Caelan cried, Ghost Rider would pick him up and hold him close. He would pace the room and tell Caelan all his favourite stories; he would bounce him on his knee and he would coo at his child. Thankfully as soon as Caelan was in his father's arms he tended to stop, unfortunately however, this was not one of those times. \"Shh. It's okay, it's okay.\" He soothed for the fifth time. The baby simply continued to wail, tears streaming down its chubby face and soaking his fire proof clothes. For the nth time Ghost Rider prayed Sarah would be back soon with Johnny from finishing a job. It wasn't anything big, just a few lesser demons stepping over their boundaries. Nothing that he was needed for, so he had been left with Caelan. He wished Caelan could tell him what was the matter; he wished Sarah was there to help – she was so much better at this than he was. For a moment he went through all the things that Sarah normally did to calm the boy. Food? The child wasn't hungry. Needed changing? He couldn't smell anything vile emanating from the child's behind. Stories? He's tried that already. Toys? The boy had thrown them away and had lobbed a building block at Ghost Rider's skull. It was presently a smouldering pile of ash in the bin. Tired? Most likely, but he had been crying for the last five minutes so that wasn't a surprise. \"Shh,\" He tried again and went to wipe away the tears, which turned to steam when his gloved hand neared, \"It's okay. Daddy's here.\" Daddy was another thing that he wasn't used to being and he defiantly wasn't used to hearing. To his surprise Caelan stopped crying for a moment, looked up at him with his big blue eyes. \"Ada?\" \"I'm right here. Don't worry, I won't let anything hurt you.\" The child hiccupped a few times. His lip trembled but he didn't cry. Instead he snuggled down into his father's arms and stared up into his empty eye sockets and make nonsensical noises, apparently telling his father all about his woes and troubles. It may not have been expected of him, but fatherhood was defiantly something he wouldn't give up. ","Summary":" This is just a small one shot about Ghost Rider dealing with an upset Caelan on his own. Ghost Ride"},{"Movie":"Ghost Rider","Title":"Meeting the Ghost Rider","Author":"zoethehedgehog","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8752074","Passage":"[Chapter 1] First oneshot fic so be nice! I DONT OWN GHOST RIDER! Aaaaannnndddd GO! He was an ordinary guy. Maybe in his late 20s, about my age. Oh! Sorry, I haven't told you my name! My name is Mary, horrible name, I know right? Ok back to the story. He looked like a biker, with his leather jacket and gloves. Not a very strong one though. He came in and sat at the other side of the table (I was bar tending) and asked for the menu. I gave him one and saw a slight frown crawl onto his face, I swear I've seen that face before! He looked up and shocked me with his next question. \"Do you have any jellies?\" \"Any what? I asked. I wasn't sure I heard him right. \"Any jelly beans\" he said with a smile. I shook my head yes and went to the back where the jelly beans were. I didn't have a bowl, so I got a martini glass full of them. When I brought them to him he thanked me with a nod of his head. That's when it clicked. \"Hey! You're that Johnny Blaze fellah aren't you?\" He forced a grin and muttered a low \"guilty\". I couldn't believe it! The famous Johnny Blaze, motorcycle daredevil was at the bar that I happened to be working at! But just when I was about to ask Johnny about his stunts, my buddy, Butch decided to drop in. He's big and can look menacing at times, but really he's just a big, ol, teddy bear. He sat down next to Blaze, giving me a warm hello. I think he may have frightened Johnny a bit because as soon as Butch sat down, he flinched. Business was slow, so the three of us got to talking. Blaze sounded like a nice guy and I think Butch liked him too (he doesn't talk much so it's hard to tell). Then a young man walked in, around 20 maybe 22? That's when the trouble started. I start hearing a low growl, like a dog growl. So I look down to find the source, and I find myself staring at Johnny with his lip curled in a snarl, staring at the man walking towards us. The young man sat on the other side of Butch (who was also staring at Johnny kind of weird). The man ordered a rum martini. Blaze kept fidgeting in his seat and sending disgusted glares at the man. I tried to get another conversation started again but it wouldn't get anywhere. All the while, the man kept sending nervous glances at Johnny!. I was at loss for words as to what to say so I tried to think of what in the world this man could have done to Blaze to make him so upset. When the person left, not ten seconds later did Johnny make excuses to leave, giving a shaky good bye. Me and Butch shared a knowing look. We knew something was up, so we followed him. Besides work hours were about over. Me and Butch peeked around the corner to see Blaze following the same man down an alley. \"What's he doing here?\" Butch asked. I replied with a shrug of the shoulder. The trail of the guy stopped when he came across a 14 year old girl (probably walking home). \"Hey!\" he shouted. Walking up to her he said \"Don't you know that its dangerous to be walking in an alley this late at night?\" She turned around and gave a weary smile \"Oh, I'm sorry. I was just heading home\"… \"not anymore\" was his reply interrupting her. \"Oh My God! I Can't Believe This! Butch Go Save Her!\" Butch was about to step in when he saw Blaze step in instead. Blaze nodded to the girl as a sign to get a move on, and she gladly obliged. \"Hey!\" He said.\"I was only going to have some fun! Why did you do that?\" Only one word was uttered out of Johnny's mouth…..\" Guilty \"… \"Hey man if you think you can take me then your poorly mistaken\"! Johnny only chuckled at that. The moon was out, id have to say that it was about 11:00. His chuckle turned into a hysterical laugh, and the bad man had the look of confusion on his face. \" What the heck kind of loony pills is Blaze on\"? Butch whispered to me , not helping the situation. The man pulled out a knife to try and frighten Johnny away, but this only seamed to throw him into a fit of cackling! He got a little to close to the bad guy while he was laughing his head off, so the man stabbed him. I would have screamed if it wasn't for Butch holding me back with his hands over my mouth. I knew he was only trying to protect me but it made me mad. This event however had no effect on him, the man pulled out the knife and his eyes, along with ours, widened as he realized that the knife was red with heat and melted. Johnny suddenly grabbed the man by the gruff of his jacket. As this was being done Blazes skin was being melted off while he was laughing hysterically like it was the funniest thing! We were both to stunned to move or even talk. All we could do was watch the gruesome scene unfold. All that was left was his skeleton and clothing now, and it was all accompanied with the presence of fire.(it was a wonder as to how his clothing didn't turn into ashes) The man was stunned to say the least. Blaze was now over his fit of cackling. \"What are you?\" the man managed to whisper. He didn't answer, Blaze, if it even is Johnny anymore, only stared into his soul for a good minute before saying, \" your worst nightmare\". The skeleton then lifted him higher making the man cry in fear. \"Look into my eyes, your soul is STAINED by the blood of the innocent, FEEL THEIR PAIN\" ….. His voice had changed along with his clothing. He now wore a leather jacket with large spikes, combat boots, black skinny jeans, and a chain around his waist. The man was screaming a silent scream with the look of pure terror on his face.. Butch buried his head in my hood (the big baby). His eyes turned coal black when Johnny dropped him. The man was now motionless on the ground, but not dead I could tell. The only time he would move was when his eyes would blink over the coal like interior…\"Wh-who…..are…..you? \"Were the only words he could manage to say. \"Ghost Rider\" Was his response. The rider then whistled shrilly (though I don't know how he did with no lips). I hear a loud roar of an engine, but it was like no engine I've ever heard. It was really loud and almost…. demonic. The motorcycle appeared by its self with a look to match its master. The rider hoped on and drove off right past us without notice, leaving a trail of fire and melted tar behind him. \"WOAH\"….was all we could say as we watched him drive off. ","Summary":" First oneshot fic so be nice! I DONT OWN GHOST RIDER! Aaaaannnndddd GO! He was an ordinary guy. May"},{"Movie":"Ghost Rider","Title":"Ghost Rider's Second Story","Author":"Venomous Queen","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8255843","Passage":"[Chapter 1] LilyPadFlower Hi DarkNintenCreator helo DarkNintenCreator [link] LilyPadFlower DarkNintenCreator idk XD LilyPadFlower X3 DarkNintenCreator Wanna begin? LilyPadFlower Sure DarkNintenCreator okay, u begin. LilyPadFlower {*sighs* Fine} S-Sorry about that... DarkNintenCreator Oh it's fine... DarkNintenCreator (I has a new OC!) LilyPadFlower {I know!} DarkNintenCreator ( ) LilyPadFlower *stands up, taps chin* What's missing?... DarkNintenCreator *eyes widen* Uh-... DarkNintenCreator *Dude bursts into the room or wherever they were lol* LilyPadFlower What the? DarkNintenCreator OKAY, SOMEONE PLEASE HIDE ME! *its a real dude. Like DUDE dude* LilyPadFlower Why? DarkNintenCreator The Devil... HE'S COMING FOR ME! DarkNintenCreator The Devil...? LilyPadFlower Oh god... Not Ninten AGAIN! DarkNintenCreator No no! It's the ACTUALL Devil! Like, Satan devil! LilyPadFlower ALEX, GET OUT HERE! *Alex comes from a separate room* LilyPadFlower Alex: What? DarkNintenCreator *breathing heavily* Help me... PLEASE! ANYBODY! LilyPadFlower Alex:...Oh great...Dad's coming, isn't he? LilyPadFlower Yep. DarkNintenCreator I DON'T WANT HIM TO FIND ME! DarkNintenCreator Can someone please calm him down~? LilyPadFlower Alex: Whoa, Jonathan, calm down! DarkNintenCreator NO ONE EVER TELLS ME TO CALM DOWN! *on fire* LilyPadFlower Alex: *sighs* God damn... *snaps fingers, fire goes out* DarkNintenCreator *doesn't go away* LilyPadFlower Alex:This is fucking stupid! DarkNintenCreator Holy crap... The only person I know who catches on fire and it can't be put out is... - Oh god... LilyPadFlower Alex and Me: What? DarkNintenCreator Ghost Rider... He's the son of Johnny Blaze... LilyPadFlower Holy shit... LilyPadFlower Alex: Ugh... DarkNintenCreator *not on fire anymore* Sorry... That tends to happen alot... But I onloy catch on fire if its during the day, not fully. DarkNintenCreator I guess that's good to know~ LilyPadFlower Yeah. LilyPadFlower Alex: *sighs* DarkNintenCreator *The Devil comes. The dude hides (the dude is like, 14)* LilyPadFlower {14? WTF?} Alex: Oh great... DarkNintenCreator ( XDDDD ) Why hello everyone. Nice to see you all here. LilyPadFlower Alex: Dad... why are you here? LilyPadFlower {Alex always calls Satan 'Dad', because he created her.} DarkNintenCreator I'm looking for someone. (oh okai) LilyPadFlower Alex: *sweatdrops* Oh, you are? DarkNintenCreator Yes I am. Do you know where I might find a lad by the name of Jonathan Blaze? DarkNintenCreator (Thats why I needed a name ) LilyPadFlower Alex: ...Hm...Nope. {Oh, THAT'S WHY. Also, Alex is a great liar.} DarkNintenCreator (Ha ha okai) I KNOW he's here. I can FEEL IT. Don't lie to me. LilyPadFlower Alex: *groans quietly* Fine...he's here, but I don't know where he's hiding, I wasn't paying attention. DarkNintenCreator :3 *walks over to behind something* Jonathan. You KNOW you can't hide from me. DarkNintenCreator *shivvers* LilyPadFlower *sighs* What the heck, Alex? LilyPadFlower Alex: I'm sorry! DarkNintenCreator *picks him up by the shirt collar* Starting tonight, you will collect the souls of the evil, and send them to me. In HELL! *disappears into the shadows* DarkNintenCreator Wait... Wh-What starts tonight? LilyPadFlower Alex: ...He has to... oh no... DarkNintenCreator What? What's the \"oh no\" for? Whats going on? LilyPadFlower Alex: I can't explain... but... a lot of people are gonna die. DarkNintenCreator O-O' LilyPadFlower Alex: *shudders* And I have feeling of who's gonna be first... DarkNintenCreator Wh-What? I'm sared to death right now! DarkNintenCreator scared*** LilyPadFlower Alex: *sighs* So are we... but there's nothing we can do... DarkNintenCreator ( [link] The first night. IN THE ACTUAL GHOST RIDER MOVIE! Just to let you see how painful and scary it is... Ugh...) DarkNintenCreator *literally freaking out* DarkNintenCreator (How do you copy and paste?) DarkNintenCreator (HELLO? U DEAD?) LilyPadFlower {Press Control and C to copy(you have to highlight whatever you try to copy, though.} LilyPadFlower {No.} DarkNintenCreator (KK) LilyPadFlower {And to paste, press Control and V} DarkNintenCreator (okay dank u) LilyPadFlower {My whole spacebar is gone, so it'll take me a while to reply to things. And no prob!} DarkNintenCreator Jonathan... Please calm down... (okay.) LilyPadFlower Alex: That's not possible... DarkNintenCreator *breathing heavily* HOLY CRAP... HOOOOLLLY CRAP... AM I SERIOUSLY GONNA KILL PEOPLE? LilyPadFlower Alex and Me: Yes... DarkNintenCreator I DON'T WANT TO HURT ANYBODY! LilyPadFlower It's not a process you can control... DarkNintenCreator BUT...BUT... I DON'T WANT TO DEAL WITH THIS! LilyPadFlower Alex: There's nothing you can do! Dad made his decision, you can't change it! DarkNintenCreator WHAT DECISION? DarkNintenCreator *puts hands behind back innocently* LilyPadFlower Alex: To choose you as Ghost Rider! LilyPadFlower *looks at Mercy with a slight glare* DarkNintenCreator What~? LilyPadFlower Nothing... DarkNintenCreator GH-GH-GHOST RIDER? *breathing a little too heavily* LilyPadFlower Alex: Yep. DarkNintenCreator BUT-BUT MY DAD IS GHOST RIDER! But...He passed... LilyPadFlower Alex: It does pass from generation to generation sometimes... DarkNintenCreator I KNOW, BUT THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE, UNLESS I WAS BORN WITHOUT A SOUL! LilyPadFlower Alex: *looks at him* You were born without a soul. I can't sense one. DarkNintenCreator AND REPLACED WITH A SOUL EATING DEMON! DarkNintenCreator -Wait... LilyPadFlower Alex: What? DarkNintenCreator Guys, the moon is up~. LilyPadFlower What type of moon? DarkNintenCreator Full. LilyPadFlower Oh shit. DarkNintenCreator *breathing heavily* My skull feels like its on fire... LilyPadFlower Alex, should we leave the building? LilyPadFlower Alex: Yes. DarkNintenCreator I'm coming with you. Or maybe I should stay with Jonathan... LilyPadFlower Alex: Hey, your death wish. LilyPadFlower *hits Alex* Don't say that. DarkNintenCreator But I;m not a bad person! What are you saying~? DarkNintenCreator Guys, can someone PLEASE HELP ME! LilyPadFlower Alex: *sighs* Nothing. DarkNintenCreator *does what happens in the video I showed you. LOL I totally was too bored to say what really happens* LilyPadFlower Alex: Holy... DarkNintenCreator *whimpers* TMI... *walks away* DarkNintenCreator * treacherous roar* LilyPadFlower *follows, Alex stays with him* DarkNintenCreator Alex! LilyPadFlower She'll be fine. DarkNintenCreator Are you sure? LilyPadFlower You'll know if she gets hurt. DarkNintenCreator How will I know if she gets hurt if I'm not with her? LilyPadFlower Because... I'll be hurt. DarkNintenCreator What? LilyPadFlower Alex isn't who you think she is. DarkNintenCreator ... LilyPadFlower Alex: Why the fuck didn't I run? *sighs* DarkNintenCreator *glares at you* LilyPadFlower Alex: *twitches* DarkNintenCreator *begins to walk over to you, flames increasing* LilyPadFlower Alex: *starts walking backwards* DarkNintenCreator *eerie voice* You can run...But you CAN'T hide... LilyPadFlower Alex: *looks down, smirks* Oh really? DarkNintenCreator You would be surprised... LilyPadFlower Alex: Question. Who made you this way? DarkNintenCreator . . . *roars at you* LilyPadFlower Alex: You REALLY think that scares me? DarkNintenCreator Everything ABOUT me should scare you! *grabs onto your shirt* LilyPadFlower Alex: *snickers, which turns into a laugh* When you're the daughter of Satan, nothing scares you! DarkNintenCreator *grabs on tighter* Look into my eyes. LilyPadFlower Alex: *looks into his eyes* Still not scaring me. DarkNintenCreator *lets go of you* LilyPadFlower Alex: Wow, I'm surprised you didn't notice that earlier. DarkNintenCreator *looks down, walks away* LilyPadFlower Alex: *watches him* DarkNintenCreator *turns around quickly and roars at you. Gets a long chain* LilyPadFlower Alex: *sighs, mutters something in Japanese* DarkNintenCreator *throws (not the whole) chain at you and ties you up* LilyPadFlower Alex: *twitches* DarkNintenCreator *pulls it back* (when he does that, the enemy turns to crisps) LilyPadFlower Alex: *turns to crisps, but turns back into herself a second later* You never learn, do you? DarkNintenCreator *glares at you* LilyPadFlower Alex: *smirks, puts hands on hips* DarkNintenCreator *growls* LilyPadFlower Alex: *roars* DarkNintenCreator *clenches fists and roars threateningly* LilyPadFlower Alex: Hmph... DarkNintenCreator *looks away* LilyPadFlower Alex: *taps her foot once* DarkNintenCreator You're not worth my time. *walks away* LilyPadFlower Alex: Well, that is a good thing.| But I'm worried about the others... DarkNintenCreator *heads for Mecca and Mercy* LilyPadFlower Alex: Oh FUCK! *teleports* DarkNintenCreator Mecca, I feel like we're being followed... LilyPadFlower *looks behind us* Uhm...W-We are... DarkNintenCreator What is it-... God... LilyPadFlower We are screwed... DarkNintenCreator *gets the chain* DarkNintenCreator O-O' LilyPadFlower Running won't help...so...*grabs Mercy's hand* Let's try this. *teleports* DarkNintenCreator *teleportation didn't work* You wish. *throws chain at Mercy (NOT THE WHOLE CHAIN)* DarkNintenCreator Ahhh! Ow! *skin is burning* Mecca! LilyPadFlower God damn... DarkNintenCreator Mecca! HELP! *Jonathan pulls the chain back, and Mercy burns to crisps.* LilyPadFlower *growls* DarkNintenCreator What will you do now? LilyPadFlower You are a bastard... DarkNintenCreator Oh yeah? Well, you're pissin' me off! *throws chain at you* LilyPadFlower *catches the chain* DarkNintenCreator *Makes the chain catch fire* LilyPadFlower That doesn't hurt. DarkNintenCreator ... LilyPadFlower What will you do now? DarkNintenCreator *sun comes up* ... *falls on the ground* LilyPadFlower *drops the chain, walks over to him* DarkNintenCreator *not responding* LilyPadFlower *crouches next to him* Oh god... DarkNintenCreator *normal* Ngh... LilyPadFlower *crouches next to him* Oh god... DarkNintenCreator *normal* Ngh... LilyPadFlower Mecca. *helps him stand up* DarkNintenCreator Oh... Mecca... LilyPadFlower You feeling okay? You hit the ground pretty hard. DarkNintenCreator Yeah... But what happened last night? LilyPadFlower You don't remember? DarkNintenCreator No... I don't remember a thing... LilyPadFlower Hmm... DarkNintenCreator Could you tell me what happened? LilyPadFlower Oh. Well, you attacked Alex and...*points over to where Mercy was, looking down* DarkNintenCreator *gasp* WHAT? Did I...Do that to her? LilyPadFlower *nods* DarkNintenCreator *cries* I didn't mean to! LilyPadFlower I know you didn't, you weren't yourself. DarkNintenCreator ...Ghost Rider... LilyPadFlower Yeah... DarkNintenCreator *cries more* I'm a monster! LilyPadFlower No you're not! DarkNintenCreator YES I AM! *on fire* DarkNintenCreator -... See? *not on fire* LilyPadFlower *grabs his hand* Look... you're not a monster. I am. DarkNintenCreator Y-You? How? LilyPadFlower *sighs, lets go of his hand, claws extend, ears and tail come up, hair turns red, eyes turn neon yellow, fangs come out* ...See? DarkNintenCreator I've seen worse. *looks down and turns around* LilyPadFlower Hm... Ninten is probably worse than you, being His son DarkNintenCreator Please don't say his name. LilyPadFlower I won't. DarkNintenCreator Thank you. LilyPadFlower *sighs,ear, tail, and claws disappear, hair and eyes turn brown, but fangs stay* You really don't have much self confidence, do you? DarkNintenCreator Guess not. LilyPadFlower I can understand... *puts a hand on his shoulder* DarkNintenCreator No. I don't think you understand. Do you KNOW who I AM? LilyPadFlower I know who you are, and I don't care! I couldn't give a damn if your Ghost Rider! DarkNintenCreator *growls and crosses arms* LilyPadFlower *sighs* DarkNintenCreator *walks away* Leave me alone... LilyPadFlower Fine. *walks off in a separate direction* DarkNintenCreator *you have a vision of Mercy* Don't leave him, Mecca. You know he wouldn't like being alone. LilyPadFlower Eh?... What was that? DarkNintenCreator *silence* LilyPadFlower *sighs, follows him secretly* DarkNintenCreator *goes to some cave-ish place and reads a book. Reads about using fire and controlling it* LilyPadFlower *hides behind a tree, watches him* DarkNintenCreator *reads the words out loud, then stands up* LilyPadFlower *hides* DarkNintenCreator *puts hand up and focuses on fire* (DONT WORRY, HE CAN ONLY GET HIS HAND ON FIRE) LilyPadFlower {K} *puts out index finger, fire appears ontop of it* DarkNintenCreator *The fire on your finger is somehow two times stronger than it is supposed to be, because of Jonathan* DarkNintenCreator *hand starts to get on fire* LilyPadFlower *clenches fist, fist is on fire* DarkNintenCreator *fire is called to Jonathan* Whoa! What? LilyPadFlower *whispers* What the? DarkNintenCreator Hmmm... *walks over* LilyPadFlower *doesn't notice* DarkNintenCreator *moves the tree* O_O' LilyPadFlower *twitches* DarkNintenCreator What are you DOING HERE? LilyPadFlower U-Uhm... DarkNintenCreator *grabs onto your shirt tightly* Answer. My. Question. LilyPadFlower *glares* I know you don't want to be alone, no matter how much you say otherwise. DarkNintenCreator . . . LilyPadFlower *sighs* DarkNintenCreator That's pretty emberrassing that you knew that... LilyPadFlower *scratches the back of my head* DarkNintenCreator Hmmmm... *sits down* LilyPadFlower Oh no... DarkNintenCreator What? *looks outside* Ohhhh god... LilyPadFlower I'm scared now... DarkNintenCreator *whimpers* DarkNintenCreator .I... LilyPadFlower *looks down* DarkNintenCreator ... Get me to a different location. NOW. LilyPadFlower *nods, grabs his hand, teleports* DarkNintenCreator *trying to fight it back* LilyPadFlower *grabs onto his hand tightly* DarkNintenCreator *shuts eyes tightly* Get away. I don't want to hurt you! LilyPadFlower *looks at him sadly, let's go of hand, teleports* DarkNintenCreator *falls to his knees and pulls his hair* ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! LilyPadFlower *looks down* DarkNintenCreator Jonathan? Jonathan, where are you? (me) DarkNintenCreator Mecca, are you sure he's here? LilyPadFlower Yeah, I'm sure. DarkNintenCreator I just KNOW I'm gonna get myself killed out here. Who did you say his father was? LilyPadFlower His father is Johnny Blaze. DarkNintenCreator Johnny-... Ghost Rider? Are you CRAZY? I'm gonna DIE! LilyPadFlower Okay, I'm not crazy, and you know that. DarkNintenCreator I know, but DUDE! Just, DUDE! LilyPadFlower *growls* He told me to stay away from there, so what the hell am I SUPPOSED TO DO? DarkNintenCreator WELL, IF I DIE, JUST COME HERE AND DO SOMETHIN-... *sees Jonathan* DarkNintenCreator *glares at me* LilyPadFlower What? You see him? DarkNintenCreator ...Yep. LilyPadFlower Oh god... DarkNintenCreator That's what I said. DarkNintenCreator *deadly roar* LilyPadFlower Okay...I heard that roar... You might... want to run now... DarkNintenCreator You just read my mind. *runs* DarkNintenCreator *growls and follows* DarkNintenCreator OH GOD, HE'S FOLLOWING ME, AND DAMN HE'S FAST! LilyPadFlower OH SHIT... DarkNintenCreator YOU KNOW I AINT A GOOD RUNNER. LilyPadFlower ...I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO, I CAN'T USE MAGIC THROUGH THE PHONE... DarkNintenCreator JUST DO SOMETHIN'. WHAT'S HIS DAD'S WEAK POINT! (love) LilyPadFlower ...His weakpoint...is love. DarkNintenCreator Loooooove... Hmmmm... Do you know who Jonathan loves or like, cares about in this case? LilyPadFlower ...U-Uhm... DarkNintenCreator Well, do ya? LilyPadFlower N-No... DarkNintenCreator GOD DAMMIT, MECCA! CAN'T YOU HELP ME JUST ONCE? LilyPadFlower I'M NOT SURE IF IT'S ME OR NOT, KATARA! DarkNintenCreator WELL, DO SOMETHING CUZ- *gets tied up by chains* HOLY CRAP LilyPadFlower Oh god...NONONONONONO! *teleports to behind Jonathan* DarkNintenCreator *turns around quickly, then freezes. Flames turn blue* LilyPadFlower *walks up to him* DarkNintenCreator *stares at you* LilyPadFlower *tries to touch his face* DarkNintenCreator ...Monster... *turns away* LilyPadFlower I'm not afraid... *touches his cheek* DarkNintenCreator *flames start to go away, revealing his face* ... LilyPadFlower *faintly smiles* DarkNintenCreator *stares at you* LilyPadFlower*looks down, blushes mildly* DarkNintenCreator *looks behind his shoulder, seeing me totally pale* LilyPadFlower Can you let her go? DarkNintenCreator Uhhhhh Hello ! LilyPadFlower Jon... DarkNintenCreator Yeah? LilyPadFlower Can you let her go? DarkNintenCreator O-Oh yeah. DarkNintenCreator *pulls off the chains gently* DarkNintenCreator OH THANK GOD! LilyPadFlower *laughs* You're over dramatic, Katara. DarkNintenCreator I was scared! DarkNintenCreator ^^; Whoops... LilyPadFlower *sighs* DarkNintenCreator It's okay, Jonathan. LilyPadFlower *grabs Jonathan's hand* DarkNintenCreator *blushes* LilyPadFlower *giggles* DarkNintenCreator *blushes madly* LilyPadFlower You're cute when you blush. DarkNintenCreator Heh... LilyPadFlower *grins* ","Summary":" LilyPadFlower Hi DarkNintenCreator helo DarkNintenCreator [link] LilyPadFlower DarkNintenCreator id"},{"Movie":"Ghost Rider","Title":"Feliz cumpleaños, Alexa","Author":"Faiwill","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8165150","Passage":"[Chapter 1] La observaba. Casi podía sentirla a centímetros de él aunque estuvieran a unos metros. Se escondía aprovechando la oscuridad de la noche y observaba cómo caminaba, estaba cerca de su casa y pronto desaparecería de su vista. - Alexa… murmuró. Suficiente para que ella lo escuchara y se girara para ver quién la había llamado. Aunque no vio a nadie, notó que su mirada pasaba de tranquila a frustrada. Después de todo, no es demasiado tranquilizador encontrarte un desconocido en una calle cuando estás totalmente sola. - Alexa… murmuró de nuevo, esta vez había sido más cerca. La chica se giró. Su rostro ya no estaba asustado, sino enfadado. - No tiene gracia, ya puedes salir quién quiera que seas gritó, pero hubo un absoluto silencio. Blackheart se sentía enfadado al ser comparado con cualquier mortal haciéndose el gracioso. Sé taekwondo añadió y no pudo reprimir una carcajada. Alexa estuvo unos segundos parada sin saber muy bien qué hacer y finalmente optó por terminar el trayecto que faltaba hacia su casa corriendo. Maldición… se quejó internamente Blackheart. Horas más tarde, Alexa se encontraba en su habitación pensando lo ocurrido. No les había comentado nada de lo sucedido a su madre ni a Johnny por temor a que la consideraran una paranoica, pero ella de verdad había escuchado esa voz llamandola. Se levantó para cerrar la ventana, ya iba haciendo frío, cuando se giró vio un par de ojos celestes a centímetros de ella. La embargó una extraña sensación de cálidez antes de que analizara la situación. Blackheart estaba en su habitación. De noche. A solas con ella. Abrió la boca para gritar, pero él fue más rápido. Alexa agarró una silla amenazando a Blackheart. - Será mejor que me digas qué haces aquí o de lo contrario… empezó, aunque se cortó a sí misma su amenaza al darse cuenta que si podría estar paranoica. De acuerdo, no importa… pero contéstame dijo mientras dejaba la silla en su sitio. Blackheart sonrió. Quería verte contestó simplemente. Esto hizo que Alexa se sonrojara. - Si es de madrugada… comentó. - ¿Tú no querías verme? preguntó mientras le sonreía de manera seductora. - Claro que quería, pero… se mordió el labio mientras sentía sonrojarse aún mas. Diablos… ¿por qué no podía actuar con normalidad aunque le resultase atractivo? Justo cuando iba a decir algo, la besó. Alexa no sabía definirlo muy bien… era una mezcla de deseo, cálidez, necesidad e intranquilidad por su parte que la dejaba confundida. Le correspondió, pero segundos después, habían parado de besarse. - Estoy aquí para felicitarte por tu cumpleaños. Te he traído un regalo Ella no sabía cómo se había enterado, pero le miró ilusionada y con una sonrisa. - Antes tienes que prometerme que no abrirás los ojos hasta que me haya ido se extrañó de su condición, pero asintió y los cerró. Segundos después, notó un poco de frío y los abrió. No notaba nada nuevo en su habitación hasta que se giró y abrió los ojos mirando con miedo el regalo de Blackheart. Nada más y nada menos que un cadáver. Escuchó un feliz cumpleaños, Alexa acompañado de una carcajada. Desde luego sabía dejar huella… Notas de autora: Hola de nuevo! bueno, este fic está dedicado a TwistedMindDevi con la colaboración de nuestro Blackheart (?) Espero que te guste ah, se me olvidaba, el personaje de Alexa es suyo pero me cedió un pequeño permiso para utilizarlo xD ","Summary":" La observaba. Casi podía sentirla a centímetros de él aunque estuvieran a unos metros. Se escondía "},{"Movie":"Dracula Untold","Title":"Dracula's Curse","Author":"WintersStar","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10751056","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Vlad has found Mina, but what is to happen now that he is being called upon by the one who made him? Will Mina run from the monster she finds him out to be, run from the history of Vlad the Impaler, from the monster that is taking over his body. And what of Vlad, will he obey as he had sworn he would do, or will he find a way out from under the masters grasp? Disclaimer: I do not own any characters from the movie Dracula Untold, nor from Bram Stoker's novel Dracula. Chapter One: Lost Souls \"That's my favorite poem.\" Mina said as Vlad had finished reciting the poem to her. Turning and walking back to the man with wavy hair slicked back and stormy blue eyes, standing tall dressed in black. He smiled, but something in his eyes spoke of a sorrow that one could never imagine. \"How did you know?\" she asked him. \"How did I know that was your favorite poem? I didn't, I only thought it would e something someone of your loveliness would appreciate.\" His compliment made her blush, and his accent piqued her curiosity. \"Where are you from?\" She asked, earning her a chuckle from him, and his smile to widen. \"A long way from here.\" Was his only response, but he seemed to b avoiding the question, so she let it drop, it wasn't her business anyways. And before she knew it, he was walking by her side, and they were just, talking. Not about anything special, just talking. They talked for what seemed like hours, Mina enjoying every minute of it, and when she would smile, she noticed, he would smile in response, and would adopt a look in his eye of intense, deep longing. Soon they were sitting on a park bench, admiring the trees and their changing colors, dancing in the wind, standing out from the dark clouds. But when she realized the time, she had to get home. \"Would you like me to walk you home?\" Vlad asked, sad to see her going so soon. Never, had a man asked her if she would like them to walk her home, and she found, she rather liked it. \"Yes, I would like that very much.\" Mina replied to him with a large smile. And seeing his eyes light up like a child's eye's would, she felt her heart give in to him just a little bit more. Upon arriving back at her home, Mina turned around to look at Vlad, and since she was now standing on the steps, she was about equal to his height and could look him right I the eyes. And when she did, she was transfixed, his stormy blue eyes held her gaze, and made her heart race. \"Until we meat again.\" Vlad said, breaking the spell that had woven itself around Mina, and bringing her hand up to his lips, giving a small kiss to signal his farewell. But before he could disappear into the darkness, Mina called out to him. \"Wait. How will we see each other again? I only know your name, why don't you come by tomorrow night and I can cook dinner for you?\" She asked him sweetly, hoping inside he would say yes. Surprised by her invitation, Vlad couldn't speak for a moment, his eyes slightly widening. But he quickly regained his composure, as to not keep her waiting for a response. \"I would be honored to be your guest, Miss. Mina.\" He said to her, \"Shall we say around eight then?\" Delighted by his acceptance, Mina could only nod her head enthusiastically, already counting down the minutes until she would see him again. Vlad, seeing her happiness at his response, brought her hand to his lips once again, this time in a final farewell for the night. \"Until tomorrow, then.\" He said, and disappeared into the night. Mina stood there for a few minutes, delighted by what had just happened, and she whispered, \"Farewell.\" Under her breath, thinking that he was already long gone. XxxxxXxxxxX After saying his final farewell, Vlad slipped into the shadows, but he didn't leave her. How could he, after finally finding his wife again, he would not leave her for a minute if he could help it. And after hearing her whisper her farewell he was spell bound to her. That is, until, he heard footsteps coming up from behind him. And upon turning around, what he saw sent a shiver up his spine. \"Hello, Dracula.\" Said the one who made him. Vlad was hardly able to keep his composure. This man, no, this thing, that had given him this curse, that had caused him to lose everything, now standing before him, after so many years. \"So,\" Vlad seethed from between his teeth, clenching his hands in hatred, \"We meat again.\" This caused the master to laugh, something that sounded like paper being torn. \"Oh, I have kept my eye on you since the moment you drank your first drop of blood. I told you when we made our deal, that I would come for you one of these days, and I am here now to tell you that day has come.\" This made Vlad look away from the one that had given him his dark gift, clenching his fists even tighter, cutting his flesh. \"That day may have come for you, but it has not come for me, and it never will. I am not your slave!\" Vlad spoke, his voice full of disdain. But this was not what the Master was expecting, in fact, he had expected some resistance, but not out right refusal. \"You cannot refuse me! I gave you this life, and you owe me!\" The Master huffed back at Vlad, \"You will do what I say, or I will make your life hell.\" Now his voice was filled with poison, full of a promise that Vlad would regret his decision. \"I can, and I have, now leave.\" Vlad growled, his eyes glowing red with his hatred peaking, his skin graying and his fangs growing. This caused the Master to give a small snarl, but he then restrained himself. \"You will regret this.\" And with that, the Master disappeared into the night, leaving Vlad hungry for blood. XxxxxXxxxxX For the remainder of the night, Vlad drank his fill of blood from multiple victims, relishing in the warmth and good feeling that came with it. But soon dawn came, and he had to go back to his home. As the swarm of bats arrived at the open tower window, Vlad formed in the middle of the circular tower room. Closing the window and drawing the curtains just in time before the sun rose, but not soon enough to escape it entirely. Hissing and jumping back, Vlad held his hand as it healed, and once it did, he headed down into the main living room. There, he sat at the head of his large cherry wood table, thinking about what he would do next. He was not once the most feared man for nothing, and he would think of a plan to defeat the Master. For hours he sat, thinking, planning, until he saw the time, 7:30 pm. Only half an hour left before he was to arrive at Mina's home, to have dinner with her. Dinner, the thought made him laugh, so long had he dreamed of once again enjoying the company of his wife, and now, with Miss. Mina, who is so much like his late wife, he can once again relish in time spent with her. He had to change his cloths to, something he wasn't wearing the day before. Up in his room, Vlad threw open his wardrobe doors and was met with his array of, black. Searching, he found his blood red silk evening shirt, and with that he wore his fitted black vest with black threading running over it, along with a pair of black dress pants, and finally his black coat. Looking over himself in his mirror, he deemed his outfit acceptable for dinner with Mina. Looking over at the clock again, he saw that it was now quarter of eight, enough time for him to get her some flowers, red roses, those were always Mirena's favorite. After retrieving a bouquet of red roses, he traveled to Mina's house, and knocked three times on her door. xxx Mina was a mess. Not only could she not stop thinking about Vlad the whole day, but she cleaned her entire house from top to bottom, twice. And thinking that wasn't good enough, she scrubbed the floors on hands and knew to give them an extra shine. What is wrong with me, she thought, we've only just met and I've already invited him into my home, for dinner. Usually when I meet a guy we go for coffee, but...it's almost like I know him, met him before. He feel's comfortable, safe, like the only person who would ever be able to keep me safe and happy. Looking over at the time, Mina saw that he would be coming over in two hours, time to think of dinner. As she was making her way to the kitchen, she froze, she hadn't asked him about his diet; what if he was a vegetarian, what if he had allergies? Better to stick to something safe then; salad, with spaghetti and garlic bread. With a reassuring nod to herself she continued on her way to the kitchen, she would need about 45 minutes to get the garlic bread just right, and a salad she could make now and stick I the fridge, and spaghetti, that takes just a few minutes, problem solved. Setting the water to boil ten minutes before Vlad was supposed to come, Mina headed up to her room to get ready. Her blond hair was short, so that's easy, she already had makeup on, maybe just touch it up a bit, but what to wear. Walking over to her closet, she was met with an array of colors, blues, greens, purples, pinks, every color. Maybe a pair of her jeans and a nice top, no, he seems to dress nicely, very nicely from what she saw yesterday, something more formal. Pulling out a indigo dress, a little longer than her knees, with a v neck and short sleeves, she felt a smile spread across her face. It was perfect, just wear some black stalking's with it and it would be just what she was looking for. Dressing quickly, and touching up on her makeup, she finished just in time before three knocks resonated from her door. xxx As Vlad stood on her doorstep, roses in hand, he was nervous. He worried about how Mina would receive him, if she would like the roses, if she even still wanted him there. But all those thoughts were pushed aside as he hears he coming to the door, and when she opened it, he was shocked at her beauty. Her blue dress complemented her bright blue eyes, her short blond hair sitting perfectly atop her head, her red lips smiling at him. \"Good evening, Miss. Mina.\" Vlad said smoothly, doing his best to cover his unease. \"You look beautiful.\" Mina, not picking up on his unease, smiled even bigger at his complement. \"Thank you Vlad, you don't look to bad yourself. Come in, please.\" She said, moving aside to allow him to enter her home. When he walked in, he heald out the roses to her. \"These are for you, I hope that you like roses, something about you told me you would.\" Looking at the roses, Mina accepted them with a smile. \"Roses are my favorite, especially the red ones.\" Looking back up into Vlads eyes, Mina gave him a curious look. \"You always seem to know what I like Vlad, how do you accomplish it?\" \"I like roses as well, and I always thought that the other color's seemed fake, and so I brought you red roses. There scent really is unmatched by most other flowers, and when I saw them, I thought there loveliness would only serve to enhance your own.\" Regaining his confidence, Vlad looked her in the eye, adopting an air of mystery that seemed to draw her in. Closing her eyes, Mina broke the spell that was wrapping itself around her again. \"I'll just put these in water then.\" She said, and retreated back into the kitchen. When she left, Vlad looked around her apartment. Her color scheme seemed to be red and black, just his style. The walls were painted a burgundy color, with black drapes covering the windows, a black sofa sat atop a red rug with a black coffee table with a glass top to go with it. Cozy, he thought, something that he wouldn't mind experiencing with her, just sitting on the comfortable looking sofa, holding her in his arms as he read to her a book of poems, just as he used to do. \"Dinner's almost ready.\" Mina spoke to him from the kitchen, bringing him back from his memories, and drawing him to the kitchen. \"I hope you like spaghetti. It seemed the best meal to make, seeing as I neglected to ask what you ate.\" Looking up at him from over the cooking pasta, she smiled. \"Would you mind getting the plates from that cabinet?\" \"Of coarse not.\" was Vlad's reply. Once he had gotten the plates he went about setting the table, ad Mina brought over their dinner. xxx As the two sat down for their meal, Mina saw a chance to ask him more about himself. \"So really, where are you from?\" she inquired, though her curiosity about this man knew no bounds. \"As I said, a long way from here.\" Vlad replied, but seeing her face fall slightly, he saw no harm in telling her. \"But if you must know, I come from Transylvania.\" \"Would you tell me about it, I've always wanted to go and study the history, or more specifically, one man in particular. In fact you share his name, Vlad Tepes.\" At hearing his name, Vlad froze for a moment. She wanted to study him, wonderful. \"Vlad the Impaler, and what makes you so interested in him?\" Vlad asked her, trying to be as calm as he could. \"Something about is story I guess. There's so much debate over who he was; a hero or a villain. People think that because he impaled his enemy's on sticks makes him a bad guy, but what if he had a reason to do it, what if it was some kind of fear tactic. He had a family that loved him, that must mean that he was a good person, right?\" Mina was gone, she was lost in the history, the history of his life. \"Men do not fear swords, they fear monsters.\" Vlad said, \"I believe that the Impaler did what was necessary to protect his people, and his family, even though he was betrayed in the end.\" Upon speaking the last part, his grip tightened on his glass, nearly shattering it, before he realized what he was doing. \"How do you know that, noting is known of his death, his body hasn't even been found.\" Mina asked, looking at him strangely. \"Speculation, his entire kingdom was wiped out in a matter of days, and his family along with it, what else could it be but betrayal?\" He covered his slip up with, portraying no emotion towards the subject. Seeming to accept his reasoning, Mina changed the subject. \"So how is your dinner, do you like it?\" she asked, not realizing how much she wanted his praise. Thankful for the topic change, Vlad smiled. \"Yes, it is quite lovely, you did a wonderful job.\" He told her, making her smile all the more. As the two finished dinner, Vlad not having any of the garlic bread, they made their way into the foyer, where Vlad would bit her a fond farewell. \"Thank you for a wonderful meal Mina, I had a wonderful time.\" Vlad said, bringing her hand to his lips to brush a goodbye kiss over her knuckles. But he froze when he felt his fangs growing, and quickly released her hand. Mina, seeming to see a slight change in his demeanor, ignored it. \"When shall I see you again?\" she asked sweetly, looking up to his eyes. Vlad, who was now panicking, averted his gaze from hers, and tried his best to regain control over his body. \"How about the night after tomorrow?\" he suggested, only wanting to leave now, for fear of what might happen if he didn't. Thinking it over, Mina gave a smile and a nod of her head, to signify her approval of that date. \"Same time?\" she asked, only to receive a curt nod from Vlad. Seeing that something had changed, she bid her goodnight to him, and he left, with not so much as another word to her. xxx Vlad, having escaped without harming Mina, went in search of the next person he could find, a pain in his stomach filling every fiber of his being. Finding his next victim, Vlad made quick work of draining their body dry, all the while thinking of what the Master had said to him. He would learn to regret his refusal. A/N: well that was exciting. I just saw this movie Dracula Untold opening night and was amazed with it. I loved it so much so I had to start a fanfic for it. I hope you all like it and leave a review. Criticism is wanted to make this story more enjoyable for you, so please review![Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I do not own any characters from the movie Dracula Untold, nor from Bram Stoker's novel Dracula. A/N: Alright guys, thanks so much for all the wonderful reviews. Now I've gotten a few questions about the poem/wedding vows that Vlad recites to Mina at the end. The poem is called \"Life and Death\" by a man named Rumi. It's extremely long, but after watching the movie for a second time I listened for the line he says and it was, \"Why think separately of this life and the next when one is born from the last.\" I hope that you all enjoy this chapter and leave a review! BTW, is anyone else really glad they had Luke Evans play Vlad? I for one thought he was the perfect choice. He's always had minor roles in other things, and I'm really glad they saw his strength's and gave him the part. Chapter Two: New Beginnings The morning after her dinner with Vlad, Mina met up with her best friend Lucy for a cup of coffee before there morning classes. They were both studying to be historians, Mina's focus on Transylvania, Lucy's on the medieval age. Arriving at the coffee shop, Mina looked for the familiar head of long blond curls, ad seeing her, Mina made her way over to Lucy. \"Hey.\" Mina greeted Lucy when she reached her. Mina had always admired Lucy, her light brown eyes always sparkled with happiness, her bright smile with big red lips, along with her pale skin. Mina had always loved the way Lucy looked, and how she didn't think she was better than everyone due to her looks. Ya, they were fast friends. \"Hey, \"Lucy said back, giving her a quick hug, \"I was wondering when you would get here.\" She halfheartedly scolded, bursting into a smile, unable to pretend to be mad at Mina for long. But after closer inspection of her friend, Lucy could see that something was different. \"Well, what's new with you now, Mina?\" Lucy asked curiously. This caused Mina's cheek's to flush a little and to cast her eyes downwards. From these signs, Lucy could tell immediately, and her eyes widened as she over exaggerated her gasp. \"Oh Mina, who is he to have you so worked up so quickly?\" Mina, knowing that she couldn't hide anything from her best friend, had to tell her about the mysterious Vlad whom she had just men only two days ago. And who she had already had dinner with. \"Oh Mina, he must be special if you've already had dinner with him. You never do that with any man that ever shows an interest in you.\" Lucy sighed, wishing that she had Mina's good fortune, \"When are you going to meat him next?\" She asked with renewed enthusiasm. \"Tomorrow night, I'm not sure if we'll be having dinner again or do something else, but we'll see when he comes over.\" Mina said sheepishly. \"Well why don't you just call him and ask?\" Lucy suggested, thinking it to be the most natural thing to do. \"But that's ust it, I don't have his phone number, when he laft last night, he seemed to be in a rush. Something about him changed.\" Mina said, and looking up into her friends eyes she saw confusion, so she tried to explain more, \"Well you know how I said he would always kiss my hand when he greeted me or was leaving?\" Lucy nodded, \"Well last night he didn't, I know it's stupid bet he seemed like he was in pain or something.\" \"Mina, just because he didn't kiss your hand doesn't mean anything, okay?\" Lucy said to her. \"Ya I know, don't make me sound like some rotten spoiled princess okay?\" This make Lucy laugh, and Mina joined in with her, her worries about Vlad seeming to have disappeared from talking to Lucy. \"Go on, your next in line.\" Just seeming to realize this, Mina went to the counter to order a French vanilla iced coffee. XxxxxXxxxxX Pacing in his room, Vlad could not stop thinking about what happened the previous night with Mina. How he could barely control himself at the end of their evening, usually he is in complete control. The Master. It must have been his doing. As Vlad's pacing brought him over to the side of his room that his desk stood, overcome with rage he picked up one of the lamps that sat upon the finely carved dark stained wood and threw it against the wall, shattering it. With this outburst of anger, Vlad's eyes were flashing red, his fangs coming out, which only caused him to become even angrier, since he was no longer in control of his own body. And looking over at the clock, he saw that it was midday, no chance of going out to satiate his hunger, which had been growing as well since the arrival of the Master. And so, with a sigh, Vlad tried to calm down as best he could, regaining control. Sitting down at his desk, he rested his head against his entwined hands, just breathing, trying to remain calm. Looking over at the painting of his wife, Mirena, he sighed, feeling tears sting behind his eyes, demanding to be let lose. \"Oh Mirena,\" he whispered, reaching a hand out to stroke the side of her painted face, her lovely smile still bright and beautiful, \"What am I to do, I finally found you, and yet we are still so far apart.\" His voice broke slightly, and he finally did allow a single tear to escape, before he quickly wiped it away, trying to regain his composure. But it was too late, his mind was already wandering back to the happy times with his Mirena. XxxxxXxxxxX \"Vlad, you simply must spend the day with me!\" came the lovely, sweet voice of Mirena as she ran over to Vlad who stood at the table in their chambers that held his documents, throwing her arms around his neck and kissing him. \"My Mirena, what has gotten into you?\" Vlad asked with a chuckle, returning her kiss. \"It is a beautiful day outside and I will not have you shut away in here, you simply must have a picnic with me!\" Mirena giggled. \"I see that I have no option, you make one compelling argument.\" Vlad replied, grinning at the thought of spending the whole day with his love. \"I'll send word to the kitchen and have them prepare something.\" And with that, Vlad headed out of the room to alert the kitchen staff of his change in plans. xxx Heading out into the fields on the warm spring day, not a cloud in the bright blue sky, Vlad carrying a small lunch with him as he watched Mirena skip in the open field, her scarlet gown blowing in the breeze. As she went on ahead, Vlad could resist no more, and chased after her, listening as her laughter joined with his own. \"Come on Vlad, catch me!\" Mirena giggled as she ran from the man that had stolen her heart. Wanting her in his arms, Vlad made quick work of catching up to her and wrapping his arms around her waist, drawing her close to him and he fell on his back in the field, both laughing. After a few minutes of enjoying the feel of one another, watching the trees dance in the breeze, Mirena perched up n her elbow to look into Vlad's stormy blue eyes. Soon she adopted a serious look, she could always tell when Vlad was hiding something troubling. \"What is wrong?\" she finally asked, and once she did, she saw his happy expression turn to one of sadness as he averted his eyes from her searching ones. \"Ingeras is getting older, he is nearly my age when I was given to the Turks. I do not want that life for him.\" Vlad spoke softly, trying not to betray all the emotion that he felt within himself. \"Oh Vlad,\" Mirena sighed sadly, bringing her hand to rest upon Vlad's cheek, causing him to close his eyes and lean into her comforting touch. \"The Turks have not entered these lands for years, there is no reason to fear for Ingeras, he will grow up within these walls, with his father and mother with him every day.\" Mirena said this with a stern look in her eyes, and an authorities tone to her voice that left room for no argument. Looking back into her bright blue eyes, Vlad's fears subsided, and he felt the flickering sensation of hope. Hope that she was right; hope that Ingeras would grow up by his side. \"You are right,\" He said, smiling faintly, \"The Turks have not been here for years, I have nothing to fear from them now.\" And sitting up, Vlad pulled Mirena into his arms once again, cherishing the feeling of having her close. \"We should eat, I didn't carry this food all the way out here not to enjoy it.\" Vlad stated, lightening the atmosphere, and earning him a smile from his love. \"And what, pray tell, have the cooks prepared for us this day.\" Mirena asked, moving from his embrace to better situate herself to eat. \"Look's like some ham with bread, and grapes to go along with it.\" Vlad said with a smile. And handing a plate over to Mirena they enjoyed a small meal and the rest of the day in each other's company. Watching the birds fly freely in the open air, the trees dance in the wind, the grass rippling in the wind. xxx Vlad sat frozen for a few moments, unable to move from his emotions that were running wiled. His eyes stung again, this time relentlessly, giving him no choice he had to let lose the hot tears that burned his cheeks as they fell in droplets on his desk. Finally, he took in a long shaky breath and ran his hands through his hair. He couldn't think about this any longer, if he did, he would be undone. Looking back over at the clock, only two hours had passed, so there was no hope of going out just yet, and so he would have to occupy his mind with something else. A book perhaps... XxxxxXxxxxX Mina was dreadfully bored. Unfortunately, it was required of her to take a math class, and she found the topic to be extremely boring, not to mention that her professor was very monotone and liked to give long lectures about why this number is real and why that number isn't real. It's a number, Mina thought, it must exist then. Resting her head down on her arms, Mina's thoughts strayed to Vlad. The mystery man who had already captured so much of her mind. It as strange, really, he seemed so familiar to her, something about him. Whether it was his eyes, or his voice, she couldn't tell. Had she seen him at a store or seen him on the street? It was frustrating not being able to place him. Maybe he was a regular at the market she visited, and maybe she had seen him there. Yes, that must be it. But Mina knew it wasn't, and so it frustrated her even more, not knowing why he was so familiar. Why am I obsessing over this? Mina asked herself, annoyed that she was so concerned over a man she had just met. Never had she ever been so enticed by a man, she didn't need anyone, not since her parents left her all alone in the world, and her she was pining over a guy. For all she knew, he would leave too, once he grew tired of her, just like her parents. As Mina began thinking of the horrible events from her childhood, she couldn't stop the memories from flooding her now. XxxxxXxxxxX It was dark, so dark where her mom had shoved her, it was tight too, uncomfortably tight. She could hear the shouts of her father, yelling at some thing to get away from her mother, who's bloodcurdling screams cut through Mina's young ears like a knife. Mina's eyes stung like a thousand bees were behind them, buzzing to be let free, and Mina let them fall, one hot tear right after another. Soon she heard a thud, and her mother's screams had stopped, as her father's tears now filled the silence, before they too, were silenced. Mina didn't know what to do, her mother had told her to stay put, but for how long. She waited for hours, her cheeks stinging from her tears, until she could see the rays of sunlight streaming in through the cracks under the closet door. Thinking it was okay to come out, she did. Slowly at first, since her body was stiff from the uncomfortable position, but soon she found her way downstairs, and what she saw was engraved into her memory. Her mother lying lifelessly on the ground, her father bent over the back of the sofa above her mother, his blood having coursed down the back of the sofa and mixed with her mothers own blood surrounding her. Both her parents were a pale grey, their lips blue. It was too much for Mina to endure, and she ran from the house screaming, not stopping until she reached her neighbor, an elderly woman who lived half a mile away. XxxxxXxxxxX \"Miss. Murray,\" came the exasperated voice of he monotone teacher, \"Are you with use today?\" Mina, who was now wrapped in a torrent of emotions could only nod and mumble a small 'yes', before her teacher continued with the lesion. Sitting up straight, mina wiped away a stray tear, and tried to get her thoughts in order, but it wasn't long before Lucy nudged her and mouthed, 'are you okay'. Mina, not wanting to talk about her feelings at that particular moment in time, only nodded and looked away. xxx Later that night, when Mina was at home with some time to herself, she decided to research more on Vladimir Tepes. But when she pulled up yet another picture of him, he reminded her of Vlad. He had the same stormy blue eyes, and his face was structured in the same way. Well, she thought, they're both from Transylvania, so there might be a distant relation, there's no way that they're the same man. And laughing to her insane thought, she shut down her computer and went to bed. Maybe she would ask Vlad about it tomorrow. XxxxxXxxxxX As night fell with poring rain, thundering with lightning strikes illuminating the darkness frequently, Vlad was freed to satiate his hunger, and so, he left his secluded home, and went to find a lonely individual, who would soon meet their end. Finding said person; he made quick work of draining them, feeling his strength return to him as he did. And not five minutes after he did, was there a presence. \"Was it not three days you resisted drinking her blood before, and now you cannot resist a day?\" came the taunting voice of the Master. Hearing his voice again, hearing the meaning behind the words, made Vlad tense with rage. \"Oh don't worry, I wont let you kill her again.\" The Master continued, a small smile forming on his lips. \"Oh no, I think it's time that I met the woman who set me free, so to speak.\" At this Vlad whipped around, causing strands of his drenched hair to fall in his face, and rushed up to the Master, pushing him against the brick wall, cracking it. The Master only laughed at his lack of restraint. \"Don't you SPEAK of her, don't you go NEAR her!\" Vlad shouted, his eyes becoming black voids as his skin greyed and adopted more of a translucent quality, his fangs showing through. He would only get like this when he was extremely angry; it's what set him apart from the others, his difference in power and strength. The Master had had enough of this. \"If you think that you can fight me like this you are wrong, I gave you this power, I know who you are and what you can do.\" He said coolly, losing all the humor that was in his voice a moment ago, \"I may not claim you tonight, or the next, but remember, you...are...mine.\" He drew out the last three words, sending a shiver down Vlads spine. And then there was pain, searing hot pain over Vlads heart. Releasing the Master, Vlad staggered back, gripping at the spot that burned, crumpling to the ground. \"Just so you don't forget who you serve.\" The Master said over the sound of the rain and thunder, as his flesh blistered and burned, and then he was gone. As soon as he had left, Vlad felt the pain rescind, and he unbuttoned the top of his shirt to look at what it was. It was a brand seared into his skin, the skin around it blackened, the burn itself deep. The symbol was of the Master's long boney hand curling around a heart. Rage and despair filled him, and he slumped to his knees in the muddy water that had gathered on the ground of the ally way, and let out a cry that was filled with his despair and anger, sounding like the roar of a wolf, the rain unable to drown out the sound. XxxxxXxxxxX Mina awoke with a start, unsure of what had just happened. Sitting up she felt that she had been crying, but had no idea why. Wiping away the warm tears Mina looked over to her clock and saw that it was late. What was that? she wondered, what had woken her up? It almost sounded like an animals howl, but it was pained. \"Strange,\" Mina whispered to herself, \"There are no wolves in a city.\" A/N: Well I hope that you liked it and leave a review. I wanted to bring in more of a background for both Mina and Vlad, I hope it was believable. Next chapter things will start to pick up speed a bit but not to much. Also if you guys have any ideas or suggestions for the fanfic by all means let me know and Ill try to add them into it to make it more enjoyable for you all. Till the next time. ~PD[Chapter 3] Disclaimer: I do not own any characters from the movie Dracula Untold, nor from Bram Stoker's novel Dracula. A/N: Wow guys I'm so honored that you like my fanfic so far, it really means a lot to me. I really hope that you like this chapter too and leave a review! Chapter Three: A Starry Night The day was a blur for Mina. Not only was it incredibly boring; sitting through math class, then philosophy because she was short on credits, she kept thinking about Vlad, about how she was going to see him later that night. She couldn't get him off her mind, and it was showing. \"Mina, are you listening to me?\" Lucy asked, a bit miffed that her best friend hadn't heard a word of what she said. Embarrassed and feeling slightly guilty, Mina blushed a bit. \"Sorry Lucy, just a lot on my mind.\" Mina apologized, giving Lucy her full attention now that she had been caught. Lucy, knowing all about her friend, could see right through her friend and knew what she had just been thinking about, and she adopted a knowing smile, causing Mina's blush to deepen. \"So when do you see him next?\" Lucy asked, forgetting what she had previously been talking about. \"Tonight.\" Mina said sheepishly, a large smile appearing on her soft features, her gaze lowering, not being able to look Lucy in the eye, as she knew what she would see. A look that said finally you have someone you're interested in! Now Mina really couldn't deny her rapidly growing feelings; she was definitely falling for the mysterious man named Vlad. Tonight, she decided, she would ask him all about himself. XxxxxXxxxxX Walking up to Mina's door, Vlad felt an air of confidence surround him as he prepared to knock. He was wearing a fitted black suit with a black dress shirt and black waistcoat with red needlework on it; this mixed with his confidence gave him an aura of a warrior standing victorious over his battlefield. Knocking on her door, he waited for a few moments, taking in one last breath to quell his nerves, but all hope of that escaped as soon as he saw her. She was dressed in a bright red; her dress was fitted at the top and flared out from her waist, ending at her knees with a sweetheart neckline and halter straps wrapping around her neck. She was simply beautiful...stunning, and as soon as he saw her, all the confidence he thought he had slipped away, leaving him wide eyes and unable to entertain the idea of giving her a complement. His intense gaze caused Mina to blush and look away, and being freed from her sparkling blue eyes Vlad was finally able to give her a complement. \"You are truly breath taking this evening.\" He breathed, not sure if he would be able to speak in a louder voice. The way that she seemed to emit an ethereal glow, she seemed as though she truly was an angel. \"Thank you.\" She giggled, stepping aside to allow him entry, \"so what shall we be doing this evening?\" she inquired sweetly. \"Well, I thought that we might go for a walk, I know a nice place where the stars shine and the trees can dance in the breeze.\" Vlad described, painting a picture in Mina's mind. The way he described things when he was inspired, he could make anything sound beautiful. \"I would like that very much.\" Mina replied, her bright eyes never once leaving his warm ones. And grabbing a coat, Vlad held the door for Mina and they departed. For tonight Vlad needed to make use of his car. He never really uses it, he never really needed to, but he had bought one just incase the need ever arose. And tonight it had. His car was a black 2013 model Corvette. If he was going to buy something, it was going to be nice. And it seemed to agree with Mina, she was surprised when she saw his car. \"You, have a Corvette?!\" she exclaimed. \"Yes.\" Vlad replied, proud that she was impressed with his automobile, and opening the door for her, he slid into the drivers seat and drove off to the grassy field that no one seemed to visit anymore. XxxxxXxxxxX Stopping the car, Vlad opened the door for Mina and helped her out where she was met with the slight chill in the autumn air, making her skin prickle. When she looked around, her breath was taken away from the beauty of what she saw; the night sky was a mixture of blues, the stars were bright and shining, with the full moon illuminating the grassy field that stretched on for miles, multicolored trees bordering the field. Vlad, noticing her slight shiver, grew concerned that she would be too cold. \"Are you warm enough?\" he asked her. \"Yes thank you.\" Mina replied, perking up at the sound of his deep, warm voice, causing her the blush slightly, something that Vlad was happy to pick up on. \"Wonderful, then we go.\" He said, his smile crinkling around his stormy blue eyes. And locking the car behind them, they walked off into the grassy field. XxxxxXxxxxX Okay, Mina thought, tonight I'll ask him all about himself, his family, what it's like in Transylvania, oh, an the likeness between him and the painting of Vlad. Tonight she would get all her answered. Walking beside Vlad, Mina felt safe and protected, her arm looped through his, just strolling, looking at the stars. \"Vlad?\" Mina ventured, glancing up at him, watching him turn to look at her with those blue eyes that turned her knees to jelly. \"Yes?\" he responded. \"I was just wondering, we've been talking for a while now, and I've told you all about myself, but I still know practically nothing about you.\" She rattled off, afraid that she would melt before she was able to finish her from looking into his blue eyes. Vlad was numb. He couldn't think, he didn't know what to tell her, should he tell her the truth, no, what was he thinking, he could never tell her, not now anyway, he would have to lie. \"There's not much to tell really, my mother died when I was young, and my father sent me away when I was about eight years old. When I finally returned I was a grown man, and he had passed away, leaving me in control of all his assets.\" He summarized, sticking as closely to the truth as he could, he had not lied about his parents, just that he was sent to be a warrior and that he had killed thousands of people in the name of a man he never believed in. Mina was horrified, to think that he had been sent away at such a young age, never really knowing his father, and his mother passing away. She couldn't help but stop and embrace him in a tight hug, hoping that he knew she wouldn't abandon him like the two people he should have had did. Vlad was frozen, he couldn't think the moment her arms wrapped themselves around his frame. She felt so warm, her soft vanilla scent filled him as he breathed in her fragrance, her body fitting perfectly against his own. \"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to reemerge those memories.\" Mina whispered against his chest, pulling him tighter for a moment before letting go, savoring his scent of expensive cologne. \"Don't apologize for such matters that you have no control over, it is in the past, it happened a long time ago and I find it best to just forget the ordeal.\" Vlad said with a sad smile, his eyes betraying the myriad of emotions that he was really feeling, but above all, Mina saw that he had no wish to talk of such things anymore, so she let the subject go. \"Well you still have to tell me your last name.\" She started, trying to change the subject, but still to curious to let it go entirely. And after a moment's hesitation, Vlad answered her. \"Lucian,\" Vlad said, deciding that if he was to have a new last name, I would be that of the man who saved his child from the horde of monsters he had created, \"My last name is Lucian.\" Smiling at this, Mina's eyes lit up, now knowing that the mystery man that had been plaguing her thoughts from the first moment she had seen him had a surname. \"Vlad Lucian, I like it.\" Mina stated happily, relieved that the gloominess from a few moments ago had alleviated. \"And I have one more question for you, but you probably wont know the answer.\" Mina ventured. Vlad, feeling quite nervous about more questions, only nodded his head. \"When I was at home last night, I was just doing some research, and when I looked more closely at a few paintings of Vlad Tepes, I noticed that you have a strange likeness to him, do you think that you are related in anyway?\" When she started talking about him and her research, she would always get a fire in her eyes that showed her determination to seek out answers, Vlad was growing to dislike that look, no matter how excited she seemed to be. \"Unfortunately, I do not know anything about my distant relations dating that far back.\" Vlad decided to just take the easy way out and claim no relation to, well, himself, and seeing her eyes brighten once again with the new knowledge regarding him, and he could not help but smile. \"Come,\" he urged, wanting to move past her questions about himself, \"There is a spot just over there that provides the best view.\" xxx Gazing up at the stars with Vlad's arm wrapped securely around her, providing warmth in the chilly night, Mina felt blissful. Never had she thought that she would be simply watching the stars with a man that she was starting to know more about; the man who was stealing her heart. Sighing, she moved closer to him, enjoying just sitting in the field watching the bright stars sparkle in the sky. XxxxxXxxxxX It was sickening, watching the two sit in the field looking up at the stars. How could the one that was once known to bring fear and terror in the hearts of men, now just sitting there without a care in the world. He would have to change that. As the Master stood in the shadows of the trees, watching Vlad and the girl, he was planning on what his next move would have to be. He couldn't get rid of the girl just yet, he could still use her for leverage, but maybe he could arise a fear in Vlads heart, make him remember that he is still a threat to his happiness. And so, the Master decided upon first introducing himself to the girl, proclaim himself an old friend of Vlad's. He could give her information about his past; he could be the wedge to pry apart their growing relationship. Once he unveiled Vlad fore what he really was, once he got her to see the horror of what he is, and then, as her eyes show her utter disgust and betrayal, he would kill her right in from of Vlad, and break him once and for all. Deciding on this coarse of action, the Master slipped away into the shadows, but not before uttering one small sentence, that he knew Vlad would hear. \"Not long now.\" XxxxxXxxxxX For the past half hour, Vlad's chest had been aching, and not just in any place either, right over the brand the Master gave him. It had been throbbing and the pain was only getting worse. And suddenly, he heard him, the Master. \"Not long now\", he said, his dead voice like dry leaves crackling under foot. It sent a shiver down his spine, but then, the pain was gone. The Master must have left then, if he had been watching, that would explain the pain. Deciding that it was time that he returned her to her home, Vlad nudged Mina, stirring her from her thoughts. \"I think it is about time that you have gotten back home.\" Vlad said, looking down at Mina. He was completely entranced by her beauty in the starlight; it gave a soft silver glow to her pale skin, her blue eyes sparkled with warmth and happiness. \"Alright, what time is it anyways?\" Mina responded. Looking at his watch, Vlad saw that it was quarter to eleven and told her, much to her shock. \"Really?! I didn't expect it to be that late. It's probably best that we do get back, I have a few classes tomorrow.\" And after she said this, Vlad was on his feet to help her up, and the two walked hand in hand back to Vlad's car. xxx Arriving back at Mina's home, she turned around on the stairs, so that she could be about the same height as Vlad. Looking into his eyes, she saw his intense desire for her, but also his restraint, and, something more...almost guilt. \"Good night, Mina.\" Vlad said in that deep voice that could make her knees turn to jelly. And bringing her hand to his lips, he once again presses the softest of kisses to the back of her hand, making Mina wonder what his lips would feel like against her own. But as he was releasing her hand, they heard footsteps coming down the sidewalk. Vlad's chest started to hurt. A/N: Hi there, I'm sorry for the long wait time, but school and work were getting in the way. I really hope you like this chapter and leave a review, and sorry again for the wait time! ~PD[Chapter 4] Disclaimer: I do not own any characters from the movie Dracula Untold, nor from Bram Stoker's novel Dracula. A/N: Wow it's been so long since I've updated and I'm so sorry about that, I had this huge project for school. But you guys have waited long enough, and so here is the next chapter. Just a warning for you guys, this chapter gets a bit graphic with death and details about how people are killed. If that bothers you stop reading at the line \"but he would never forget that night\". Chapter Four: Introductions It wasn't the throbbing in his chest that hurt him; it was the fear of what might happen to Mina. Upon hearing the clicking if the Master's shoes on the concrete walkway, the tap of his cane, the small chuckle that would otherwise be inaudible to the human ear, Vlad worried about what might happen. If the Master was there to kill her, he might be incapable of stopping it, if he was there to torment him, it was working. A thousand thoughts and images ran through Vlads mind, his brows creasing in concern, his stormy blue eyes clouding over as he became enwrapped deeper in his thoughts. \"Vlad?\" came Mina's sweet voice, showcasing her concern for Vlad's sudden change in demeanor. But her voice snapped him from his thoughts, giving his mind something to cling to, none of the things he had been thinking had actually happened, she was still here, still alive. Vlad looked up and smiled, his eyes trying to show no worry for her safety, and she seemed to believe that he had just, spaced out for a second, happens to everyone. \"I think that man is here to see you.\" Mina said, looking over to the Master with a polite smile. Vlad paled, he had been right, this was the night that the Master would destroy his happiness. No, he thought, he has done this once before, and it coast me the life of my wife, he will not win again, Vlad promised to himself as he turned to look at the man that had brought him so much pain and heartache. When the Master saw Vlad's eyes, he was slightly shocked to see that he had that kind of hatred in him, that kind of loathing. His stormy eyes steeled as they met his, flashing red, narrowing slightly, his skin greying slightly, mouth forming a firm ling. \"What do you want?\" Vlad said n short clipped tones; trying not to open his mouth to far, lest his fangs be visible and Mina were to see. But it was the way he was acting, that troubled her, he had never been like this before, so tense, so volatile... so dangerous. She would be lying if she said it didn't frighten her a bit. \"Like I told you, I have come to call upon you to serve me.\" The Master said, a small smile playing upon his lips as he saw how much he was affecting him, causing him to move into a defensive position to try and protect Mina. \"Perhaps now is not the best time, I can see that you have company, you aren't really listening to me know are you?\" The Master said, talking in a sarcastic hurt tone, but it turned to a venom filled one with his last remark, \"Just remember this, next time will not be so nice.\" And with those last words, the Master vanished, leaving a very angry Vlad, and a very confused Mina. Regaining his composure, Vlad stood tall, letting some of the tension leave his body. Turning around to face Mina, he was not prepared to see the look on her face. A mixture of fear, confusion, and anger, her bright blue eyes brimming with tears that were not yet shed. \"Mina-\" Vlad started but was quickly cut off. \"No, I don't want to hear it Vlad.\" Mina whispered, \"The only thing I want to hear from your mouth is the truth.\" XxxxxXxxxxX Vlad jolted upright with a start, a cold sweat glistened over his exposed torso, his chest heaving with deep breaths. He looked around him for a moment before realizing that he was in his room, in his bed, his black satin sheets twisted about his body. A dream, it had been a dream, but how much of it was? As Vlad's mind began to clear, memories of the night before began to resurface. He and Mina had gone stargazing out in the field, and he had taken her back home because she had an early start the next morning. Taking one last breath, Vlad closed his eyes ad ran a hand over his face and back through his hair, smoothing out his black locks. But something wasn't right. It was only then after he had calmed from his distress of thinking Mina had met the Master that he realized his chest was throbbing. Looking down at it, Vlad saw that the scorched marks upon his flesh were glowing a dull red, before fading, leaving the marks even more distinguished than they were before. Closing his eyes and sucking in a breath, Vlad gritted his teeth, as he finally understood what had just taken place. That damned monster had given him the dream, and was probably laughing at him now. It made his blood boil; that was it, Vlad had to act now, or else he would never be rid of that creature. XxxxxXxxxxX Opening her eyes, Mina was met with a blinding light; which after a few moments she realized to be the sun. It was a beautiful day; the clouds were a puffy white, the sky a baby blue, birds singing their sweet melodies in the distance. It was peaceful, but wrong. The air smelled so clean, like there were no exhaust fumes from cars, no thick black clouds f smoke rising from factories. Realizing that things were not right, Mina started to notice that there was nothing that resembled anything of the world that she knew, and as she was turning, it caught her attention that she was wearing a dress. A very nice one, made up from layers of different fabrics, the top layer being a blue that matched the sky, with various white undergarments. Not only had she changed cloths, though, her hair had decided to grow from her short haircut to being long enough to reach past her rear end. As Mina continued to turn, she noticed a tall stone structure, and realized it was a castle. Well, a castle was better than standing clueless in a field, so she headed towards it; although at a slower pace from the different cloths and shoes. xxx Walking through the gates to the courtyard of the small town that lay before the castle was like nothing Mina had ever experienced before. The place was packed with people, some selling trinkets or food from small wooden tables, but the majorities were buying; it must have been market day. The smells of the town were mixed; around the booths, the smells were amazing, the fragrance of flowers, and freshly baked bread. But when passing an unoccupied alleyway, one might catch the smell of more undesirable substances. As she continues up towards the castle, Mina's eyes were wide with splendor at all the things she was seeing, which unfortunately made her collide with someone, knocking her off balance, only to have the stranger grab her arm and bringing her close to steady her before she fell. \"Oh thank you, I'm so sorry I wasn't watching where I was-\" Mina started, but she couldn't speak when she looked up into the stranger's eyes. She was met with those stormy blue eyes that she had come to love. \"Going.\" She finished in barely a whisper. It couldn't be, how could Vlad be here, holding her so close to him, smiling down at her. She was brought from her reverie when he began to speak to her. \"There you are Mirena, I've been looking everywhere for you.\" He said chuckling. \"Looking for me?\" Mina repeated. \"Yes, remember that we have our banquet tonight, and I know how you prefer me to not see you until you arrive, so I just had to catch you before.\" He said, smiling and laughing as he did so, \"You do remember?\" \"Yes, of coarse,\" Mina said, \"Yes I was just on my way back.\" She lied, allowing him to take her arm in his and lead her the rest of the way to the castle. xxx Walking up to the door to their bedroom, Vlad turned to Mina before she could enter the large wooden door. \"I shall await your arrival later tonight then, Mirena.\" He whispered huskily, and before Mina knew it, she found his warm, calloused fingers tilting her chin up as he leaned his head down to place a kiss upon her soft lips. But before she could enjoy this small showing of affection, Mina woke up. XxxxxXxxxxX Mina's eyes shot open as she jolted up in bed, her face flushed and chest heaving while she gulped down air. What was that, she asked herself, baffled by the extremely vivid dream she had just had. It was so real, she almost believed that it was reality, the way the sun warmed her face, the smells in the town...the kiss. Mina found herself wishing that she had been able to stay in her dream a while longer just to capture the full sensation of that kiss. She briefly wondered if that would be what it was like to kiss him for real, his surprisingly soft lips caressing her own, the gentle press of his hand behind her neck, pulling her closer. \"Mina,\" she scolded herself quietly, \"It was only a dream, a wild one at that, being back in a castle.\" Laughing slightly, Mina disentangled herself from her red sheets and laid back down to drift of to sleep again, hoping slightly to return to the dream. XxxxxXxxxxX It was so easy, it almost disappointed him. Giving these two dreams of his own creation was simply child's play. Mina, she was just a human, unable to even identify when a dream is not her own, and simply accepting it as such. And Vlad, he expected more from him, but Vlad had succumbed just as easily as Mina had, although he did know it was him right away. No matter, he wouldn't be able to stop him. As the Master left his perch that allowed him to look in on Mina, he found himself in a foul mood. Why did Vlad have to be so difficult? He had given him the power he had asked for, had he not, and had told him that this would happen, and yet he continues to defy him. If Vlad was so interested in this woman he could have had her, if he only did as he asked with no complaint. But no, he chose to resist me, chose to go against the deal that we made. Fine then, if Vlad would not just accept his role in things, he would take Mina away from him. A light rain beginning to fall, the wind picking up, causing the leaves that littered the ground in an array of oranges, reds and yellows to dance once again around the Master as he walked on in the deserted streets in the middle of the night. It was on nights like this that he could remember small things from his past, when he was still human...but he would never forget that night. XxxxxXxxxxX It had been storming all day the sky dark and threatening, the wind blowing violently, all sure signs of the rain that was to come later. But the work of the day had to be done, and so he had ventured out to tend to the animals and secure more firewood. \"I'll be back soon.\" He promised his wife and sons, his younger self, preparing to go out into the weather. \"Please be careful\" came the soft reply of his wife, the woman that he had fallen for so many years ago. \"You know I always am.\" He said before slipping out through the door, securing it behind him. His home was a simple thing, it was just a small cottage with a few rooms, one for him and his wife, another for his four son's to share, and one more for keeping a fire to keep the cottage warm. It was simple but it was home, everything he loved was there. And so, turning his back, he headed to the woods to collect more wood. xxx The rain had finally broken through the clouds, and was pouring down in sheets, the wind had picked up and was blowing everything around, thunder crackling overhead as flashes illuminated the dark world for seconds at a time. But he could always find his way back home; he could always find his way back to his beloved. The silhouette of the cottage was now in view, the sturdy structure a stark contrast to the changing sky and swirling clouds. Another flash illuminated the world, and something was wrong; in that flash, he could see the door hanging open on its hinge. He immediately dropped the logs for the fire and ran for his home, daring to hope hat it was just his imagination, that everything was all right. But it wasn't. Arriving at the door, he was met with the coppery smell of blood, copious amounts of it, the candles were burnt out, keeping him from seeing what was bound to be the worst thing possible. Another flash, and his fears were realized. The image lasted maybe a second, but that second was all it took for something so horrendous to be burned into his memory for eternity. His sons, each one, dead in a separate corner of the small front room; each with their eyes cut out, mouths sewed shut with their hands nailed to the walls and wrists slit, allowing their blood the run down the walls, their chests bear, showing a carving of three vertical lines: the two outer lines raised above the third middle line, making a V shape almost. But what was truly horrible, was his wife. She lay sprawled out in the center of the room, her clothing removed, strange markings cut deep into her flesh. Her eyes had also been cut from her, and the five pairs were laid out in a circle around her. But unlike his sons, her mouth was wide open, frozen in a soundless scream. The blood that had pooled around her had been dragged outwards, connecting the eyes to complete the circle around her. Saying it was horrible didn't begin to describe the scene that he saw. He sank to his knees, eyes wide with the shock, with flash after flash of lightning bringing the room to life around him, torturing him more and more. But finally, with the seventh flash, he let out the most pain filled cry the world had ever heard. It stretched out for several moments, loud enough to battle the thunder that crackled in the sky. After he had voiced his pain, his anger came forth tenfold; he would not rest until he found who ever did this to his family and killed them in the most painful way he could imagine. These people seemed to have tried to summon some demon, fine, he would summon his own, and he would not fail his family a second time. He would become that witch men feared, and he would destroy those who had a part in the destruction of his world. XxxxxXxxxxX Coming back from his memory, the Master had to wipe a tear from his eye, a tear he had long since thought dried up. He had known the pain of losing his entire family to a sacrifice, Vlad had no idea of the pain and loss he had suffered. But he would make him know. A/N: Wow that was intense. I know some of you wanted a flashback with the Master so I hope you liked this for a start, there will be more for him I promise. Anyways I know there wasn't a whole lot with Vlad and Mina in this chapter, that will be in the next chapter though, and the appearance of one character that some of you thought was missing. I'd tell you but I don't want to spoil the surprise! Leave a review for me and let me know what you think so far, I can only make the story better if you tell me what's missing or if something seems off, or if you just like it and want me to keep going in the direction I am. Until the next time![Chapter 5] Disclaimer: I do not own any characters from the movie Dracula Untold, nor from Bram Stoker's novel Dracula. A/N: Hello again! So good to be back! Well I am sorry to keep you waiting but school just loves to give project after project*mentally screaming on the inside*. Anyways, here's a nice chapter for you guys, more on the silly side for a bit of fun. I hope you like it! Sits back and waits for the angry reviews to come* Chapter Five: Who Is He It had been difficult for Mina to be around Vlad alone for a bit, it was just so awkward after that dream she had about kissing him. So for their next get together she decided going to a pub would be a good idea, and while she was at it, why not invite some other friends to come along, just so there weren't any uncomfortable silences. So, Mina asked Vlad to meet her at Stoker's Bar around 8pm. For now she would have to call Lucy and have her help with piking out an outfit and to tell her about her rather embarrassing dream. xxx \"You kissed him!\" Lucy all but squealed, \"Oh Mina that's so cute, when are you going to introduce us, I simply must meet this man.\" \"First of all I didn't kiss him,\" Mina huffed, which earned her a knowing look from Lucy, \"I woke up before we could.\" She mumbled, \"And second of all, I was kinda hopping you would come tonight with John to meet him.\" And seeing Lucy's eyes shoot up with her famous I knew it smile, Mina rushed over to her closet to avoid having to look Lucy in the eye. \"So we need to pick out cloths..that is if you'll come?\" \"Mina, of coarse I'll come, you know you don't have to ask me twice, but have you told John?\" \"Well no not you, but you know John, always looking for good time I'm sure he'll come.\" And with that the search for cloths in the never-ending hole Mina called a closet continued. XxxxxXxxxxX Vlad was a mess. Mina had invited him to a pub to meet some of her friends, he had to meet people, he was horrible at that, now more so with the Master's branding that throbs more and more and is only satiated for a short while with blood. But he had to push all that aside tonight, for he was meeting one Lucy and John, Mina's closest friends. Dressing in a deep red shirt with a black waistcoat with deep red embroidering, with black pants and a black sorts jacket, he was ready to face Mina's friends and the sure questions about his past and where he came from that he would have to lie about, but he would base them on the truth. Glancing at the clock on his wall, it was 7:45pm. He wanted to be early so that he could see how Mina and Lucy acted around each other, and, if he was being honest, he wanted to listen in on what Mina might possibly say about him. It was shallow he knew, but he needed to know how she felt, he needed to know if she was still his Mirena. XxxxxXxxxxX By 8pm the pub was already crowded, but there was an open table for a group of people to sit at instead of most of the people being around the bar. Standing in the crowd of people, Vlad was well hidden from Mina as she walked in the door, with a woman whom he assumed to be Lucy. Mina was, of coarse, stunning, her Lips a bright red, with a light blue dress that fit her figure perfectly, but she looked nervous. \"Oh Mina, Would you relax?! Your so tense!\" Came Lucy's remark as they made their way to a corner table with sofas that looked rather comfortable. \"Lucy, Please be nice when you meet him.\" Mina all but pleaded, \"Please don't cross-examine him tonight.\" Looking into Mina's puppy dog eye's , Lucy let out an exaggerated sigh, \"Alright fine, I won't tonight,\" but if listening to her heartbeat was any indication to the contrary, \"But I WILL at some point.\" Lucy threatened with a pointed finger and smirk on her glossy lips. Mina looked like she was going to argue, her eyes gat that flame that she usually had, when someone, who couldn't be alive, came through the door. \"Mehmed.\" He walked in the door, a large smile on his face, brown eyes full of happiness, his hair still the same. Seeing him made Vlad's blood run cold, so to speak, he was starting to rethink this idea of meeting Mina's friends. \"John!\" both Mina and Lucy shouted excitedly at the same time as he went towards them with open arms. \"Well lady's, what do you think.\" He said as he gestured towards his clothing. He wore a fitted light grey suit with a lavender shirt with the top buttons undone. \"Oh John you look fabulous.\" Lucy said, feeding John's ego. \"Of coarse I do darling, now, Mina, where is this mystery man I've heard so much about?\" Looking around, Mina's brows scrunched together, \"I don't know, I don't see him anywhere.\" Vlad tried to ignore the slight disappointment he heard in her voice, he had to leave, he couldn't be face with him again, if he was, he didn't know what he would do. But Mina, her voice, sounding so sad, how could he just abandon her like that? Looking at the clock, Vlad saw that it was 8:15, he had to chose, was he going to leave, or stay. \"I guess your guy's a no show,\" said Lucy with a hint of disdain in her voice, \"What a guy, stands you up without any word...\" Whatever else she had to say was lost on Vlads ears, as he decided right then and there what he was going to do. \"Vlad!\" Mina's eye's lit up like candles at the sight of him, and Lucy's looked him over disapprovingly, \"I thought you weren't going to show up for a minute there.\" \"My apologies, but I was held up with an urgent matter at work, but it's all been taken care of, and I came as soon as I could.\" Vlad supplemented, hoping that it would be excuse enough. \"Nothing was going to keep me away.\" He added, reaching for Mina's hand to place a small kiss on her knuckles. Vlad could feel the two other pairs of eyes fixed on him. A quick glance to his right, he would see Lucy's unsure eyes, unsure whether to trust him, or disapprove of him. And to his left, Mehmed, John's, eyes, filled with, what was that, some sort of affection? \"Oh Vlad, This is Lucy and John, my two best friends.\" Mina introduced after a second of awkward silence \"A pleasure, to meat you both.\" Vlad tried to keep his voice even and upbeat, but he could not help but continuously glancing at John, thankfully he was fast enough that no one could see. \"Well hello handsome,\" John said with a large grin while shaking Vlads hand, \"I am so very glad to make your acquaintance.\" \"Down boy,\" Lucy said with a laugh, \"He's taken.\" At that John pouted turning a puppy dog glance towards Vlad then turned to Lucy. \"Why is it the cute ones are always straight?\" \"Alright you,' Lucy said as she pushed a moping John towards the bar, \"we're going to get you a nice big drink.\" And before Lucy continued to push John she turned towards Mina and mouthed, now's your chance . Mina, turning towards Vlad with a red face, only became redder as she saw the look of complete confusion that danced across his eyes. \"Sorry about John, I guess I should have warned you that he is gay and very open about it.\" Vlad, who had remained unmoving, and by accident forgot to breath, was so very confused as to why is enemy from a time long passed, who had gone to great lengths to try and kill him, was now hitting on him. But now that Mina was speaking to him, he had to snap out of his stupor. At he nervous statement Vlad let out a soft chuckle, Oh Mina you do not need to apologize to me for having a friend who seems to be in good humor. John and Lucy must be great friends.\" As the night wore on, and many drinks later, Mina, Lucy, and especially John, were all drunk. Not only were they drunk, they were flat out hammered. Mina and Lucy were sitting together sucking on the straws of their drinks staring with googly eyes at Vlad, giggling every five minutes and whispering things like, he's looking at us, and, now he's smiling, then John was sitting next to Vlad batting his eyes like he had the longest lashes in the world resting his chin on the back of his hand sipping his drink. They had been at the pub a few hours, at first the night was enjoyable, but as the night wore on, and the drinks kept coming, things became interesting and very open. At one point John even ended up in Vlads lap attempting to make out with him, much to Vlads discomfort. \"Ahhh pucker up pretty boy!\" John slurred in Vlads face, really letting him smell the alcohol in his breath, \"Time to show you how a real kiss is!\" But before John had the chance to plaster a sloppy kiss to the stunned Vlads face, Lucy came to his rescue to pull John away from Vlad. \"Come on John, \"Lucy huffed at John, who was now sitting on the floor, \"That's Minas job,\" but with her being drunk, her mood changed from annoyed to giggly in a second, \"Lets go get some hot guys!\" She squealed. This was of coarse a brilliant idea to John, who's gloomy face lit up at the prospect of guy hunting, and he pumped his fist into the air, \"YAAAA, but I get first dibs on that one.\" John said to Lucy, pointing his finger to a guy sitting at the bar. Looking over at him Lucy agreed that he wasn't her type, and so the two were off, searching for their one night stand. Which left Vlad with a very drunk Mina, who kept staring at him and giggling. \"What's so funny?\" he asked her finally asked her. This caused her to start laughing even more before she could answer her, \"Your face when John was hitting on you, you looked like you would eat him alive!\" After hearing that Vlad couldn't help a little chuckle escape him thinking about how true her statement was. But without realizing it, he set Mina off on a filibuster about whatever she was thinking about. \"Your eyes are so shinny, but it could be the lights, maybe your eyes are stars, no stars are to big. Your back is so straight right now, is a rod holding you up,\" at this point Mina looked around Vlad to check to make sure that there was, in fact, no rod holding Vlad up, \"Do you think that the sky is held up by a giant? You look like you know things.\" But before Vlad could answer her in any way she continued, but this time Vlad became more worried about the train of thought she was getting into. \"You look a lot like Vlad Tepes. Like a LOT a lot. Its kinda scary.\" Mina said as she squinted her eyes and moved closer to Vlads face. He was sweating now, Vlad didn't know that a drunk Mina was even more curious than a sober one. He didn't know what to do, other than suggest that she get home to sleep off her drunken state. And that's exactly what he did. \"Mina, you've had quite a lot to drink, don't you think that maybe I should get you home so you can sleep?\" he asked her, keeping up a poker face so she couldn't see how worried he was that she might see through him. But she must have been too drunk to hold a train of thought. \"Ya probably,\" she agreed backing away from him without a second thought, seeming to forget what she was thinking seconds ago. Letting out a breath, Vlad Helped Mina out of her seat, knowing that she would certainly fall if he didn't, and helped her walk to the door of the pub, letting her lean most of her body weight on him. But once she was outside, she finally collapsed from the alcohol she had, and Vlad just picked her up and carried her to her home, smiling to himself at the feel of having his Mirena, his Mina, in his arms once again. Looking down at her as he walked, her head was rocking slightly with his pace, her face had a small smile on it as she snuggled deeper into his arms for warmth on the brisk night. It was late out, and Vlad knew he had to get inside soon, but not before he saw Mina was safe in her bed. Walking up the steps to her home, Vlad had to rifle through Mina's purse to find her keys, but not before he found a journal with paper sticking out, one of which being a picture of Vlad Tepes, a painting of him from long ago. Getting Mina inside, he took off her shoes and pushed the covers of her bed aside, placed her in her bed, and covered her up. He figured that when she woke finding herself in different cloths might make he uncomfortable, so he left her in her dress. Turning his attention back to the journal, Vlad picked it up and started to look through it. It was mostly filled with notes on him, and his castle. Some of the pages were dedicated to his son, only a few to Mirena since there wasn't much documentation on her, but that journal was all about him. Vlad felt a small smile tug at his lips as he read how thorough she was, but that smile vanished when he reached the end of the journal, looking at her latest entry. Today I met Vlad in the market, I know this isn't a diary, but he looked so much like Vlad Tepes' picture, I almost thought it was him, and when I heard his accent and found out he was from Transylvania, well it's all just so much of a coincidence, I know it's crazy to think that Vlad Tepes could still be alive, but he must be a direct descendent if he has such a resemblance to him. Maybe he's Dracula, that would be something, It is said that Vlad Tepes was thought to be a vampire, but that's ridiculous, vampires don't exist. Its ridiculous... Reading that made Vlad's heart sink. So she suspected something wasn't right, he was going to have to make up some documents to place him in Ingeras' decedents, somehow make it look as though Ingeras had another child. But she already researched his family and how many children he had and their children and so on. A bastard, he could pose his family line with the illegitimate lineage to Ingeras. Vlad hated to have to soil his sons name like this, but he had no other choice, he was going to have to in order to keep Mina's questions at bay. Looking back over to Mina, Vlad just took in her beauty, she slept so peacefully, but that was mostly because of the alcohol. He watched her for a few more moments until he knew he only had mere minutes before the sun would come up, and had to leave. Once back at his castle, he made sure to lock all the doors and windows, making sure not a bit of sun could get in, he had work to do, and it needed to be done before the night, before the throbbing on his chest became to great and forced him to feed more than he needed to just to keep the pain away. A/N: Hey guys sorry again for my absence, I really hope that you will still read my story and keep reviewing. Just know that even if I don't update for a while I plan to finish the story it just may take a while because of my schedule.[Chapter 6] Disclaimer: I do not own any characters from the movie Dracula Untold, nor from Bram Stoker's novel Dracula. A/N: Hey guys, sorry for the long wait, school's been a bitch and work isn't any better. But I swear I haven't abandoned this story, I really hope that you still like it and want to keep reading. Chapter Six: False Faces When Mina woke up, her head hurt like a bitch. The constant throbbing and sharp pains that pulsed through her head was enough to get her to swear off drinking, for at least a week, maybe even two. Sitting up slowly, Mina looked around her room, relieved to see that her curtains were shut tight over the windows. Looking down at her journal, however, it was open. She never left it open, frowning, she picked it up and looked at the page it was open too, and gasped slightly. It was the page she wrote about Vlad in. Now last night was coming back to her; how Vlad had carried her home, how he laid her down in bed, but after that she couldn't remember, it just went fuzzy. But the realization was there, it had been Vlad that looked through her journal, and now he knows her stupid little thought about vampires. But then again, it wasn't his place to look, she will be talking with him about this today. Looking at the time, Mina's eyes bulged; it was already 2 in the afternoon. Whipping the covers so she could get out of bed, Mina immediately regretted that decision, because the quick movements was just not a smart idea with a hangover like the one she was sporting right now. But nevertheless, she eventually made it to the bathroom to take a nice hot shower, and get herself ready for the day, or the afternoon rather. xxx When Mina stepped out of the shower, she grabbed her phone to text Vlad, to see if he wanted to go for a cup of coffee, it was a beautiful day outside, and she wanted to talk to him about the journal. A few minutes later, he phone buzzed, Vlad had responded, Love to go for a cup of coffee, meet you in 20 . Now Mina would get some answers. Mina was surprised to see that by the time she reached the café clouds had blocked out the sun, it was going to be such a nice day and now it looked like rain. But she didn't pay that much mind, because she saw Vlad walking up to the café as well, and she had things to discuss with him. Vlads face brightened when he saw her, and a smile grew on his features, \"Hello Mina.\" He said warmly, grasping her hand and lifting it to his lips to brush a soft greeting to her fingers. But his brow furrowed when he realized that she was only giving a halfhearted smile in return. \"Does something trouble you Mina?\" he asked, no longer smiling. \"Lets just get inside and sit down first.\" She said, walking towards the door without a look back to see if he was following. But of coarse he made it to the door first to open it for her. Vlad didn't have to have his heightened senses to know that he has done something, and it was enough for a cold sweet to start on his brow. \"What would you like?\" Vlad asked as he pulled out her chair. \"A French Vanilla Latte.\" Was Mina's answer, and Vlad scrambled to the counter to order. For himself, he would only get a to go cup, seeing as he couldn't actually drink coffee anymore, oh how he wished he could have a drink of that Turkish coffee once again. \"Are you planning to leave soon?\" Mina asked when she saw his to go cup. \"Oh no, I just don't like the cup's they use here, I dislike using cups that countless others have used, so I just get my drink in a to go cup.\" Vlad lied smoothly, and seeing Mina's nod of understanding, she believed his lie, he was getting better at lying to her, and that only helped to make him disappointed with himself, lying to the women whom has stolen his heart, again. He didn't say anything else, he could sense that she was about to start speaking, and he could tell he wasn't going to like it. \"Vlad...what happened when you brought me home last night?\" That had caught him off guard, nothing had happened, he put her in bed and left. \"What do you mean, I brought you home, and once I was sure you would be fine, I left.\" His answer only frustrated her, and she began looking angrily through her bag until she pulled out...her journal. \"No what I mean is this, did you look through my journal last night?\" Looking at the small book that was now on the table, Vlad didn't show any outward signs of stress, but he was running through his mind what he might have done for her to know that he had looked through it. \"What makes you think that I would do such a thing?\" he questioned. She didn't want to reveal what her journal held within its pages, especially about him if he really didn't look at it. But it needed to be done. \"Because the page it was open to this morning was the entry I made when we first met.\" Even just saying that made Mina blush slightly, how she hoped he didn't know what was written on that page. \"Mina, if I may be frank, you were quite enamored last night, perhaps you opened your journal and simply have no recollection of it.\" Vlad supplied, and by the look that came across Mina's face, a look of utter embarrassment of not having thought of that possibility, was unlike any Vlad had seen before. \"Vlad, I am so incredibly sorry for even thinking- well obviously I wasn't thinking, I'm just, to think you would invade my privacy like that-sorry...\" Mina rambled. Vlad had to stop this, he couldn't risk losing Mina, but he also couldn't have her apologizing for something he tricked her into believing. \"Mina, please, it is quite alright, I completely understand your thinking that I might have looked within your journal, I did bring you home when you were in, a poorer state of mind, and I'm sure you don't remember much of the nights festivities, or a least towards the end, so please, don't apologize, only allow me to spend the day in your company and forget about this little quarrel.\" Mina loved the way he spoke, with such a old, almost noble quality to how he chose his words and carried himself. \"I would love that,\" she says, forgetting about her embarrassment and instead focusing on Vlad. \"What would you like to do?\" \"Now that, my dear, is entirely up to you.\" Vlad said with a small grin, the stress of the situation leaving him, and allowing him to focus on the beautiful woman in from of him. \"I know just the place.\" Mina said with a sly grin. XxxxXxxxX As Mina led Vlad through the streets hand in hand to their destination, she kept looking up towards the sky. Inspecting it, almost disappointed by it. \"Mina, what do you keep looking for?\" Vlad finally asked. \"The sun, it never comes out anymore, not that it came out much to begin with, but now its never out at all.\" She replied. A peaceful look came over Vlad, as he recalled how his wife loved the sun, how her skin glowed when the suns rays danced across her. \"You should see my home, the sun shines brightly most days, allowing the flowing meadows of wheat to look like seas of gold.\" Just the image that Vlad supplied for Mina of a sun kissed land made her smile. \"Oh Vlad!\" Mina exclaimed with excitement, \"We're here!\" Vlad looked to where Mina was leading him, a small café filled with smiling people sitting on couches in front of a small stage area. \"I think you will like it here, tonight is open mic night, so we can just sit back and enjoy some poetry and good coffee.\" Mina was excited, it seemed to Vlad that she came to this place a lot. \"Hey Mina, how's it goin'\" greeted the barista, apparently Mina came here more than Vlad originally thought, \"Who's this?\" \"This is Vlad,\" Mina said sweetly, \"We have recently begun dating\" \"Good to meet you sir,\" the man stuck out his hand for a handshake, \"take good of her, right mate.\" It was innocent enough, his smile showing a joking manner, but Vlad could see under the mans mask, if he so much as made Mina cry, this man would see to it that Vlad was dealt with. Vlad could appreciate a man like this. \"The usual for you Mina?\" he returned his attention to Mina. \"Yes please, thank you Brian.\" \"And for you, Vlad?\" he asked, still wearing his smile. \"Nothing, thank-\" \"He will have the same as me.\" Mina interrupted him, and with a smile, Mina walked towards a table with comfortable looking chairs around it. \"I didn't want anything, you didn't have to order anything for me.\" \"I don't have to do anything though Vlad, I did it because I wanted to.\" Mina said with a smile, and dismissed the matter. But now Vlad was going to have to either actually drink or even eat whatever her 'usual' is, or come up with a good excuse as to why he won't have touched anything. A few minutes later, their drinks were brought over, thankfully there weren't any small pastries that went along with her usual, lad could deal with a drink. As Brian placed the cups on the table, Vlad could sense the malice the man felt towards him, Vlad took a quick glance up to him, and the man was just barely able to throw on a quick fake smile to keep his façade of friendliness going. Looking down at what he was given, Vlad sees that it is what appears to be coffee with caramel and a hint of vanilla mixed in with it. Not to bad then, he would be able to risk a few sips of the drink and remain able to function as a normal person. Vlad takes the cup into his hands, and slowly brings it to his lips, that first dinner he had with Mina was hard enough, his body didn't function to consume food of drink anymore...only blood. Vlad took a sip of the coffee, and as usual, he tasted nothing, but he smiled and told Mina that he thought it was delicious. But he could already feel the effects of consuming human drink. The mark the Master made on him, its only been getting worse, and causing him to need to feed more frequently than normal, he could only imagine how it would effect him with this. XxxxXxxxX The two spent a few hours at the café, and while Mina had a few coffees, and pastries, Vlad sat sipping on his first drink. While Mina was enjoying the poetry, Vlad was becoming hungrier and hungrier. The mark was now burning, the pain increasing with each passing minute. As much as he wanted to stay and enjoy Mina's company, he had to go, he had to feed. Looking at the time Vlad made up an excuse as to why he was going to have to leave. \"Mina,\" Vlad captured her attention as a poem ended, \"As much as I have enjoyed this afternoon, and would love to keep doing so, I am afraid that there is a business matter that I must attend to immediately.\" \"Oh of coarse,\" Mina said, gathering up her things, \"You should have said something sooner.\" She said with a laugh. As they walked out, Vlad could feel two eyes staring at his back with venom and hatred, and with a quick half turn of his head, he saw it was Brian again, perhaps he best stay away from this place. \"Well good luck with your business.\" Mina said as she took hold of his shoulders to stand on her toes and give him a quick kiss goodbye, and then turn to walk home. \"Now if you think I'm allowing you to walk home alone in the dark you are mistaken.\" Vlad told her with a smile as he started walking next to her. \"But I thought you had important business.\" Mina said. \"No business is important enough for me to allow you to walk home unaccompanied, Mina.\" Vlad said softly, and leaned down to kiss her again. XxxxXxxxX As Mina closed the door to her home, Vlad turned down the steps and walked to the corner, but once he rounded the corned, he was off to find someone to feed from. xxx Shutting the door, Mina smiled to herself, she really liked Vlad, she was even beginning to fall in love with him. Never would she have imagined finding a man as nice and proper as he is. Maybe he could even be the man she speds the rest of her life with, Mina liked that idea. Walking back to her room to change, Mina didn't turn on many lights, it was her intent to just get in bed and read a little, then go to sleep. And turning on some music, Mina didn't hear the soft click of someone picking the lock o her door, or the soft thud of it being closed. Light foot steps sounded down the hallway towards her room, careful to avoid making to much noise. They stopped right in front of Minas door, and slowly turned the nob to enter. There was a scream and then silence. xxx As Vlad found his target for tonight, he was about to drop down and kill the man swiftly, but he heard it, a scream. Minas scream. Forgetting the man, Vlad rushed as quickly as he could to Minas home, hoping she was alive. As Vlad reached her front steps, the burning from his mark was becoming increasingly more unbearable, but he had to forget that now, for Mina's sake. Throwing open the door, he smelled the air, and charged to her room, that's where she was, and him... Opening the door to Minas room Vlad was horrified to see that she was bound on her bed, blood was flowing slowly from a gash on her forehead, and a man stood in the corner of her room in the shadows. But Vlad could see plainly who it was. \"Brian...\" Vlad growled, \"What are you doing here in Minas room?\" Vlad wanted to know, before he killed this man. \"Ha ha so you did know it was me!\" Brian said, stepping out of the shadows and taking a seat on the bed next to Mina. Grabbing her hair he pulled her head to eye level, \"Didn't I say he was a smart one there, Mina?\" She was barely conscious, and could only groan in a response to him. Letting go of her hair Brian stood again, \"I'm here,\" he said, gesturing around the room, \"Because Mina doesn't need you, she has always had me. It was in that moment that time slowed down for Vlad, he was starving, and this man was threatening Mina and him, the pain on his chest from the burn was becoming unbearable, so Vlad acted. Before Brian could make a move, Vlad was already behind him draining his veins and satiating his hunger. As he did so, the pain lessened immediately, and he was able to see clearly. Able to clearly see the look of horror that crossed Minas face as she beheld the sight before her. Clearly she had come to after Brian had yanked her hair, rousing her from her state of unconsciousness, and seeing Vlad looking so...inhuman, drinking the blood of a man, she didn't know what to think. Vlad panicked, all he could think to do was to try and tell her that he's not a monster, and that he would never hurt her. But he knows that would do little good in this moment in time, especially when he doesn't even look human, with his blacked out eyes and grey translucent skin, and of coarse the fangs... \"Mina...\" he try's, but cant say anything further, the look in her eyes, he know she doesn't hear him, he has to leave. Quickly gathering up Brian's body, he runs out of her room and out into the cool night air, running as fast as he can back to his home and away from Mina...He knows he will never see her again. Mina sat frozen in place. She did not see what she just saw, her mind keeps saying over and over again. Vlad didn't just do what she think he did. But as much as she would like to believe it, she knows its true, that she did see that, that he did do it, kill a man, and drink his blood. Being as exhausted as she was from the toils of being held hostage in her own home, and witnessing something she cannot begin to understand, Mina collapses on her bed, her mind overwhelmed with everything, and falls into a restless unconsciousness, with nightmares of fangs, and blood. A/N: Hello everyone and I am sorry about my absence. I don't expect to have many readers but ill try and update more again if you would still like. Just let me know if you want to continue the story. Leave a review and let me know what you think. J ","Summary":" Vlad has found Mina, but what is to happen now that he is being called upon by the one who made him"},{"Movie":"Ghost Rider","Title":"The Ghost Rider and the Demonic Angel","Author":"blackfire93","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10611179","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I almost threw up as I was forced to watch the vile acts of the Satanic Cult that had kidnapped me. I can still smell the burning flesh and hear the tortured screams. And sometimes when I finally sleep I can see their faces, I can feel their presence just lingering in the back of my head. Their voice's calling out for help, but I can't move. Then I wake up and once again I have to walk in this horrible prison stuck between the light and the dark. Evil and yet filled with purity. I am Sapphire Mystique Venom Black. I am the first child of Mephistopheles, a demon, the demon. Unlike this newest child, I am not half demon half human, oh don't get me wrong I'm not full demon but my other half is not human. My mother was an angel sent to protect the humans of Earth from the devil and his minions however she fell in love with a mortal and the devil found out about it. The human man she loved was The Ghost Rider, one of the devil's minions. She didn't know this but when she found out she begged the devil to let him go, the devil said he would but only if he got something in return. And well here I am, half demon half angel, all rage and bad temper, all love and happiness. Unlike the Rider I don't change with the rising and setting of the sun, I have really no control over it, one moment I can be standing in the middle of a park just enjoy life and the next I could be taking the life of a rapist. When I heard that the devil was after a boy, I learned about the boy's origins and realized that we would be family and he is the only family I would have. My mother died after giving birth to me, the man she loved had been killed and I do NOT count the demon that sired me. So I rode out in search of the boy, I found him and his mother along with this century's Ghost Rider. This Rider was different then the last one I met oh easily 156 years ago, this one seemed to have control over both his light and his dark side. And from there on out my life actually took on meaning and I had someone to live for and something to fight for. Let me start this all from the moment I rode up on my custom made bike that I called Adara, that's Hebrew for fire, just in case you were wondering. Oh. If you're reading this then pray I don't find you![Chapter 2] CHAPTER TWO THE MEETING HELLO READERS! THANK YOU FOR READING THIS, THIS IS GOING TO BE THE LAST CHAPTER, PLEASE REVIEW AND LET ME KNOW WHAT YOU THINK. I took a deep inhale of my self-made cigarette it was peppermint and caffeine in place of the tar and nicotine that normal cigarettes were made up of. After I finished off the cigarette I hopped onto Adara, she was fueled up and ready to go. I cruised down the highway letting my mind wonder as I drove passing several slower cars and trucks before I felt something tugging at my mind from my left. I had nothing but time and I had no leads on my newly discovered brother so I let my curiosity get the better of me and turned left. Well needless to say that was both the best and worst thing to do I found my brother, the newest Ghost Rider, my brother's mother, and him . Thankfully the Ghost Rider sent him back to his warm home and somehow he managed to gain control over the angel part of himself and bring my brother back. I introduced myself to my brother who immediately accepted me, his mother was a bit more cautious but after learning about who I was and that I didn't want anything to do with him she reluctantly accepted me. I learned that my brother's name was Danny and his mothers' name was Nadya and the Ghost Rider who had protected Danny and brought him back was named Johnny Blaze. Johnny and I clicked and decided to travel together since we weren't about to age or drop dead, Danny wanted to travel with us to and we agreed that that would be the safest place for him and his mother so the four of us began to travel together. After sixteen years Danny had full control of his power and he and his mother decided to settle down in a small village in Africa. Johnny and I stayed for about four months to make sure that they got settled in but after four months I was itching to take off. So in the middle of the night, on a night of the full moon I was Adara and roaring off, my destination unknown my heart heavy at the thought of leaving the three people that I had let myself get attached to however the weight in my heart was lifted when I heard the roaring of another motorcycle coming up from behind me. I glanced over at the first Blue Angel Ghost Rider. \"Going to keep me company?\" I hollered over the loud roaring of our motorcycles. Johnny smiled at me. \"Well we have a good thing going why leave it?\" He hollered back. We exchanged smiles and then burst into our Ghost Rider forms, his blue and my own violet before roaring off into the night. ","Summary":" I almost threw up as I was forced to watch the vile acts of the Satanic Cult that had kidnapped me."},{"Movie":"Ghost Rider","Title":"The Enchantress","Author":"ms luna 'loony' ashwood","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12420606","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's note : I don't own anything but this story. enjoy ;) Hi, I am Luna Blaze a.k.a the enchantress. My elder brother Johnny Blaze is the ghost rider. I am 15 years old. The best thing of being an enchantress is that i don't have to go to school or college or work. I am a freebird (well, my brother is there to tie me down) . Recently, our family got expanded. My sweet elder brother (note the sarcasm) left me locked in a cave with some food,water and clothes and walked away for an adventure. to be precise: the spirit of vengeance. Now, after his little adventure, Nadya and Danny. Nadya is sweet and caring but Danny the Devil is a nuisance. I don't like it when Johnny ignores me and plays with Danny the Devil. OKAY, maybe I am just jealous, but there is more. Johnny and the Devil literally blast the house with their 'ROCK MUSIC PLAYER' and I am forced to get out of the house with a bright purple ball of light conjured by my magic. Nadya , bless her, bought me a pet cat. she is a female ball of black fur with bright emerald eyes. I conclude that Nadya is the sweetest person in this world![Chapter 2] Author's note : I don't own anything. So, now Nyx (my pet cat)and I are just walking to the park alone. I laid on the soft grass and started locating sirius. I was searching for orion when I heard a rustling sound. \"who is there?\" I bellowed, alarmed. Even Nyx had the fur on her back \"My dear Luna,all grownup now\" said a eerily familiar voice. \"B-Blackheart\" I spluttered,stepping backwards in fear. \"Very good,love\" he grinned as he stepped out of the shadows. I vanished from thee with Nyx and landed roughly on the wooden flooring f my home. I was panting and sweating as I shouted \" Johnny, Danny, Nadya, where are you guys?!\" but I got no reply. \" I'm sorry m'lady but I had to capture them. M'lord's order you know\" said that creepy air-guy Abigor, appearing out of nowhere. \"where are they\" I asked, worried. \"In my place\" said a voice behind me. \"What do you want blackheart ?\" I asked. \"well, just your hand is marriage\" he said charmingly. Now, I did have a crush on him because he was charming,handsome and smart, but I knew I couldn't just say yes. Author's ending note : hope you enjoyed it. pls review:) ","Summary":" Author's note : I don't own anything but this story. enjoy ;) Hi, I am Luna Blaze a.k.a the enchant"},{"Movie":"Sunshine","Title":"Binary","Author":"Punctuator","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5827266","Passage":"[Chapter 1] BINARY We're the night shift, man. No one gives a damn. Following ten minutes of nothing but breathing and low-level hiss from the suit-feeds, Harvey's voice crackled from the speaker above Loinnir Whitby's head. She glanced up from her navigational stats report. Harvey sounded nervous. No surprise there. Next to Robert Capa, no one hated suit-time more than their second comms officer. Whitby took a conscious look at the chronometer. Yes: ten minutes had passed since the last verbal signal from the feeds. She remembered, now, Mace logging his and Harvey's move to sector eight on the ship's hull, where they were applying strengthening polymer to dings from micro-meteorites. After nearly sixteen months outbound, flying straight at the sun like an idiotically slow moth delaying a suicide dive into a porch light, chunks of time seemed to wander off and vanish. It's space, Harv, Mace replied. Might not be immediately obvious, but it's all night, all the damn time. \"Watch the chatter on the line, boys,\" Whitby said. In the stillness of the flight deck, her voice sounded loud in her ears. She checked the readings from the suit-feeds. \"Harvey, your respiration is a little shallow. You okay?\" She knew from long experience how easy it was to feel cut off in those damnably bulky EVA suits. Add the press of black space all around, and claustrophobia was practically a given, even for the most experienced astronaut. And Harvey, at his best, was hardly a poster boy for placidity. Sending him out to help Mace with routine repairs served as an outlet for his nervous energy and, more importantly, got him away from the zoned hypnosis of the vacuum-symphony murmuring from the ship's glorified wireless, but putting him in a suit meant griping. And more griping. And if they weren't careful, First Officer Kaneda would hear, and then he'd pass word to Captain Pinbacker, and Harvey and Mace and Whitby would all be on report. Again. Personally, she couldn't begrudge Harvey his grumbling. Between herself and him and Mace, they'd each averaged over six hours of hull-patch in their last seven shifts. Today, Whitby was the lucky one who got to stay inside and monitor the others. Something for which the project planning team back on Earth hadn't quite accounted when they'd decided to send a manned ship on a mission to jump-start the planet's fading star: the mounting quantity of meteoric debris the Icarus would encounter on her final approach to the sun. Given the sheer lunacy— all punning aside— of the endeavor as a whole, Whitby tended to forgive the oversight. Not that she, like the two outside, wasn't sick of dent-duty. \"Next mission,\" she'd said to Mace, after a particularly grueling spacewalk two days ago, and well away from Pinbacker's electronic spying ears, \"we tell them up front, in no uncertain terms: we don't bloody do windows.\" In the here-and-now, Mace said: We're taking more than 'scour' out here, Loinnir. Is Trey there? Is there anything on the scope? \"Trey's off-deck, Mace.\" Their shift's navigator was aft, in the galley, starting dinner. \"Hold on: I'll check the ping-field.\" She pushed back her pilot's seat, stood, climbed the metal-mesh steps to the navigator's station. She might have asked the ship's computer to tell her if they were heading into anything chunky, but Icarus , in her irritatingly dulcet artificial wisdom, had a habit of requesting \"clarification\" at the damnedest times. Whitby checked the scope. \"Nothing, Mace— no: wait.\" She had to blink hard, then re-focus, to see it. Then she amped the magnification, and there it was, as plain as the mile-wide parabolic shield at the ship's sunward end: a strip of particles like an arm of the Milky Way in miniature, coming in from their ascendant. They were just starting to pass through the tip of the tentacle. \"Yeah. Looks like we're in for hail, lads. Better than pea-sized.\" That does it, Mace said. We're coming in. We can finish this later. Harvey swore. The specifics were too indistinct for the feed to catch. I say we finish it now. I'm not coming out here again later . C'mon, Harv, let's go in. Face it, man: you're a shit magnet. Said Whitby: \"And here we all thought it was the gravity pool spiraling off your massive ego, Mace.\" Har-dee har-dee ha— A burst of static on the line. Then a scream. A look at the video feeds from the helmets revealed Harvey's face twisted in pain; he was gasping. He cried out again, and his voice filled the flight deck. Whitby knew she'd get nothing useful from him. On the monitor showing the feed from the second suit, the expression on Mace's all-American face was morphing from surprise and shock to a focused, fishbowled scowl. \"Mace: respond,\" Whitby said. \"Harvey is losing air.\" I can see that, Whitby. I'm on my way. A grunt as the bulk of his suit collided with Harvey's. Hold still, man. I've got you. You've gotta hold still— Harvey shouted in response, his pitch rising in panic: I'm losing air. Fuck. Fuck. My leg—fuck— Mace— Whitby asked: \"Mace, do you have him?\" Yeah— yeah, I've got him. Applying patch now. There. His left leg's hit, Whitby. Multiple lacerations. I'm bringing him in. Once, years ago, Whitby had seen a spacewalking tech struck by a piece of debris in high Earth orbit. A junk bolt, maybe two inches long, had hit him at sixteen thousand miles an hour. It passed through his helmet— and his skull— like a bullet through shaving cream. He died instantly, of course. In a way, this was worse. At his current rate of respiration, if the patching on his suit was less than a hundred percent tight, Harvey had roughly forty agonizing seconds before his blood turned to gas and he began to asphyxiate. \"Harvey,\" she said, \"calm the fuck down. I'm on my way, Mace. Doctor Searle, medical emergency, main airlock.\" She barked the last words as she left the flight deck and headed at a run forward, along the ship's long main corridor. No response. \" Icarus, where the hell is Doctor Searle?\" Doctor Searle is in the forward observation lounge, Whitby. This had been going on for weeks now: Searle leaving Medical while he was supposed to be on duty, drawn to the lounge at the front of the payload as if the sun were exerting on him not only gravity but something arcane as well. He'd stay up there for hours, communing with his white-hot burning god. Nonetheless, up until this point, he'd continued to respond to his pages. \"Damn it, Searle, answer your—\" \"What is happening, Lieutenant?\" First Officer Kaneda emerged from the Oxygen Garden as Whitby passed. Corazon, the ship's secondary botanist, was with him. She was responsible for tracking their oxygen production and consumption; likely, the two of them had been going over stats. \"Harvey and Mace were on hull duty, sir. They're still outside. Harvey's been hit. Meteorite or some such. His suit's been compromised. I can't raise Doctor Searle.\" Running, now, with her, Kaneda snapped at his comm tag: \"Doctor Reyes, medical emergency at main airlock.\" Reyes spoke immediately from their comm tags: Acknowledged— He paused, stifling a yawn. Whitby could picture him sitting up on his bunk, shaking sleep from his pepper-and-salt hair. I'm on my way . As they reached the staging area for the main airlock, Whitby asked the air: \" Icarus , where is Doctor Capa?\" Doctor Capa is in the payload, Whitby. She went to the airlock's round white inner door, looked out through the thick glass of the window at its center. Mace and Harvey had yet to enter the outer chamber. As Kaneda unbolted the emergency suit-breaker from its bracket near the suit lockers, Whitby prepped the staging area's medical kit. \"Robert,\" she said to her comm tag. A moment's pause, and then Robert Capa spoke from her tag, his tone, as always, practically android-flat. He might have been Icarus' bipedal, less-emotional brother. Yes, Whitby? \"We have a medical emergency at the main airlock. Could I trouble you to invite Doctor Searle to kindly fucking join us here?\" Kaneda looked at her sharply. There was looming, heavy motion beyond the window in the airlock's inner door. We're coming in, Mace said, panting, over the room's intercom. Closing outer doo r— Corazon looked out. \"They're in. Harvey is down.\" She watched the lights on the chamber's pressurization sequence while Kaneda stood by with the suit-breaker. Getting the damned things on and off when people were upright, unpanicked, and unperforated was bad enough; at best, an astronaut down meant back-breaking frustration. At worst, it meant fatal delay. The repressurization light went green, and Whitby threw the handle on the inner door. Mace lumbered clear, as clumsy in full gravity as a man made of lead, as she and Kaneda entered the chamber. Harvey was facedown. All down the back of his right leg, the golden metal of his suit was frosted white. For a second, Whitby was perplexed. Then she realized that that was how Mace had saved him: he'd sprayed the tear in Harvey's suit with hull polymer. She and Kaneda squatted down beside him, got good solid grips on Harvey's cold outer shell. \"Ready—\" Kaneda said— \"— and lift .\" He and Whitby grunted in unison, straining, and the suit's rough mesh squealed against the deck as they turned the comms officer over. Whitby forced herself to look without hesitating through the view-slit in Harvey's helmet. Harvey's eyes were still in his skull. Intact. Unhemorrhaged. They were full of pain, but they were looking back at her. Whitby smiled as she spoke words he likely couldn't hear. \"He's alive.\" She made way for Kaneda, and they set about getting Harvey's helmet off. ##### Two minutes earlier, Capa left the payload's control room and re-entered through the public gangway. He ran the length of the metal catwalk that traversed the cathedral-like length of his and Doctor Kirbuk's bomb, his footsteps and breathing lost to the silence and the gray shadows stretching off to the sides, spiked at receding intervals with dusty columns of maintenance-light illumination. At the catwalk's far end, he turned to the right, down a dark and narrow metal corridor; then, without slowing, he swung sharply to the left and entered the forward observation lounge. The light nearly sent him reeling. It was like a physical presence. It filled his eyes, took his breath. Capa threw his forearm up to shield his face, turned his head, cringed away from the anticipation of heat. Through squinted lids, he could see Searle, immersed in glare, staring out through the computer-controlled tint of the reinforced glass of the room's wall-wide forward window. He called the man's name, got no response. He heard his own voice speak from the doctor's comm tag. \" Icarus : filter opacity sixty percent,\" Capa said, and called again: \"Doctor Searle—?\" Searle turned from the window. He was wearing sunglasses. His expression cooled from an eerie ecstasy to an even more eerie blankness as the room dimmed to a normal lighting level. His smile when he saw Capa was absolutely chilling. \"What is it, Robert?\" he asked, dreamily. ##### Outside the airlock chamber, Kaneda lifted Mace's helmet clear, helped the mechanic pull off his chest plate. Most of the crew wore sweat-catchers inside the helmets; perspiration misted from Mace's dark buzzcut as he tugged off a blue Air Force stocking cap. He finished shaking loose of the suit, swept rivulets of sweat from his square jaw with the back of his hand, and dropped to his haunches with the others surrounding Harvey. \"Hey. Harv. Look at me. How're you doing, man?\" Harvey's brow beneath his black hair was clammy and slick with sweat. He seemed to be poised between vomiting and passing out. But he did as Mace said, and focused his black-brown eyes on the mechanic's face, and for that Mace earned Whitby's respect: he'd drawn Harvey's attention, if momentarily, away from his injuries. \"I'm gonna lose my leg,\" Harvey whispered. He was on his back on the deck, half out of his suit. In addition to chunks of space rock, shrapnel composed of suit-mesh was embedded in his left thigh. Right now, that shrapnel was keeping his leg hooked into the suit; at the same time, it was both bisecting and sealing his femoral artery. Square-shouldered and solid, Doctor Reyes, armed with laser shears, was methodically cutting the suit away from around Harvey's wounds. \"Don't worry, man,\" said Mace, still breathless, still wired with adrenaline. \"Looks like you'll be dead of blood loss well before that.\" Harvey's dark eyes filled with tears. \"No—\" \"Mace, for fuck's sake—\" Whitby shot him a shocked and angry glare— \"—shut up—!\" A moment later, Searle arrived. Capa was with him. The ship's two medics stabilized Harvey's lacerated leg within the remains of its metal shell, and then Mace and Whitby and the others stretchered the comms officer to sickbay and two hours of surgery. ##### Unsurprisingly, Captain Pinbacker's first order of business, on being awakened for his shift an hour and a half early, was to call a meeting of the fourteen members of his crew who weren't sedated and hooked to IVs. Roughly half of them were tired and tense; roughly half were still half asleep. Despite Earth Control's protestations to the contrary, the professional astronauts of the Icarus felt themselves, as Harvey had implied, to be split along day-and-night lines. No real accounting for it, save for the fact that half of the crew took direct orders from the captain while the other half normally answered directly to First Officer Akira Kaneda. The P-team, the K-team, which too easily became \"A\" and \"B,\" an unwritten class distinction, with all its implied resentments. They positioned themselves in the mess accordingly. Mace took a spot next to Whitby against the wall, just inside the door. Of all the crew save Pinbacker, they had the most military experience, and they instinctively positioned themselves where they could best survey their surroundings. Trey took a seat at the nearest table. Searle stood by the galley door, his arms folded against his t-shirted barrel chest, his sunburned face calm and impassive. Corazon, the woman who made no effort to hide the fact that she preferred plants to people, claimed for her own lithe self a bench seat to Mace's left. Looking as if he wanted nothing more than to be skulking in the shadows at the heart of his bomb— or at least to be hiding under the table— Capa practically folded his bony frame into the corner seat next to her. Mace suppressed a smirk at Capa's obvious discomfort; he settled for watching the arrival of their dayside counterparts. Black-haired Ingrid Barring, the Icarus ' chief navigator, positioned herself on the other side of the doorway, leaned her angular self against the wall, her hands in her pockets, and pointedly neglected to acknowledge either Mace or Whitby. She kept her icefield-blue eyes fixed straight ahead. Never one to err on the side of compassion, she was no doubt angry about having to assume the main share of Harvey's duties; almost more certainly, she was blaming Harvey's cohorts for said inconvenience. In warm contrast, Therese Moeller, a Berliner by way of Kingston and the mission's mainframe and communications specialist, smiled for them when she entered, followed closely by wiry, chestnut-haired James Sullivan, the ship's chief botanist. \"Mace,\" he said, amiably, in passing. \"Hey, Sully.\" Jim smiled; more than that, he winked at Whitby as he and Moeller claimed the bench opposite Corazon. Mace liked to think that, had Capa been born with a personality, he and Sullivan would have been a whole lot alike. Andrew Cho, Mace's dayside counterpart, came in next; he gave Mace a thoughtful nod and went to stand near Searle. The ship's chief pilot, Cassandra Cassidy, followed him; dark-haired and marble-sculpture delicate, the one among the crew who seemed closest, in Mace's opinion, to the line demarcating humans and angels, Cassie was the the member of the A-team most willing to fraternize with the B-squad. She smiled as she took a seat at the table. \"Hi, Trey.\" Trey gave her one of his crooked wry smiles in response. \"Cass.\" From his peripherals, Mace saw Capa sit up just a bit straighter, spotted a hint of color creeping along his pale jaw as Capa kept his gaze oh-so-casually focused away from the woman at the table. Well, cue the turtledoves and violins . Mace fixed his own eyes on a spot on the opposite wall and unleashed the smirk he'd been holding back. Next in was Armand Reyes, deep in discussion with the mission's chief physicist, Gavrila Kirbuk. Now Mace felt himself straighten up. Short, solid, graceful, Kirbuk radiated energy. A youthful sixty-two, possessed of strong features, thick blonde hair shimmering with silver highlights, and a devastating smile, she was every bit the human being Robert Capa wasn't. At twenty-five, Capa had been a certified genius pretty much his entire life. He had designed the massive nuclear device that the Icarus was pushing to the sun. Behind an angelically handsome face and ethereally clear blue eyes (according to the mission's press kit, anyway: to Mace, he was more of a pale-eyed, scrawny little geek)— which purely physical traits had, unfortunately, placed him at the forefront of the publicity for Project Icarus— he was also introverted, almost cripplingly shy, and a mumbler. As a boy, he'd come within inches of being diagnosed with Asperger's syndrome. Meeting the public and the press was hell for him; conversely, leaving Earth had practically been a blessing. Russian-born Kirbuk, on the other hand, was brilliant, though not as brilliant as her young American protege. She was, however, an organizer, a communicator, and a charming, sociable woman who was equally comfortable addressing funding committees, peer groups, and members of the World Space Administration, from the janitorial staff on up to the directors of operations. In addition to her scientific prowess— after all, if things went as planned, she was destined to go down in history as Capa's primary help in saving the world— like Cassie, she brought empathy and patience to her surroundings, qualities that could be priceless on a mission slated to last nearly three years. Kaneda entered the mess next, his face expressionless beneath his tidy black beard. And then came Pinbacker. Mace nearly snapped to attention as the captain passed. Beside him, Whitby nearly did, too. Daniel Pinbacker was one of the few men Mace considered physically imposing. Standing six-foot-three, hard with muscle, broad through the chest and shoulders, his dark hair shaved close to his skull, the captain of the Icarus was a perfect example of the military alpha male. He was good-looking, too, in a classic square-jawed way. He handled his people, his ship, and his materiel with level-headed competence; moreover, he was the finest hand-to-hand fighter Mace had ever known, and almost inhumanly fast with a knife. But something about him made Mace uncomfortable. Maybe it was his eyes. They were dark brown, not alive and sparkling like Cassie's, or broadcasting \"kick me\" insecurity like Harvey's, but possessed of a tremendous, almost terrible, depth. Looking into the abyss, and realizing the abyss was looking back: admittedly, Mace had paid less than full attention in Philosophy 101, but Nietzsche echoed in his ears the day he and Pinbacker met. \"For those of you who have yet to check the ship's event log-\" Pinbacker spoke as he took his place at the center of the room. His voice was quiet but resonant. He cast a mild but piercing look toward the sound of conversation still emanating from Reyes and Kirbuk; the two of them went silent. \"— at approximately oh-five-thirty hours today, Communications Officer Harvey suffered impact injuries to his left leg while assisting Lieutenant Mace with minor repairs to our outer hull. Following surgery performed by doctors Searle and Reyes, Mr. Harvey is resting, under sedation, in sickbay.\" He paused, offering time for comment; when no one spoke, he brushed the knuckles of his right hand against the top of the table at which Cassie and Trey were seated. \"It has come to my attention that response to the situation was less than optimal.\" From the calmness of his tone, he might have been commenting on the week's stats for carrot growth from the ship's garden; still, Mace could swear he felt a collective shudder ripple around the room. Before Pinbacker could look his way, Searle spoke: \"I admit, I was in the forward lounge. I was wearing my earbuds.\" He offered a professionally apologetic smile to the room at large. \"I'm afraid I had the Mahler turned up a little too high. When Whitby paged me, I didn't hear her. I'm sorry.\" \"No.\" Capa looked troubled. His brushy eyebrows drew together in a scowl. It was an effort for him to speak in front of the entire crew, and as Mace and the others turned his way, he seemed to shrink even more tightly into his corner. \"You weren't wearing earbuds, Doctor Searle. You could hear. You turned to me immediately when I said your—\" \"Please don't correct me when I'm speaking, Doctor Capa.\" Searle looked at Capa, pleasantly but a little too directly, until Capa looked uncomfortably away. Then he turned to Pinbacker and the assembly at large. \"I was listening to music; I didn't hear Lieutenant Whitby paging me. I accept my fault, I've been put on report, and I apologize.\" Pinbacker nodded. \"I understand Lieutenant Whitby was alone on the flight deck when Mr. Harvey suffered his accident.\" \"That's correct.\" Trey cleared his throat. \"I was in the galley, starting dinner for the night— for First Officer Kaneda's crew.\" As he spoke, everyone looked Trey's way. Everyone, that is, except Searle. The doctor was again watching Capa, and his eyes reminded Mace of a shark's. Capa seemed not to notice. \"There should be two personnel on-deck during EVA work,\" Pinbacker said. Whitby spoke: \"That's not in the regs, sir.\" \"It is now.\" \"Do you mean now -now, Captain, or nunc pro tunc -?\" Pinbacker scowled. \"I beg your pardon, Lieutenant?\" \"If you think for a second that Mace or Trey or I were derelict in the performance of our duties, sir, you are mistaken. Doctor Searle was the one who—\" \"Lieutenant Whitby—\" \"I am not being put on report over this.\" \"One more word, Loinnir, one more, and you damn well are—!\" He looked at her with open anger; she looked fiercely back. Whitby was a tall, lean woman of many sharp edges. Elbows, shoulderblades, knees. Tousled ash-blonde hair kept short. Wideset North Sea-blue eyes, high forehead, straight nose, strong jaw. Her mouth seemed to be too sensual for her own liking, and what seemed to be worse— to her way of thinking, anyway— smiles brought to her cheeks the betrayal of dimples. Not that she was anywhere near smiling now. If Pinbacker was their alpha male, she was the crew's alpha female. Accordingly, she and the captain struck sparks off one another. Temperamentally, sometimes sexually. And often, as now, procedurally. Nevertheless, Whitby was a career officer, she was devoted to the mission, and she followed the chain of command. She relaxed her stance and her expression; she shifted her gaze to a point near Pinbacker's left ear. \"Understood, Lieutenant?\" Pinbacker asked, more quietly. \"Understood, Captain. My apologies, sir.\" \"Accepted.\" To his entire crew, Pinbacker said: \"Dismissed.\" To doctors Reyes and Searle, he added: \"A word, if you please, gentlemen—\" He and the medics were discussing Harvey as the others left. In the corridor, Mace clapped Capa on the shoulder. \"Way to put Searle in his place, big guy.\" Capa glared, opened his mouth to reply. \"Robert—\" Cassie gave Mace a reproving look as she drew Capa away. As she and the boy wonder wished one another a good morning and a good night, they held hands as shyly as a couple of school kids. Mace treated himself to another smirk as he walked back to engineering, to finish his shift and to hand the duty report off to Cho. ##### A while later, he passed Whitby as they were on their respective ways to and from the showers. She had stalked off to the flight deck after the meeting; she still looked grim now. Mace drew her to a halt. \"Look on the bright side.\" They were just short of the up-passage leading to the crew quarters, and they were alone in the corridor. \"This promises to be the best make-up sex you and Cap'n Dan ever have.\" \"We're not— Shit.\" Whitby was Scottish; she sounded it as shite . \"Things change, Stephen.\" Mace felt a chill. He stood with her through a long pause before he asked, very quietly: \"Did he hurt you?\" Whitby smiled darkly. \"Are you offering to thrash him for me?\" \"No. You could do that yourself.\" He wasn't joking. He'd witnessed the proof in a bar fight. She had big hands for a woman, and arms as long and strong as anchor cable, and once he'd seen her lay out a guy twice her weight with a single punch. \"He hasn't hurt me. Not as such.\" Whitby looked along the corridor before them, behind. \"He's grown quiet, Mace, when we're alone. He's obsessing over the sensor feeds, the raw data pouring in from the sun. He's apt to deny it, but he spends nearly as much time in the forward lounge as Searle.\" \"You're worried about him.\" \"I am.\" \"I don't want you to take this the wrong way, Loinnir—\" Mace waited until she met his eyes, and then he was careful to keep his expression sincere. She might be hard-as-nails Whitby, but she was a good-looking woman, and she had to know that he knew they were both standing there in nothing but flip-flops and bathrobes. \"— but if there's anything I can do—\" \"You already have, Stephen. Thanks for listening.\" She smiled for him and walked off, toward the shower block. Mace watched her go, then went to the cabin he shared with Cho. ##### Sixteen crew members, a module containing eight tiny residential cabins, eight narrow bunks. The design team's effort to allocate more space for equipment and supplies. The living space aboard the spindly Icarus was designed for old-fashioned submarine-style hot-bunking, which, over the months, had led to a code of etiquette that, most simply distilled, meant no sex in your roomie's cot. Which, in other words, meant sex anywhere but in bed. Which, in turn, had made finding trysting spots possibly the most creative endeavor for those of the crew so inclined. More than once, Mace had spotted Moeller and Sullivan sneaking through engineering, one or the other of them carrying a blanket, on their way back from the storage hold. Cassie and Capa spent a suspicious amount of time together in the physics lab-slant-office off the Oxygen Garden— and in the payload itself, a situation practically begging for jokes co-joining big bangs with very, very tiny ones. Mace and Barring had shared a handful of encounters in the engine room, generically satisfying but hardly memorable. Whitby, with uncanny accuracy, pinpointed the problem while she and Mace were out on comms-tower maintenance: Kind of like banging a glacier, isn't it? When Mace retorted, \"Now, how in the hell would you know that—?\", she'd only taken her own favorite advice and cut the chatter on the feed. She and Pinbacker, for their own part, were rumored to favor the forward observation lounge. Following his shower, Mace had one more stop before bed, and sex had nothing to do with it. He put on a pair of sweat pants and a t-shirt and went to meet Doctor Kirbuk in the recreation area off the mess. She was waiting for him, seated with a mug of tea at one of the room's tables, looking out from behind an array of silver chess pieces. They played almost every day, sometimes before her shift, sometimes before his, alternating the disadvantage of first-wakening and end-of-shift weariness. \"Your play is refreshingly straightforward, Stephen,\" Kirbuk said, as she studied the board, the game saved from yesterday. Mace smiled as he seated himself opposite her, on the black set's side. \"Dumb, you mean. Come on, Doc, I can handle the truth.\" \"No.\" She reached out and with delicate fingertips slid a bishop slantwise across the board. \"You see an opening, you go for it. You act. Playing with Robert or with Kaneda, one can wait for hours for the next move. At my age, that can be a serious consideration.\" She smiled wryly as Mace leaned in for a closer look at the pieces. \"By the way— how goes it with the plain-spoken Lieutenant Whitby?\" \"Case you haven't noticed, Gav, I think she's already spoken for.\" \"At the meeting, it sounded more to me like she was spoken at , not for .\" Mace paused with his hand on a knight. \"Are you trying to put me off my game?\" \"Forgive me, Stephen.\" Kirbuk met his eyes. Hers, like his, were near-sapphire blue; hers were comfortably unreadable. \"The women in my family were matchmakers centuries before we were scientists. It's in my blood. You'd make a fine couple.\" \"More like a compound, you mean.\" \"If you wish.\" \"Whaceonium?\" Mace grinned. \"Some kind of radioactive salt, maybe?\" Kirbuk chuckled. \"Make your move. I'm due in the payload, and it's past your bedtime.\" ##### The next night, they were still traveling through the tendril of meteorites. The field was too wide to skirt, and the chunks were too many and too large to risk suitwork. There was dust now, as well, as fine and dense as fog, and it was interfering with the ship's navigational sensors. Trey worked to get a clear picture of their surroundings. Whitby and Mace visited a groggy Harvey in sickbay, and then she headed for the flight deck while Mace went on general maintenance duty, which duty included the possibility- or not- of salvaging Harvey's EVA suit. ##### At oh-three-hundred hours, there came a knock at the door frame of the garden-side physics lab. Capa's social mind was a moment slow to acknowledge the sound. He looked up from his work pad, saw through the semi-opacity of the privacy strips a woman's coltish, dark-haired form. Similar to but not quite Corazon's. And the botanist had passed by minutes ago on her way to a late night-shift lunch; she'd offered to bring Capa a sandwich, and he'd declined. \"Come in, Cass,\" he said. The ship's primary pilot pushed in through the heavy plastic strips. Her smile was slight and apologetic. Capa smiled slightly back; he could see the circles darkening the skin beneath Cassie's brown eyes. \"I couldn't sleep,\" she said. She had in her right hand a battered paperback. \"Could I sit in here for a while?\" A hundred implications in the slump of her shoulders, the frown hovering about her brow. He didn't say, The garden is right there, Cassie. Go read to the tomatoes. He did say, mildly, his tone not matching the concern he felt: \"Maybe you should talk to Doctor Reyes about that.\" She stopped short of chuckling. \"Drugs? An hour or two in the Earth Room? No, thanks. I'm not crazy. It's that just the dreams are getting—\" She let her voice trail off. Watching her, Capa couldn't suppress a shudder. She saw; then again, she seemed to see everything. Pilots had to be observant, after all. She came nearer, and Capa didn't quite meet her eyes. \"You, too?\" she asked, gently. \"Yes.\" \"Are you still falling?\" \"Even if the gravity is artificial, technically, we're still falling every second of our—\" He stopped himself. \"Yeah, I'm still falling.\" \"Falling into the sun.\" Cassie set her book on his workbench. She drew Capa into her arms and held him. He let her. For a moment he stood motionless, not tensed, not relaxed, simply existing in the context of contact. Then he put his arms around her and held her, closely, in return. Matched sighs as they relaxed. She eased back slightly. Capa read the cue. Didn't misread it this time, as he had months ago. He eased back slightly, too, and kissed her, tenderly. Cassie settled against him, her body molding itself to his as she kissed him back. \"Mmm.\" \"I— I could take a break,\" Capa murmured, when they broke for air. \" We could take a break. Maybe out by the strawberries.\" \"Corazon nearly put Jim and Therese out of the airlock when she caught them 'taking a break' by the strawberries, didn't she? And Pinbacker nearly let her.\" Capa laughed. Cassie joined him. It felt good. Satisfying. For him, it was also a surprising but absolute truth: that simply knowing he remembered how to laugh could be as almost as fulfilling as sex, even with a woman he frankly, if surreptitiously, adored. \"Maybe you'd better read,\" he said. Still smiling, she let him go. \"Is there coffee?\" Capa nodded in the direction of the one-cup brewer on the corner of the room's wall counter. \"Pods in the top drawer.\" \"Want some?\" \"Mm hm.\" Cassie rounded up two plastic mugs, two coffee pods, while Capa got back to work. He was nearly gone again, off among his equations, his own private version of reality, when Cassie placed a mug by his elbow. Artificial creamer, no sweetener. He murmured his thanks and kept working. She took her own mug and her paperback and curled herself into the chair in the corner. For her, as for him, caffeine was more a calming element, a focusing drug, than a stimulant. Within an hour, she would be asleep. The part of his mind that wasn't composed of numbers thought that he could live with her like this, quite contentedly, forever. ##### And then the sky split open. ##### #####[Chapter 2] A/N: Welcome back, fight fans! Occurs to me that, as usual, I forgot the disclaimer: Sunshine and its original characters are the property of Danny Boyle, Alex Garland, and Fox Searchlight Pictures. Whitby and the other made-up folks are mine. I'm making no money off of this. That said, there's a big, weird world o' hurt on the horizon. Have at it- and, as always, thanks for the comments. They're very much appreciated! ##### ##### Two minutes before Capa saw the sky split, ship's time was coming up on oh-three-hundred, the doldrums of the nightshift, where energy levels found themselves mired in a post-lunch Sargasso sea of digestion and dinner and quitting time were faint promises on the featureless horizon. Kaneda was on the flight deck, taking a turn at the controls. Trey was on the upper deck, at Navs, still trying to tune the sensors to see through the cloud of dust and rock that surrounded the ship. Mace was in the gym, doing military presses and wondering whether he should muster his powers of tact and compassion toward his crewmates and offer to trade places with Whitby, who was rattling about in the galley. It was her turn on dinner duty, and her cooking, putting it charitably, fell somewhere between \"battery\" and \"attempted homicide.\" In the galley, their lanky culinary felon was chopping a pile of the ship's ubiquitous carrots. Sullivan, in a t-shirt and lounging pants, walked in, lifted the lid on a saucepot as he passed the stove, took a sniff, flinched. \"Good God. Tell Mace and the others they have my deepest sympathies.\" He continued to the refrigeration unit and rummaged himself a box of the add-water-stir-and-freeze glop that passed for vanilla ice cream. Whitby angled the tip of her knife his way. \"I catch you eating that out of the carton, Jimbo, and you'll be tonight's secret ingredient.\" Sullivan grinned, went to the cupboard for a bowl. \"For the sake of my crewmates, I'd almost be willing to make that sacrifice.\" Whitby's expression remained as steely as the blade of the knife in her hand, but Sullivan saw a smile in her eyes as she went back to her chopping. ##### Many of the crew had trouble sleeping. Ingrid Barring's theory was that, after so many months of tedium and isolation, few of them wanted to spend six to eight uninterrupted hours alone in their own heads. The insomniacs all had different ways of coping. Moeller, for instance, watched chips of old films, or replayed her messages from her family on Earth. She refused to wear headphones; passing the smoked privacy glass of her cabin, you'd hear soft voices, music. Sullivan, like clockwork, made his way to the galley for a snack at oh-two-forty-five. Cassidy kept company with Capa, however loosely you cared to define the term. And Barring split up the interminable passage through the nightly rest period by saving her shower time for oh-two-thirty. Just before oh-three-hundred, still toweling her hair as she emerged from the short corridor leading to the head and the showers, she nearly collided with Corazon, proceeding forward from the direction of the galley. \"Excuse me,\" Barring said. She tried not to sound brusque; with anyone else, she might have succeeded. \"Hmph,\" Corazon replied, in a tone that suggested Barring might as well have been a rhinoceros set loose in the corridor. Barring, seeing a napkin-wrapped packet in Corazon's hand, made a rare second attempt to be sociable. \"Don't feed the second-string physicist,\" she said, with maybe a third of a wry smile. Corazon frowned, passing, then smiled back. She gestured with the wrapped sandwich. \"He certainly won't feed himself—\" There was a tremendous thud. A lung-compressing, encompassing, concussive whumph . The entire corridor skewed sideways. And, that suddenly, the bulkhead next to Corazon disappeared. So did the up-corridor to the crew quarters. The pieces— at least three meters across and two meters high, combined— ripped away from the ship like a giant lid being pulled off a tin. Behind Corazon, they tumbled off into space. Barring was thrown backwards, into the bulkhead behind her. The air slammed from her lungs. She staggered, tripped, hit her knees hard on the waffled decking. From the deck to her left, Corazon turned toward the gaping hole in the opposite bulkhead. Barring froze, staring at the botanist and at the sudden blackness beyond her. And then the air punched into both of them, from behind, from both sides, as the atmosphere rushed out into the void. Aft, ahead of the access to the flight deck, and ahead, just short of Medical and Comms, the emergency bulkheads sealed the corridor. The decompression siren whooped— — and went silent. In the ten seconds of consciousness remaining to her, Barring wondered why. Then she realized: The air is gone. A prickling, a burning, under her skin, in her eyes. In complete vacuum, she would have maybe ten seconds of consciousness. She remembered her training, forced herself to breathe out. Nine seconds. An emergency shelter three meters to her right. She threw herself toward it, grasped the door handle with fingers already going numb. Eight seconds. Motion behind her as Corazon tried to stand, tried to cross the corridor. Seven seconds. Barring's eyes felt as though they'd been filled with burning hydrogen. Her vision was going. She fought the urge to take a breath— Six seconds. — as she saw Corazon stumble again to her knees. Still gripping the door handle, Barring leaned across the corridor and reached for the botanist with fingers she could no longer feel— Five seconds. Her throat and chest felt as though they were filling with lead. The blood in her veins, the water in her body, in her eyes, were turning to gas. She didn't know if her feet were still on the deck. Four seconds. Her face twisting with effort, Corazon raised her arm and reached out, and Barring saw their fingers touch. The prickling under her skin was a fire now, an agony— Three seconds. There came a second impact. The corridor lurched sideways. Tipped. The last thing Barring saw was Corazon falling into space from the gap in the bulkhead. Blind, Barring fell into the shelter and clawed the door shut. She heard the hiss of the emergency oxygen. She heard herself scream in pain and fear. And then she blacked out. ##### In the galley, the first impact threw Whitby and Sullivan off their feet. Things spilled, splashed. Whitby swore as her left arm caught a splatter of sauce. In the gym, the resistance bar was jolted out of Mace's hands. Falling, it nearly caught him in the head. The lights went out, revived as blue-tinged emergency illumination a heartbeat later. He was up a second after that, running for the flight deck. ##### The first impact hit aft of the garden. The deck bucked violently beneath Capa's feet. He nearly fell. The mugs, half full, skittered off of table- and counter-tops and plummeted, splattering coffee. Cassie started awake, dropped her book. She pushed up out of the corner chair as the decompression alert went off in the main corridor. Capa stared at her in confusion. For a second, not quite fully aware, she stared back. Then she grabbed his hand, hauled him through the privacy strips to the landing overlooking the garden. \"Capa, come on—\" The soles of their shoes thudded together on the metal stairs. Halfway down, hearing the klaxon whooping in the passageway outside the garden, feeling the aftershocks jolting through the infrastructure of the ship, Capa realized where she was taking him: there was an emergency decompression shelter forward of the garden's double doors. Which slid heavily shut when they reached the bottom step. Capa ran to the doors, hooked his fingers into the handle-indent on the right-side panel, and pulled. \"No— Capa, no.\" Cassie put her hand on his shoulder. He stopped pulling. She leaned in and up, looked out through the window in the left-side door panel. \"There's a hull breach,\" she said. \"This sector, maybe one over—\" \" Icarus ,\" Capa said, \"verify location of hull breach.\" Icarus didn't respond. Another impact, directly overhead. They looked up. A body. A fucking body had hit the middle window. A skull shattered into a comet-tail of blood and bone against the thick glass. Then something huge and dark, an edge, a metallic corner, struck the window and tumbled away. A building-shadow raced across the garden and was gone. \"Oh, my God—\" Cassie said. Capa crossed to the wall-comm mounted outside Corazon's office, repeated: \" Icarus , verify location of hull breach.\" No response. \"First Officer Kaneda, respond.\" Silence from the feed. \"Mace? Whitby?\" Capa said. \"Flight deck: respond, please.\" From the window where the heavy tumbling something had struck came a sharp popping sound. The lights flickered. Cassie brushed past Capa, heading for the workbench Corazon called her office. \"There's no decompression closet in here,\" she said. \"But the whole room is designed to act as a radiation shelter. If there's any radiation, that is—\" Capa looked up at the damaged window. A crack was forming in the glass. \"Can you close the shutters?\" He heard the grating overhead as the first crack spread, as a second and third sprung from it like tributaries. At Corazon's workstation, Cassie typed a password, access codes, commands. Her eyes were intent on the flatscreen monitor. \"Taking the radiation sensors offline now—\" Capa joined her. With luck, Icarus , blind to any threat from radiation, would have to trust the judgment of her human crewmates. \"Entering radiation-shield override,\" Cassie said. The screen at Corazon's workstation flickered, then froze. Capa rested his hand on Cassie's shoulder as the two of them held their breath— — possibly, he thought, for a very, very long time — Radiation protocol initiated. Shields closing. A pre-recorded message. Not Icarus ' \"live\" voice. Jolting, not only because of the implication— that the mainframe had been damaged— but because of how easy it was to tell. Cassie straightened away from Corazon's workstation. She and Capa watched the articulated lead-gray shutters unfold and slide up and over the garden windows. \"I'm not sure if the seal will be air-tight,\" she said. \"If it isn't—\" \"Cassie—\" \"— the last of the oxygen is yours. You know that. You're vital to the mission. I'm not.\" Capa couldn't meet her eyes. \"Let's have another look at the corridor, try to get the doors open.\" ##### With comms down, those aft of the breach, like Mace, made their way to the designated meet-up point at the flight deck. There, joining Trey and Kaneda, Mace, Whitby, and Sullivan witnessed a horrifying vista through the forward windows: the crew quarters tumbling away from the ship, amid shattered shards of one of the rotating communications towers. A dead hiss from the comm feeds. Static and scrambling from the monitors, as Icarus re-routed her functions. Whitby broke away, ran for the corridor heading forward. \"Dan—!\" Mace and the others followed her a second later. Whitby was clawing at the horizontal midseam of the emergency bulkhead that blocked the passageway, ramming the heavy alloy top-panel with her shoulder. It was the only time Mace had ever seen her lose control. \"We can't get through,\" she said. \"Mace, it's sealed. We have to get it open—\" \"Loinnir, no. No.\" Mace grasped her upper arm. She swung on him, stopped just short of hitting him. He met her panicked eyes. \"You saw. We all did. There's a hull breach. The living quarters are gone.\" ##### Methodically, they called for responses from the comm links. Nothing from Searle, Corazon, Harvey, or Capa. Nor from Pinbacker, Barring, Cassidy, Kirbuk, Moeller, or Reyes. Mace nodded toward Whitby. \"Try me.\" \"Mace, respond,\" Whitby said. No sound came from his tag. \" Icarus ,\" Mace said, \"how many crew are on board?\" Unable to specify at this time. \" Icarus , where is Captain Pinbacker?\" Unable to locate at this time. \" Icarus ,\" said Kaneda, \"give me a list of crew currently registering pulse and respiration.\" Unable to specify at this time. \"Identify speaker, Icarus ,\" Kaneda continued. First Officer Akira Kaneda. Kaneda nodded at Mace. \"Identify speaker, Icarus ,\" Mace said. Unable to identify at this time. \"Verify pulse and respiration for Whitby, Icarus .\" Unable to verify at this time. \"She can't tell whether we're alive or dead,\" Trey said. \"She's lost the em-names on up.\" Whitby looked at Mace. \"At least. That's top-level mainframe function.\" Kaneda nodded. \"There could be a coolant leak. Or worse. Mace, Trey: get on it. Whitby, Sullivan: head out with patching. We need to seal the hull—\" Sullivan was looking numbly at the emergency bulkhead. \"There could be survivors on the other side right now, sir—\" \"If anyone reached the emergency shelter, they will have air enough to wait. If we cut through the bulkhead without knowing what is beyond it, we risk further depressurization.\" \"Wasting time,\" Whitby said. \"C'mon, Jim.\" She patted his shoulder, ran for the aft airlock. Sullivan followed. ##### Before she sealed her helmet, she took a deep breath and wiped the tears from her eyes. ##### In less than five minutes, she and Sullivan were suited up and leaving the aft airlock. They shared a tether line at waist level; in addition, they had tethered to their wrists bags of cutting tools and bound sheets of bond-patch. They hauled themselves forward along the hull on inch-thick maintenance cable. Once they reached the main break, Whitby glanced inside. No sign of bodies. Sealed pressure doors three meters forward, two meters aft. A green light on the decompression locker across the way. Someone was alive, awaiting rescue. No time to gawk at the size of the hole in the bulkhead, which was three and a half meters across if it was a finger's-width: she started cutting the first piece of sheeting, signaled for Sullivan to stand by with the smaller pieces of glue-sheet that would knit themselves to the bond-sheeting and set on contact. With luck, they'd have the breached sector re-sealed in under ten minutes. Sullivan hesitated, wrangling the glue-sheets. His helmet was facing forward along the hull. Whitby turned, looked where he was looking. A body was caught up in the infrastructure ahead of the comms-tower assembly. Whitby focused hard, trying to see what Sullivan was seeing, through the obfuscating dust. It was Therese Moeller. Her dark skin was rimed gray; she was hanging over one of the alloy beams like a shipwreck survivor clinging to a spar. Only no current stirred her limbs. She was absolutely still. Terry — Sullivan said. Whitby heard; the localized inter-suit radio feeds were functional, even if the ship's mainframe-driven comms weren't. She saw him reach for the hook on his end of the waist-tether. \"No, Sully.\" He ignored her. He unhooked his tether, fired his suit thrusters, and flew toward the infrastructure. When he was even with the comms-tower assembly, the remaining arm spun suddenly into view, out of the dust. It hit Sullivan like a ten-meter-long baseball bat. Over her suit-feed, Whitby heard him grunt in pain, watched in horror as he was knocked head over heels toward the outer edge of the shadow trailing the solar shield. Whitby tethered the repair kit to the Icarus , oriented herself, fired her thrusters, and leaped after him. The rough rule was that you had an eight-count, at speed or in free-fall, before you left the protection of the shield and the sun vaporized you. She caught Sullivan at \"four.\" And at that moment, upside-down, with the perfect clarity of adrenaline, she saw something. Through a break in the dust cloud surrounding the ship, at a distance of nearly a mile, she could see the wreckage of the crew quarters caught— at approximately eleven o' clock, piloting orientation— in the gridwork of beams supporting the edge of the solar shield. No time for staring, though. No time at all. She fired her left-hand suit-thrusters to turn herself and Sullivan back toward the ship, the right-hand thrusters to trim their angle. \"Jim, thrusters. Now—!\" She didn't know if he was conscious, let alone alive. To her relief, his thrusters fired. They hurtled back toward the Icarus . Now, however, she had to wonder how much velocity they'd lost relative to the ship. The chalk-white hull was slipping by as they approached. Whitby unclipped her cable gun, fired a hook. If she missed, or if the hook failed to penetrate the hull, she and Sullivan would be left behind. If they hooked in too far aft, they could be dragged into the plasma wash from the ship's engines. She grunted as the hook caught, as roughly fifteen meters of cable went rigid between herself and the hull. She triggered the cable retrieval and held on tight as she and Sullivan were reeled back to the ship. With one hand still on his suit, she re-hooked their tethers to the maintenance cable running the length of the hull. She turned him so that she could see through his visor. \"Sullivan,\" she said. \"Jim, are you ready to work now?\" He was wincing, in pain or shock or both. She saw him nod. Y—yes. I'm sorry, Whitby— I'm— Thank you f-for— \"No problem. C'mon, let's get at it.\" ##### The mainframe room was aft, between the flight deck and engineering, and dark. Trey walked in first, slipped, and fell flat on his back. The deck was wet. He yelled when his trousers and the back of his shirt soaked through; he yelled louder when he put his hands on the deck to push himself up. For a second, Mace ignored him. He knew that the liquid on the floor was coolant; he knew that touching it was like being sprayed with Freon. He moved slowly into the room, his eyes fixed on the two-meter-high tank that housed the ship's mainframe. It was intact. No warping in the alloy framing. No obvious cracks in the thick Plexiglas sides. \"Don't be a baby, Trey,\" he said. He reached down, caught Trey's arm, helped him up. \"Fuck—\" Trey grimaced as he wiped his hands on his shirt. \"That shit burns .\" \"Don't I know it. You can wash it off later.\" Still careful of his footing, Mace approached the tank. The clear blue liquid stood roughly six feet deep. The upper edge of the top motherboard was exposed to a height of roughly six inches. \"Looks like we had a slosh, not a leak. Check the stats: I'm thinking Icarus had time to reconfigure when this board was exposed. The loss of signal from the comm links probably has more to do with us losing that tower.\" Trey moved, stiff-kneed, cautiously, to the ops panel on the wall behind the tank. \"I think you're right,\" he said, scanning the monitors, the mostly green array of go-lights. \"Now what?\" \"We top off the tank, check the frame and the mooring, and give that board a chance to cool back down. If it's cooked, we can swap it out later. We can recover the spilled coolant, too.\" \"Okay.\" The main parts locker was positioned between the mainframe room and engineering. Mace keyed his lock-code at the hatch, went in, came out with two twenty-liter box-bottles of coolant. \"We're gonna need at least eight more of these,\" he told Trey. He set the bottles on the deck by the tank, climbed the ladder to the maintenance gantry above the mainframe. \"Here. Pass one up.\" ##### Outside, Whitby continued her repairs after Sullivan signaled to her that he was going in. He didn't have to say a word: she could see globules of blood floating in his helmet. \"Sully, tell Kaneda we're good to repressurize,\" she said. Sullivan answered with a weary thumbs-up, hooked his end of the waist-tether to the maintenance cable, and hauled himself toward the airlock. Whitby went back to reinforcing the patch over the hull breach. Minutes later, another form in a bulky golden suit approached from the direction of the aft airlock: Mace, armed with a patch kit of his own. He passed Whitby, continued forward to the Oxygen Garden. When Whitby finished with the hull, she joined him in fixing a potentially deadly branching of cracks in the central greenhouse window. Before they went in, they retrieved Moeller's body. ##### Two hours later, Mace and Whitby were back inside. They went to the Oxygen Garden, pulled off each other's counter-pressure vests, and lay side by side on their backs in the fern stand, just breathing the pure cool air. ##### The two of them learned about Harvey at the first crew meeting called by their newly designated captain. Kaneda and Trey had discovered Searle, unconscious, on the deck just inside the entrance to sickbay. He had a broken right humerus and a bleeding gash in his forehead. Harvey was dead. He was still lying on his cot in Medical, and he looked to be asleep. There'd been an air bubble in his IV line. Or, possibly, a spike in his sedative when the power fluxed. Without an autopsy, it would be impossible to know. He and Moeller were their two known deceased. Among the missing, presumed dead, were Captain Pinbacker, Doctor Corazon, Doctor Reyes, Chief Mechanic Cho, and Doctor Kirbuk. Kaneda and Trey had found Capa and Cassie, shaken but largely unharmed, in the Oxygen Garden. \"No other bodies near the ship, in the breached sector,\" Whitby said. Her tone was flat. She felt very tired. \"What about the crew quarters?\" \"No one could be alive out there,\" Mace said. \"There's a chance that—\" Kaneda cut her off. \"We tend to the known survivors,\" he said. \"We save our resources for repair and focus on the mission. Salvage can wait.\" ##### All of them bore scrapes or bruises. In addition to Searle's broken arm, which Kaneda set with the help of Icarus' holographic auto-doc program, Sullivan had two cracked ribs. Barring, having overstayed her mere seconds' welcome in complete vacuum, was the most badly hurt of the injured. Under Searle's supervision, Kaneda and Trey had placed her, unconscious and sedated, in the one-cot hyperbaric chamber in Medical. Now, hours after she'd been taken from the depressurization shelter opposite the hull breach, her extremities were badly swollen; her face was nearly unrecognizable. Her blue eyes were masses of bloody hematoma. \"I've given her a dose of painkiller,\" Searle told the gathered survivors. \"The swelling should subside within eight hours, though she's apt to experience scarring. Right now, she's blind. But neither of her retinas detached; if the liquid in her eyes doesn't turn septic, she'll get her vision back in a day or two.\" \"And if it does turn septic?\" Cassie asked. \"Gangrene,\" Mace said. He looked at Searle. \"Right?\" Searle nodded. \"She loses both eyes.\" \"Oh, God,\" Cassie whispered. She wrapped her arms across her chest, huddled near Capa. She and the physicist were practically sharing a small-animal fugue-state shudder. Mace frowned. He was thinking of Gavrila Kirbuk, and he could feel tears crowding against the backs of his eyes. He turned on Searle. \"Tell me you were in Medical when it happened. Tell me you weren't jerking off up in the forward lounge when we were hit.\" \"I was right here. I was knocked out—\" \"Oh, really—?\" \"Mace—\" Kaneda said. \"Harvey is dead for no reason. Barring is—\" \"What was I supposed to do?\" Searle frowned at him incredulously. \"Break down the pressure door while the hull was still breached?\" \"I don't know. You could have— There must have been something—\" \"Hate to tell you this, Mace, but medicine's a little more complicated than patching holes and filling dents.\" Mace took a swing at him. Whitby blocked his arm; she and Kaneda bowled into Mace, grabbed him. ##### In the hours that followed, Mace focused stonily on the punchlist. He checked the repairs to the Oxygen Garden window and to the hull. He fortified the repairs from inside the ship; he rerouted conduits and wiring. Their air and water recyclers were online and functioning; the non-emergency lighting had reset itself when the emergency bulkheads retracted. With Trey's help, he verified that the mainframe's exposed motherboard was, in fact, undamaged. He and Whitby and Trey worked to reroute and restore the communications functions that were lost when the comms tower broke away. And, seeing the damage to the ship, working his way through the pattern of repairs, he pieced together a picture of what had happened: a meteorite had struck the crew quarters, and then the quarters themselves or a second meteorite hit the comms tower. He imagined they'd never know for sure. ##### The hours Mace spent on the punchlist and on speculation, Capa spent in the payload. The cavernous silence. A gray world unto itself. He realized, verifying density, mass, stability, radiation levels, numbers upon numbers upon numbers, that it was too easy for him to focus on the task at hand. He was too removed from the tragedy they'd suffered. He told himself he was experiencing shock, but he knew he had never really been connected to the world as other people were. Gavrila was gone. He'd known her for ten years. She'd always been kind to him; her genius had always been tempered with patience and generosity, a rare thing in a scientist of her caliber. He thought of her now and felt nothing. Daniel Pinbacker, the sharp-eyed warrior chosen to save the world, had treated him, gruffly, absolutely, sincerely, like a son. He had been a good, creative chess player. He would have done anything to keep Capa safe, to guard the payload, to preserve the mission. Capa thought of him and felt nothing. The others, with whom he'd shared the interior of Earth's one true starship for over a year: stable Reyes, Moeller with her humor, her smile, Cho a welcome even-tempered buffer between the crew and Mace. Corazon, slender and sharp as a wasp, working hard against type by perpetually trying to make sure Capa kept himself fed. He thought of them and felt in himself his surroundings in miniature, in mind-size. Perfectly gray. Perfectly calm. Perfectly empty of emotion. ##### When Cassie came to check on him, in the payload's control room, he was glad. ##### Capa? The one word, through the wall-comm mounted by the door. The comm tags hanging against his chest still weren't working. \"Come in, Cass.\" He reached over, keyed the lock code. Cassie pushed in through the heavy gangway door. \"How's it going?\" She was trying to look less exhausted, more certain, than she actually felt. He could tell. \"Well.\" He offered her a quiet smile. \"We're in good shape on this end.\" She smiled back, just a trace. \"Ninety-six hours,\" she said, looking at the countdown timer. \"After all these months, where did the time go?\" \"It's all relative, Cass. Past and future. Before and after.\" He saved his work on his touchpad, joined her at the control panel. \"The question is, we make it to the launch point, we deliver the payload: then what?\" \"Then we stick with the plan. We go home.\" That simple. While he held few doubts about the soundness of the science behind the mission— the numbers were there, and either they described reality or, through his error, they didn't— sometimes, rarely, he indulged in the belief that they as a crew might make it home again after they delivered the payload to the sun. Sometimes, even more rarely, and, he realized, a little selfishly, he indulged in the hope that Cassie had humanity enough for two. \"You don't have to be brave for me, Cass.\" \"Yeah.\" She looked at him directly, and her eyes were sad but affectionate. \"I kinda think I do.\" ##### They fell as a group into a funk of exhaustion, disbelief, and shock. Seeking security in community, or simply being afraid, for now, to be alone, people took to bunking in the mess. Having verified that the payload was intact and stable, Capa rested in his usual corner. Mace, staggering in after finishing a marathon of repairs and systems checks, found him and Cassie curled up together like puppies, fitfully napping; the mechanic simply collapsed on the bench across from them and slept. Kaneda was on the flight deck, alone, piloting. Searle tended to Barring in sickbay. A loss of time, of sense of shift: Mace woke when he smelled cooking. Capa was up, scrambling vegetables and tofu. The physicist rounded up the others; save for Barring, they all sat together and ate. Mace watched Cassie staring at the glass beside her plate and found himself thinking, as their chief pilot had to be thinking, of one thing for which they could be thankful: At least there's clean water . A day passed. All of the able-bodied crew worked, ate, and slept in staggered stages. Even after Trey and Whitby restored internal comms late on the afternoon of the day following the collision, there was very little chatter over the ship's internal feeds. Kaneda helped Searle to tend to Harvey's and Moeller's remains. Therese had little choice in her disposition at this point: replacing the gasified blood in her veins with embalming solution was impossible. She'd have no long ride home in the mortuary freezer. But Moeller, as Sullivan was quick to remind them, had loved the sun; she wouldn't mind being committed to the light: cremation beyond the solar shield's outer edge. Harvey's directives, on the other hand, clearly specified interment on Earth, if at all possible. He'd wanted to go home from day one; there'd be no burial in the void for him. That evening, Kaneda called a crew meeting. He did most of the talking, with an emphasis more on status than on morale: They were now a crew of nine, but the payload was intact, they had water, heat, and atmosphere, the recyclers were functioning, and they had navigational capability. In short, the mission was still on. They were three days from launch. ##### That evening, with Mace's help, Trey continued his attempt to restore their communications with Lunar Control, some ninety million miles in their wake. Finally, after an hour of working in complete silence, Mace asked, his tone bone-dry: \"When we get this thing up and running, if we were to ask for one, how long would it be until we could expect a rescue team?\" \"Bet the IndoRuss alliance could have a salvage crew here in three days,\" Trey replied. \"Of course, they'd claim the ship— and sell the payload.\" \"I'd love to see Capa's reaction to that.\" Trey stripped all the expression from his face. \"'Puh-please duh-duh-don't tuh-touch my buh-buh-buh-bomb.'\" \"'Unless you're Cassie,' of course,\" Mace added. \"'Thuh-then you can tuh-tuh-touch my damn buh-bomb all you wah-wah-want.'\" He smirked at Trey; they shared a chuckle. ##### A bit later than that, Whitby was taking her turn at the ship's controls. Their chief pilot, having surrendered the joystick, was off following their junior physicist. Since the accident, when Cassie wasn't on the flight deck, or sitting with Barring, who was barely conscious and only beginning to regain her sight, she had appointed herself Capa's unofficial guardian. Under less-grim circumstances, Whitby might have found a joke in that: it was not unlike a Cavalier King Charles spaniel essaying the role of spike-collared mastiff. As it was, in the dark quiet of the flight deck, the mission's second pilot was subconsciously appreciating the shocked mind's ability to slice grief and hopelessness into bite-sized pieces. Whitby felt the loss of Daniel Pinbacker like a woman freshly cut, sometimes watching dumbly as the blood started to flow, sometimes feeling the sting. She stared at nothing, then at the monitors, in turn, as mechanically as a security camera. The forward view through the windows: the spindle-length of the ship, the immensity of the shield, the distant twisted wreckage of the crew quarters, the dull golden glow of the dust cloud that still surrounded them. The displays showing their course, their speed, their telemetry. Ten lines on the master bio-stats screen. Ten sets of numbers. Pulse, temperature, and respiration: the readouts from the comm tags of their ten survivors— Ten. Not nine. Whitby sat forward, her eyes locked on that tenth line. A pulse-rate of fifty-seven. Respiration: ten breaths per minute. Core temperature well below norm. All as if the owner were comatose. The signal itself was spotty. \" Icarus , identify signal source, bio-stats line ten.\" Unable to identify at this time, Whitby. Whitby called over the general feed: \"Captain Pin— Captain Kaneda, all available personnel to the flight deck, please.\" ##### All of them save for Barring were gathered around the pilot's station, staring at that tenth line of bio-data. \"Whoever it is,\" Searle said, \"they're in bad shape. Numbers like those— that's practically comatose.\" \"It's not an echo from the ship, is it?\" Capa asked. \"No. I've cleaned up the signal; I've checked and cross-checked it.\" Trey, standing behind Whitby's chair, nodded toward the forward window, the dark wreckage of the crew quarters snagged in the gridwork at the upper edge of the solar shield. \"Someone is alive out there.\" ##### ##### #####[Chapter 3] A/N: Sorry for the delay, but this one turned out to be a monster. Thank you for the comments; thanks, too, to those who've added this stuff to their favorites lists. Things are going to get big, weird, and unhappy now, folks. Hope you're enjoying the trip! ##### ##### It was known, morbidly, as \"the coffin.\" The WorSpAd EVA rescue-and-recovery capsule was basically an obelisk-shaped eight-foot-long space suit. No arms, no legs, a single view-slit at roughly face level. Insulated; pressure-activated heating cells buried within a thick soft lining of therma-foam. Room, at a squeeze, for two. The goal was to get the victim inside as quickly as possible, seal, and pressurize. The Icarus was equipped with one coffin, kept in aft storage with the ship's main complement of EVA suits. Kaneda and Mace guided the capsule, tethered, between them, on the long climb to the wreckage of the crew quarters. Whitby, towing a bag of tools and cutting gear, rounded out the rescue party. The three of them were the crew's best at suit-work; moreover, Whitby, a seasoned wreck diver in the oceans and seas back home, knew her way around tight spaces, jagged edges. Which sum of experience didn't make the ascent less vertiginous, chafing, or sweaty. They might have gone the whole way on thrusters, but maneuvering with bulky equipment while moving ever closer to the shield's outer edge was already a risk. One misfire— left for right, right for left— and you'd be off, very briefly and very fatally, to the realm of flame and ash. The image of an old-fashioned Hell stuck in Whitby's mind. Midway, clambering beam to beam, maneuvering the equipment bag from near-snag to near-snag, micro-steering with her suit thrusters, she said: \"God, it's getting hot. Sure you checked the A/C on this suit, Mace?\" Mace grunted as, in unspoken unison, he and Kaneda nudged the coffin clear of a hangup on the gridwork. Your suit, your maintenance, Whitby. You don't like it, pop your helmet and get yourself some fresh air. Quiet, you two, Kaneda panted. He paused, leaned back, looking up at the wreckage. Whitby looked, too. It was all wrong, she thought. The burst cubist tumble of cabins, the black gashes in the twisted metal. Like looking at a shipwreck from beneath. Eighteen minutes later, they'd arrived. They tied off the coffin and the equipment bag, tethered themselves to girders at the back of the shield, assessed the scene. No obvious damage to the shield, Kaneda said. That's good . Mace was peering into the space between the wreckage and the overhang of the shield. Damn, that's a tight fit. Kaneda joined him. You could have asked Trey to come in your place. Mace snorted. He's nearly as bad in a suit as Capa . Unprofessional, Mace, Kaneda said. Good thing they can't hear you on the flight deck. You can always put me on report— Mace replied. A second's silence on the feed, and then he added, dryly: — Captain. Whitby let them snipe. She was studying the wreckage, mapping it in her mind as she would a ship at the bottom of a sunless sea. Gauging tight spots, possible dead ends, potential escape routes. The corridor that had connected the cabins and the Icarus had unspooled like a shredded cardboard tube. At least three of the cabins themselves had been ripped wide open. At least two were missing completely. Two more looked to be breached. No bodies or body parts immediately apparent: Whitby was grateful for that. The cabin nearest the edge of the shield looked to be intact, but the door side was facing into the back of the parabola. If they wanted access, they'd have to cut their way in, and then they'd have to work fast: what air might be remaining within would vent very quickly once they'd pierced the hull. Kaneda chalked on the cabin's hull side a square large enough to accommodate the bulky shoulders of a suit. Mace, prep the capsule. Whitby, you're going in. Break out the torches. The arms of the EVA suits contained feeder lines for a variety of equipment. From the equipment bag, Whitby passed cutting torches to Mace and Kaneda, coupled her own torch to her wrist, checked the lights for her oxygen and fuel lines. All green: no leaks. Still, before she fired up, she took a deep, careful breath. Nothing but the flat odor of sweat and canned oh-two. No sweetness. The fuel smelled, some people said, like sugar cookies. Lighting a torch in the presence of a leak could lead to a backspark inside your suit: the mixture of fuel and oxygen would ignite, and you'd be burned alive. You good, Whitby? Mace asked. \"Good as gold.\" Let's cut, Kaneda said. They each picked a chalked line, started to cut. Sparks popped along the lines as the torches penetrated the hull. There's air in there , Mace said. Get ready, Whitby. Whitby shut off her torch, unclipped it from her suit, tethered it to the equipment bag. Mace and Kaneda torched the fourth line, quickly, together, and then Mace braced his back against a girder and kicked in the cut segment of hull. An outrush of debris. Whitby boosted herself through the hole. The light from her helmet revealed tendrils of smoke coiling like snakes in zero g. Two bodies, upper left. Tangled. Blankets, shredded gray chunks of insulation— A man and a woman, frozen as if in freefall. They were suspended above her, floating on their backs just shy of what had once been the cabin's left-side wall, their bodies imparted motion by the movement of Whitby's light. No time to assess their condition. She grabbed the woman's arm, pulled. \"Kirbuk\"— she said. One body through the hole, into the rescue capsule. \"— and— ah, Christ— it's Pinbacker.\" The ah, Christ, the reason: Mace saw a second later, as Whitby passed the second body through. Pinbacker was burned almost beyond recognition. Oxygen fire, coolant fire, electrical fire: he'd gotten himself in the path of an inferno when the accident happened. Mace and Kaneda shoved him into the coffin with Kirbuk, sealed it, activated the pressurization and the heating cells. One detail registered in Mace's mind before he and Kaneda closed the capsule: the light on Pinbacker's biostats tag glowing blue. He, not Gavrila Kirbuk, was their survivor. ##### Confirmed, inside, an hour later: Kirbuk was dead. And Pinbacker was dying. Searle informed them bluntly of that fact when the greater part of the remaining crew had gathered in Medical. The captain had third-degree burns over more than seventy percent of his body. What was worse was that he wasn't comatose. Impossible, but true. He'd screamed out a lungful of air when they unsealed the rescue capsule, and he'd continued to scream until Searle injected him with enough sedative and painkiller to floor at least three men Pinbacker's size. Now he was twitching in a chemical slumber while Searle did his best to dress his burns. At the rear of Medical, outside the tiny room that housed the ship's mortuary freezers, Gavrila Kirbuk was lying on a steel examination table. She was dressed as she normally dressed for bed, in loose lounging pants and a worn black sweatshirt. Her face was very pale, suspensively still, as if she were neither dead nor, more poetically, sleeping, but anticipating something that required her to close her eyes. A splash of water, maybe, or the pouring-on of plaster-of-Paris for a life-mask. Her feet were bare. Mace thought she looked cold. The idea seemed to prick the backs of his eyes. He reached out and brushed the knuckles of his right hand against Kirbuk's cheek. Her skin felt like clay. Whitby was standing with him, silently. She couldn't bear to be in the room, Mace knew, with Pinbacker suffering as he was; she couldn't bring herself to leave. If Mace had been able to move, he might have touched her. If he weren't so certain that if she started to cry he would cry, too, he might have held her. Too much death for two days. Too fucking much. As it was, he and Whitby were still standing like sentries when Cassie and Capa entered Medical and approached Kirbuk's body. \"No. Oh, no,\" Capa whispered. Mace saw his eyes fill with tears, saw Cassie squeeze his hand. \"Yeah. Too bad, isn't it?\" Mace's voice was low and harsh. He took his eyes from Kirbuk's bluish-white face, fixed them hard on Capa. \"Now you've gotta play God all by yourself, don't you?\" \"Mace—\" Cassie looked at him as sharply as her delicate face would allow, shook her head at him. He met her eyes for just a second, then looked away, turned, and walked out of Medical. Whitby followed him as far as the door, and then Mace heard Searle call her name. Mace didn't look back. He kept walking until he reached the staging area outside the aft airlock. There, mechanically, he finished checking and re-airing his EVA suit. Whitby's, too. ##### He shouldn't have been lucid, let alone conscious, but he was. Whitby, on Searle's request, remained by Pinbacker's side after all the rest of the crew had left Medical. Barring walked out with Trey, her hand on his shoulder for guidance. Cassie left with Capa, who seemed stunned to the point of incorporeality by the physical fact of Kirbuk's death. After sixteen months sharing ship-space with the boy, Whitby had come to know that he related to his emotions like a body with a mismatched shadow: when the two parts aligned, when he actually felt something, the effect could be practically overwhelming, or, as now, even devastating. Emotionally, at the moment, Whitby was herself ready to crumble. When Pinbacker looked up at her and said, \"Why did you rescue me?\", she nearly burst into tears. \"We couldn't leave you out there.\" A moment of clarity, granted him by the pain meds. It would last for possibly three minutes. \"Did you ever love me, Loinnir?\" Pinbacker asked softly. She couldn't look at him, and she couldn't look away. She bit the inside of her mouth to draw her focus from the sobs bunching in her throat. \"I still do, Dan.\" \"Knife. Not a scalpel. A scalpel might break.\" \"What—?\" \"Are you wearing your boot knife, love?\" \"Yes.\" He looked in her eyes. His were pleading yet gentle in the raw horror of his face. \"Under my jaw,\" he said. \"Both arteries. Cut them.\" \"I can't do that.\" \"Please, Loinnir. I'm a waste of oxygen. Searle is burning through the mission supply of meds to keep me—\" \"No.\" He gazed up at her, and she could see him beginning to lose himself. When he spoke again, it was with more effort. \"I did something out there—\" He frowned. Frustration as the pain began to slip past the drugs. Frustration, and a terrible fear. His voice dissipated to a dry whisper. \"I realized something. The mission is changing—\" He was on the cusp of not knowing her. Whitby no longer tried to hold back her tears. \"I don't understand, Dan.\" \"You will.\" He focused on her as long as he could. Then his back arched against the cot and he drew a breath that was half a scream. \"Oh, God. God —\" ##### Whitby couldn't retreat to the cabin she had shared with Cassie. Said cabin was shredded like a rotted cardboard box across the upper edge of the solar shield. Their belongings, like those of everyone else aboard the Icarus , were gone. Whitby would receive her share of clothing and toiletries when the surviving members of the crew tallied and allotted the goods remaining in ship's stores, but nothing would replace the picture of Whitby's older brother, Richie, and his wife, Mary, standing on the bleak, beloved beach outside Mulvern, the wind tangling Richie's wild pepper-and-salt hair, a dark-eyed devil's grin on his face, his arm around Mary's shoulders and their big white house perched on the dune-grass bluff behind them. A photo taken by Richie's wayward younger sister before she went wayward all the way to the bloody sun. The knife with which Pinbacker had asked her to kill him was a going-away present from Richard Whitby to his wreck-diver sibling: a CRKT Sting, its sheath chafing Whitby's ankle beneath the shank of her right boot. An irritant, but one to which she was sentimentally connected and the utility of which she understood. By comparison, what drove her to the engine room now bordered on unbearable. Daniel Pinbacker. She'd known the warmth of his body, his textures and touch, his taste, his scent. She sat now with her back to the hard bulkhead beside the huge gears of the ship's differential and breathed the steely funk of hydraulic fluid and grease, trying to flush from her nostrils the odor, metallic-sweet and horrible, of his burned flesh. She had her knees pulled up, her head in her hands. She heard Mace say: \"Loinnir—?\" \"Would you fuck off, Stephen? Please.\" \"You're in the engine room. I work here.\" \"Work somewhere else—\" She meant to say more; her voice trailed off. She felt utterly blank. Mace sat down beside her, close enough so that their shoulders touched. He didn't put his arm around her. \"He knows he's dying,\" she said. Mace said, tightly, \"Hard for him not to.\" \"I'm going to die, too.\" \"Did he tell you that?\" \"No.\" \"Then that's the first stupid thing I've ever heard you say.\" She didn't reply. He was being brutal but honest; she couldn't fault him for it. Nor did she prompt him for the followup— \"I won't let you die, Loinnir.\" In turn, out of respect, Mace didn't look to see her crying. She pressed her shoulder more tightly to his, and he stayed there beside her. That was all. ##### An hour or so later, the new captain of the Icarus was feeling too much stillness aboard ship. He finished re-airing and stowing his suit, didn't see Mace or Whitby as he passed through Engineering. The flight deck was empty: Trey wasn't at navs; the ship was flying on auto-pilot. Voices from the mess. Kaneda entered quietly and stood, he thought, unnoticed just inside the door. They were all there, save for Pinbacker, the people who were now Kaneda's crew, standing or seated around the room's largest table. Searle was on his feet, leaning against the table with his weight on the hand of his good arm. He was addressing all of them, though he was focusing on Mace. \"I can't do that,\" he was saying. \"Without— my God— without at least consulting Earth, I can't euthanize someone.\" \"I'll do it, then.\" Whitby was standing across from Searle, to Mace's left. \"He's already asked me to—\" \"No.\" Mace's tone was uncharacteristically protective. \"You don't want to live with a memory like that, Loinnir.\" \"So what do we do?\" Trey asked. \"Take a vote? Draw straws?\" \"This is sick,\" Cassie said. \"I won't be a part of it.\" She was seated at the table; Capa stood behind her chair, his hand resting on her shoulder. \"We don't vote on something like this,\" he said. Mace nodded. \"For once, I'm siding with Brainiac. This is a command decision—\" — with a hard and sudden look at Kaneda— \"— sir .\" Kaneda looked back at him coldly. \"Make him as comfortable as you can,\" he told Searle, and walked out. ##### Ten minutes later, Kaneda was in the alcove off Comms that acted as the CO's office, paging through screen after screen of stats, solar data, readouts from Icarus ' internal and external sensors, seeing less than he should and wishing more than he ought that he was still first officer. Searle appeared in his peripherals, rapped at the wall. \"A word, sir?\" \"Of course.\" Kaneda gestured at the chair opposite his, across the alcove's small desk. Searle flinched as he sat down. \"How's your arm, Tom?\" A tight smile. \"It hurts.\" \"Can't you give yourself something for it?\" \"I need to stay focused. And Pinbacker needs the strong stuff more than I do.\" He said the man's name. Not \"the captain.\" Kaneda minimized his current windowful of data but didn't look up from the screen of his monitor. \"What did you want to discuss?\" \"I didn't know if I should tell the others.\" Searle's voice dropped. He propped his good elbow on the desktop, leaned closer. \"I examined Kirbuk—\" \"And?\" \"Petechiae in both eyes.\" \"A symptom of vacuum asphyxiation.\" \"That wasn't all. Her hyoid bone is fractured. There are finger-shaped bruises on her throat.\" He waited until Kaneda met his eyes. \"He strangled her, Akira.\" For a second, shock rendered Kaneda mute. \"He must have been mad with pain,\" he said, finally. \"Blind. Panicked.\" \"Or he wanted her air.\" \"He wouldn't do that. He would never have placed his needs over those of—\" Captain Kaneda? Cassie's voice. \"Yes, Cassidy?\" Would you join us on the flight deck, sir? We're about to alter course for final approach. \"I'm on my way.\" He stood as Searle did. The doctor looked at him questioningly. \"Don't tell the others,\" Kaneda said. ##### On the flight deck, Cassie was in the pilot's seat; Kaneda was her acting co-pilot. Trey was at navs, Capa was watching the readouts from the payload, and Sullivan was monitoring life support. Barring was sitting, largely sightless, at comms. In the ship's main corridor, Mace was positioned aft of the patched sector in the hull; six meters farther along, facing back his way, Whitby was standing ahead of it. Cassie spoke over their comm links. New coordinates locked. Changing course now. For a moment, nothing changed. And then: a groaning in the metal of the infrastructure, a long, deep, grinding shriek. A sound unnatural even by man-made standards. Mace saw the corridor shift before his eyes, he felt the deck twist beneath the soles of his boots, and he shouted, even before Icarus could sound the alarm for imminent structural failure, \"Throttle back, Cassie! Power down! Power down—!\" A layer of roar vanished as Cassie cut the main thrusters. A second later, she eased the retros to power, and the groaning died as the ship's motion neutralized. The deck stabilized beneath Mace's feet. He held his breath, listening for the popping of rivets, the cracking of weld, the whistle of air from a hull breach. Twenty feet away, Whitby, one hand pressed gingerly to the patched bulkhead, was doing the same thing. She looked his way, shook her head. Her expression was grim. \"Kaneda—?\" Mace said. Report, Mace. \"Best guess, sir: if we go to full power long enough to change course, the repairs to the hull won't hold.\" Thirty minutes later, his guess was gospel. A scan of the hull showed that the damage to the ship ran deeper than they'd thought. If they tried to turn for their final approach to the sun, the Icarus would snap in two. ##### ##### \"Can we fix it?\" Kaneda asked. He and his people were now gathered as a crew on the flight deck. \"I need hardly point out that loss of navigational capability at this point would be... problematic.\" Trey spoke drolly from the room's upper level: \"All in favor of not flying directly into the sun...?\" He raised his hand. Several of the others did, too. Mace looked around at them. \"Come on, guys. This was always a possibility.\" \"Wait, wait: what ?\" Cassie, standing near the cockpit, stared at him incredulously. \"Crashing the ship was always a possibility—?\" \"Cassie, you knew that—\" \"I know I'm just the pilot; I just drive the bus, but—\" \"You knew there was a possibility we wouldn't make it back.\" \"I guess I missed the memo.\" \"It might not work anyway.\" Capa stepped clear of the shadows around the science station, focused his too-clear eyes directly on Mace. \"The launch is meant to occur within a given range of angles relative to the surface. There's a target zone.\" \"I know that.\" \"So why are you so prepared for us to die? It would be pointless and, worse, likely ineffectual.\" \"If it were effectual, you'd be all for it, though, wouldn't you—?\" Whitby, standing slightly behind Mace just inside the hatchway, saw the muscles tighten in his shoulders. She'd known her share of dangerous men. She brushed past him, drawing his attention away from Capa, and asked, echoing Kaneda: \"So: can we fix it?\" \"Shoring beams for the shield,\" Mace said, \"welded and riveted to reinforce the hull. We can cut them to fit.\" \"With Capa's help, I can work out the engineering angles,\" Trey offered. \"Of course— given the delay, the time deviation— the final course adjustment will be more extreme.\" \"Then we'll have to make sure the repairs are extra-solid,\" Kaneda said. \"Can you work out the corrections?\" \"I think Icarus and I can handle it. We can model any changes before we apply them.\" Trey added, with a bit less brio: \"And, um, anyone who cares to is free to check our math.\" \"I'll break out my slide rule,\" Whitby muttered. \"Don't trust you or that damn box as far as I can throw the both of you.\" \"We're looking at at least an eight-hour job, with a full team,\" Mace said. He turned to Capa. \"Can we accommodate the delay in launch?\" \"The payload has a half-life of roughly five million years,\" Capa replied. \"It's not like the sell-by date is coming up anytime soon.\" Blank looks all around. He blushed, drew into himself. \"I—I'm sorry—\" \"It's okay.\" Trey leaned toward him conspiratorially. \"We've never heard you make a joke before, that's all.\" Tentative smiles, from Cassie, from Whitby and Sullivan. \"Come on, people,\" Kaneda said. \"We have a plan. Let's map out the repairs and suit up.\" ##### The intention was to complete the repairs all at once, without a break. The work crew would take along extra oh-two tanks, to be bundled and tethered in the construction zone. Each tank was good for an hour; each suit held two tanks. In the staging area at the aft airlock, Kaneda reviewed instructions for the inexperienced on how to swap out an empty. Cassie helped Trey and Capa to suit up. Kaneda was going out first, with Sullivan. Whitby would follow with Trey. Mace and Capa would be last. \"Keep in mind,\" Kaneda said, as he wrestled his way into his suit, \"we still don't have comms between the ship and the suits. Suit-to-suit, yes, but they won't be able to hear us inside. Or vice-versa.\" \"So no emergency assistance from Medical or the flight deck.\" Cassie spoke to the room at large, then went back to helping Capa clamp himself into his armored golden exo-self. She leaned a little closer than absolutely necessary, rigging his earpiece and mike. \"Mind your air,\" she said, more quietly, just for him. \"Stick close to Mace.\" \"I will. I want to kiss you,\" he added. Nerves talking: he was surprised when he said it. He was more surprised a second later when Cassie kissed him on the lips. \"Be careful, Robert,\" she said. She drew back, her eyes never leaving his, and closed his helmet. Mace and Whitby would be the fastest to suit up, so they suited up last. They stood apart from the others, savoring a few final moments when their limbs weren't golem-thick and clumsy. Whitby caught Mace watching Capa, his expression flat and cold. \"It's not his fault that Kirbuk is dead,\" she said, softly. \"You know that, right?\" \"Of course I know that—\" He heard his own tone, caught himself. \"Do you want to partner Trey instead?\" \"No.\" He was certain. He was capable. But he was shaking. Out of sight of the others, Whitby drew his head down to her shoulder. \"I'm just so fucking tired,\" he whispered. \"I know, Stephen. I know. Me, too.\" She closed her eyes, rubbed his back. \"But we keep it together, yeah?\" \"Yeah.\" He drew away from her. Not out of embarrassment, though, or out of awkwardness: when he squared his shoulders, Whitby saw at least the ghost of his easy, brash confidence. \"C'mon, woman, I'll help you with your chest plate.\" \"You'll keep your hands well away from my chest plate, you great pervert.\" ##### For the first three hours, everything went relatively well. All six of the spacewalkers guided the ten-meter-long beams from the anaerobic construction hold at the far forward end of the ship; Whitby, Trey, and Sullivan cut the lengths into segments with the chemical torches clipped to their left wrists; Mace, Kaneda, and Capa welded and riveted the pieces in place. Capa managed to stay focused and calm within the confines of his suit until, hanging upside-down at the underside of the hull, he happened to look down into the black emptiness stretching off forever beneath his head. A clear open window in the dust cloud surrounding the ship. And through it he could see— — far off, far, far off, a star. A billion miles away. Close enough to touch. With the blackness crowding in all around him. He drew a breath, pushed it out. The blackness didn't budge. He breathed harder, staring at that single star— Something nudged his right arm. He turned clumsily with his thrusters, saw a gold-suited figure hanging upside-down next to him. Capa? Mace's voice spoke inside his helmet: You okay? \"Y—yeah.\" You're doing fine, man. Relax. Capa nodded shakily, blew out hard. A drop of sweat floated before his eyes like a clear glass bead. \"Okay.\" Mace rapped on his helmet. Don't go staring at shit. You'll freak yourself out. He maneuvered away to meet Whitby and Trey, who were approaching with a segment of girder. Capa checked his remaining oxygen and the charge on his rivet gun and followed him. ##### \"My eyes hurt,\" Barring said. She was on the flight deck with Cassie, sitting in the co-pilot's seat, facing the banks of monitors in the cockpit, the forward windows. Given that ship-to-suit comms were still down, and for all they could see of the work crew through the distance, darkness, and dust— which was to say nearly nothing— she was, despite being some seventy percent blind, practically as cued in as Cassie was to what was going on outside. \"Do you want me to walk you to Medical?\" Cassie asked. \"No. Thank you. I can go on my own.\" A tip Whitby had imparted en route to the aft airlock with the rest of the work crew. The Hibernian witch had her uses. \"Count your steps, Ingrid,\" she'd said. \"Sixty-five short ones from Medical to the flight deck. Another fifty to the aft airlock.\" \"Is that a hint?\" Barring had replied. She felt Whitby's phantom grip on her shoulder as she pushed back in the co-pilot's seat. A simple response, a squeeze. Bony fingers, strong. Barring would never admit to anyone, especially to Whitby, from this private realm of dark shapes and shadows, with the memory of pain and fear still sharp in her mind, how reassuring that contact had been. She got up, eased clear of the cockpit. \"I'll be right back.\" She could feel Cassie watching her. She tried not to resent it. Being solicitous was a central component of their chief pilot's makeup; as even their low-affect backup physicist would be apt to attest, she was the very embodiment of \"caring.\" A veritable trifecta of it: noun, verb, and adjective. \"Call if you need help,\" Cassie said. ##### Two cocktails. One for himself, one for Pinbacker. Just a hint of painkiller, a jolt, an aperitif. His arm was hurting like a bastard. Searle swallowed pills and water, waited, relaxed as the edge, just the edge, of his consciousness softened. He focused. He listened for maybe twenty seconds to Pinbacker's breathing. Listened without looking at the man himself, without consulting the monitors or the holographic rendering of Pinbacker's insides floating in midair beside the captain's cot. Without looking, he listened to the increase in respiration, the rising strain as Pinbacker forced air in and out of his lungs. The wheeze in his throat as he struggled to breathe. His latest dose of painkiller was giving out. In fifteen minutes, he'd be screaming. He'd been better off where he was, out in the wreckage, in zero g. Alone with his conscience, Searle could admit that. In here, the air burned against Pinbacker's exposed flesh. In here, he was one raw nerve ending. Searle went to the drugs cabinet, took out three bottles of Lethanol. He unwrapped a syringe, capped it with a needle. He'd wanted to wait until the others were out of the way. This was a decision Kaneda didn't need to make so early in his command; this was something Whitby didn't need to see. By the time the repair crew returned, Daniel Pinbacker would have died. That was all. Searle pierced the rubber cap of the first bottle of painkiller, drew the contents into the syringe. Behind him, Pinbacker groaned. Searle tossed the empty first bottle into the recycler, reached for the second. \"Doctor Searle?\" \"Yes—?\" Searle placed the syringe, two-thirds full, on the equipment tray to the right of the meds cabinet. He turned. Barring was standing just inside the entrance to Medical, her hand on the doorframe. Uncertainty, a heightened awareness, on her face. Her serge-blue eyes were focused on a point midway into the room. \"Ingrid—? Did you come here by yourself?\" \"I'm not an invalid, Searle.\" \"Sorry. I didn't mean to sound condescending.\" He approached her. Her eyes tracked his motion without quite finding his face. Searle smiled. \"Getting more of your sight back?\" \"Yes.\" She smiled, too, slightly. \"But they hurt. My eyes hurt.\" \"Part of the healing process.\" He took her by the right arm, guided her closer to the bank of examination lights. \"Here: let's have a look.\" She stood, coldly patient, while he checked her eyes. Her sclerae were still shot through with red, but her pupils were beginning to respond, and the swelling, both around the sockets and in the eyes themselves, was practically gone. He offered her a pill for her troubles, pressed it into the palm of her right hand. \"This might make you a little woozy.\" \"It's alright, Searle.\" She waited while he placed a plastic cup of water in her free hand. \"It's not like I'm on duty.\" Searle watched her drink, took the cup back when she finished. \"What do you say to a bit of light therapy?\" \"Alright.\" She held out her forearm, not her hand, and Searle guided her to the Earth Room. ##### Outside, near the new scaffolding of girders caging the bulkhead, Capa found himself floating next to Sullivan, on the far end of a beam. Kaneda and Mace were guiding the opposite end. Sullivan was refueling his welding torch. Do you smell that—? he asked, absently. An odd question. Capa, of course, could smell nothing but the salt-metallic tang of sweat and canned air. \"No. What—?\" Something sweet. Like vanilla, or — Whitby barked, suddenly, over the feed: Sully, don't—! — as Sullivan pressed the power switch for his torch. He screamed. White-hot light glowed from the viewslot of his helmet. Capa froze, staring. Inside his suit, Sullivan was on fire. Mace boosted himself over the far end of the beam, propelled himself their way. Capa, vent his suit—! Sullivan was thrashing, howling. Capa pawed clumsily at him with his heavily gloved hands, couldn't get a grip on the clamp on the man's helmet— \"I can't reach the release—\" Vent his fucking suit—! Mace reached them, shoved Capa aside, shut off the airflow on Sullivan's suit, popped his helmet. The flames extinguished. And for a second Capa looked directly into Sullivan's empty black eye sockets. \"Jesus— Jesus God—\" A second later, Mace had Sullivan's helmet closed and re-sealed. He switched on the man's air a second after that. He held Sullivan by the bulky shoulders of his suit and methodically checked the biostat lights on his chest plate, peered through the view slit of his helmet, past the smoldering horror that was Sullivan's face, and checked the lights there. Red. Nothing but red. No greens, no yellows. He's dead, Mace announced. Whitby and Kaneda and Trey had reached them. \"I— I'm sorry,\" Capa stammered. Mace turned Sullivan's body to face him. Tell him that . Mace. Christ— Whitby got between him and Capa. It was Sully's fault. He shouldn't have fired his torch. And five seconds is the outer limit for venting a suit. How many times have you managed it—? Mace didn't reply. Do we take him in? Trey asked. Over the feeds, a moment of labored silence, of shared breathing. No, Kaneda replied. We tether him; we keep working. ##### He burned. He was sleeping; then he was falling; then he was on fire. An electrical spark ignited a mixture of oxygen and coolant in Pinbacker's tumbling cabin. He became his own lightsource when the space around him went black. Smoke, flame, flashes of flailing limbs beyond the privacy glass of his door. The door bursting open. Vacuum beyond. Pulling himself into— or being pulled into— Kirbuk's cabin next door. The door sealing. There was air. Air. His relief was so great that for a second he didn't realize that while the flames were gone from his body, the pain wasn't. It was still with him now. ##### Maybe, thought Searle, he'd given himself a touch too much. Pinbacker hadn't had nearly enough. In opposition to the uncertainties of spot-titering, Searle was experiencing withdrawal, too: he hadn't been to the forward lounge in days. The sun he saw in his mind was faded, cracked. An artifact from a provincial church, an icon, a piece among dozens on a museum wall. He needed to feel the light flooding his pupils, tingling on his skin, pressing against the vestigial nerve endings of his pineal gland. In the meantime, while he'd managed to drug himself to the point of indecision, the one-time captain of the Icarus was moaning like an animal. Searle? Cassie's voice. \"Yes, Cassie?\" Barring was coming to see you. Did she make it there okay? \"Yes. She's resting in the Earth Room.\" That sound— \"It's the captain. I have to go, Cassie—\" Of course— The feed went quiet. Pinbacker didn't. Searle shuddered, hunched his shoulders, both good and bad, aching and not, and fought an urge to put his hands over his ears. Short of murder, how do I make it stop—? \" Icarus .\" Yes, Doctor Searle? \"Auto-doc programming: medical code override 'Heller.'\" He waited through five seconds of silence. The mainframe was healthy and online; the request was unorthodox. Icarus was locating files in some seldom-visited corner of her vast database, comparing them to standard operating procedure, and, in her artificial wisdom, deciding whether Searle's request required command authorization. Override 'Heller' accepted. Nonstandard procedures programming loading to auto-doc. Searle breathed out. \"Thank you, Icarus .\" Pinbacker's eyes were more green-gold than brown now, the red in his sclerae diluting the contrast in colors. He went silent as Searle approached; he looked up at the doctor with agonized, wordless pleading. \"Relax, Dan,\" Searle told him. \"I'm going to help you.\" He injected Pinbacker with enough Lethanol to keep him quiet. (If it were too much, though, if it killed him— this, thought Searle, from behind the cotton-like scrim of the painkiller he himself had taken— what did it matter, really?) Pinbacker's scorched lids closed over his eyes; his breathing deepened and slowed. Searle ordered up a scan of the man's central nervous system; Icarus, complying, wove in the air before his eyes a three-dimensional latticework of nerves in bright peacock blue. Searle then told her to map and overlay the intersect points between Pinbacker's primary pain receptors and his brain. Simple, really. Maybe too simple. The hot spots— where the captain's body screamed out its agony to his cerebral cortex— appeared, appropriately enough, in red. \" Icarus: virtual-scalpel interface, real-time. Subject: neurological scan, Daniel Pinbacker.\" Acknowledged, Doctor Searle. A stylus in Searle's hand, fetched from the instruments cabinet, a laser-tipped telescoping arm above Pinbacker's head. \"Commence test, Icarus : stylus-to-laser synchronization.\" Commencing test, Doctor Searle. Searle shifted his hand to the right, to the left, up and down, through the holographic representation of Pinbacker's nervous system. The telescoping arm moved as the stylus did. \" Icarus : magnify scan.\" The threadlike nerves before Searle's eyes grew to the thickness of rose stems. \"And again, please, Icarus .\" A thicket now, a thorn bush in brilliant blue. Searle placed the tip of the stylus at the edge of the virtual first of Pinbacker's primary pain receptors, hanging in the air in front of him like a splatter of blood, and depressed a button on the stylus's side. Above Pinbacker's head, the metal arm replicated the motion of the stylus; the arm's tip glowed red. And, deep inside the captain's skull, the subcutaneous laser began to cut. ##### Pinbacker flatlined seconds after Searle severed his last pain receptor. All for the best, Searle thought, as he terminated the auto-doc program, closed down the holographic projection, put away the stylus. The man suffered enough. Had he survived the procedure, he would have lived the last three days of his life comfortably free of sensation, that was all. Therein lay the enforced obscurity of the Heller programming, the need for the override: to end Pinbacker's pain, Searle had damaged beyond repair the man's interface with physical sensation. The captain of the Icarus would have been paralyzed. He would never have felt anything ever again. Searle was feeling too much. Regret, yes. A degree of grief, even: their captain had been a decent and brave man, he and Searle had been shipmates for nearly two years, and the tragedy and strain of the last two days had been close to overwhelming. But, more immediately, Searle was feeling what Pinbacker, had he lived, couldn't: the dull but insistent ache of his broken arm. He took from the meds cabinet a white pill, swallowed it. Not to be confused with the pill he'd given Barring, no: what he took would focus on the pain, on further defanging the bite of his fracture's grating edges. Barring's pill, very likely, had gone straight for her consciousness. Which was fine: her healing body needed the sleep. Searle re-capped the pill bottle, shut the bottle behind the glass doors of the meds cabinet, and turned to go to the Earth Room. He stopped, shocked. His heart thumped up against the base of his throat. Pinbacker was sitting up on his cot. Rigor mortis could do that, Searle reminded himself. Corpses laid out flat on their backs had, on occasion, been known to bend at the waist: with the body no longer producing adenosine triphosphate, the muscles, including those in the abdomen and back, continued to contract, pulling the torso upright. Only the phenomenon normally took hours— Pinbacker turned to him and asked: \"What have you done to me, Tom?\" Searle stood mutely looking at the readouts on the biostats monitor. Seeing the alpine march of Pinbacker's heartbeat across the screen. Wondering which pill he had in fact taken, or how many pills in total. \"Captain—\" He had to fight not to stammer. \"How do you feel?\" It was a stupid question. A God-damned incompetent's question. Pinbacker's burned lips twisted into a smile. \"That's the thing, Tom: I don't feel anything at all.\" \"You shouldn't be able to move.\" He didn't mean to say it out loud. It was as if the meds spoke for him. That one white pill. \"Really—?\" Pinbacker replied. Searle stared in disbelief as the man swung his legs off the cot. Casually, Pinbacker pulled the IV needles from his forearms. He watched blood trickle across the raw flesh of his wrists and drip onto the floor. He held one of the needles carefully between the thumb and forefinger of his right hand and studied its gleaming bloodstained length. \"Might I have a glass of water?\" \"Of course.\" They were both in shock. Searle told himself that as he half-filled a plastic cup with water at the tap to the right of the equipment cabinet. He was also suddenly, acutely aware that, save for a blind woman who was likely drugged unconscious in the next room, he and Pinbacker were alone in Medical. As if he could hear Searle's thoughts, Pinbacker asked: \"How many of the crew survived?\" \"Nine.\" Searle handed him the water. Pinbacker watched his own fingers curl around the cup. \"And how many are on board now?\" He drank while he waited for Searle to reply. Searle said nothing. \"Ah,\" Pinbacker murmured. He looked thoughtfully at the cup. \"You see, I can remember being able to feel. I remember feeling . The sensations are still there.\" \"Like a phantom limb...\" \"A phantom limb: yes. Like my body is one big phantom limb.\" \"You should lie back down, Dan. You need to rest.\" \"I'll rest later. I need to show you something,\" Pinbacker said. \"There's something you need to understand—\" The frame of the cot creaked as he stood up. Searle felt as if he were trying to wake from a nightmare. That was it: he'd accidentally taken the same medicine he'd given Barring. He hadn't slept much in the last few days, and he was asleep and dreaming now. He was high on painkiller, talking to a dead man. If only the throbbing in his arm weren't so insistent. If only he couldn't feel the deck unsteady beneath his feet, the sweat beading and clammy on his forehead. \"What's that, Dan?\" \"It would be easier for me to show you. Come with me, Tom.\" Something in Pinbacker's tone— so easy and calm, so reasonable— was, drug-dream or no, frightening him. Searle edged toward the tray on which lay the hypo two-thirds full of Lethanol. He spoke as he moved, kept his voice even. \"You need to stay here, Dan. You're weak—\" \"I'm strong. Stronger than you think.\" Searle looked toward the tray, fumbling. When he turned back, hypo in hand, Pinbacker was right there. He shook his head. \"No, Tom.\" He held a scalpel. He gripped Searle by the wrist of the hand that held the hypo and jammed the blade of the scalpel into Searle's throat. ##### Barring was seated on the floor of the Earth Room half asleep— \"woozy\" having been something of an understatement on Searle's part— when the light program suddenly terminated. Darkness like crude oil flooded her eyes. From beyond the wall of the Earth Room came a choking, a gurgling. A clatter of metal on the hard deck. A thud. \"Doctor Searle—?\" Barring got up, and a wave of dizziness rose up to meet her. She had to wait, wait longer, before she could move without tipping. And then she one-quarter saw, three-quarters sensed— A shadow, very near. The smell of burned flesh filled her nostrils. Mere inches from her right ear, Captain Pinbacker's voice whispered: \"Are you an angel?\" Barring, terrified, whispered back: \"Yes.\" \"Then you know where I'm taking him.\" The shadow left her. From Medical came the sound of a body being dragged away, a grunting, a groan of shock or pain, the hiss of clothing against the deck. Heavy footsteps, growing distant. Barring waited, frozen in half-drugged fear, until the footsteps and the dragging sound were gone. Then she felt her way to the entrance to Medical. The toe of her right boot caught the edge of a fallen steel tray, sent it slithering away across the deck. Near the door, she slipped on something slick, almost fell. Her flailing right hand found the doorframe; there, she felt something sticky and warm. Blood. She couldn't see it, didn't dare to taste or smell it, and she knew what it was. Tears filled her useless eyes. She stepped out into the corridor on shaking legs. And there she realized she'd lost the count. She was too frightened, too numbed with meds, and she couldn't remember what Whitby had told her: the number of steps that would take her to the flight deck. ##### Pinbacker moved quickly, with an easy, unfeeling strength. He told Searle, as he dragged the dying man toward the payload, \"I want you to know what it feels like. I want you to understand why it has to end.\" No time at all, beyond the constraints of sensation, to walk the spindle-length of corridor, to cross young Doctor Capa's cathedral, to navigate the gantries and hallway leading to the forefront of the payload. He propelled Searle those final steps into the lounge, released him. Searle stumbled to his knees, folded forward, gasping, gagging on blood. Pinbacker continued to the window, tipped his forehead to the water-smooth glass, the coolness he couldn't feel. \"Now, we have to ask ourselves, Tom, we have to ask: has Akira altered the overrides—?\" He spoke as much to Searle as to the sun, the behemoth majesty seething nearly wall-wide before him, the blinding light filtered to ancient gold and arterial red through the computer-controlled tinting. Behind him, Searle found breath enough to say— ##### — Cassie—? Searle's voice, over the feed from the comm tags. A cracked and choked whisper. Cassie started, sat up straighter in the pilot's seat. \"Searle—?\" It sounded almost as if the interior feeds were failing again. \"Is something wrong?\" ##### Pinbacker turned away from the sun. \" Icarus ?\" Yes, Captain Pinbacker? He left Searle where he was, left the lounge. Just outside the door, he stopped. ##### — it's Pinbacker, Searle gasped. Cassie, he— ##### \"Window filter, forward lounge,\" Pinbacker said. \"Full sunlight, Icarus , if you please.\" ##### On the flight deck— — a scream. A most horrible scream. It crescendoed abruptly to a roar, died in a burst of static. Cassie sat bolt upright, her heart suddenly pounding. \"Doctor Searle?\" No reply from the feed. She went to the entrance to the flight deck, looked out into the corridor. Cassie . A different whisper from the feed. Help me . Barring. Cassie left the flight deck, ran for Medical. Barring was standing, her shoulder pressed to the bulkhead, not far from the entrance. She was feeling her way along the corridor. \"Ingrid—?\" Barring's expression was a mix of relief and terror. She reached blindly in the direction of Cassie's voice; Cassie caught her right hand. Recoiled. Barring's fingers were covered in blood. A dark figure, tall, male, was approaching, at a distance, from the direction of the payload. \"Searle—?\" Cassie called. \"No, Cassie, no. It's not Searle—\" Barring spoke desperately. \"It's Pinbacker. He—\" Cassie frowned. \"It can't be—\" The figure was moving toward them with purpose. In the dimness of the corridor, Cassie still couldn't see its face. \"Cassie—\" Barring pulled at her. \"Cassie, please—\" Too much shadow, still, but her instincts told Cassie what her eyes couldn't or wouldn't: something was wrong, very wrong, with the man coming their way. She took Barring by the wrist. \"Ingrid, run—!\" ##### She and Barring ran for the flight deck, got inside. Cassie closed and locked the hatch. Waited. Staring at the smoke-gray alloy of the door, her heart thudding against her sternum. \"Cassie.\" A man's voice. Pinbacker's voice. Not over her comm feed. Inches away, on the other side of the hatch. \"Cassie, open the door, please.\" Beside her, Barring was biting her lip, stifling a sob. \"No, sir,\" Cassie replied. She was shaking. \"Respectfully— Captain, you're not well—\" A pause. Silence. Something struck a ringing blow against far side of the hatch. Cassie jumped; Barring cried out. \"Lieutenant Cassidy,\" said Pinbacker, \"I'm ordering you to open this door—\" Another thunderous blow to the door. Almost as if someone were hitting it with a four-foot engine wrench. Cassie could swear she saw the hatch shift on its hinges, dent slightly inward. \"Cassie.\" Pinbacker's voice was quiet now, reasonable, practically gentle. \"I would like for you and Barring to join Doctor Searle in the forward lounge. I need you to understand something.\" Cassie asked, as evenly as she could: \"Understand what, sir?\" \"Why it has to end. Why it all has to end.\" ##### ##### #####[Chapter 4] A/N: Well, heck, this is turning into what this humble writer cryptically terms a character-building experience . Here, now, for your edification and amusement: action, cold temperatures, hot tempers, technobabble, gore, and dubious drug references. About covers it. At a guesstimate, this is the penultimate chapter, folks. The end is in sight. Thanks for reading! ##### ##### To the best of the ability of people who weren't shipwrights or structural engineers, the repairs to the Icarus' weakened hull were complete. Exhausted, Kaneda and his team returned to the aft airlock. Kaneda was the last one in. He unclipped and pulled off his plated gloves; he unsealed his suit at the sternum and backed into one of the assist stations. As the hooks lifted away his helmet and chest plate, he took a deep breath of air fresh by comparison to what he'd been breathing for the better part of a shift and said, wearily: \"Doctor Searle, we need you at the aft airlock, please.\" No response. \"Damn it,\" Mace said, already half-unsuited, from across the staging area. \"The feed from the comm tags might be down again,\" Trey offered. He was seated, panting, on one of the area's benches across from Kaneda, his space-armor off, his black bangs matted with sweat. Mace stepped clear of his suit and went to the wall comm. \" Icarus , where the hell is Doctor Searle?\" Doctor Searle is in the forward lounge, Mace. Whitby glanced over from where she was, hunkered down near Sullivan where he lay on the deck. She was working to get him out of his suit. \"Searle, you useless bastard,\" she muttered. Kaneda gave her a sharp look as he joined Mace at the wall comm. \"Searle, report immediately to the aft airlock.\" From the second assist station, waiting for the hooks and the hydraulic lifters to dismantle his suit, Capa was watching the entrance to the staging area, the passageway leading back toward the ship's main corridor. Anyone on the flight deck would have heard the chatter on the public feed. \"Mace, shouldn't Cassie be here?\" Mace rolled his eyes. \"Cassie, we're back inside. If you've got a minute, Capa needs help getting undressed.\" Again: no response. \"Cassie, respond, please.\" Behind him, Capa was struggling out of his suit like a man trying to extricate himself from a straitjacket that was half Sherman tank. \"Cassie—\" Capa was free. Out of the corner of his eye, Mace saw him stumble when he stepped onto the deck, his legs not yet readjusted to gravity, to movement without the suit's bulk and heft. His gray t-shirt was soaked with sweat, like everyone else's, front and back. He passed Mace and Kaneda and left the staging area, heading toward the flight deck. Kaneda took a towel from his suit locker, wiped his face. \" Icarus , why are Doctor Searle and Lieutenant Cassidy not responding?\" Doctor Searle is incapable of responding, Kaneda . \"Why, Icarus ?\" Doctor Searle's biofunctions terminated forty-eight minutes ago. The link between the ship's mainframe and the crew's comm tags was terminated manually thirty-five minutes ago. The communications link between the ship's mainframe and the flight deck was terminated manually thirty-four minutes ago. Shock jolted through the collective exhaustion in the staging area. Whitby joined Mace and Kaneda at the comm. \"Terminated by who, Icarus —?\" Unknown, Whitby . Mace looked toward the main corridor. Capa was long gone. \"Shit—\" He ran for the flight deck. Whitby, Kaneda, and Trey followed him. ##### Just as he reached the flight deck, Capa thought he saw a human figure step through the pockets of shadow in the corridor ahead. \"Searle—?\" he called. The figure paused. Capa couldn't see its face. Its head turned his way, and he could feel it watching him. Without replying, it turned away and continued forward along the corridor, toward the Oxygen Garden and Medical. Capa frowned. A shiver that he couldn't entirely attribute to the chill of evaporating sweat rippled up his spine. He turned to the entrance to the flight deck. To his surprise, the gangway was closed. The heavy alloy door was locked. Moreover, it was dented and smeared with blood. \"Cassie—?\" Adrenaline nearly punched the air from Capa's lungs. He pounded at the door. \"Cassie, are you in there—?\" From inside, muffled: \"Capa—?\" \"Cass, what's going—\" The door opened. Capa stepped aside as it swung back on its heavy hinges. Cassie pulled him inside, tugged the hatch closed after him, and recoded the lock. Barring was with her. Both of them looked terrified. \"He's alive,\" Cassie said. \"He's up. He's moving—\" \"Who's alive—?\" Cassie's dark eyes were brimming with tears. Capa cautiously touched her cheek; she tentatively touched his chest. She moved nearer, and, sweaty t-shirt or no, he put his arms around her. \"You're safe,\" she whispered. She held on to him tightly. \"Thank God, you're safe—\" Capa asked, more gently: \"Who's alive, Cass—?\" \"Pinbacker,\" Barring said. Her voice was flat. \"Searle is dead.\" A banging at the door. The three of them jumped. \"Capa, damn it—!\" Mace shouted from the other side. \"If you're in there, open up!\" The door opened to an announcement from a breathless Trey: \"Searle is dead.\" \"I already said that,\" Barring muttered. Cassie surveyed the newcomers. \"Where's Sullivan—?\" \"He's dead,\" Kaneda replied. \"Oh, my God— How—\" \"Suit fire,\" Mace replied, watching Capa re-close the door. \"Brainiac stood by and let him burn up.\" Capa flinched as he turned to rejoin the group; he wouldn't meet Mace's eyes. \"By Christ, Mace,\" Whitby growled, \"I will box your fucking ears.\" Mace opened his mouth to respond— \"Lieutenants. Both of you,\" Kaneda snapped. \"Ingrid, Cassie: Pinbacker is mobile?\" \"Yes.\" Barring spoke. \"He killed Searle; he left Medical with Searle's body— I think. He asked me if I was an angel; he said I would know where he was taking Searle. I—I didn't know what he meant—\" Mace stopped just short of a snort. \"What did he give you? Searle. Did he give you anything for your eyes—?\" \"Yes: he gave me something. Yes: I was afraid. I still am. You think that makes me delusional—?\" \"I never said—\" \"Fuck you, Mace.\" \"I heard him, too,\" Cassie said. \"He chased us here—\" Kaneda interrupted: \"You heard a voice through three inches of heavy alloy. Might it not have been Searle? There's a problem with the comm tags; perhaps Icarus misidentified—\" \"With all due respect, sir, I should know Captain Pinbacker's voice.\" Her tone was harsh enough to pre-empt argument. She looked at Kaneda expectantly. The others did, too. \"We need to find them,\" Kaneda said, finally. ##### Cassie and Barring remained on the flight deck, behind the re-locked door, guarding the helm. In Medical, Kaneda and the others found only scattered instruments, broken glass, and blood. Trey was the one to think to check the log on the auto-doc. He was also the first to comprehend what the Heller program meant for Pinbacker— and how it traversed the line between conventional and ethical medical procedure. \"The neurological damage is irreversible.\" He scowled as he read the transcript and medical coding scrolling up the monitor on Searle's desk. \"Basically, he's like someone on PCP. We hit him, he doesn't feel it. And his strength is amped about two hundred percent because he can't hear the limitational cues from his own body.\" \"PCP—?\" Whitby asked. \"Animal tranquilizer,\" Trey said. \"Has the opposite effect on humans. Popular in the late twentieth, early twenty-first century.\" Mace leaned in for a closer look at the log. \"And you know that how, Trey?\" \"I was a hacker in a former life. We have an intimate working knowledge of stimulants.\" \"If he is mobile, and if he is mentally unstable, why not just lock us out?\" Kaneda asked. \"He might have sealed the airlock and simply waited for us to run out of oh-two.\" \"Maybe he's still at the planning stage,\" Mace offered. \"Maybe he doesn't quite have his shit together.\" \"He's always been one to preserve his human resources,\" Whitby said, softly. \"Meaning—?\" Trey asked. \"He's a compassionate man. On top of that, he's a pragmatic leader. There's a cost to losing qualified personnel. Whatever his goal is, he might be trying to achieve it with a minimum of casualties.\" \"That makes no damn sense,\" Mace said. \"He's basically a walking corpse,\" Capa countered. \"He's just been subjected to what amounts to experimental neurosurgery. His judgment is very likely impaired.\" \"Impaired judgment. So speaks Doctor Asperger.\" \"Shut up, Mace,\" Whitby said, wearily. \"Maybe he's afraid to attack us in a group,\" Trey offered. Whitby shook her head at him. \"He's not afraid of us. He's planning something.\" \"What?\" Mace asked her. \"When I can read his fucking mind, I'll let you know, won't I—?\" \"He killed Kirbuk,\" Kaneda said. He waited through the long moment of stunned silence that followed. \"He's capable of, and willing to commit, murder.\" \"Not willing,\" Whitby said. \"I won't believe that.\" Kaneda looked at her coldly. \"Consider yourselves warned: the man is dangerous.\" To her, and to the others, he announced: \"We'll split into teams; we'll find him and Searle.\" ##### Kaneda and Capa were to move forward; Whitby and Mace were heading from midships aft. They armed themselves with tools from midships storage. Mace and Kaneda took meter-long hooked pry bars. Whitby had an EVA grappling hook and her boot knife. Capa looked uncertainly at the two-foot-long crescent wrench in his hands. \"What do we do with Captain— with Pinbacker, once we find him?\" he asked. \"Ask him to to submit to chemical and-or physical restraints in Medical,\" Kaneda replied. \"And if he refuses—?\" \"You hit him before he hits you,\" Mace said. \"You hit him, and you keep hitting him, until he goes down and stays down.\" He looked to Kaneda. \"Right—?\" Kaneda frowned. \"Right.\" He turned to Trey. \"See if you can get our internal comms restored, Trey.\" \"From Comms or from the flight deck?\" \"Coward,\" Mace said. \"Yes, I am.\" \"From the flight deck,\" Kaneda said. \"Thank you, sir.\" Trey glared at the wall behind Mace; without another word, he went to join Cassie and Barring. ##### Through forward storage, the forward airlock: nothing. Kaneda and Capa entered the payload via the public gangway. They found blood on the floor of the entryway, on deck of the electric lift, splashed in sticky drops along the catwalk leading back to the forward lounge. The silence of the great gray space seemed that much heavier, pressed in on Capa almost like the blackness beyond the bulkheads, against the counter-pounding of his heart. He could hear himself breathing almost as if he were still in his EVA suit, even as the space around them swallowed the sound of his footsteps and Kaneda's. They entered the hallway running parallel to the forward lounge. To the wall ahead of them, angled back from the lounge doorway, a wedge of white glare had branded itself. Bits of ash floated between the light and the surrounding shadow. Capa suddenly found himself fighting an urge to gag. \"What's that smell—?\" Kaneda went to the wall comm to the left of the lounge entrance. \" Icarus , window at forward lounge: filter to, and lock filter at, sixty percent.\" Yes, Kaneda. The light from the lounge dimmed. The triangle-shaped brand remained, smoldering, on the wall. Kaneda looked cautiously into the lounge. Capa joined him. The air was thick with ash and smoke, the smell of burned carpeting and plastic. And something else, like badly charred meat. Before the wall-wide window, the dimmed red-black fury of the sun, lay the burned remains of a human body. Capa, staring, took a step forward. The sole of his tennis shoe sizzled on the deck. Kaneda pulled him back. \"Searle,\" he said. Before Capa could react, a man's voice said, from no more than ten feet away: \"It was all he ever wanted, wasn't it—?\" Kaneda brought his pry bar to chest level, placed himself between Capa and his former captain. Who continued, quietly, as he advanced: \"— to know what it felt like to be consumed by the flame—?\" Like magic, a trick of the smoke or the light. Capa couldn't see where Pinbacker might have hidden himself. He seemed to manifest from the shadow at the end of the hall. \"Are you so afraid, Akira?\" Pinbacker nodded toward the pry bar. He approached them casually. Kaneda and Capa backed away. \"Were you planning to fight me with that? It's too clumsy to be an efficient weapon, and you know it.\" \"Come along peacefully, Daniel, and there will be no need to fight.\" \"Very well. A dying man should know when he's beaten.\" He followed them out onto the catwalk, and the three of them began the long trek back to the payload entrance. Captors and captive kept their distance. When they reached the junction where the catwalk split toward the control room and the public gangway, Capa was possibly fifteen feet farther ahead of the other two. At the widening of the juncture, Kaneda, tired of walking backward, possibly lulled by the placidity of his charge, maybe out of simple weariness, stepped aside to let Pinbacker pass. Capa, glancing back at them, saw something glint in Pinbacker's right hand. \"Kaneda, look out—\" For the rest of his life, he would wonder whether he would have been wiser not to shout when he did. Kaneda was only slightly startled, if at all, but it was enough. He brought the pry bar around in a block a second too late. With the scalpel he held in his right hand (Capa could have sworn the man was holding nothing when they left the hallway to the forward lounge— a most horrible thought, and one coming far too late now: he'd had the scalpel concealed beneath the skin of his forearm ), Pinbacker punched him, a quick series of blows, one, two, three, to both sides of his neck and the base of his throat. Both arteries and the trachea. With his left arm, he knocked the bar aside when Kaneda swung it. Capa thought he heard a crunch of bone. Pinbacker barely flinched. \"You should have brought a knife, Akira.\" It took only seconds. Blood was spurting from Kaneda's neck. He windmilled the pry bar, swung the razor-wedge hooked end at Pinbacker's gut. Pinbacker sidestepped. He caught Kaneda from behind, by the shoulders, and slammed his chin into the upper bar of the guard rail. A grisly crack. Kaneda crumpled to the catwalk. \"It's still my command, First Officer Kaneda,\" Pinbacker said. He picked up the pry bar, straightened, and looked toward Capa. Who in that second regained his mobility. Whose body at that moment chose poorly between \"fight\" and \"flight\" and decided to charge the burned monster on the catwalk, that engine wrench swung back shoulder-high like a claymore or a baseball bat. Pinbacker punched him in the stomach with the blunt end of the pry bar. He brought the hooked end around and down and pulled Capa's feet out from under him. Capa went sprawling. The wrench left his hands and spun off into the air past the railing of the catwalk. The back of his head hit the guard rail; stars sparked behind his eyes. He heard a distant clatter as the wrench landed in the payload. ##### She was too newly blind, and far too bitter a pragmatist, to believe any nonsense about loss of sight sharpening one's other senses, but Barring, stationed near the wall comm on the flight deck, could swear her left leg was now longer than her right. \"Are we listing—?\" she asked. Before Cassie could respond, Trey called from the comms station on the upper deck: \"Cassie, I've got a bank of black screens here.\" As he spoke, the U-bank of monitors around the cockpit went blank. Cassie for a moment stared at the screens, feeling as blind as Barring. In her right hand, the ship's joystick suddenly locked in place. \"Going to emergency power,\" she heard herself say. Her hands uncovered and flipped switches. \"Autopilot is down. Losing pitch and yaw. Switching to manual.\" Two joysticks, bolted in place by hand. Two pedals, swung out and locked. Rudimentary assistance from hydraulics and from the ship's low-level navigational system. A combination of not inconsiderable physical effort to follow, if she was to control the ship. That, and skill, and a certain amount of prayer. \" Icarus , inform Captain Kaneda— damn it. Trey, do we have an auxiliary feed? Can we call out—?\" \"Yes.\" \"Barring: inform Captain Kaneda that we're losing primary systems. Helm and communications are failing—\" Trey descended from the upper level, went to navigation. \"Top-level navs are down, too. Bringing up feeds from base-level sensors—\" He paused, sniffing, frowning. \"Is it just me, or is the air going stale—?\" He looked, as Cassie did, to see the row of red lights at life support. Trey left navs, went for a closer look. \"We're losing atmosphere,\" he said. \"Oxygen is venting from the garden directly into space.\" \"Barring,\" Cassie said, \"inform the crew at large: core mainframe shutdown. Repeat: we are experiencing a core mainframe shutdown.\" ##### \"Jesus,\" Whitby whispered. \"How'd he do it—?\" She and Mace had searched the Oxygen Garden and the physicists' office. They'd checked midships storage, stopped again in Medical and the Earth Room. Now they found the ship's mainframe hanging like a crucified man a meter above its tank of coolant. On cue, Barring's voice spoke from the wall comm: To all crew: we are experiencing a core mainframe shutdown. Repeat: we are experiencing— The comm went dead. Whitby found she was holding her breath. Or she thought she was: the air was growing heavy. Her lungs were working harder to draw it in, push it out. She stood beside Mace, both of them watching the coolant drip from the exposed mainframe. \"Fuck,\" Mace said. \"Fucking bastard.\" He stepped onto the ladder leading to the gantry above the coolant, started to climb. Whitby started, moved, grabbed him. \"What the hell are you doing?\" \"We have to get it submersed.\" \"Without a suit? Are you insane, Stephen—?\" She held onto him, back of shirt, muscled upper arm, until he came back down. \"If it's been high and dry for more than five minutes— and it obviously has— the fucker's cooked.\" \"Then we have to swap it out.\" \"Yeah, we do. With the proper equipment. In suits.\" By chance or intention, the safe containing the spare parts for the mainframe stood unbreached at the rear of the parts locker. Perhaps Pinbacker hadn't had time to crack the passcode, known only to Mace and Cho; perhaps, in his madness, he'd overlooked the safe entirely. When Whitby found the environmental suits intended for work in the coolant tank, she knew how clearly he'd been thinking. Up the arms and legs, across the chests and backs, the suits, all four of them, had been slashed through. \"Looks like it's gonna get cold,\" Mace said. He took the second-best suit for himself, offered to Whitby the one that looked least damaged. \"Gloves and goggles.\" Whitby zipped herself up. \"At least he didn't get those.\" \"What do you think? Ninety-second shifts?\" \"Yeah. You can't take it, you tell me. I've got more cold-water experience than you.\" Mace checked his tool belt. \"Thought you were going to tell me you've got more body fat than I do.\" \"The only one on board who has less body fat than you, Stephen, is Capa, and the boy's a bloody skeleton.\" Mace looked at her, met her eyes. Looked as though he might reply. Then he took her by the jaw and kissed her, open-mouthed. Whitby kissed him back, stunned but not too stunned to respond, her hands going to his sides. \"While I can still feel my lips,\" Mace said, when they parted. \"Likewise. Don't bend the pins,\" Whitby added. Mace climbed the ladder to the gantry, and she handed him up the first of the parts they would need to swap out. She was shaking. She hoped he couldn't tell. ##### A gift from the ship's designers: replacing the mainframe was a relatively simple process, as far as computer repairs went: Unbolting the frame holding the damaged components. Detaching the data couplers without damaging the pin slots. Swapping in new frames, new couplers, without damaging any of ten dozen wire-thin pins, said pins being a seemingly undying holdover from the data cables of the first PCs, a century back. Then waiting to see if the new equipment and the old system would be on speaking terms. Icarus had her own secretive procedures in case of emergency: at the moment of catastrophic system failure, she locked away her core functions in localized redundancies as best she could. Getting her to trust her replaced components was the trick. Not unlike a body accepting or rejecting a new organ, or an amputee doubting the strength of a prosthetic. A simple process up to that hold-your-breath waiting point, yes, with the proper equipment. At their most-intact best, the worksuits were intended for full immersion lasting no more than ten minutes. Human flesh could withstand exposure of no more than thirty seconds before hypothermia began to set in. Much to Mace and Whitby's credit, the repairs took a mere sixteen minutes. Five ninety-second exposures to the coolant apiece. ##### He was stronger than she was. Simple fact. He dragged her from the coolant when she couldn't find the strength to drag herself. She lay beside him on the gantry, both their bodies spasming with cold. Pain shook from her lower spine on out. She could feel the ice encrusting her face. \"Look—\" Mace panted. Whitby heard a crackling as she turned her head. To their left and down, lights were flickering from red to yellow to green on the mainframe monitoring panel. They'd done it. The bastard was fixed. Now she and Mace could have a rest. A well-earned pause. Just a minute or so, even thirty seconds, eyes closed— \"No. Fuck—\" This was how it happened. Freezing to death. First chill, then stupor, then the letting go, as someone— who was it? Some bloody American, some monosyllabic bloody spinster, decades ago— once said. Great pain and formal feelings— Whitby forced herself to sit up. The ice pulled her back; she felt the suit rip from her shoulders, a snapping of icicles from her hair, from her joints. \"St-stephen, c-come on—\" He didn't respond. He was looking up at the shadows on the ceiling. In the light from the coolant tank, his eyes were a perfect sapphire blue. Whitby couldn't see his chest moving. Despite the chill of the air and his body, she couldn't see his breath. \"You bastard. You great— No. No —\" She slapped him, hard. She bunched the fingers of her frozen right hand into a fist and punched him in the jaw. \"Wha-\" Mace coughed, shuddered, glared at her. \"What the f-fuck—\" \"I said come on .\" She dragged herself to the ladder, climbed halfway down, fell the rest of the way. She pulled Mace down after her. \"You stand, Mace. You stand up. I can't carry you the whole way—\" They had maybe two and a half legs between them. The coolant on their skin was still doing its work: the frost was still spreading down, deeper, into their muscles. Whitby pulled Mace as he pulled her, toward the door to the mainframe room. On the far side, she stopped, and, by necessity, he did, too. Together they shut the hatch; with impossibly shaking fingers, Whitby entered a lock code. \"I-if you forget,\" she stammered, \"it's my last wreck. The c-coordinates. Richie'll know.\" \"G-got it.\" They passed the flight deck without calling for help. They reached the showers at a crawl. Those extra percentage points of body fat, that extra experience in the hell of cold water: Whitby dragged herself and Mace into a stall, reached up, twisted the tap handle. She held him; she rubbed his shoulders and torso as the water rinsed away the coolant. He did the same for her. They were still shaking too hard to stand. \"I'll give you a proper warm-up later, Mace, I swear I will—\" \"I— I might hold you to that.\" \"You'd better.\" Mace staggered to his feet, offered her a hand up. Whitby took it. They stood a minute longer in the spray, still shivering, still exhausted, but no longer dying. \"Let's check in at the flight deck,\" he said. ##### A slow quiet chiming. A ringing of metal on metal, an echo of same. \"Do you know what our mission is, Robert?\" Pinbacker asked softly. Capa opened his eyes. He was lying on his back on the catwalk. He'd blacked out for seconds, maybe. It couldn't have been more than that. Two meters from the soles of his shoes, Pinbacker was settled, relaxed, on his haunches. He had the pry bar in his right hand, and he was tapping the blunt end absently against the guard rail; the bell-like echo drifted off into the payload. \"To restabilize the atomic reaction that powers the sun.\" Capa pulled himself up until he was half-sitting. Beyond that point lay dizziness. \"To save the world.\" \"You're thinking of your own life,\" Pinbacker said. \"Your career and research. Possibly the family you'd have with Lieutenant Cassidy. You have to look further than that.\" \"What could there be beyond saving all life on Earth?\" \"The end of suffering, for humanity and all living things, everywhere.\" Capa slowly drew away. \"Who told you this, sir—?\" \"God. It must have been— He's shown me: it starts with me. I'm dying, but He's taken away my pain.\" He unfolded his legs, stood. For a moment, he looked away; he closed his eyes, drew a deep, slow breath, sighed it out into the stillness. \"Angels came for me. Golden angels of the sun—\" Cautiously, Capa got to his knees, braced himself to rise. \"That was Kaneda and Whitby and Mace, sir.\" \"Of course.\" Pinbacker opened his eyes. \"In the end, Robert— I'm sorry: this is difficult. I've come to think of you almost as a son. What I'm trying to say is this: your services, for purposes of this mission, are no longer required.\" He moved too quickly. For his size, for the awful damage to his body. He swung the pry bar up, brought the hooked end slashing down toward Capa's chest. Capa rolled off the catwalk. Caught the sharp metal edge with his fingertips— thought, in a second: roughly a six-meter drop; legs: relax, relax, Jesus, relax the knees -— let go, and fell. A shock, ribs compressing lungs, as he hit the deck of the payload. A sharp twinge of pain from his left ankle. The inner door of the payload control room was at a diagonal from where he was, maybe thirty meters away. From the catwalk, straight on, a turn to the right, and then down the stairs, it was roughly fifty. Capa rolled to his feet and ran for the door. From behind and and above him, he heard the sound of running footsteps on the catwalk. Then nothing, then a grunt of landing, and then the footsteps were running directly behind him. ##### He reached the door to the control room. Coded the lock. Opened the door, slipped inside, shut it. Five digits in to the eight-digit code, the pry bar rang against the door's far side. Capa thought he saw the door itself buck on its hinges. He punched in the last three digits and crossed the control room to the door leading back to the ship. Another blow to the far side of the inner door. Capa got himself back aboard the Icarus . He locked the control room's shipside door, and he ran for the flight deck without looking back. ##### \"You goddamn coward,\" Mace said. He and Whitby were soaking wet and shivering and nearly as stoked on adrenaline as Capa was. They'd saved the ship from mainframe failure; they'd nearly frozen themselves in the process; and Cassie and Barring and Trey were hanging back, regarding them with a sort of fear-tinged awe. \"I tried to hit him,\" Capa said. He was still catching his breath. \"He was too fast—\" \"You left Kaneda to die.\" \"He was dead already.\" \"You just stood there and let Pinbacker kill him.\" \"Like you care.\" Mace hooked his right fist at Capa's jaw. Capa sidestepped it. He caught Mace's wrist, bent his arm up behind his back, and shoved him face-first into the nearest bulkhead. Mace twisted in his grip, snarling in surprise and pain— \"I'll break it,\" Capa hissed at him, wrenching his arm. \"I've had enough. I'll fucking break it—\" \"I'll kill you. You fucking bastard—\" No one moved to intervene. \"We really don't have time for this, Mace,\" Trey said. \"Later. You can kill Capa— hell, you can kill me — later. Just wait until we do what we came to do.\" \"I'll do that. I'll kill him. Don't think I won't.\" But Mace's expression was less filled with anger, his body less tense. \"Are you boys quite finished?\" Whitby asked. Capa looked at her, looked back at Mace, held on. \"Let him go, Robert,\" Cassie said quietly. \"Mace, don't you touch him.\" Capa released him. Mace rubbed his twisted arm. They took a mutual, wary step away from each other. \"So,\" Whitby said, \"what's on our to-do list...?\" \"Finish routing primary functions back to the mainframe.\" Mace cleared the last of the snarl from his throat, looked to Trey. \"Can you do it?\" \"I don't know.\" \"That's not the answer we need, Trey.\" Barring spoke: \"I can help.\" \"You can't even see,\" Mace said. \"Really, Mace? I hadn't noticed.\" \"Help how?\" Capa asked. \"Base-level language. You get stuck, Trey, you read the code to me. Read it. We can work through it together. I need something to take my mind off how scared I am. We get in behind the higher-level programming. Come up through the subsystems. You should know this, Trey—\" \"The system watching for attacks from the front, not from behind.\" \"Yes. Exactly.\" Trey shrugged. For Barring's benefit, he added: \"That sounds doable.\" Mace nodded. \"Okay. Helm, life support, and comms. In that order.\" He looked to Capa: \"Can Pinbacker hack the payload from the control room?\" \"No. The payload is on its own mainframe. Functions are currently routed to the flight deck.\" \"Can he otherwise damage the payload from inside?\" Mace asked, tightly. \"No. Even if he had weeks, it would take more explosives, and far heavier equipment, than we have on board.\" \"Alright: third question.\" Mace folded his arms against his chest. \"If we can't restore computer-assisted navigation, can we make the launch?\" \"I'd be working from raw sensor data,\" Trey said. He turned to Capa and Cassie. \"Once I fed you the coordinates, it would be up to you two.\" \"We could do it.\" Capa looked at Cassie. \"We're quite capable of coordinating our efforts.\" He touched her with the calm light of his eyes. He was no longer afraid. A blush edged up Cassie's cheeks; she smiled for him, just a trace. \"Yes, we are.\" \"Fine.\" To her and Capa, Barring and Trey, Mace said: \"Lock yourselves in.\" \"What about you?\" Cassie asked. \"Obvious, isn't it—?\" Whitby replied. She looked from Cassie to Mace. \"We're going to find Pinbacker.\" ##### He was heading back to check the security of the mainframe room and the engines. She was going forward to see whether Pinbacker had, in fact, left the payload. \"The mainframe,\" Mace said, before he and Whitby split up. \"Comms, helm, life support. Three primary functions.\" \"It's a level-three drill.\" \"He's testing us.\" \"Or is he—? What's he really up to?\" \"If I find him, I'm not going to ask. Are you?\" \"He wouldn't expect us to. Stay sharp, Stephen.\" \"You, too.\" ##### The irony: here they were, playing barge-boat to a bomb whose blast could destroy a dozen Jupiters, and they hadn't a single traditional weapon on board. No firearms, not even stun guns. Normally, Whitby appreciated the wisdom of the mission psychologists in not adding lethal gadgets to an already potentially deadly mix of tension, irritability, and months of tedium, especially in a pressurized environment. She was, in any case, and despite her military background, no great fan of guns. Still, now, checking the ship's darker corners as she moved forward toward the payload, armed with a knife and a clumsy metal bar, chilled and wet and long overdue for food and sleep, she was sensing the limitations of her offensive capabilities. The door to the payload control room was locked and undamaged. The public gangway stood open. She stepped inside. Nothing moved. The great gray silence of the solar bomb was as cool as the interior of a cloud. She turned to leave. There was a bloody handprint on the inner side of the door frame. She paused, listening, then stepped through the gangway, back into the corridor of the ship. Ten meters ahead, she saw that the light for the lock of the door to the forward storage hold, which had been glowing green when she passed by a minute or so ago, was now red. She turned her knife in her hand so that the ball of her thumb was pressed to the butt of the steel handle. A close-combat grip, one suited to quick slashing. She sensed rather than saw the movement behind her. So quick. Half a breath. A lacuna in her left-side peripheral. A punch to her gut. The pry bar slipped from the fingers of her left hand, fell with a heavy clang to the deck. Pinbacker's right hand was over hers. The blade of her knife was buried in her midriff. He had his free arm, his left arm, around her. He was holding her close. Whitby felt more shock than pain, more betrayal than shock— \"You thought we might have had a future together, didn't you? I thought we might, too.\" His voice was a dry murmur. The strength left Whitby's legs. Her torso shifted in Pinbacker's arms as she slumped, and the twist of the blade brought tears to her eyes. \"But not in this life, Loinnir.\" He rested his cheek against her hair, whispered in her right ear: \"I'm sorry.\" She tried to formulate an attack. Mustered her energy. Boot heel to instep, back of skull to chin or jaw, left hand clawing at cheek or neck or ear. He held her, patiently. Waited for her to admit, silent but for her ragged breathing, what he must have known the second the steel pierced her skin: she was so very fucking tired, so very mortally hurt, and she hadn't the fortitude. When she dropped to her knees, he went to the floor with her, still holding her. \"Don't fight it, love,\" he said, gently. Easy to obey. Easier than it had ever been. She was exhausted. She heard the blade of her knife ring like silver on the deck, and she was looking inward. Seeing him a year ago, maybe more. Lieutenant Whitby, could you join me in the forward lounge, please—? The warmth in his eyes as he turned from the wall-wide window to look at her— ##### Pinbacker waited until she went still. He took her back to the payload and cut the comm tags from around her neck. Then he returned to the forward hold. He still had much to do. The crew was not the mission. The ship was not the mission. The payload was the mission. He had great faith in his people. As long as the payload was intact, they would find a way to succeed. ##### As long as the payload was intact. ##### ##### #####[Chapter 5] A/N: Well, this is it. The last this dirty rat— heh!— has to say on the subject of Binary . Brace yourselves: this is one big, brutal blowout of an ending. As always-always, thank you for stopping by. And, please, feel free to comment. I do appreciate it! ##### ##### He found no sign of Pinbacker in the engine room, in engineering, in the aft storage hold. The door to the mainframe room was untouched, still locked. Mace pounded on the flight-deck door, stood flexing the fresh bruises from his hands after Capa let him in. He knew the answer before he asked; he asked anyway: \"Has Whitby checked in?\" \"No,\" Trey said. \"What's our status?\" \"Helm is responding. Autopilot is available. Full navigational links between the helm and the mainframe are nearly restored. Life support corrected itself after the reboot—\" \"We're still working on comms, Mace.\" Barring took over when the update reached her area of specialty. \"We're close to rudimentary person-to-person within the ship. Beyond the bulkheads, it's still suit-to-suit only. No word from Icarus . Funny thing: I spent most of the voyage out wishing the creepy bitch would shut up, and now—\" Mace asked Capa: \"Where are we with the payload?\" \"Cassie put us on final approach five minutes ago—\" Mace hadn't even realized it. He frowned, tension and weariness snuffing out any hope he might have felt. \"The repairs held—\" \"Yes, they did.\" \"So—\" \"We should be in position within an hour.\" Years of training, of planning. Sixteen long months in space. It all came down to this: the gut-twisting sense that time was running out. Not only because of narrowly avoided hypothermia spiked liberally with adrenaline, no: Mace found himself shaking. \"Don't wait for me or Whitby.\" He had to tighten his jaw muscles to keep his voice steady. \"If you're good to go, make the launch.\" \"Don't worry, Mace.\" Capa's brushy brows flicked together over his inhumanly clear eyes. He hesitated, then reached out and laid his right hand palm-down on Mace's shoulder. \"You should eat something before you go.\" Sometimes his flat affect could be chilling. Now, it seemed strangely reassuring. \"I will later,\" Mace said. He went to the door. \"Capa—\" Capa, back at his station, the launch panel to his right, looked Mace's way. \"— good luck,\" Mace finished. Capa met his eyes, nodded. Mace left. The flight-deck door closed with a metallic thunk behind him; the lock clicked. He headed forward. ##### He found Whitby's knife, the matte-black blade sticky with blood, on the deck outside the forward hold. But no sign of Whitby herself. No sign of Pinbacker, either. The door to the hold was half-open. Mace listened, entered. No motion, no sudden attack. He was alone. Inside, he made a quick inventory. As one of the mission's mechanics and all-around go-to handypeople, he had a practical working knowledge of the mission's parts and supplies. He ignored the foodstuffs, the textiles, the bulk equipment and everyday tools. He noted almost immediately the slot meant to hold an EVA multi-tool, a combination drill and chemical torch more robust than the equipment built into the suits. On a sudden hunch, he went to check the rack that should have held the forward storage area's complement of explosive bolts, the charges that flanked the ship's emergency and airlock doors. The rack was empty. Mace guessed that if he were to trek aft and look, he'd find the bolt racks in the ship's other holds empty as well. Pinbacker was building a bomb of his own. The question became: where was he planning to detonate it? If he meant to damage the ship's engines, he would have been working out of the aft hold; Mace, moving forward, earlier, through Engineering, would have seen him. If he meant to damage the ship itself catastrophically, he would need time and more than a handful of explosive bolts if he intended to hit anything other than secondary systems: the helm assembly, for instance, was more than a single man-hour away, even with a fast drill; and, again, Mace would have spotted him. As for the payload itself, Mace had to believe Capa when he said they didn't have enough explosive on board to shock the bomb from the inside. Pinbacker would know that, too. He left the hold, looked back toward the ship proper, looked ahead toward the payload. The first of a pair of options presented itself when he saw something wet and glistening on the waffled decking ahead. Practically as black as engine grease in the gloom. Blood . He'd taken a handful of steps toward the payload when option two announced itself: a hissing from the staging area outside the forward airlock. Mace turned toward the sound. The forward staging area held but two suit lockers. One was empty. The other was open. The hissing was coming from the air tanks on the remaining suit. He moved automatically, quickly, back to the hold, took an EVA repair kit from the rack inside the door. He returned to the staging area, went to the second suit locker. Something crunched beneath the sole of his right boot. Mace looked down and saw a pair of comm tags, crushed to pieces on the deck. Whitby . He thought, as his hands, working machine-like on their own, slapped the catalyst and binding halves of two squares of Handi-Patch onto the punctures in the suit's air tanks, He wouldn't. Jesus God, even insane he wouldn't. He wouldn't throw her outside without a suit— The hissing stopped. Mace keyed in the diagnostic code for the suit. Tank one was empty. Tank two had lucked itself into a slower leak: it still held forty-eight minutes' worth of air. Mace took the remaining squares of Handi-Patch from the repair kit and stuffed them into the suit's leg pockets. In the hold, he found himself an EVA tool kit. To it, he added a grappling gun and four punch-through explosive-tipped grappling darts, each with a hundred-meter spool of thin, high-tensile cable. He suited up and left the ship. ##### Icarus came back online as herself— after sharing close quarters with that vocal interface for more than a year, none of the crew could think of her as anything other than that— with a series of voice tests. Monroe-Veidt Mark Six User Interface: Project Icarus, repeated again and again, a dozen times or more, a cascade of variations in speed and pitch, until she seemed satisfied that she was again herself; she expressed said anthropomorphized satisfaction by announcing, over the comm tags and the flight deck's wall speakers: Vocal interface with mainframe restored. Capa stopped short of saying, \"Welcome back.\" He said: \" Icarus, not including Kaneda, Sullivan, or Searle, identify crewmembers presently on board.\" Barring. Capa. Cassidy. Trey. \"That's just the flight deck,\" Trey said. \" Icarus, locate Pinbacker and Whitby.\" Pinbacker and Whitby are not within current communications range, Trey. Cassie looked over from the cockpit. \"Maybe the interface between the mainframe and our internal sensors is still tweaky.\" \"No,\" Barring said. Her tone was decidedly more lifeless than Icarus' . \"Whitby is dead. We all know that. Pinbacker killed her.\" \"Maybe. Icarus still would have picked up the readings from her tags. She could be in the payload.\" Capa said, before anyone else could point out who else had been overlooked in the census: \" Icarus , get me through to Mace—\" Mace is not within current communications range, Capa. Cassie realized first: \"He's outside.\" From the upper deck, Trey wondered: \"What the hell is he doing out there—?\" \"The engines,\" Capa heard himself say. \"The boosters on the payload—\" Alarm seeped like fine cold dust into his bones. He knew— he'd known for most of his life— that he saw things too often on a quantum scale. In contrast, a captain's job was to see a mission from the smallest detail on out. Mace, by extension, as one of the ship's mechanics, had a comparable view of the mission as a whole. \"Pinbacker wasn't planning on damaging the payload from inside. He's going to sabotage it from the outside in .\" ##### In the silence of the bomb, Whitby woke up. She'd been lying in a regular stew of unconsciousness: reams of shock, gouts of blood loss, ragged chunks of dying, maybe even a peppering of sleep. She hadn't slept in over a day; she hadn't eaten anything when they'd come in from repairing the hull. She'd taken but a sip of water in the aft staging area. She'd been half-frozen, then half-thawed, and she'd been stabbed. With her own fucking knife, yet, but that, for now, was beside the point. She was bleeding heavily, and, judging by the size of the pool of blood in which she lay, had been for twenty to thirty minutes. She was nauseous and near to catatonia, and her grip on consciousness was tenuous. She tried to stand, slipped in her own gore, and fell again. Knocked the wind from her lungs and almost passed out. She lay curled on her right side and breathed as deeply as she could. Got as much air to her muscles and brain as possible, tried to ignore the burn-and-seep centered in her midriff. She propped herself on her elbows and began to drag herself toward the gangway. ##### Mace was outside, tired and twitchy, trying to think as a mechanic as well as a captain and a madman. He was facing the back of the solar shield, the payload, moving forward on thruster-power. He was getting nothing in the way of feedback from the flight deck, of course; Icarus was still hiding her scanner feeds and three-dimensional schematics deep in her rebooting guts. Within the limited visual field of his helmet slit, he swept his eyes over Capa's massive cube of a bomb and its sheltering parabola and thought of the mission's core planning, the specifics, the blueprints, the all-and-all that Pinbacker would know. He looked, and he thought: the boosters . Four of them on the payload's near side, roughly twenty meters in diameter and thirty meters deep, each large enough to hold a good-sized two-story building. Armed with that EVA multi-tool, Pinbacker might access the fuel-line assembly within one of them. Or, in reality, several of them. But they were near to launch, and time was running down. If he could choose only one to sabotage, which one would it be—? Lower left, Mace told himself. Engine One. Each booster had its own supply of solid fuel; the lower-left booster was nearest the payload's shared store of catalytical gaseous fuel. If Pinbacker could damage the fuel lines, he might set the booster off out of sequence: the bomb would then careen away from the sun or skitter across the surface, breaking up as it went. Especially if the gas near in proximity to Engine One ignited unchecked and blew back through the inter-engine conduits, weakening the payload housing. Mace angled his thrusters for Engine One. The opening of the booster cowl was a maw of palpable blackness. Hoping, if anything, to keep surprise on his side, he hadn't wanted to use his suit-light; he really didn't have a choice. He switched it on. The beam sliced ahead, far ahead. And struck dim glare off the golden back of an EVA suit. Pinbacker was working at the access panel at the mouth of the engine's inner exhaust port, right where Mace had guessed he would be. He had neither the time nor, at this point, the temperament for subtlety. Mace launched himself down the interior of the cowl. When he was halfway into the booster, rationality kicked in, teamed itself with his powers of observation. The light from his suit was moving across the suited figure ahead of him. The figure itself was absolutely still. Moreover, it had no worklight of its own. No time to stop. And instinct told him he shouldn't. Mace overshot the figure in the suit— it was Sullivan, he realized, dead, burned, and now posed as a decoy— and shouldered hard into the curve of the booster wall. He turned to see a second suited figure flying his way. Pinbacker collided with him, grabbed him by the arm and spun him around, and Mace felt a hard tug in the vicinity of his nape as the man threw his emergency helmet release. A whistle of escaping air, a Vegas strip of warning lights bursting to life around his head. Mace held his helmet in place with one gloved hand, kicked away from Pinbacker, and did something that certainly wasn't in the user's manual for his EVA suit: he fired his boosters directly at the floor of the cowl. He shot upward like a missile. He hit the ceiling headfirst: the armor of his suit absorbed the impact; the lights winked out as his helmet re-sealed. And for a second Pinbacker was off his guard. Mace went for him as Pinbacker did what the need to move without being seen had prevented him from doing minutes ago: he fired up the chemical torch on the heavy-duty multi-tool he'd taken from the forward hold and thrust the blue-hot tip toward the chest-plate ops panel on Mace's suit. Mace grabbed for the multi-tool; Pinbacker grabbed for his grabbing. As the torch beam etched a jagged molten line across the interior of the booster cowl, Mace freed his left hand, flipped the power switch for the mini-torch built into his EVA suit, and jammed the live tip against the torso of Pinbacker's suit. They were drifting, the two of them, toward the cowl's outer edge. Pinbacker was insanely strong, inhumanly strong. The torch-tip of the multi-tool was angling Mace's way, toward the slit in his helmet. The cutting beam struck sparks off his armored left shoulder. And suddenly Pinbacker stopped fighting. Stopped moving entirely. Mace could hear him breathing over the suit-to-suit feed. He took the multi-tool from Pinbacker's hand and switched off the torch on his own suit. There was a burn-marked hole where the torch-tip had touched Pinbacker's suit. A hole through the golden armor. Through Pinbacker's midriff. Through his spine. Hardly a hiss of escaping air. The hole-edges had cauterized, front and back, suit to flesh, flesh to suit. He hadn't even felt it. And now, finally, the captain of the Icarus was paralyzed. Through the view slits of their helmets, Mace could see Pinbacker watching him. Those dark eyes. Calm, patient. Slightly mocking. He asked only once: \"Where is she, Captain?\" Pinbacker stayed silent. Nothing but his breathing, eerily steady and deep, over the feed. Mace braced his hand on the side of the cowl and pushed him away, past the outer lip, and turned back toward the interior of the booster. At a guess, he had less than twenty minutes to assess and undo Pinbacker's would-be sabotage. ##### His guess, though he had no way of knowing, was a bit optimistic. ##### \"We're in position, Capa,\" Cassie said. \"Coming up on optimal target range on solar surface.\" Capa spot-verified his own numbers, checked them against Cassie's and Trey's. \"Initiate preliminary launch sequence.\" \"Decreasing power to main engines. First-stage retros coming online.\" Cassie leaned left, out of the cockpit, and reached for a switch set apart from her daily piloting array. \"Locking clamps disengaging: now.\" ##### Whitby was nearly to the inner door of the gangway when a brief but thunderous metallic rumbling shook through the payload. Like the sound she might hear if God were to drop His keys. The locking clamps. She pulled herself to her feet, reached for the door handle. Missed it by inches as, one or the other, her legs gave out or the payload tipped and she fell again. She hit her head on the way to the deck— — No. Fuck— — and the world around her went from gray to black. ##### Pinbacker watched the edge of the shield approach. He was unable to move his hands to fire his suit-boosters. Not that he really wanted to. He'd done enough. Maybe too much. He was moments away from the light, from release— ##### The interior of the booster shuddered, airless and therefore soundless, like a giant mute bell. Mace saw the motion rather than felt it. He boosted himself back to the entrance, looked out. Saw the payload uncouple from the ship. Even if he had time to get back inside, to see whether Whitby was, in fact, aboard Capa's bomb, it would be too late. The public gangway was now an airlock. He needed a second EVA suit. Sullivan's was cooked; the electronics were shot; he knew that. He looked for Pinbacker, spotted him, adrift, nearly at the edge of the solar shield. Mace loaded the first of the emergency darts, aimed the gun at Pinbacker's torso, fired. The shot went wide by yards. The dart flew out into the glare of the sun, popped and melted, the high-tensile line trailing out behind it like a strand of silver tinsel. Mace swore. He was shaking. He took a deep breath, held it for a moment, relaxed, breathed out. He loaded the second dart, aimed, fired. Impact. The dart struck the backplate of Pinbacker's suit, hooked, held. Mace retracted the cable, hauled him in. Again those dark eyes watched him. The bastard was still alive. Mace said, as he pressed Handi-Patch around the embedded dart, tethered Pinbacker to the lip of the booster housing, \"Begging the Captain's pardon: sir, we'll be needing your suit.\" Whitby's dead, Mace. I killed her. Mace started. Pinbacker's voice was an insidious hoarse whisper inside his helmet. He asked, again: \"Where the hell is she?\" Where haven't you looked, Mace—? Mace didn't reply. He turned away from Pinbacker, propelled himself back into the booster cowl. \"Flight deck: respond.\" Nothing. Suit-to-ship comms were still down. At that moment, he knew, Capa was confirming the targeting coordinates and running final checks on the payload's systems. Trey was rechecking their retreat trajectory. Cassie was synchronizing the helm with navigational data from both Capa and Trey; in addition, she was verifying whether the shield would reconfigure as planned once the payload was away. Then she would fire the ship's main bank of retro engines, the boosters on the payload would fire, too, and Mace and Whitby, proceeding on the assumption that, dead or alive, she was in the payload, would be left behind. Every instinct he had told him that what he was doing was wrong: he was flying into the housing of a solid-fuel rocket that was minutes away from firing with a degree of force that would make one of NASA's old Redstones or Atlases look like a firecracker by comparison. Worse, as far as his mammalian survival inclinations went, he was forcing himself to approach the rear of the booster slowly. Sullivan hadn't moved: Mace and Pinbacker hadn't collided with him during their fight; the freeing of the docking clamps hadn't jostled him away from the breached access panel. It was as if something were anchoring him in place. Something was. Sullivan was lying clamped to the cowl's interior, his right arm reaching clumsily into the access panel. Mace shone his worklight down the gold-scaled length of Sullivan's suit arm. Stopped at the glove. Sullivan's index finger was threaded through a metal loop. The loop was attached to a wire. The wire, traced in the glare of Mace's light, was attached to the triggering pin of the first of the missing explosive bolts. The rest were clustered around it. Several of them were propping open a valve, less than a meter across, that served as an intermediary between the booster's solid propellant and the engine system's shared store of gaseous fuel. From small things, terrible results. In 1986, some forty years before Mace was born, a single unsealed O-ring had led to the pre-orbit explosion of the space shuttle Challenger . Mace cut the wire that had made Sullivan a booby-trap. He leaned into the access panel and, with drops of sweat floating before his eyes, removed the explosive bolts one by one. He shone the light around the access hole, one final check— the seals around the valve, the integrity of the fuel lines— thinking all the while Not yet, Capa. Not yet, not yet, not yet— ##### Forty-five seconds later, unincinerated, he was towing Pinbacker toward the entrance to the payload. The bomb and the ship were still moving in synch, but Cassie had decreased power to the main engines and fired the initial retros: when Mace reached the outer door of the gangway with his psychopathic cargo, the Icarus was at least fifty meters away. ##### She heard the grating from the heavy steel handle; the inner door of the gangway opened. Someone stepped, and something was dragged, past Whitby. She tried to push up as the footsteps doubled back and a human figure stood over her. He'd come to finish her off. Decent of him. She said to the deck: \"Make it quick, Dan.\" \"You sure about that? I was thinking if we ever got the chance, I was going to take my time.\" Mace. He bent down, got his arms under her, picked her up. Whitby stifled a gasp, put her own arms around his neck. Not, she told herself, out of sheer shameless relief, but to take the pressure off her bleeding midriff. Mace carried her into the gangway, propped her, standing, against the bulkhead. \"Name's Stephen, by the way. Not Dan. Nice to meet you.\" He had two suits waiting. Both of them looked like they had been put through an industrial trash compactor. \"What's the fastest you've ever gotten into a suit?\" he asked. \"Two minutes eighteen. When I wasn't dying.\" \"You're not dying. He stabbed you— when? Maybe twenty-five minutes ago.\" He spoke as he helped her into the less mangled of the suits. \"Barring exertion, you've got a good ninety minutes before you bleed out.\" \"Barring exertion. I haven't been.\" \"You will be from now on. Relax, Loinnir. We're going home.\" \"It's started, hasn't it—?\" She watched him position and clamp her chest plate. \"There's no time. What the hell are you doing here, Mace—?\" Mace grunted as he hoisted the ridiculous bulk of her helmet. \"Sounds like I'm listening to you bitch, woman.\" ##### On the flight deck, from the cockpit, Cassie announced: \"Payload navigational boosters online. Initiating final systems check. Standing by for shield reconfiguration.\" She looked to Capa. He could feel Trey and Barring watching him from behind. \" Icarus ,\" he said, \"put me through to Mace.\" Mace is still beyond current communications range, Capa. He was standing at the payload operations panel, his hand on the red firing key. Cassie waited a moment, then prompted, quietly: \"Robert—?\" The angle was optimal. They were greenlit across the board. No warning lights, either from the boosters or from the payload itself. So far, ostensibly, Mace had prevented Pinbacker from doing whatever it was their former captain had been planning to do. And, in the end, it wasn't a vote. \"It's my decision,\" Capa said. He turned the key. \"Initiating launch sequence: now.\" \"Acknowledged.\" Cassie looked at him for a moment longer, her expression sad but proud. She turned back to her controls. \"Main-bank retros firing in ten seconds. Strap yourselves in, everyone.\" ##### Their suits on a two-meter tether hooked waist-to-waist, Mace and Whitby stepped out into space. The near edge of the unreconfigured shield still fronting the Icarus was now at least two hundred meters away. Mace linked arms with Whitby. \"Boosters,\" he said. She fired her suit boosters as he fired his. And, to the sides, far above them and far below, the payload boosters fired, too. Seconds later, her main bank of retros came online, and the Icarus , now towing the solar shield, started to back away. Very quickly. Too quickly. Their suit boosters were no match for the ship's engines, Mace knew. He and Whitby were about to be caught out in the glare of the sun. \"Hold on,\" he said. He loaded the emergency grappling gun with the third of the darts, aimed at the gap in the solar shield, fired. The dart hit the reinforced outer skin of the solar shield, deflected. A crescent of light lit a molten fingernail at the shield's upper edge, began to descend and broaden as, behind them, the payload started its descent into the sun. A yellow warning light went off in Mace's helmet, to the left of his head. He hadn't had time to check their tanks before he and Whitby left the payload: he was running out of air. Five minutes' worth remaining. Ten, maybe, if the reserves hadn't been damaged. He loaded and fired the fourth and last dart. It shot through the gap in the shield, its explosive tip striking distant sparks as it embedded itself in a support beam. Mace activated the cable retractor, grabbed the cable itself, started hauling himself and Whitby toward the gap. Which was now closing. The cable went taut in Mace's gloved hands as the ship's acceleration increased. He pulled faster. They were close enough to the shield to see the huge golden panels moving, sliding together, cascading in from above and the sides and below. The sunlight was descending like a curtain of fire. There. Contact. Mace shoved Whitby through the closing gap. The top edge scraped his helmet as he followed. He grabbed her as they cleared the shield's inner side, wedged both of them into the scaffolding, and hung on. The main bank of retros went to full power, and Mace's vision blurred as they started to pull gs. ##### ##### Minutes later, inside the payload, Pinbacker, alone, finally not just dying but blessedly near to death, watched the stars fall from the ceiling as the reaction began. ##### ##### Light burst past the edges of the shield, clear and clean and white. Mace could swear the roaring in his ears was the sun singing out, not the rush of his own blood. Eight minutes from now, on Earth they would know: Kirbuk's and Capa's theories had become reality; the Icarus and her crew had succeeded. ##### On the flight deck, in the chest of the mission's remaining physicist: a hollowness that might have been joy. Capa was unfamiliar with joy. He felt slightly dizzy; he felt empty. Like the entire purpose of his life had just burned away, in less than a second, seconds ago, in the explosion of the payload. But: light. Everywhere: light. For four minutes, they were on their initial retreat trajectory. Gravity spiked, pushing Capa's shoulder-belted torso into the chair at the science station, pressing the air from his lungs. Then Cassie put the ship on autopilot, got up, came over. She knelt by Capa where he sat, put her arms around him, held him. He held her, numbly, in return. He could feel it without being told; he knew; nonetheless, as a scientist he was compelled to seek empirical confirmation: he looked to the monitors at his station, read the raw data pouring in from the ship's sensors. Cassie and the others would see only numbers, symbols, and code. Capa saw what no human had ever seen before: a star healing itself, reviving. He whispered to Cassie: \"It worked.\" ##### Inside Mace's helmet, a red light replaced the yellow one. He was out of air. So, by the sound of her agonized breathing over the feed, was Whitby. The gravitational pull eased up as Cassie backed off on the retros, but Mace was already losing motor control. He was already edging toward unconsciousness. The nearest airlock was at least seventy-five meters away. It could just as well have been a mile or more. His vision was starting to fail; even if he could force his muscles to move, he couldn't see to get himself and Whitby inside. Close. So fucking close— Mace tried to push clear of the scaffolding, couldn't. Blackness and pure animal panic pressed in behind his eyes. He could no longer hear Whitby breathing inside his helmet, and he was gasping for oxygen that was no longer there. With leaden effort, he got his right hand to the ops panel on his chest plate, felt blindly for a switch. He lost consciousness without knowing whether he'd found it or not. ##### On the flight deck, the ambient light dimmed, as the reaction within the sun stabilized, as Icarus automatically adjusted the glare shielding on the forward cockpit windows. \"Am I— umm—\" Trey came down from the upper deck. Moving loris-slow, still blinking the glare from his eyes. As stunned as the rest of them. He nodded toward the windows. \"Am I the only one seeing a suit beacon?\" Far out, hung up in the shadows in the scaffolding at the back of the shield, the firefly blinking of an LCD. \"Mace,\" Capa said, staring at it. \"Whitby.\" He unsealed the flight-deck door, made for the midships airlock at a run. Cassie went after him. \"Capa—\" Just outside the staging area, she caught up to him, caught his arm. \"I'll go.\" \"The mission still needs a pilot, Cass.\" She frowned. \"Meaning—?\" \"I'm expendable now,\" he said. \"Not to me.\" \"You should stay on the flight deck until we're certain the ship is secure. Keep us on course.\" \"Robert—\" \"I love you.\" He met her eyes, caressed her cheek. \"I'll be right back.\" \"I know. I love you, too.\" Cassie bit her lower lip, looking away. \"We're wasting time. Let me help you suit up.\" ##### Priming spare air tanks, packing an emergency kit. Tethers, grapplers, Handi-Patch. Checking his suit, as he'd been trained to do. Capa left the airlock calmly and with purpose. He propelled himself toward the light blinking on the back of the solar shield. Short, precise bursts on his suit thrusters, as Daniel Pinbacker had shown him. He knew he was operating, now, on a local level rather than a systemic one, or a global one. He had to ask himself which, in the end, was more important. He was, after all, not made of numbers. He was not a series of equations. His crewmates were real. Real in ways his human senses could comprehend without calculation. Cassie's face. Her smile. The texture of her skin, the softness of her hair. Even Mace, for all the antagonism that existed between them, was real. Saving the world was, by comparison, an abstraction, a problem to be solved. As he got nearer, he could see: two suited figures, neither of them moving, awaited him in the scaffolding at the back of the shield. ##### A figure in an EVA suit was boosting itself toward them. An illusion. Mace's dying mind was replaying bits from memory, that was all. A thousand spacewalks. The fight with Pinbacker. Mace—? Capa's voice, muffled in the stale dead air of Mace's helmet. \"Capa—\" The oxygen-starved capillaries were throbbing in Mace's brain. Something tickled the skin above his upper lip: his nose was bleeding. Nothing from Whitby. He couldn't hear anything from her. Not even her breathing over the feed. \"Give her air— Give her—\" I've got enough for both of you, Mace. ##### Inside, Cassie and Barring removed Mace's helmet, and then they helped Capa and Trey pull Whitby from her suit. For Mace, the saving of the world was summarized thus: \"It worked, didn't it?\" He was looking at Whitby's face. Her eyes were closed; her skin was chalk-white, bluish in the hollows; like Mace, she'd bled from the nose. \"It worked,\" Capa said. \"Pinbacker is dead.\" Capa glanced at him, nodded. Then he and Trey and Cassie were moving Whitby to Medical, and Mace was alone with Barring. He was too weak to unsuit on his own. He wanted to tell Barring that he would be content, as numb as he was, as tired and unfocused, to stay like this for a time, literally propped against the bulkhead, but she started unclamping him, unfastening and unscrewing, like he was a piece of old iron hardware consigned to a graving yard, and he had no choice but to let her. \"You can see now,\" he said, hoarsely, watching her. \"Well enough.\" She guided Mace to one of the staging area's benches and sat him down. She brought him water; she broke chunks off a protein bar and fed him. He was almost too tired to chew. \"She's going to be fine,\" she said. \"You're a shitty liar, Ingrid.\" \"For once in my life, I'm sorry for that.\" She caressed his sweaty temple. \"We just saved Earth. It's a time of miracles, Mace. Maybe there's room for one more.\" \"Sure.\" ##### ##### Variations: on peace, on grief, on sleep for a week . ##### ##### To compensate for the loss of their crewmates, they all assumed new responsibilities, learned new skills. Trey and Barring, for instance, mutually adopted life support and the Oxygen Garden. Capa, oblivious, as always, to anything resembling irony, found compatibility with the auto-doc, and began spending much of his non-science time in Medical. In addition to the \"everything\" he'd always done, Mace pieced together a replacement for the exterior comms tower they'd lost in the meteor collision. Within days, they were communicating with Lunar Control and with Earth. Mace saw it in the faces, heard it in the voices, of those who appeared on the screens in the vid booth in Comms: not just amazement, not just a sort of shattering relief at what the Icarus and her crew had accomplished, but incredulity, too; he confirmed to himself, with a sardonic and hidden inner smile, that none of them had been expected to survive. They'd have months to chat with their families and friends, to provide interviews, to make guest appearances via video in classrooms and other venues. For now, they dealt with official business. Between calls from Project Icarus Control and his WorSpAd and Air Force superiors, Mace, like the others, met via videolink with the mission's counselors. Actually, there was only one shrink he'd talk to: Dan Monroe, gruff, broad-faced, built like a bear, who had the sense never to be patronizing. Low on the sensitivity-training scale, maybe, but he talked to Mace as if Mace were nothing more than an engine in need of tuning, and Mace appreciated that. They discussed those crewmates Mace had lost and now missed, Gavrila Kirbuk foremost among them. They discussed those he felt guilty for not missing. All in all, he told Monroe, basically he believed that grief either killed you or it didn't. The truth, he knew, was more complex. Something more along the lines of What doesn't kill me now weakens me so that something else can kill me later. Monroe actually chortled when Mace said that. \"I'll let Friedrich Nietzsche know you're stealing his lines.\" \"You do that, Monroe.\" Mace signed off, left the vid booth and Comms, and headed to Medical. ##### \"It's easier,\" Capa was saying, with android patience in his tone, \"if you lie back. Stop squirming.\" \"I'll stop squirming when you stop washing your hands in icewater, you bastard,\" Whitby replied. Mace entered Medical, leaned up against the bulkhead just inside the door, watched. Whitby was lying on the room's cot, her t-shirt pushed up from her midriff, while Capa examined her wound. \"It's looking good,\" he said. He glanced at the three-dimensional rendering that the auto-doc was projecting in midair to the side of the cot. \"And no internal bleeding.\" \"Praise be, Doctor Freezemitts,\" Whitby muttered. But the smile she gave him was full of genuine affection and thanks. He'd saved her life, and she knew it. Well, Trey had saved it, too: when Capa discovered that the power fluxes within the ship had shorted one of the plasma freezers, Trey had given roughly half his blood during the emergency surgery to repair Whitby's abdominal aorta. He'd spent the next three shifts flat on his back, sipping fruit juice and looking like he'd been hit by a power loader. Hell, Mace thought, but gratefully, that's what you get for being O-negative, you dumb bastard. He stayed quiet while Capa re-dressed Whitby's wound; when Capa stepped away from the cot and Whitby sat up, Mace straightened away from the bulkhead. \"I was wondering when you'd finally get off your lazy ass,\" he said to her. He glanced slyly toward Capa. \"Cassie and Brainiac, here, are too polite to say anything, but you've been occupying prime real estate, woman. This is the last decent bed on board, and they're getting tired of screwing in the carrot patch.\" On cue, Capa turned red and walked into a cartful of medical instruments. Whitby and Mace shared a smirk. Capa—? Barring's voice, audible from his comm tags. Capa cleared his throat. \"Yes, Ingrid—?\" There's a live feed coming through for you here in Comms. It's your sister. Not the mission coordinators, seeking reports, depositions, explanations. Not the WorSpAd physics board. Not a dozen hounding universities or science journals. Capa smiled a calm and angelic smile. \"Thank you, Ingrid. I'll be right there.\" Mace tipped his head Whitby's way. \"You done feeling her up, Capa?\" \"For now,\" Capa replied. He winked at Whitby, and left her alone with Mace. \"Boy does nothing more than save the world, and it turns him into a right cheeky bastard.\" Whitby stood up, tugged the hem of her t-shirt back into place. Neither she nor Mace mentioned how said boy had saved them, too. Though Mace came closer, the silence between him and Whitby grew awkward as well as mutual. \"Hell, Stephen—\" she said, finally. She leaned up, tenderly kissed the corner of his mouth. \"I'm not very good at this, either,\" he said. He was practically shuffling his feet. Not quite meeting her eyes. \"You know, umm— I'll understand if you need some time.\" She frowned thoughtfully. \"You mean if I'm not ready for—\" \"Yeah.\" \"I think if we take it easy, I'll be fine. Robert's a damn fine hand with the stitcher.\" Mace frowned back at her, confused. \"What are you talking about?\" Whitby raised her eyebrows, nodded toward the cot. Mace's frown inverted itself. He laughed incredulously. \"You slut—!\" \"I beg your fucking pardon—\" She glared in mock offense back at him. \"Oh: you thought I thought you meant a couple of months of shell-shocked moping.\" \"Pretty much.\" \"Taking it slow. Long walks in the forward corridor, maybe. Holding hands by starlight in the Oxygen Garden.\" \"Exactly.\" \"A rest-cure for a broken heart.\" She was smiling for him, but her sea-blue eyes were serious. \"Yeah,\" Mace said, softly. \"Y'know what that cure might include—?\" \"What's that?\" Whitby embraced him, held him. Mace held her in return, and she felt good in his arms. She relaxed against him, laid her head on his shoulder; Mace rested his cheek on her hair. \"Hmm,\" he said. \"What?\" \"I wonder how long Brainiac's phone call is gonna take—?\" Whitby chuckled, eased away from him just a bit, and hauled Mace down onto the cot. ##### Voices, ahead, from Comms. Cassie was seated in the video booth with the door open. Capa, thinking that he'd misheard Barring and that Cassie had a call scheduled before his, was at first nonplussed, but he was willing to let her finish. She turned, though, as he approached, saw him, smiled. \"Hey. Come on in.\" He saw, then: Rosa was onscreen. \"Robert,\" she said, \"hello. It's about time I met your girl, don't you think—?\" Comforting normalcy. No mention of the enormity of what her younger brother and his crewmates had accomplished, or the trials they'd weathered. Capa's older sister was wise enough to leave the counseling to the mission's psych team. No stunned silence, no tears. Only her kind smile and her dark, sparkling eyes. He couldn't remember the last time he'd had cause to grin. He grinned now, and maybe blushed a little, too. \"Hi, Rosa.\" Cassie made room for him before the tryptich of video screens; Capa entered the booth and closed the door behind him. THE END ","Summary":" BINARY We're the night shift, man. No one gives a damn. Following ten minutes of nothing but breath"},{"Movie":"Sunshine","Title":"A Life Deferred","Author":"LeeW","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4124648","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Afternall the years of training, all the years of preparation for thenjourney to the sun, there were yet some crew members aboard IcarusnII that did not sleep easily. Cassiensighed as she shifted positions inside her small bed. The filterednhalogen lights of Icarus II , which were dimly lit as alwaysnduring the ship's night cycle, shed just enough light on thendigital calendar on the wall by her bed. Five more minutes and itnwould be 12:00 A.M., November 18th, 2057….six months tonthe day since the crew of Icarus II had begun their flightntowards the sun. Six months…how much of that time had she spentntrying to avoid looking Mace in the eye? Every day, every momentnthey passed each other in a corridor, brushed against each othernwhile going about the flight deck was a nerve-wracking moment fornCassie. If not for that one night, so many months ago she wondered,nwould she now be so uncomfortable in Mace's presence? Surely allnthe rest of the crew, save Searle, wondered at the tension betweennthem in their day-to-day duties, Cassie was sure of this. How couldnthey not? Cassie could not even bring herself to lift her eyes tonMace's face on most occasions, and when she did, all she saw werenthose deep brown eyes filled with a single thing: expectation. nCassie knew what Mace wanted, hoped for, even wished for: contact. nJust a few small words, a nod, even a smile. Cassienrolled over again, her mind replaying the events of last night'sndinner. It had been Corazon's turn for the night's dinner shift,nwhich meant good things for the crew. Cassie had never been anparticularly dab hand at cooking, but she wasn't bad either. Herntalent paled in comparison to Corazon, however; besides herself andnthe slender, quiet biologist, few else amongst the crew could bencounted upon for decent cooking- Harvey, surprisingly, was skilled innthe kitchen, as were Capa and Searle. Mace was merely adequate,nKaneda's meals were passable, and as for Trey, whenever it was hisnshift, the crew seemed to be strangely without their appetites. Lastnnight Corazon had turned out a wonderful vegetable stir-fry, yetnCassie had barely picked at her food. Cassienfinished typing in the coordinates for Icarus's night cycle. \"Icarus,ncoordinates have been set for next twelve hours during crew's sleepncycle\" \"Affirmative,nCassie. Icarus now transferring pilot control to ship computer fornnight cycle.\" Cassienlooked up at the ship's dashboard clock. Seven o'clock. Just inntime for dinner. The rest of the crew would just be sitting down toneat. Anwonderful jasmine perfume was in the air as Cassie came into thencrew's quarters. Aaah, of course- Corazon had kitchen shiftntonight. Kaneda and Harvey were already at the table, deep innconversation. Capa and Trey were collecting their food from Corazon,nand Searle was filling the cups. Mace was nowhere in sight. \"Justnin time\" Corazon said as she passed Cassie a steaming plate ofnvegetables and noodles, Perfect, mused Cassie as she turned around tonhead to the table. Just enough time to sit down with- Ccraashh!!!! Cassiencollided with something tall and solid, stumbling backwards. A handnreached out, coiling around her waist, pulling her to his body andnaway from the floor. Mace. Mace, with his shirt now drenched inncarrots, broccoli, noodles and of course, Corazon's savory jasminensauce. Cassie slowly brought her eyes up to Mace's face. \"Sorry.\" \"Nothingnto be sorry about, Cass.\" Mace's face was calm and collected,nhis eyes boring back into hers. Cassie blushed, suddenly embarrassednat the closeness of their bodies as she felt Mace's arms aroundnher. \"You can let go of me now, Mace.\" Cassie said, ferventlynwishing she could find something else to focus her eyes upon. \"Surenthing.\" Mace's hands slid away, now occupied with picking carrotnslices off his shirt. \"I'm glad I made extra. You want a towel,nMace?\" Corazon called from behind the galley. \"Nah, I'll justnchange real quick. Cassie probably planned the whole thing just tonget my shirt off anyway.\" Mace offered Cassie a mischievous grinnbefore pulling off the stained garment, exposing his well-toned chestnand abs. Cassie could not help but stare for long moment at thenexposed skin, unwelcome memories flooding through her mind. Had itnreally been so long ago, before she learned to avoid him, that theynhad shared that one wonderful night? \"Cassie,nhelp me clean this mess up, okay?\" Corazon's voice brought Cassienback to reality as she felt a dishtowel being placed in her hand. nNumbly, Cassie knelt to begin cleaning up the spilt food, her mindnstill on Mace. So much for avoiding him tonight… All too soon shenfound herself at the dinner table, facing Kaneda and Harvey, withnCapa and Searle on her left and Corazon and Trey on her right…whichnleft her stuck next to Mace. Harveynwas describing in great detail to the crew his honeymoon with hisnwife Michelle, and was being shamelessly egged on by Searle and Trey.n It was a story that Cassie knew any other night she might havenenjoyed, but tonight all she could think of was Mace. Sighing, shenreached out across the table for a napkin and drew back, promptlyncolliding with Mace's arm, tipping her glass of water directly intonher plate of stir-fry. \"Shit\" muttered Mace, grabbing for somennapkins to mop up the quickly spreading puddle. \"Clean up on aislenfour\" Harvey snickered, momentarily distracted from his story. \" I guess we're two for two now, huh Cass?.\" Mace offered upnanother cheeky grin. \" Yeah, I guess so.\" Cassie offered a wan smile. \"You don'tnhave to clean that up Mace. It was my fault…again. Let me do it.\" \"No,nno, I've got this. I'll just get rid of this…\" Mace stood upnand tossed Cassie's ruined meal into the nearby sink before sittingnback down. You'll just share with me.\" Mace slid his platenbetween them, and handed Cassie's fork back to her. \"Dig in.\"nMace smiled, laying his hand on her shoulder. Cassie suddenlynrecalled a moment, months ago, of herself wrapping an arm around Macenas she passed him a glass of wine. No, she decided. Don't dwellnon it. That's what got you into this whole funk. Sighing, she dugninto her vegetables Cassienshifted in her bed once more. The clock now read 4: 30 A.M. The dayncycle aboard Icarus II didn't begin until 7:30 A.M., butnwhat was the use of trying to go back to sleep? The night had beennthankless enough already all she had managed to achieve was a fewnmeager hours of rest, broken only by an extended trip down memorynlane. Sitting up, Cassie groggily tucked a stray stand of hairnbehind her ear, resolving to get more sleep tomorrow night.[Chapter 2] Author's note: Thanks to all who have reviewed and/or sent me encouragement. This chapter had been written long ago, and I simply had too many family crises going on to make time to post it- my apologies! Furthermore, I do not always write sequentially, which makes my story-writing process a more drawn-out affair. Also, I do not attend for the story itself to take place in a sequential fashion, but as a rule, each chapter will usually start off with a \"present-time\" moment during the mission prior to the events of the film before switching to a flashback. I hope everyone enjoys the chapter! And I hope I can post chapter three within 2 week's time or less! Cassie walked out as quietly as she could towards the kitchen and common area. There was nothing of any significant importance that might be accomplished in the dim hours before Icarus began its morning cycle. The blinking green digital lights of the computer display in the prep area taunted her as they winked back and forth on the dark screen. Squinting in the darkness, and making no other conclusion that someone on the launch staff had falsified her vision test, Cassie fumbled for the light switch at the side of the doorway for a moment before successfully bringing the halogen lights on dim. In the light the room looked empty and forlorn, bereft of any other occupants save Cassie. She reflected that the one positive outcome of her solitary presence was at least there was no danger of spilling another plate of food on another unsuspecting victim, and in the dim light of the quiet room Cassie allowed herself a smile. Rummaging through the pantry, Cassie selected for herself a canister of bran cereal and a packet of dried banana slices. From the heavy steel-clad refrigerator she pulled an already-opened canister of skim milk, and from the drawers next to the refrigerator, a bowl and spoon. Silently she poured the bran and the banana slices into the cereal bowl, the bran making a vague rattling echo in the empty room. Pouring the milk, Cassie watched the mixture rise to the top before she dipped in her spoon and began her breakfast. Breakfast was not normally a solitary meal aboard Icarus II , nor was lunch or dinner. With only eight people on the massive craft, meals were generally an opportunity for camaraderie, conversation and laughter. This morning however Cassie was almost glad of the silence- she did not need anyone to distract her from her thoughts. Although her dreams were routinely consistent in their subject matter, Cassie had found more and more of them being occupied with memories of Mace, even if they were at most a fleeting and sudden presence. After six months of living and working in the same space with the man, Cassie often found herself exasperated with his presence, although Mace had done nothing to bother her. In fact, in all their time together since Icarus II had departed for the sun, Mace had been nothing but a gentleman, He was still a flirt, and still a bit of a braggadocio, but ever since Cassie had broken off the relationship, he had stopped openly pursuing her. Nothing could disguise the looks of raw hunger and desire that she often saw in his eyes, however, nor could Cassie avoid seeing a hint of sadness and regret etched on his handsome features when he thought no else was watching. Her initial impression of Mace had been far different. Cassie could still recall the first meeting from the preliminary stages of the Icarus II project , from the conference in the District of Columbia, when the eight men and women who would become earth's last, greatest hope had made their introductions to each other…. \"I know you, you know.\" \"You do? We've never met.\" \"Well, not face to face, anyway. But I've heard all about you. You're the guy who cracked the system. The one who brought down half of the computers in the Eastern Hemisphere with the Nagasaki virus.\" The young man in front of Cassie offered a sheepish shrug of his shoulders. Tanaka \"Trey\" Koji had been until recently a name of relative infamy within the scientific communities of the world. Now staring at the face before her, Cassie found it hard to believe that someone with such round, childlike features and the cheeky lopsided grin could really have wreaked such havok across the world. Offered a plea bargain in exchange for a contracted term in the Pan-Asian Space Program, the world's foremost hacker had since become head mathematician and navigator in the new Icarus Initiative. Trey had not been the only face that Cassie had recognized; she had known Searle for years, and of course she and Harvey had shared work together at NASA over the last few months. Still, there were faces at the conference that Cassie had not recognized, faces which provoked consideration and curiosity. A willowy Chinese woman with graceful features. A young man about her own age with the most piercing cerulean blue eyes Cassie had ever seen. A handsome Japanese man who radiated an almost Zen-like calm. And lastly, the tall, broad-shouldered young man with the close-cut hair and the dark brown eyes. Even now Cassie watched him move seamlessly through the crowd, pausing only to strike up a conversation with the Japanese man. Her curiosity got the better of her. \"Trey.\" Cassie motioned behind the navigator. \"Trey, who's that guy with the short brown hair-\" \"And the biceps like tree-trunks? I met him yesterday at one of the preliminary meetings.\" Trey's eyes sparked with mischief. \"You want me to make an introduction?\" \"Oh, I don't really think-\" \"Follow me.\" Trey cut her off and began winding around the crowd, leaving Cassie no option but to follow. Coming up behind the broad-shouldered man, Trey cleared his throat. \"Mr. Mace.\" \"Trey.\" The man turned around, offering Trey and Cassie an expectant look. \"I've got someone you ought to meet, seeing as how you'll be sharing a ship for the next three years. This is Cassie.\" Trey motioned to her, and Cassie stepped forward. \"Hello. Mr. Mace.\" Cassie found herself blushing, although she had no idea why. As if sensing her embarrassment, Mace wisely chose to break the ice first. \"I know you, you know,\" he remarked \"I was just telling the same thing to Trey. How did you-\" \"I saw your bio in the press release packets this morning. Of course,\" Mace drawled, \"you'd think when we're getting ready to save the world, our own space agency would go ahead and introduce us to our fellow crewmates before training begins next month, but, I guess they have better things to worry about. You know, fuel efficiency, prepping the booster rockets on the ship, finetuning the wiring, stuff like that.\" \"Then I'm guessing you're the mechanic?\" \"Bingo.\" Cassie grinned. She was beginning to like Mace already.. \"So what's your gig going to be on this big bucket of bolts?\" \"The ship needs a pilot.\" Mace smirked. \"So, can't you just point us towards the sun, start up the engines and let that be the end of it?\" \"I could, but in the very unlikely we have to shift postions due to the solar winds, or a meteor storm or anything else, I'm sure you'd rather the pilot take control of the ship instead of the mechanic.\" \"So you're saying you're the best person for the job?\" Cassie straightened her shoulders. \"I'm the best there ever was.\" \"Funny, that's what all the girls say about me.\" Mace flashed his wide grin again, and Cassie looked away, unable to handle such unbridled machismo. If Mace was always this saucy, training was going to be very interesting…. Thanks again for reading! I'm hoping Chapter three will focus more on Mace, and his view on the burgeoning attraction![Chapter 3] A/N: Thanks to everyone for the recent kind reviews! These reviews always mean the world to me and positive feedback and constructive criticism are what I need to get me inspired, so many thanks again to you all. As I mentioned in my last post, I rarely write my stories in sequential format; I've already written three other chapters to follow this one and they are all in varying stages of completion. I know last time I promised a post within 2 weeks, and it has been what, three and half at least, right? I do apologize for the tardiness and I will try to have chapter 4 up in two weeks time or less! Also, to clarify a plot point, the real-time part of this chapter, while written from Mace's perspective, occurs on the exact same night aboard Icarus II as the night on which Cassie dreamt of her first meeting with Mace, as seen in the previous chapter. Cassie hated Mondays She hated them. She had hated them for as long as they had been designated the day for \"Gravity Simulation and Calisthenics Examinations\" as specified by NASA's medical division. The physical fitness of the eight members that comprised the Icarus II Initiative would have direct bearing on their endurance, reflexes and muscle strength during the three-year flight to and from the sun, and consequently, under the watchful eyes of the medical staff, the program-mandated bi-weekly fitness and training sessions were implemented. For the last three months, the Monday regimen consisted of the following directives: A thirty-minute Pilates session. Four sets of sprints. Endurance running. And of course, diving missions in the neutral buoyancy laboratory. It was a ritual that Cassie dearly despised. She had known even before training began that the tank would be an essential part of crew operations, as it had been for nearly every astronaut since its inception by NASA back in the 1970s. And, she would often reflect, it seemed in the almost seventy-odd years since its inception, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration had done little to make the endeavor a useful simulation. At the root of it all, she saw the practices as futile, for water could never fully replicate the zero gravity atmosphere of deep space and the EVA missions aboard Icarus II. The aqueous material and the significant amount of drag which came with it only slowed down the already laborious and weighty movements of the practice spacesuits. And the entire affair was a tedious and drawn out matter, for complete sessions often passed the ninety minute mark. Today it was herself and Mace in the suits, thirty feet below surface level inside their suits, laboring to breathe inside their steamy helmets as they went through the movements of soldering emergency antennae to one of the faux comms towers which was meant to simulate one of Icarus' two rotating communication beacons. In theory, the practice was sound. Although statistically improbable, during the voyage, should the antennae hit any foreign particles in deep space, the comms towers could potentially become inactive. The exercise involved both partners disconnecting the strut supports on one end of the tower, removing defunct wiring before moving to the far end of the tower to solder and wire the new antennae. \" Mace, bring up the maintenance module to the antennae.\" \" Roger Cassie.\" Mace's voice crackled through the static, but even through the bright lights of the tank Cassie could discern her fellow crewmember bringing up the self-propelled maintenance module. \" I'm glad we're almost done. I didn't think removing the struts would take that long. After this I'm taking a two-hour nap.\" \" I'd settle for a cold beer.\" Cassie smiled to herself. She had become quite used to Mace's often unexpected but always witty commentary over the last few weeks of training. It was just another sign that the crew of the ICARUS II was becoming a family, where each of them cared for each other. Perhaps some more than others, she mentally added, imagining Mace's easy smile. The module magnetically sealed itself to the metal frame of the tower, the top cover sliding back to offer up its utilities. Cassie took out the charged drill, shifting the device in her gloved hand as she floated towards the antennae. \" Mace?\" \" Yeah Cassie?\" \" Help me get this done in the next 15 minutes and I'll buy the first round tonight.\" ' Good. You know I like a challenge.\" \" I thought the neutral buoyancy tank was considered \"a team-bonding exercise.\" \" Male and female bonding? I like the sound of that.\" Cassie rolled her eyes. \"I don't know how you managed to wedge all that ego into the spacesuit. Now get the soldering drill.\" \" Got it.\" Mace floated towards Cassie, the drill in one hand, and the replacement antennae in the other. From the miniscule slit that was the window of his helmet, Mace could see Cassie straining inside her suit as she took the soldering drill. He was doing no better himself, and despite his attempts at levity and the temperature regulators built into the suit, neither had stopped him from sweating out nearly all of his bodily fluids. His headband had long since been soaked through, and he now had no way to fight the beads of sweat as they rolled down his forehead, stinging his eyes. \"All right. Wiring grate removed. Now we just need to plug in the replacement wiring lozenge.\" \" Cassie, slow down your breathing.\" Corazon's voice crackled to life on her suit's hard-line. \"I don't want you going through your O uf032 too fast and you've only got ten percent left. And Mace, you're not doing much better.\" \" I'm trying Corrie, I really am.\" ' WARNING. REMAINGING O2 AT TEN PERCENT.\" As if to taunt them, the placid electronic voice of Icarus underscored Corazon's warning, to remind them of their inefficiency. \" God, I hate this,\" sighed Cassie, unable to completely mask her irritation with the O2 status and the snail's pace at which the current exercise was proceeding. \"I mean, this is completely unnecessary. I'm not even high priority for repairs. The protocols specifically state that you, Kaneda and Harvey are the first-ranked specialists for all external operations during the flight. Why the hell am I even stuck in this suit?\" \" Because the administration specifically stated that despite the odds being in our favor, should anyone aboard Icarus II become incapacitated for any reason whatsoever,\" Mace reminded her, \" the rest of us have to have basic knowledge of repair protocol and the dynamics of the spacesuit.\" \" Did you spend the whole night rereading the mission dossier?\" grumbled Cassie Mace chuckled. \"Just doing my job. One of us has to be the engineer.\" \" And one of us is going to pass out if they're stuck in this sweatbox any longer. Now pass me the wiring lozenge\" The proffered packet was passed, and Cassie tried with no success to slide it into the opened grate. This was why she hated the neutral buoyancy tank- water made everything so hard to work with. She pushed harder. The lozenge remained stubbornly in place. \" Mace, I need you.\" \" Yeah, that's what she said-\" \" Just shut up and help me get the wiring in place.\" Mace glided over closer as Cassie gave one last final shove on the lozenge with both gloved hands, and was rewarded with the sight of the sealed plastic tube's wiring port flash green as it connected with the internal mechanisms. Mace's approving whistle came in loud and sharp over the crackling of Cassie's hard-link. \"Good. A few more minutes and we're done. We just need to connect the antennae, and that's the easiest part.\" \" Well hurry it up.\" Corzon's voice crackled on their suits' hardlinks. \"You're both about to go over on the O2 limits. If this was a real mission you'd both drain your reserves in a matter of moments.\" \" Copy that Corazon. Mace, let's replace the wiring grate and get to the antennae.\" Cassie pushed off from the lozenge, but something snapped at her gloved hand and she recoiled inside her suit, her forehead smacking against the helmet. Cassie realized then why her right hand had not moved- her glove had become wedged between the lozenge and external plating, snagged on some unseen object. \" Cassie, come on.\" \" I'm stuck!\" \" No you're not. We're in a neutral buoyancy tank. We go which ever way our suits do.\" Even through the haze of bubbles and the darkness of Mace's helmet, Cassie could almost swear he was rolling his eyes. \" Mace, I'm serious. My right hand, it- it's stuck somehow.\" She gave another push, but her arm was as stiff and still as if immersed in concrete. \" Alright, I'm going to try and pull you free.\" Mace floated beside Cassie, placing his hands around her forearm. On three, and then we pull together.\" \" I still want to be able to use my hand after this is over, Mace.\" \" You will be, just hold on. ONE, TWO-\" They pulled at the exact same moment, and suddenly Cassie yelped as a deep pain spread throughout her hand. \" God, I'm sorry Cas, I am. One more pull and you're free.\" \" I can't move my hand!\" \" I know, I know I know, just one more pull and-\" \" No!\" Cassie shrieked the last word, already hating herself for sounding obstinate and weak at the same time, but her hand now really stung! Cassie suddenly felt something warm and sticky sliding over her palm and as if to match her suspicions, the water around the wiring grate began to turn a soft murky red. Her hand was cut, that much was clear, and to make matters worse, her hand was still firmly lodged just inside the wiring grate. \" Mace, any luck?\" Corazon's voice crackled on the hardlink. \" I can't get her free. Something on her glove has to be catching on one of the internal pieces. And…\" Mace gritted his teeth. \"I don't think we have much O2 left in the suits.\" It didn't matter whether or not the practice was successful, what matted now was getting Cassie out safe. In the four weeks since their meeting at the publicity conference, they had already become so close, and he certainly wasn't going to let anything happen to a crewmember and a friend. \" Well, do something! I can't stay here all day!\" Cassie laughed a nervous laugh, the weak attempt at humor failing to mask the rising anxiety in her voice. Mace gave a second, more forceful pull, but Cassie could only yelp at the pain. \" Cassie, take it easy! We've got Kaneda and the E.T.s putting on their diving tanks right now.\" Corazon's voice alone was calm. \"They'll get you out. There's plenty of air in your pack, and it will only take a minute to-\" \" WARNING. OXYGEN AT FIVE PERCENT. PLEASE RETURN TO AIRLOCK.\" As if on cue, the voice of ICARUS interrupted Corazon's instructions. Mace watched as Cassie began shaking violently inside of her suit, trying in vain to push off from the surface of the comms tower. \" Why the hell didn't they fit the suits with redundant breathers? This isn't even a real mission and if I die-\" \" Cassie, calm down, you need to slow your breathing-\" \" I am calm!\" Cassie snarled over the hardlink. \"Get me out of here, NOW!\" \" Jeez, Cassie take it easy, you have to control your breathing and-\" \" I am!\" Cassie shrieked, and Mace realized that were she to keep hyperventilating, her O2 supply would go down even further. A sudden, desperate idea struck him. \" Cassie, don't worry, I'm going to get you out, just hold on.\" Mace lunged for the maintenance module, and began rifling through the trays of tools, the sound of the items shuffling about under his hands drowned out by Cassie's loud and rapid breathing. \" Do something!\" she shrieked again, and the sound tore at Mace's heart. She would come to no bad end on his watch, not when he had come to care for her so deeply. His hands moved over drill bits, tubing, small machines and replacement parts. What could he use to cut through metal in the few precious minutes Cassie had left? \"Mace\" Cassie groaned from somewhere behind him, and he realized how desperate she sounded, how ragged her voice came out. His hands landed on something- a blade, a utility knife. \" Got it Cassie! I can cut you out!\" He lunged for Cassie's bobbing form, and maneuvered his arm so that it was parallel to Cassie's. \" I'm going to have to do this blind and I can't promise it's going to be a neat job either.\" \" Mace.\" Cassie's voice was sluggish. Desperately, Mace plunged the blade into the piping, feeling it line up to Cassie's hand. He scraped the knife around viciously and was rewarded with the faint clicking sound of metal meeting metal. In a flash Mace realized what had happened The delicately placed scales of the fingers of her suit's glove had snagged somehow and the hard metal scale had bent and curved around the unseen obstacle. Grimacing, Mace realized he would have to cut through the metal to free Cassie. Aiming the knife as close as he could, and hating himself for what he was about to do, knowing full well that Cassie would only be cut deeper no matter how carefully he aimed, Mace plunged the blade forward, and was rewarded with the sound of ripping material. \" WARNING, OXYGEN LEVEL AT FIVE PERCENT. PLEASE RETURN TO AIRLOCK.\" \" WARNING. OXYGEN LEVEL AT ONE PERCENT. PLEASE RETURN TO AIRLOCK OF FATAL DAMAGE TO NEURAL AND MOTOR SYSTEMS EMMINENT. POSSIBLE LOSS OF LIFE. Their suits' O2 monitors now beeping in tandem, Mace gave the blade one final plunge, and Cassie's gloved hand slid out of the crevice, another cloud of blood blossoming in its wake. Somewhere above them, the distant echoes of the diving E.T.s met his ears as they began their descent. \" Cassie?\" There was a long drawn out sigh, a last expelled breath that echoed on his hardlink. \" CASSIE!!\" Pulling her form to his own, Mace pushed off from the tower, struggling upwards even as the rescue divers converged around them, pushing Cassie to the surface. He gasped as he hit the depressurize button under the helmet, and with a loud hiss Mace's helmet slid up, the diving team quickly stripping him out of the suit. The divers had hauled Cassie out of the water and she was already being laid on the ground, the medics rushing to strip her of her compression suit and pressure vest. \" Is she going to be okay?\" Mace yelled over the crowd to Corazon. \"She was in the suit for almost a whole minute before the divers opened her helmet.\" Corazon didn't bother looking at Mace while she unbuckled Cassie' pressure vest . \"We have to hope she was saving her last breath when she went unconscious. Her airway looks clear. Start CPR while I work her chest.\" As if on cue, Searle appeared by Mace's side, as Mace leaned over Cassie's face. Pinching hr noise and opening her jaw, he delivered one long, steady breath into her airway even as he felt Corazon delivering a strong push on Cassie's sternum. What happened?\" Searle yelled over the din. \" She ran out of her before she could get to the top. I don't think she was out for long, but-\" Corazon paused as she pushed her hands against Cassie's chest. \"We can't hope too much.\" Searle shook his head. \"The longer she's unconscious the less chance we have of resuscitating her.\" \" Anything?\" Mace pleaded as bent down towards Cassie's head again. \" Nothing.\" Corazon gave another forceful push into Cassie's body. \"She's beginning to turn blue!\" \" Dammit Cassie, wake up!\" Mace exhaled into Cassie's unmoving mouth, her lips cold on his. \" Paddles warmed up! Corrie, get out of the way!!\" Mace looked up as Searle moved in, the heated paddles in his hands. Knowing there was no time for modesty, Mace grabbed the collar of her jumpsuit, tearing the fabric down to Cassie's navel. Even as he pushed aside the scraps of fabric, Searle knelt to position the paddles on Cassie's chest. \" Clear!!\" Her body made a sudden jolt, back arching as muscles contracted from the intense electrical current even as the sound of a ragged intake of breath reached Mace's ears. Warm brown eyes fluttered open as her body entered a spasm of coughing. She felt strong arms encircling her, a warmth spreading through her chilled body. For a brief moment, she did not know what had happened. And then, like the pieces of an intricate puzzle box, everything fell into place. Dazzling lights in her eyes. A sharp throbbing pain in her right hand. The scent of chlorine in the air. The sound of Corazon crying. And Mace, Mace holding her, rocking her in his arms even as he whispered into her ear. \" I thought we lost you.\" She stirred groggily. \"Was I gone?\" \" Almost…can you sit up?\" \" I can try.\" Cassie struggled to sit up as Mace carefully supported her. A frenzy of activity went on around her. Technicians were taking away what appeared to be her dismembered spacesuit. Corazon stood off to the side, grinning even as tears streaked down her face. And Searle was on his knees by her side, his fingers around Cassie's wrist as he checked his watch. \" Pulse is pretty weak; bloodflow is irregular.\" \" I don't feel very good.\" Cassie muttered, more to herself than to anyone else, the adrenaline from he experienced was rapidly being replaced by a strong and growing pain that seemed to spread throughout her system, and she was suddenly overwhelmed by a great wave of sluggishness. Her eyes wandered down to her right hand, and she discovered the source of the pain: a deep cut on her palm, slashed from pinky to thumb, steadily dripping blood despite the layer of gauze covering the wound.. \" My hand,\" she whispered to no one in particular. She made a fist to stem the bloodflow but the pain became so bad she was forced to give up. Whimpering, she gave up and sank back towards the floor. Hardly aware of what he was doing, Mace pulled Cassie to him in a tight embrace, his head nuzzling into the crook of her neck. \" Hey, I've got you Cass. Don't worry, a little bed rest and you'll be back on your feet in no time.\" He heard her moan softly from the pain, and he could not stop himself from placing a small, kiss against her throat. Despite the dizziness that was setting in, the sudden physical contact brought two things to Cassie's attention. Her chest was becoming more sore by the minute, and, she realized as her cheeks flushed, her jumpsuit was shredded down the middle to her waist, leaving her entire font exposed. \" Mace?\" \" Hmmm?\" \" Why is my top torn?\" \" Oh, um…\" Now Mace blushed. \"Searle had to use the shock paddles on you, and we had to cut through the jumpsuit so-\" \" I think,\" Searle interrupted as he placed a blanket around Cassie, \"its time we get Miss Cassidy to the med center. She needs a blood transfusion, the sooner the better. Stay put and I'll bring the gurney\" Searle began, but Mace cut in. \"No need, the situation is well in hand.\" And, so stating, he quickly wrapped the blanket around Cassie's torso and swung her into his arms. \"I'll take you myself. After all, you are my partner for the day.\" Cassie nodded. \"I do owe you now, for the whole rescue thing, I mean. I'm don't know what might have happened if you hadn't dislodged my hand. Besides, I've got something else to occupy me for now.\" \" Such as?\" Mace queried as he carried her to the med center. Cassie gave him a small smile. \"I was wondering if I could get that beer now?\" Squinting in the dim light, Mace sat up in his bunk as he examined the clock on the wall. Only 5:48? After such a vivid recollection of the failed dive, of Cassie laying so still by the pool, Mace wasn't sure he wanted to go back to sleep, not after experiencing the pain of almost losing Cassie for a second time. Might as well get up he thought, make the most of another tedium-filled day. Pulling on a shirt, Mace headed to the galley. A/N: Thanks for reading everyone! Chapter 4 to be posted soon(er)! ;-)[Chapter 4] A/N: Thanks to everyone who has left me kind words and reviews over the last several weeks. I know this update is terribly late, even though it has been written and finished for nearly three weeks. I tend to leave my stoies alone after I write them, always neglecting to post them! Also I've been trying to navigate the problems of just having one computer in my house to use- Our family's wireless router has broken down, and since we have only 1 hardlink in the house, it makes the other 2 computers in the house useless...ggrrrr...Still, I had to admit I have no excuses for the lateness of this chapter. I know I always promises to make quick updates, and then fall behind. A profound mea culpa to you all. I've tried to heighten the emotional attachment that is growing between Mace and Cassie, I only hope it hasn't come off as too syrupy. Your reviews of course will be sure to inform me if they are ;-) Heading out towards the kitchen and the common area, he could faintly discern the sounds of muffled footsteps, the clink and clatter of plate ware being moved about. Strange , Mace reflected , for rarely did anyone exit from his or her rooms a full 2 hours before Icarus II 's morning cycle switched on. Despite the usual deference to the unspoken rule however, the sounds grew louder as Mace found his way towards the kitchen area \"Icarus, lights.\" \"Yes Mace.\" With a sharp click, the ship's computer registered his voice, and the halogen lights burst onto high, forcing Mace to squint in the sudden brightness. And there, looking for all the world like a deer caught in the headlights was Cassie, bent over the sink, a bowl in her hand, a puzzled expression to match that of Mace's as the light illuminated the room. She waved her free hand. \"Good morning.\" \"Is it?\" Mace yawned. \"I couldn't sleep. I didn't think anyone else would be up this early.\" Cassie shook her head. \"I had a pretty restless night. I only got up about twenty minutes before you did.\" \"Bad dreams?\" She considered briefly, nearly responding in the affirmative before shaking her head. No need to give Mace fuel with which to pry into her private affairs. Once you would have told him everything , she silently chided herself. \"Just Kaneda's cooking from last night. Wouldn't let me sleep.\" She smiled, knowing the pathetic attempt at levity would not really distract Mace, but he smiled back conspiratorially. He knew she was lying and of course, he did not pursue her for a straight answer. He had given up trying to communicate evenly with her, even before the mission had begun. \"I was going to go ahead and get my exercise in before the morning cycle switched on.\" Cassie cleared her throat, as if by some miracle the motion might break up the tension that had swept through the room the moment Mace had entered. How odd, that once she might have told him anything, have done anything for him, had given herself to him, mind body and soul; now there seemed little room between the tension of their daily interactions with which to practice their friendship. \"Well, I won't hold you up, not if you've got that to get on with…\" Mace drew away. \"Oh, but maybe you'd like to join me?\" Cassie asked, amazed at her sudden boldness. The request sounded inane, even to her ears; after months of barely being able to hold a conversation with Mace, here she was inviting the man to share her intimate morning routine with her. Mace looked uncertain for a moment; Cassie suddenly expected him to simply turn around and march away. But Mace slowly smiled, and look her in the eyes. \"I'd like that. I'd like that a lot actually.\" A strange softness under her body. And something else, something heavy and warm in her lap. Cassie's eyes fluttered open. The lights of the program's medical wing shone down in her face. She looked around and became aware of her surroundings- she was reclining in a hospital bed. Someone had changed her into a clean hospital gown, and the heavy warm sensation on her lap was that of Mace, fast asleep, leaned over her stretched out form. Cassie sat up groggily, pushing at Mace's shoulder. \"Mace?\" \"Hhmmm?\" He came to slowly, pushing himself up on his elbows as he looked in Cassie's direction. His face brightened upon seeing her. \"You're awake.\" \"Now you are too. How long was I out for?\" \"Just an hour or so. You fell asleep when I was carrying you over here. When we got here Searle put you on a sedative,\" Mace gestured to the IV drip beside the bed \"Figured you needed it what with all the excitement.\" He paused to yawn before continuing. \"I don't think anyone noticed at the time, but you lost a lot of blood when you cut your hand on the machinery. We're lucky you had on a compression suit during the dive; without the suit to control blood flow things could've been much worse. Searle went to go get a pack of O negative for a transfusion. The nurses already cleaned the cut, and Corazon's getting something for it from the greenhouse. And in the meantime…\" He passed Cassie a cup of juice, \"I'm supposed to have you finish this V8 before the nurses come back to check your vitals.\" Cassie took the proffered beverage, taking a sip of the spiced drink before swallowing hard. Her throat felt sore, and she could not guess if it was from the lack of air, which made no sense, or if- \"Mace did they have to intubate me after I fell asleep?\" He shook his head. \"Probably not, but Searle told the nurses not to take any chances. You were actually breathing pretty shallow after we resuscitated you so it was probably for the best anyway.\" Cassie took another swig of her juice. \"I don't get how the dive became so screwed up in the first place. I mean we were doing everything right, except for the behind schedule bit. And I still don't understand how my hand got lodged inside the shell of the comms tower.\" \"I think I figured it out. It was always going to be a tight fit just to fit the wiring lozenge inside the components of the tower, let alone someone's hand. And the gloves are the most form-fitting part of the spacesuit. Even when I kept trying to pull your hand out you kept getting pulled back, like something was stuck to the glove. When I realized you couldn't move your glove I realized the problem.\" Mae held up an elongated, rigid item, the golden color glittering under the glare of the lighting- the right glove piece to Cassie's spacesuit. Running down the length of the palm area was a long ragged opening where the knife had severed the plating, and above, positioned at the middle knuckle on the inside of the glove's ring finger, was a badly twisted and scraped golden scale. Cassie stared incredulously at the torn metal scale. \"The whole time I was stuck was because of that tiny little scale?\" \"Yeah. The space between your glove and the machinery inside was so tight I don't think we took into account the possibility that something so tiny would foul the whole exercise up. Look at the way the scales overlap,\" Mace drew a finger down the length of the scales. \"See how all they all come out from underneath each other starting at the fingertip? When you finished connecting the wiring lozenge you drew back your hand\" he pointed to the twisted middle scale \"and the edge of the scale snagged on the inside components of the comms tower. It was a mistake any of us could of made, and it was due more to the suit's design than anything you did. Kaneda already put in a request to the design team to revamp the construction of the glove's outer casing. We were lucky this happened in training though, not out in the middle of space.\" He met Cassie's eyes. 'If I hadn't been able to get you out I don't like thinking about what might have happened.\" \"Well,\" Cassie leaned over and took Mace's hand with her uninjured one, \"That's why I'm glad you were there.\" Mace said nothing for the moment, and then, hardly believing what she saw Cassie watched him gently pick up her injured hand and raise it to his lips, kissing it softly. She felt flustered by the sudden display of tenderness, for it was unlike to Mace to show such bald emotion. The tension was thankfully short-lived, and Cassie was saved the trouble of making an awkward response by the sound of nearing footsteps, heralding Corazon and Searle's arrival. \"Looks like our sleeping Beauty finally woke up.\" Corazon teased as she walked in, a basket of leafy blossoms on one arm, an old-fashioned mortar and pestle in her hands; Searle carried a tray laden with what appeared to be needles, synthetic stitching wire, a syringe and a bottle of numbing solution. \"Feeling better, I hope?\" Searle inquired as he set the tray down by Cassie's side. Cassie nodded. \"Thanks to Mace, and you of course. What's that in the basket?\" she asked, gesturing towards Corazon. \"I picked some wild arrowroot flowers from the garden,\" Corazon said as she set the mortar on the bedside table. \"It's an old Indian remedy. In the olden days tribes would gather the arrowroot flowers from nearby streams and fields…\" Corazon paused to toss a handful of the blossoms into the mortar before she began grinding them with the pestle, \"After the flowers were ground they'd be applied to the wound and the enzymes in the plant would draw out the poison. I know the nurses already cleaned the cut, but you know how I feel about institutional medicine. No offense, Searle.\" \"None taken, Corrie.\" Searle muttered, his eyes on the syringe he was concentrating on filling. Corazon finished mashing the blossoms and set the mortar and pestle aside; Cassie noticed a faint bittersweet scent on the air drifting from the contents of the mortar. Mace reached over and took Cassie's hand, giving it the gentlest of squeezes before placing his thumbs on either side of the cut on Cassie's palm. \"The injury doesn't look too bad.\" Searle noted as he slid on a pair of glasses. \"It's deep, but its not very long. And the cut isn't jagged at all. I'm surprised you lost as much blood as you did, unless the cut punctured a minor artery. \" Mace cleared his throat. \"That's because I was the one who cut her hand. It was the only way I could sever the glove from the internal components. I didn't count on having to practically cut off Cassie's hand.\" \" It's really not that bad, Mace. Besides,\" Cassie grinned, \"at least I have a valid excuse to get out of training for a few days.\" She meant to go on, and assuage whatever else had battered Mace's conscience, but was silenced when Corazon moved towards her with the mortar full of arrowroot. \"Alright,\" Corazon muttered as she dipped her gloved fingers into the pulpy material, \"Mace, spread the cut open as wide as you can, and we'll put some of this in the wound.\" Cassie felt a sudden stinging sensation as Mace pulled at the flayed skin, but the pain was instantly replaced by a cooling sensation as Corazon spread the pulp into the cut. Searle leaned over Cassie with a dripping needle. \"I'll just give you a little local anesthetic for the pain, put a few stitches in, and we'll be good to go.\" Cassie winced as the needle of the syringe slid through the skin and felt Mace's hand squeeze her shoulder as Searle set the needle aside, the pain replaced by a slowly-spreading numbness through her palm. She hardly felt the surgical needle prick her hand as Searle began to set the stitches into the cut, but turned her head away, her eyes meeting Mace's. There was warmth in his eyes, and concern, and something else that Cassie dared not guess to name. A/N: Thank you all for reading, and for the many reviews. I hope to post Chapter 5 by the end of the week, and start living up my promises for quicker updates![Chapter 5] A.N.- Thanks to everyone who has left gracious and thoughtful complements and constructive criticism- I always appreciate both! I'm sorry I took so long to post this, even though it has hung out in the document manager for nearly three weeks...I'm terrible, I know! Cassie was not sure how long she had stood under the shower head, the flow of the water beating a steady and constant rhythm against her back as Cassie stood silently in the shower stall. As with everything else aboard Icarus II , the single bathroom unit that was shared amongst the eight crewmembers had been designed with efficiency and utilitarian value in mind. Within the small space were two showers, two sinks, two lavatories, and enough space to hold the meager effects and supplies which were required of those when attending to their daily toilet. Still Cassie was grateful for the space, for at least it afforded her a small measure of privacy, a luxury that was sparser than all others aboard Icarus . Cassie could not say what it was that had prompted her to invite Mace to join her in Pilates, yet she was grateful that he had accepted the invitation without question, and the workout had proceeded quietly and without tension, for the most part. She had not dared to voice what she noticed at the end of the session, but she had felt his eyes on hers, had felt Mace watching her as she had lain still on her mat while she basked in the light of the sun beyond. He had seemed eager to ask her something, yet he had barely kept himself in check. Worse yet, Cassie knew with dead certainty that all he wanted to know was why she has broken off their relationship so many months ago, before the launch. She had told herself it was for the best, that burdening Mace with the knowledge that she had once, albeit briefly, been carrying his child would only cause them grief and sorrow, let alone the possibility of their participation in the Icarus mission being terminated completely. With that hanging over her, she had broken off their relationship with hardly a real excuse, leaving Mace bitter and unfulfilled and her own self full of self-loathing. And yet, despite every reason Mace had to lash out at her, he had treated her with nothing but respect and kindness throughout the mission, even if the longing and pain she often saw in his eyes belied much deeper emotion. But even this morning Cassie had felt those eyes upon her, and she knew that their days of uneasy peace were coming to a close. Mace was the sort to follow through on the things he felt most important, and there would be a day soon, quite soon, when he would finally ask her for the truth. And, God help her, she would tell him everything. Dissatisfied with but resigned to the outcome she saw in her head, Cassie stepped out from under the spray of water, shutting off the showerhead and reaching for her towel. The digital clock beyond the partition read out 6:55 in its soft green phosphorescence. The rest of Icarus ' crew would soon be up and about if they were not already. Better to savor the last of her few minutes alone. Better to- \"Cassie?\" \"Mace?\" \"What? No, Capa.\" As if on cue, Capa's skinny outline appeared on the opposite side of the partition. He paused to yawn, running his fingers through his hair absentmindedly. \"Why did you think I was Mace?\" \"Oh, well,\" Cassie muttered, more to herself than Capa, \"he was already up. We were doing Pilates together before the morning cycle. I think he wandered off somewhere while I was showering. Can you toss me my bathrobe?\" \"Here,\" Capa tossed Cassie's robe over into her stall. \"Yeah, I saw Mace heading off to the exercise room, probably to burn off some steam. He looked a little pissed about something.\" \"I'm sure I wouldn't know why.\" Cassie wrapped herself in her robe and stepped out of the shower. Capa was clad only in his sleeping pants, his skinny frame bent over the washbasin as he set to his morning shave. He paused midway through a stroke with his razor, a frown on his sharp features. \"Did you get up earlier in the night? I heard a lot of moving around last night.\" Cassie shook her head. \"I had a little trouble sleeping last night.\" \"I know the feeling.\" Capa sounded sympathetic. \"I feel like every time I shut my eyes lately I see something bad. Not for the mission or us, just bad stuff, somehow. It's all a bit vague.\" \"Like what?' \"Random things. Lots of shadows and clouds. And the sun. Always the sun. It gets a little closer every night. Someday I'll wakeup from being sucked into the atmosphere and Icarus will have already arrived at the payload delivery point.\" Capa shrugged. I don't know what it all means. Maybe I'm not supposed to.\" \"You could talk to Searle, see if he can give you something.\" Capa shook his head. \"I'd rather keep a clear head. And there are certainly worse things to dream about.\" Much, much worse , thought Cassie glumly. Like spending every night dreaming of the man who you used to love, the child you once carried, the life deferred in favor of risking your own for the future of mankind… She sighed, more to herself than Capa. Nevertheless, he picked up on her moment of sadness. He was not much for good jokes, that was really more the province of Mace or Harvey, but one thought occurred to him. \"Worse things to dream about…you could dream of number sequences like Trey. That's all he ever sees, you know.\" It wasn't much, but it was something. Cassie cracked a wan smile, ruffled her friend's hair briefly and stepped out of the small room. Capa grinned to himself, and went back to his shave. 8:30 A.M. The start of a fresh day. This one was the eighteenth of November, 2057. Of course, there was little reason to stick to a set schedule in space- the concept of twenty-four rotating and repeating hours on an Earth schedule simply didn't exist in deep space. Icarus II was a product of her creators, all of whom lived and worked by a schedule of three hundred sixty-five days in a year, twenty-four hours in a day, and sixty minutes in a hour. Such knowledge, combined with the crew's daily work schedule was the only thing that kept Icarus on target and on track as it continued its long sojourn to the sun, traveling further and further each day. This knowledge had never particularly inspired Cassie, rather it served to underscore the fact that she and seven others were only the tiny cogs in a massive machine built with a single goal in mind: restart the sun. Theirs was a symbiotic relationship- live inside the giant craft, breath the recycled air, drink the recycled water, consume the harvested produce. In return, they were granted life inside the belly of a steel and titanium-plated leviathan as it swam through the vast emptiness of space. Hopping into the pilot's seat at the head of the control room, Cassie flicked the few switches and toggles needed to bring Icarus up from her sleep cycle. Punching in a few commands on the keyboard in front of her, her arm grazed an old paperback she had left at the station from the night before: a stained, battered copy of Anna Karinena . She snorted humorlessly to herself. The irony that she had been reading on the quintessential \"ruined woman\" novel of all Victorian literature while musing on her own recent altercations and history with Mace was not lost on her. Frowning, she tossed the novel behind her without a backwards glance. In front of her, the pilot's console came on with a low hum as Icarus booted up dozens of programs and protocols. \" Icarus Online.\" \"Morning, Icarus. I'm going to request transfer from computer control back to pilot control for the duration of the morning cycle.\" \" Yes Cassie.\" A viewscreen flashed in front of her, indicating the status change. \"Requesting pilot confirmation code.\" \"Cassie piloting officer, code zero-zero-zero-three.\" \" Affirmative, Cassie. Continue coordinates from last known request?\" \"Yes, maintain current heading along Trey's last plotted trajectory and maintain current speed. Maintain notification for any spatial anomalies or foreign particles.\" \" Okay Cassie.\" Cassie flicked a few switches, typed in a few last notes for the pilot's log on the screen in front of her, and then leaned back into her chair with a sigh. The daily ritual of resuming manual control of the ship, if she could even call it that, was of the few thrilling moments of training that she could actually exercise aboard the ship. Not that she expected any glitches or foul-ups, of course- the Icarus II had been designed to run perfectly with a minimum of human assistance. While it made all their duties aboard the vessel more important in their implementation, it also meant that mornings aboard the ship could be soul-crushingly dull. Finished with her latest novel, and knowing she had few remaining unread books in her kit bag, Cassie considered her options. She could opt to be professional and spend the next two-hundred and seventy minutes at the pilot's station, or she could opt to wander the ship and perhaps assist another crewmember. Let's scrap Mace from that list for the time being she thought sullenly. There had been a bit too much of him in her dreams and daily interactions of late to leave her completely at ease. In some ways, she always enjoyed the closeness- it meant that despite severing their relationship months ago, they had managed to maintain a modicum of mutual respect and friendliness. In other ways however such closeness invariably led back to the uncomfortable silences, awkward moment and lingering eyes that she dreaded. The decision was an easy one to make. Checking the coordinates one last time, Cassie logged off from the pilot's console and headed off to the payload. He drew himself from the water quickly, stepping up from the ledge of the pool mere seconds ahead of the man behind him, grinning to himself. \" Better luck next time, Harvey\" \" Yeah.\" Harvey nodded, climbing up from the pool, slicking his hair back from his face. \"Even I can't win all the time. Still, I don't think I'm going to get the gold for swimming laps anytime soon.\" Mace shook his head. \"Me either. But,\" he gestured out in front of them, \"at least we're a good 15 seconds ahead of everyone else.\" The sight before both men was of six fellow crewmembers struggling through the water, intent on finishing the last lap of their swimming sessions. As per the program mandated fitness program of the Icarus Project, Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays included thirty minutes of weights and of course, swimming in the center's pool at the athletic center that was adjacent to the labs and the neutral buoyancy tank. The tank where Cassie had nearly died. Mace did not like to think of that moment, if only because it served to underscore the day that the woman he was becoming increasingly close to had nearly been asphyxiated inside her suit. Still, here Cassie was, nearly a week later, in the pool with all the rest of them, floundering through the water as if she had never before nearly lost her life in a similar environment. He had to give Cassie credit. Bandaged hand and all, Cassie had still doggedly pursued the program's fitness regimen after only a day's absence. Today she was in the pool with all the rest, lagging a bit behind as she swam up the outermost left lane, but finishing the exercise nonetheless. \" Cassie's doing well.\" Harvey said, echoing Mace's thoughts. \"She might pass Trey if he doesn't pick up the pace. Hey, Trey, PICK UP THE PACE!!!\" In the lane right of Cassie's the swimming figure slowed, a hand momentarily emerging and cresting above the frothing water, the middle finger pointed heavenward. Harvey smirked. \"Not a very good show of sportsmanship, to say nothing of ruining a perfect stroke.\" Mace just grinned again, watching the rest of the crew reach the edge of he pool as they finished their laps. Of the remaining six, Kaneda finished next in third place. Capa and Corazon reached the water's edge at nearly the same moment, sharing fourth. Searle was next, and then right behind him came Trey and Cassie, paddling as quickly as they could down their respective lanes. They seemed to be swimming in tandem, matched stroke for stroke, and then, meters away from the water's edge, Trey gave one last surge, pushing himself to the lip of the pool ahead of Cassie by less than a stroke. She surfaced slowly, gasping for breath, slicking back from her face the wet chestnut strands made dark by the water. She glanced up at Mace. \"How'd I do?\" Mace checked the clock behind him. \"Pretty good- fifteen minutes, forty-seven seconds. Trey only beat you by a hair, and even then it was only luck.\" Cassie rolled up eyes. \"That and he doesn't have a handful of waterlogged cotton gauze obstructing his form with every stroke.\" She held up her bandaged hand as if to make a point. Mace shrugged \"At least it was close. And everyone finished under the eighteen-minute mark. Let me help me out.\" Cassie offered her uninjured hand to Mace, who quickly plucked her out of the pool as if she weighed nothing at all. But he was too forceful with the pull, and she was lifted clean out the water and towards him, her feet slipping on the wet tile, legs sliding out from under her, and Mace grabbed her arms, pulling her body to his, steadying her. \" Am I going to have to save you every time?\" Mace said, half-joking, half serious. Cassie smiled. \"If it has to be anyone, I'd prefer it be you. So far you've got a two and o track record. Pretty good.\" ' Happy to help out.\" He gave her a quick squeeze, noting how wonderful it felt to have the warmth of her body pressed against his. For her part, Cassie didn't seem to mind. She merely looked up at Mace, something unreadable in her dark brown eyes. Still she smiled and broke away from him, walking away to fetch a towel. Mace let his eyes follow her retreating form. God, even dripping wet she looked gorgeous, with her program-issued navy one-piece clinging in all the right parts as her petite body leaned over and collected towels from the table. She turned around, her gaze catching his, and Mace instantly looked away. \" Did I see the normally unflappable Mace blushing?\" Cassie asked, her voice light. \" I'll plead the fifth,\" Mace joked, knowing she had seen his eyes traveling her way. Cassie shook her head, and passed him a towel. \"I might let it slide.\" \" How's that?\" inquired Mace, toweling his body dry. Cassie smiled. \"I seem to recall you promised me a beer last week. I'm still waiting.\" Even with a long-sleeved shirt, sweater and toboggan, there was no getting past the oppressive cold that wafted from and was generated by the coolant tanks in the mainframe center of Icarus II . Amidst the myriad programs and machines that operated aboard Icarus, both seen and unseen, the mainframe system was one of comparative simplicity. Mace did not know or understand the complexities of the ship's programming systems- who could? Millions upon millions of gigahertz of information working in tandem to keep systems working- shields rotating, data processing, water recycling and so on. Mace did not understand such things, nor could anyone aboard Icarus comprehend such massive levels of data programming. What Mace could understand however was the mechanics of Icarus - the physical aspects, the cogs and gears, so to speak, of this leviathan. These were the things that were in his realm of knowledge and control. And so it was, wrapped up warm in his layers and sweaters and toboggan that the engineering officer found himself stretched out on the grating over the coolant tanks, skin pebbled with goose bumps from the chill as he worked with wrench and pliers on the mainframe boards. It was not a task Mace relished. In fact, the straightforwardness of the task at hand never failed to remind him that he was, in essence, sometimes little more than a glorified repairman. The current task was not hard, or even challenging- he had only to ensure that the hydraulic equipment that suspended the mainframe panels in their coolant gel was in working order. The affair was simple enough, to be sure, if not somewhat monotonous. He had already finished tightening the screws on each of the four central panels, and was only now finishing with the hydraulic joints. Mace inched forward slightly on his stomach, an electric scraper in his left hand, a pair of pliers in his right. High up on the upper left support rod of the nearest mainframe panel, ice crystals had solidified over the bottommost rigging and tubes. Left on its own, the device would rust and clog, the tubing solidifying, eventually rendering the hydraulics unusable. Simple enough to fix, of course. Scrape off the crystals, check the alignment of the support rod, and replace the piping tube for the hydraulic fluid. Mace inched out over the chill liquid. With a flick of his thumb the scraper turned on, removing the icy detritus. Now, to cut and remove the tubing... he reached out with the pliers... \"Mace?\" ...and promptly fumbled the tools, dropping them into the coolant gel below. \"Shit!\" He reacted without thinking, plunging his hands into the liquid, hissing from the sting of the cold. His hands found the tools slowly sinking in the coolant, drew them out the gel, and Mace watched as both his hands and the tools quickly frosted over as the gel came in contact with the air. The sound of a giggle made him look up from the injury- Corazon stood in front of him, a mug of tea in one hand, her features inscrutable save for the hint of a smile pulling at the edges of her lips. \"Think you could've given me some warning?\" Mace quipped dryly, gesturing with his now injured hands. \"I did try.\" Corazon stepped forward with the tea. \"You've been here for almost an hour. I'd thought you'd like something to warm you up. Of course,\" Corazon gestured to his hands, \"I don't suppose it matters now.\" He took the mug of tea, glanced at Corazon briefly, then poured the steaming liquid over his hands. The frozen gel dissolved immediately in a quick succession of crackles and pops. Corazon gave him a withering stare. \"You know that was the last of the orange blossom tea.\" Mace cast her a saucy smile. \"Good thing it came in handy.\" If Corazon had noted this most egregious and awful of puns, she said nothing. She silently picked up the now-empty mug, smiled ruefully at him, and tossed him a towel. He stood up, wiping his now tingling but defrosted hands. \"What else do we have left?\" \"Just the oolong, earl grey and berry blend. Although I won't be giving those out if you keep using tea as a defrosting agent.\" \"Then don't sneak up on me like that.\" Corazon nodded. \"Duly noted. Sorry about that.\" Mace shrugged. \"You know I'm just joshing you. Besides, I've dealt with worse.\" \"Just make sure you get Searle to take a look at your hands and get some lotion. If any of that coolant gets into your bloodstream you'll really be in trouble.\" \"I'm just about finished with the mainframes,\" said Mace. \"Just have to replace some tubing, and then I'll go find Searle.\" \"You do that.\" Corazon turned to leave, before turning back to Mace. \"Have you seen Cassie recently? I was going to bring her some tea too.\" He frowned. \"Not since this morning. I think she had something on her mind. She wasn't very chatty.\" \"She hasn't been lately, has she?\" Corazon wondered out loud. \" She didn't even say anything last night when she spilt her food all over your shirt. She seemed a little moody, in fact. Has she mentioned anything to you about that?\" Corrie if you haven't noticed she's been avoiding me since even before the mission started Mace thought bitterly. Instead he only shook his head. \"No. Cassie hasn't said much of anything lately.\" Corazon grimaced. \"I hope she's alright. It's not healthy, bottling up secrets like that. She has seven friends she could talk things out with.\" No , thought Mace sadly . Not seven. Just six. And the other one just wishes things could go back to the way they were. He noted suddenly that Corazon was staring at him with a nearly unreadable expression, and Mace wondered if she knew what he was thinking. That was the more unfortunate aspect of sharing a ship with seven others- few things, even one's thougts, could rarely be called one's own. Thankfully, Corazon said nothing, but gave him a brief pat on the shoulder before walking out the room. And then he was alone again, alone with his thoughts and memories of Cassie. Although Mace was not eager to be grilled by Searle, a trip to the med center seemed the wisest course of action. And even if Searle was not there, Mace suddenly thought of one other thing that might ameliorate the heartache and the angst. He wondered, briefly, when he has last used the Earth Room. A.N.- Thanks for reading everyone- I hope you enjoy it. I thought since I had Mace bouncing a conversation off of Corazon, Cassie needed a one-on-one with another crewmember as well, so we've got her learning chess with Capa in my next chapter! ","Summary":" Afternall the years of training, all the years of preparation for thenjourney to the sun, there wer"},{"Movie":"Ghost Rider","Title":"Ghost Rider - In the flesh","Author":"EarthCat","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10346371","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ghost Rider - In the flesh The evening light of the waning sun bathed the faces of the two dark-skinned people in rosy glow , when they came out of the village church. The old lady took the little girl by the hand and led her , as they set out for home. The last daylight accompanied them, until they reached the edge of town. The houses stood black and menacing against the night sky and between the streets a few hissing cats chased each other. The old lady hesitated. It was not her usual route, but the church had came to an end later than usual and so she had to take the abbreviation through this hood . It was one of the poorer areas of the city , one that a child and an old woman should not enter alone. However, the Little One began to be fretful and the way around the neighborhood would have taken too much time. For a while she stood in the night coolness hesitating and considered- She should had thought about it before, which way she would be coming home again . \" ... Sorry! \" Cried a friendly voice behind them. The old lady turned around. A young man closed up to them. \"Excuse me, that I mug you like that, but I need to get to the Kensington Drive. It is so scary alone. Could I accompany you just a little perhaps, please? \" The woman was for a moment uncertain whether she should say yes , but it was a good solution. When the young man wanted to rob them, that he might as well do it as another one. And if he did not want to do that, they would have a good accompaniment. \" That's good . \" She replied, \"I need to get to the Kensington Drive too. Come. \" The young man smiled and strolled along beside them, his hands thrust in his pockets . Nothing happened , except that the darkness and the silence strained the nerves of the old nanny . But they happy and unmolested reached the Kensington Drive, where everything was brightly lit. A well-maintained road stretched before them, new, black tar lined with friendly family row houses, pretty hibiscus bushes and beech trees grew up on neatly trimmed green stripes , subtly lit by the outside lights at the front doors. \"Just a moment , please. \" The young man asked politely and stopped. He reached into his pocket and pulled out a marble . \"Here, little one.\" He said smiling and held the small glass ball towards the child. The girls reached out with shining eyes and smiled. When her fingers touched the marble, coldness shot like lightning up her arm. Startled she let go again and started to cry heartbreakingly. The marble hit the floor clicking and vanished into thin air. No one noticed it. \"Oh, what is it?!\" The young man asked concerned. \"Ah, she´s just very tired already. I thank you for accompanying us. Good night. Come, Salome, we´ll go in...\" The old lady nodded at the young man and carried Salome to the door. The outside light went on automatically, but the light seemed to avoid the figure of the man, who still stand on the street, and who looked after the nanny and the infant smiling. It wasn´t a good smile.[Chapter 2] Skye woke up startled. Her sister was crying. Like every night around this time. Probably had to be brought to the toilet. Groaning, Skye buried her face back in her pillow. She wanted to sleep. When the howling had not stopped after five minutes, although the voices of their parents sounded from the other side, she got up sleepily and lumbered into the room of Salome. \"What is going on here?\" She growled tired. \"Can´t she now be quiet?\" \"Oh, she is sick.\"Her mother replied pitiful. \"Really hot forehead and ice-cold hands.\" Muttering Skye returned to her room. But the hubbub continued. Eventually, however, the noises suggested that their mother was going to take Salome to a doctor. Then there was silence. Skye fell asleep. The next day, however, seemed to have brought no improvement. Doctor Carter was present, one of the primary care physicians around. Skye's mother knelt beside the bed, her eyes were red and she seemed as if she had not come to rest all night. \"What's going on?\", The young woman asked with increasing restlessness. Her mother sobbed and her father put his arms around her. \"Your sister is very ill.\" The African said gloomily. \"What? Why, what's wrong with her?\" \"We do not know.\" \"For some reason her organs fail to work.\" Doctor Carter said regretfully. Skye's mouth fell open in horror. \"B-but you can help her, right?\" The doctor took off his gold-rimmed glasses and rubbed his nose. \"... I'm really very sorry.\" \"We'll find someone who can help her!\" Skye's father Joseph said to her mother. She sobbed again and nodded. \"I'm disconsolent.\" Sighed Carter. \"But the time this´d take is probably no longer left to you.\" \"W-w-what do you m-mean?\", Skye's mother managed to say, her face stone-grey. Carter suddenly looked much older than he actually was. \"... I ... give her ... less than 24 hours.\" The asphalt began to glow slightly as Zarathos stepped onto it and a faint whispering rustle ran through the leaves of the trees and shrubs all around, as if nature itself would welcome the angel of justice. It was chilly. Crickets chirped sporadically a lonely song. Zarathos put his head back to look at the stars, small diamonds in black velvet, and inhaled deeply the scent of the night through his skeletonized nostrils. If he had had lips, he would have smiled. His fire burned smoothly and evenly in bright blue, peaceful as his mind. He closed the door of the house, that Johnny, Nadya and Danny shared at the moment and walked relaxed over to his motorcycle, which welcomed him with a faint roar of the engine. With the elegance of years of practice he swung his leg on the wide saddle and kicked the starter. The enthusiastic roar of the engine shook the night. Flames blazed and marked the way the Ghost Rider had taken. Upstairs in the house Danny climbed back into the bed, from which he had fallen, as the Rider had mounted his vehicle in the courtyard below. \"Accursed bone head! That I'll never get used to!\" Chuntered the son of the devil and pulled the duvet up under his nose.[Chapter 3] Skye rushed out of the house. Blinded by tears, she stumbled into the garage, jumped on the motorcycle of her father started it. The engine roared loudly and the machine shot on the road bucking. After a moment, Skye got the bike under control and drove down the street, paying no attention to the way she took. Only when a low-hanging branch slapped her in the face on a bumpy road, she came to her senses, realized where she was after a moment. Just around the next corner was the cemetery. She turned the key, put the kickstand out with some effort and dismounted with shaky legs. The sunlight bathed the clean, pretty place with cruel beauty in golden shimmer. Hesitantly Skye crept between the grave stones until she arrived at the familiar, light gray stone, on which the names of her own ancestors were engraved. \"Joanne Slade\" was at the bottom. The name of her grandmother chocked Skye. Would soon the name of her sister be here? The young woman sank down on the grass and began to sob again. The pain was so intense that it seemed almost unreal. Skye cried until her eyes were red and her throat rough and she had no energy left. The grass fell towards her and caught her gently. For a while she lay still, of no clear thought capable. Then something soft touched her hand. She sat up and saw a small cat. The animal got purring on her lap and licked with warm, rough tongue her tears away. An unusually confiding animal. It took a moment, Skye until came to her senses. Then she pushed down the cat of herself and stood up. The animal did not bother about the ungentle handling but kept rubbing its flank at Skye's legs, purring loudly, until the young woman bent down and stroked it gently. \"What do you want?\" She asked softly. \"I can not give you any love. I'm sad, you know?\" The cat ran a few steps away, stopped, looked back at her and meowed softly. Skye sat up. As the animal meowed again, she followed it hesitantly. Again and again it stopped, looked over its shoulder and waited until Skye had approached. Then it finally disappeared through the doorway of a small chapel. \"Hey, wait! You can not go in there!\" But it could and the young woman followed her. Inside it was dark. Skye pulled out her cell phone and turned the screen brightness on full, so she could see a thing. The cat sat high on something that she could not accurately identify and stared at her with glowing green eyes. The young woman crept cautiously closer, careful not to trip and squinted to see anything. The animal sat on a coffin. The lid was ajar, pushed to the side. When Skye came closer, the cat reached into the gap with its paw. Skye pushed it to the side, shone in, and then brought a roll of paper to light. She hurried back to the entrance and read in the in-falling light what was written there. With each line with hre eyes went wider. Testament, stood there. Carter Slade. Ghost Rider. Mephistofeles. Contract. \"... Nonsense.\" She finally snorted and threw the roll back into the darkness. For a moment she stood still, thinking. \"Nonsense!\" She repeated louder and then strode angrily back to her motorcycle. Cursing to herself she mounted it and drove back home. Her mood had reached the darkest point. And her sister still hung in mortal danger. The rest of the day she spent praying. She called a priest, with whom she went through everything that could be helpful. She prayed rosaries, confessed, lit candles, droned the psalms, and ... and ... and ... But when evening fell, Salome's health status had degraded again drastically. Doctor Carter checked her pulse from time to time with a solemn expression. The pastor prayed with enervating voice and made the sign of the cross over Salome. To see that made Skye suddenly furious. She prayed here for her sister, put all her hope in God's hands, but what happened? Absolutely nothing! When DID God help one if you prayed at all? Never! God! If He existed, what Skye doubted gradually, then he didn´t give a tinker´s damn about what happened to Salome! Carter took the child's wrist again and shook his head gloomily. Tears shot in Skyes eyes. She jumped up, tore the cross that hung over the bed from the wall and hurled it angrily out the window. \"Bastard,\" she yelled after Jesus figure. \"Fuck off!\" Then she spun around again to the intoning priest who just picked a frond to sprinkle Salome with holy water. She yanked the fronds away, threw it behind her and hit the bucket with the holy water out of his hand, so that his cassock became completely soaked at the front. \"AAH!\" She shouted angrily. \"Out! Get lost! And take your sanctimonious God with you!\" And she said to her mother: \"She is NOT dead YET!\" And she stormed out of the house. Outside, she threw the head back and screamed with might and main: \"IF GOD WON´T HELP ME THEN HOW ABOUT THE DEVIL! ONE OF YOU GUYS HEAR ME?! I! WANT! HELP!\" She trailed off. Listened, breathed heavily, but all she heard was her own panting. Again the despair overcame her. On no one you could rely nowadays. Probably the devil had retired long ago. Skye narrowed her eyes tightly to keep from crying. She turned- and screamed in fright in a low voice. Before her stood a unknown man, and smiled at her. ","Summary":" Ghost Rider - In the flesh The evening light of the waning sun bathed the faces of the two dark-ski"},{"Movie":"Ghost Rider","Title":"Sister Dearest","Author":"KyraKuran","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9687653","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Black Heart if you do anything stupid, dad will kill you.\" I said, glaring at my older brother. \"He'll send out the Ghost Rider.\" \"He doesn't scare me.\" Black Heart said, grinning at me. I scoffed and stretched out on my black velvet couch. \"He should you idiot.\" I said. \"He's dad's greatest weapon.\" I look at my fingernails and slowly pick off the black polish. My white eyes witch my brother pace the room. \"Knock it off Black Heart, you are wearing my patience thin.\" I threatened. He rolled his eyes but stood still. \"Oh I'm sorry princess, I forgot how short of a temper you have.\" He mocked. I hissed before flipping him off. \"You are an ass.\" I growled as I got to my feet. I made my way towards him, grabbing his arm I lead him to my door. I opened it and then threw him out. \"But seriously, remember what I told you about Karma.\" \"Your words were: I remember Karma, she was a bitch.\" He said, grinning. I rolled my eyes scoffing. \"God, I can't believe you remember that! That was over a hundred years ago. But yes, my ex was a bitch.\" I said smirking. \"So devious.\" He muttered. I narrowed my eyes and grabbed his throat. \"If I remember right brother, you murdered her.\" I snarled. \"You remember correct.\" I bared my teeth, my elongated incisors showing. \"That's the reason I hope the Rider gets you.\" I said smirking. Black Heart smiled down at me before moving a piece of my fire red hair out of the way. \"Oh Yvaine, always dad's favorite, so behaved, so loved.\" He dug his nails into my skull, drawing blood. \"Ass, you're loved too, you know that? Dad may not love you, but I do, way down deep in decaying heart.\" I dug my nails into his wrist, peeling his hand away from me. \"now, go cause chaos. That's what dad should have named you.\" He let go and walked down the hall, vanishing as he left for the surface. I shut my door adn made my way back into my room. I lay back down on the couch and stared at the ceiling. I stayed that way for a few hours. I heard a steady knock at my door and swung my hand, Dad stood at eh door way. \"Impressive, you've been practicing.\" He commented. I rolled my eyes and stared at him. \"Is there a reason you are here? You never made house calls, not unless you want something.\" I said, motioning him inot my room. He took a step in and stayed there. \"I need you to watch after your brother.\" He commanded, his gloved hand pointing at me. He grinned as I rolled my eyes. \"I do that everyday. Today is vacation, call me tomorrow.\" I said. I motioned for him to leave and stepped back out. \"You will be with him tomorrow.\" Mephistopheles demanded. I snarled at my father before slamming the door. I shut off the lights and crawled inot my satin bed, relishing the coolness. \"Who knows, I may just like up there.\" I mutter, closing my eyes and letting the darkness take hold.[Chapter 2] \"Hey cupcake, you a biker?\" Asked one of the men outside. I glanced at him before answering. \"I didn't realize I had to be a biker to order a beer.\" I smirked when he had no comeback. \"If it's all the same though, I do ride occasionally.\" I winked at him before making my way into the bar. I sat at the counter and pulled off my satin gloves. \"Can I get a shot of Vodka?\" I asked the bartender. He nodded before pouring my drink. I caught it and downed the entire shot. I let out a content sigh before closing my eyes. \"It must've hurt when you fell from heaven.\" I looked at the guy who was attempting to flirt with me. \"You think I'm an angel?\" I questioned, smiling at him. \"Yes I do.\" I leaned forward and cupped his cheek. \"Sorry to disappoint, but I dug my way here.\" I said shoving him back. I heard a commotion outside and I smirked before looking at the guy now on the floor. I hopped off my chair and knelt down next to him, placing my hand on his chest. He gasped as his blood started boiling. I heard a few people scream and the loud stomping of my brothers feet. \"How nice of you to join me.\" He commented smirking. I looked up from the man slowly melting and smiled. \"Dad told me to babysit you.\" The smirk fell off his face and he growled. \"What, you think I want to be here?\" I asked, glaring at my brother. My eyes fell back the puddle of man and I let out a sigh. So much for letting out my frustrations. I grabbed a hold of a man running by me and smirked at the terror in his eyes. \"Please, I didn't do anything!\" He pleaded. I moved to I was right next to his ear. \"Wanna know the best thing about being from Hell? I get to see the sins of every poor bastard I come across and punish then accordingly. That and I can kill just to blow off some steam.\" I drug my black painted naild down his chest, cutting in and letting the boiling blood escape. \"You really do like torturing your kills don't you?\" Black Heart asked, smiling at me. I let out a booming laugh before turning to him. \"Of course, if they're murders and rapists.\" My voice leaked disgust and I snarled. \"I may be evil, but harming the innocent isn't really my forte.\" He blinked and then grabbed me in a hug. \"Oh how I missed your kindness.\" He jested. I growled before biting him. He pushed me away and held his bleeding neck, moving his cruel black eyes to mine. \"Nevermind.\" He muttered. I smirked at him. \"Does it hurt?\" I question softly, giggling. A loud growl was what I got. \"Go suck a soul or something, you'll heal faster.\" I said. The sound of the waitress's breaths ceasing was his reply this time. I smiled charmingly at him as we walked to the entrance together. \"Full?\" He asked me. I grinned up at him, my white eyes filled with delight. \"Of course. Now, where are the elementals, I want to meet them.\" I say, picking at the tips of my nails. My brother chuckled, before calling them forward. I smiled at them. \"Wind, water, earth, fire.\" I said, glancing at them as I called their name. \"Nice, I was expecting less.\" \"Meet my pesky sister.\" Black Heart said. I slid my white eyes over him before sighing.[Chapter 3] \"So. You're Black Heart's sister?\" Abigor asked. My pale eyes moved to the wind element. \"The one and only sweet-cheeks.\" I said, winking at him. Black Heart growled and moved closer to me. \"You know, it's not like I'm gonna jump him or anything.\" I said, glaring at my brother. My brother grabbed my shoulder and started dragging me. \"Hey watch it, asshat.\" I said. \"We need to go surprise the rider.\" He said. \"Tonight is when he rises.\" His black eyes were filled with glee. \"And how do we know we can beat him?\" Wallow asked, his gurgled voice sending shivers down my spine. \"I have you four and this is his first night on the job.\" I gave up trying to fight out of my brothers grasp and just hung limp in his grasp, letting him pull me away. Trust me I will pay him back, sometime. \"I want no part of this.\" I said, looking around as he drug me around. \"Can I please walk?\" Brother's head turned and his black eyes caught my pale ones. \"Maybe. I'm expecting you to run when we challenge the Rider.\" I gave him a questioning look. \"What do you mean by that? I'm not a coward you dick.\" I growled. \"I mean it as I don't want you to get hurt. This is not your fight.\" I opened my mouth and closed it, not knowing how to respond to that. My first choice was to tell him he was going soft, but in reality, I would be telling him the same thing. I mean most older brothers are a pain in the ass, aren't they? But if it were a potentially dangerous fight, I would tell him to leave. \"Well aren't you nice.\" I said in a softer voice. My brother stopped and let go of my shoulder. I stood up and brushed my self off, careful of the fabric. It was then that my brother started walking again. \"So, what are you after? Dad wouldn't tell me, but the urgency in his voice told me it was important.\" \"I am going after the contract of San Van Ganza.\" My eyes widened and I turned to look at him. \"Are you serious!? Dad's been searching for over a hundred years for that! What makes you think you'll be able to find it?\" I asked, my voice going an octave higher. He face went into a smile/smirk. \"Because, according to my research, the rider who collected the souls, he's still alive.\" He said. \"Wait, hold up here. You, you did research?\" I asked. \"I didn't know you could read.\" I said. My brother gave me a withering look. \"So how do you know if the original is still alive?\" \"Normally when the person dies, their soul goes to a special part of hell. his wasn't in there.\" He said. \"Good point. So when are we getting to the ambush site?\" I asked, looking up at my brother. \"Soon little sister, soon.\" ","Summary":" \"Black Heart if you do anything stupid, dad will kill you.\" I said, glaring at my older brother. "},{"Movie":"Ghost Rider","Title":"The Ghost Rider's Girl","Author":"Murasaki Argenteria","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6205007","Passage":"[Chapter 1] IMPORTANT! PLEASE READ BEFORE YOU MOVE ON! Before Anyone Reads Anything, I would like to note that you should check out my Profile. But Since I'm sure none of you (or very few of you) are actually going to do that, I'm going to say everything here as well... Summarized/Said Differently. Ok, so, I know I said I was going to revise everything but I've been on hiatus for so long and people have actually asked for me to put everything up as it has been before. So to those that asked for that YES, That is exactly what I am going to do. However, because some of the revisions were a bit...radical...to say the least, I have decided to post EVERYTHING (at least for the ones that I have the originals for) exactly as they were before I started taking things down and revising. For some of the things, stories might make more sense or Omake's and things (Like Stuck's Theatre thing...which I will be taking down). On the other hand, because I will be doing this, I will NOT be posting the revisions on this account. I will do it on another account once I can get back into the swing of things. I am only doing this right now because I happen to have a bit of time to do so, and I have no assignments that absolutely need to be done right now . Please remember I am a college student/freshman that is trying to adjust to college life, so things may take a little while. However, I WILL NOT abandon the stories I have on this account. The revisions will simply be posted on another account which I will inform everyone of once I find/remember/create one. So please be patient for a while more, and thank you. That's really all I wanted to tell you guys, so enjoy the old stuff! (And yes, that means these won't be finished... at least, not on this account! I will, however, post a notice when I figure out my other account, so don't worry! You will be getting everything and more when I finally get to posting things again... OTL) Anyways, that should be everything (Wow, this is longer than what I posted on my profile...weird), so hopefully you can all still enjoy my old juvenile writing! - Murasaki Argenteria (04.25.2013)[Chapter 2] The Ghost Rider's Girl A Ghost Rider (Movie) Fanfiction by Murasaki KuroNeko Rei Summary : Johnny and Roxanne never got their happily ever after. Why? For one, Johnny was -and probably still is- the Ghost Rider. Secondly, Roxanne, sad to say, died. And of course, Johnny, being the Ghost Rider, could only grieve, for he himself could not die, since he bore (bears) the curse of the Ghost Rider... So what happens when Mephistopheles recruits a new, younger 'Rider'...? Why does Johnny feel like he knows her...? Could it be...? Was Roxanne reborn...? A/N : Just an idea so far that happened after I -finally- watched the Ghost Rider movie on teh tele. Lol. I wanted to get this out before I forgot, so... Here we go! Enjoy! And please R&R;! ^^ No, I don't own Ghost Rider, or there would be a sequel out right now (if there isn't already), and this would not be a fanfiction. /winks/ Well, as I said, Enjoy! And tell me what you think! ^^ Chapter 1: The Devil Returns... ...A cry is heard in the hospital, as the new mother and father look down at their first-born child. Their darling baby girl... \"What will we name her?\" says the husband quietly, a soft aura of happiness about him, as he watches his beloved wife with his child -their child. \"Mn... Isabella... I think we should name her Isabella,\" she says, a glow of happiness about her, as she looks up at the man she loves, torn between watching him, and her beautiful little girl... He smiled, \"Isabella... 'Beautiful'... I agree,\" he said, eyes warm as they watched the woman that was his wife gaze down lovingly at their child... Isabella... \"...Isabella Lilian Wayne!\" exclaimed a woman's voice from the plain house, on the plain block of the plain old neighborhood... \"...Yes...?\" answered a wary looking twelve or thirteen year old girl with mahogany brown hair, and deep bluish-gray eyes as she crossed the street from her friend's yard where she and her friend had been chattering about... 'things' under their maple tree in the front yard. \"It's time for dinner -but that's not all I want to talk about with you young lady!\" said the middle-aged onyx-haired woman as she called her daughter in. Isabella groaned, \"I knew it...\" she muttered, \"You never say my full name unless it's important,\" she grumbled, as they walked in... Her mother berated for her tone, and she sighed, muttering a 'yes, yes' before going in as instructed... Meanwhile, out in the shadows, a certain man watched with glowing yellow eyes, \"Found you, dear~\" Little did any of them know, their lives would change forever that night... Fire surrounded her, and yet she was still cold. People screamed, and more ice seemed to enter her veins... Ah, it was her... She was the one screaming... She heard more screams, definitely not her own this time... \"Mom...? Dad...!\" she called, only screams answered her. A figure loomed behind her, and she whirled, \"Wh-Who are you...?\" she gasped, as a man walked out of the fire. \"Dear me, it seems you have a little problem... And to think, things would have gone so well,\" the man said, looking around, and ignoring her. \"Who are you?\" she exclaimed, backing away, but stopped, wincing, as fire licked her back. \"Why dear, I am...\" he started, grinning at the girl... \"The One and Only Devil...\" Izzy gasped, waking up from her dream, shaking. \"...Izabel...? You awake yet?\" came a muffled voice from the door along with a knock. \"Oh yeah! I'm up mom!\" she called, forcing herself to calm down. It was a dream... just.. a nightmare... she thought. \"Alright, well hurry up! You don't want to be late today of all days, do you?\" she asked. \"Sorry, be down soon, ma!\" she said, slipping out of bed. There was a muffled answer, then steps that went away from her room. She grabbed her necessities and went over to the bathroom... Half an hour later, she was fully dressed, as she made her way down to the kitchen. \"Mornin' Mom, Dad,\" she said, kissing each person on the cheek as she passed them, tying her hair up into a high ponytail. \"Morning everyone!\" exclaimed Renie, a cheerful twelve year old girl with the 'face of an angel'. \"Mornin' kiddo!\" \"Good morning, dear.\" \"Hey there, squirt!\" Isabella ruffled the hair of the pretentious girl. \"Hey -Izzy! Stop that! My hair!\" she exclaimed. 'Izzy' just grinned, \"Oh? And here I thought you were going to say you weren't a squirt,\" she teased, pouring a glass of milk for herself, \"Orange juice?\" she asked. \"I was! And I'm not!\" she pouted, \"Yes please,\" she paused momentarily to say that before pouting again. They all laughed, \"Aw~ I'm gonna miss you, Renee,\" she said, smiling softly at the girl. Ren wavered, \"Mn... Aw~~ I'm gonna miss you too, Iz,\" she said, hugging her sister. Their father chuckled, \"Come on now, girls, eat your breakfast. Your sister's got a long way to drive to get to school,\" he pointed out. Renie pouted, \"Aw~ Hey, Izzy! When I'm old enough to move out, can I move in with you?\" she asked, as she hopped over to the breakfast table, obeying their father. Izzy grinned, \"You sure you can put up with me when you do?\" she asked. \"Of course! So promise?\" she asked, looking overly hopeful. Their parents exchanged a glance, girls... Izzy sighed, looking doubtful for a moment, \"Hmn... I don't know...\" she said, pretending to look unsure. \"Izzy!\" the girl whined, before said woman laughed. \"Of course, squirt! It's a promise!\" she said. \"Cool~! I'll take you up on that in a few years then!\" Renee grinned. \"No doubt,\" agreed Izzy. \"Come on now, girls -Lucian, are you-?\" \"Yes, of course, honey. I'll make sure Isabella doesn't get lost on the way,\" he said teasingly. \"Dad~!\" groaned Izzy, \"I told you not to call me that!\" she said, pouting as they all sat down (well, those that hadn't yet). \"What? Isabella's a perfectly good name!\" said Lucian. \"Mom, please!\" she said, looking to her mother for help. \"Don't look at me! I was the one who named you!\" she reminded her, \"Unless you prefer Lilian?\" she raised a brow -and a fork. Izzy groaned, as Renee giggled, \"Don't worry, Izzy! I'll never call you Isabella! ..Well, unless-\" \"Yes, yes, I get it,\" she said, smiling, \"Thanks Renie~\" \"Oh dear, look at the time -you better hurry girls! Renie, you've still got summer camp, and Isabella,\" their mother's look softened, Izzy... Have a safe trip, ok?\" she said. Izabel smiled, \"Of course mom! I'll call as soon as I get there,\" she promised. \"That's my girl. Now hurry up everyone! We don't want to be late!\" she exclaimed. \"Ma'am yes ma'am!\" they all said at once, just for old time's sake. \"Oh... you guys!\" she put her hands on her waist, trying -and failing- to look stern. \"Come on now, Alison, you know this'll be the last time in a while,\" said Lucian. Alison sighed, \"Alright, but hurry up now! I wasn't kidding about the time!\" she exclaimed, getting up to put done dishes in the sink... In the end, they split up a little later than usual, what with the 'waterworks' and tearful goodbyes... Renie changed her mind and wanted her sister to stay home after all... But in the end, they still parted... Only the thought that she would be back on holidays and the like cheered her up, as well as the prospect of 'souvenirs'. So it was now, that a nineteen year old Isabella Lilian Wayne drove down the road in a van packed with her things. Her mother was driving her younger sister to summer camp, and her father was driving to work in his own car, so Izabel, as she preferred to be called, or Izzy, drove to the place she would be staying in during College by herself... But little did she realize... her fate, having already taken a drastic turn since 'that' incident, would change even further... \"OH MY GAWD!\" she exclaimed, slamming on the brakes as a man suddenly appeared in the middle of the road. The car swerved dangerously, but luckily stopped just off the road, and came to a halt. She hurriedly got out of the car, \"Oh my gosh, are you alright?\" she exclaimed, but stopped, when she saw the man, \"You-\" she gasped. It was the man from her dream... or rather, nightmare... One that she hadn't had since she was a child. \"Yes, me,\" he said rather amiably. He was a stately middle-aged man with a sort of walker/cane type thing, though it looked elegant on him. \"But you- what- how?\" she gasped. \"It was all real, dear Isabella,\" he said, as her instincts kicked in. \"Don't call me Isabella,\" she snapped. \"Oh yes, that's right. 'Izabel' or 'Izzy' now right?\" he said rather amusedly. \"That's all quite fine, Izabel, but I do find that Isabella is such a beautiful name, if you know what I mean,\" he said, making polite conversation that she was in no mood for. \"What do you want?\" she snapped irritably. \"What do I want?\" he asked, smiling genially at her, \"Why, to collect on that debt of course...\" A/N : Ok! End of the first Chapter! /cheers!/ XD I'm glad cuz that means I can start on the next~ By the way, I've been thinking of bringing Blackheart back into this~ But what do you all think? ^^ Should I? Or maybe not? If not now, then possibly in a sequel if it ever comes to that~ /LoLs/ ^^ Oh well. But if I do bring him in I want to know -should I make him a 'lover'? ^^ And if so, a girl or a guy? XD Or maybe both? A sadistic guy to chase him, as he gets interested in a certain girl...? /winks/ Well, we'll see. ttfn~! ^^ Oh, and please review~ They make the world go round~ XP Just so I know if anyone wants me to continue this story~ XD[Chapter 3] The Ghost Rider's Girl A Ghost Rider (Movie) Fanfiction by Murasaki KuroNeko Rei Summary : Johnny and Roxanne never got their happily ever after. Why? For one, Johnny was -and probably still is- the Ghost Rider. Secondly, Roxanne, sad to say, died. And of course, Johnny, being the Ghost Rider, could only grieve, for he himself could not die, since he bore (bears) the curse of the Ghost Rider... So what happens when Mephistopheles recruits a new, younger 'Rider'...? Why does Johnny feel like he knows her...? Could it be...? Was Roxanne reborn...? A/N : Don't own anyone but the Wayne's and this story idea! XD Oh, and any other OCs that may come along... D Chapter 2: In Which Rider Meets Rider... Kind of. It's been quite a few years since the Devil came to 'collect' a debt from Isabella Lilian Wayne. Now, she's a successful woman, and... for the most part, her life has been somewhat normal. But now, she bears a secret... \"Lily~ I can't find the curling iron!\" called Renee Lilith Wayne, younger sister of Isabella Lilian Wayne, who, by the way, is living with said elder sister. \"...Did you check the bathroom?\" Isabella 'Izabel/Izzy/Lily' Lilian Wayne called out, as she and her sister ran around getting ready to go out. Isabella, because she had work to do, and Renie, because she had to get ready for her college classes. Renie was now seventeen, and Izzy, being five and some years older than her sister, was almost twenty two, and so was just a little over the legal drinking age. \"No... found it!\" she exclaimed, running back out to say goodbye to her sister before she went to 'work' seeing as she usually left earlier. \"Oh? Where was it?\" asked Izzy with absent curiosity as she pulled out a stick of lipbalm and applied it to her soft pink lips. \"The kitchen,\" said Renie offhandedly, causing her sister the stare. \"The Kitchen ? Really, Renie?\" she asked, raising a brow. \"What? I must have forgotten it there yesterday -you know I woke up late and had to hurry!\" she said, pouting. Izabel sighed, \"Alright, alright, well, take care of yourself, and don't fail any classes~\" she teased. \"Hey! Just cause I'm not as smart as you!\" she stuck her tongue out childishly at her elder sibling, causing said sibling to grin. \"Yes, yes, we all can't be as perfect as moi,\" she said dryly, grabbing her keys, and dropping the chapstick back into her purse, high heels clicking across the hardwood floor. \"Hey! Oh, sis, mom and dad called yesterday,\" said Renee, suddenly remembering, \"They want you to call first chance. Sorry, you got back late, and looked so tired... Uhm... And... I forgot...\" she said sheepishly, looking down. Izzy sighed, and smiled, giving her sister a goodbye kiss on the cheek, \"Alright, alright. I'll call once I get to the airport -no parties while I'm gone!\" she warned. \"Hey! You're only going to be gone for a few days, how can I have a decent party?\" she asked, pouting. Izzy laughed her by now almost-black mahogany hair, which fell straight to her shoulders before they started to wave and curl at the very end, bobbing slightly as she turned, and raised a thin brow, \"It takes more than one night to party?\" she asked dryly. \"Aw, you don't trust me... I'm hurt,\" said Renie, faking a look of hurt, before grinning, \"Naw, it just takes more than one or two days to prepare -and a whole lotta moola,\" she said with a sincere look. Izzy rolled her eyes, \"Yes, yes, just don't destroy the 'house' while I'm gone,\" she said. Once again, Renie pouted, \"Meanie,\" before smiling and hugging her sister, and giving her a goodbye kiss on the cheek as well. \"See you in a few?\" \"A few,\" she agreed, \"Days.\" Renie grinned, \"No worries, even I can handle myself for a few days~\" she said, laughing. \"Good luck with work~\" she sang. \"Good luck with school~\" sang Izzy back, as she opened the door, \"And that cute guy you were talking to before,\" she said with a wink, before hastily shutting the door behind her to avoid an attack of curlers. \"Izzy!\" came the shriek not two seconds after her sister realized what she had been talking about. \"Love you too~!\" called Izzy as she chuckled, walking down the stairs towards the garage to get her car. But stopped when she felt a familiar chill, and a familiar voice. \"Having fun?\" asked Mephistopheles rather silkily. \"Was,\" she said, glaring at the man who had made a mess of her life. He smiled slightly, \"Well, dear, that was your idea, not mine, remember?\" he pointed out, \"Now, be a good girl, tomorrow night, in the city,\" he said, neither said anything about he knew about her little 'business trip', \"There are a few souls to be caught,\" he said airily, \"But other than that, go on and have fun. Indulge yourself,\" he said, his smiling widening slightly, \"I'm sure the next few days will be quite... \"Interesting -to say the least,\" he said, rather tauntingly. Izabel sighed, \"Right, work, souls, play. Got it,\" she said dryly, rolling her eyes, \"Any 'bad souls' in particular?\" she asked, raising a brow. Mephistopheles just smiled, \"Oh, I'm sure you'll see, dear Lilian, I'm sure you'll be able to figure it out when you get there,\" he said with a smile, before disappearing, just as suddenly as he'd come. She sighed, before adding a muttered, \"Don't call me Lilian,\" before getting into her car... It would be a long few days...she just knew it. Jonathan B. Laze (J: I think you can guess who this is) walked into the building. Of all the jobs he had to pick... A stupid office job, he thought a bit tiredly, going into the office. 'Fighting Crime' during the night, and working during the day to keep up appearances, and moving every once in a while, 'Jonny' tried not to think of the woman he had lost so many years ago now... He had truly loved Roxanne... And though being the Ghost Rider could be thrilling, it could take a lot out of him. And he was getting old... He may not have looked older than thirty on the outside, but he was getting old... Of course, until he beat Mephistopheles once and for all, he could never really rest... And who was to say that he would see Roxanne again anyways? After all, he had once made a deal with the devil... He wouldn't be surprised if he did end up in hell after all... Even with all that he was doing to 'atone'. 'Jonathan' walked into the office, \"You wanted to see me, sir?\" he asked the head of the building. \"Ah, Jonny... Jonathan,\" he said, standing up for long enough to motion for Johnny Blaze to take a seat, \"Sit, sit,\" he said. \"Uhm, ok...?\" he said, sitting down just as the other did. \"Now, you've been doing quite well, so I've decided to entrust with you something very, very important,\" he told the man. \"Er... yeah?\" \"Yes, very important -I want you to recruit this woman,\" he said, pushing a file over to the man before continuing on, \"into our agency. It's true that she is working for one of our partnered associates at the moment, but I'd like to have her working for us -and no, not just because she has a 'pretty face' as you might say,\" he added, when Jonny opened his mouth. He closed it, shrugging, it wasn't what he had been about to say, but... He looked through the file, a feeling of familiarity shooting through him, but he calmed down. This wasn't Roxanne, she looked similar, but this girl was... more... what? Well, in any case, though she might be almost up to par with Roxanne (in his mind) she wasn't her. His boss continued to ramble on, before ending and watching Jonny expectantly, \"... so what do you say?\" he asked. \"Uh... sure?\" he said, thinking about the pay... He would need the money... \"Wonderful! She arrives tonight, but you can see her tomorrow morning, or evening... whenever!\" he said, waving a hand. \"All the information is in the file, you can go now,\" he said, waving the man off with a bit of a 'shoo' motion. \"Ah, oh, right. Yes, of course,\" said Johnny, getting up, and nodding to the man, \"I'll get back to work then,\" he said. \"Oh no, you can take the rest of the day off -to 'prepare' if you know what I mean,\" he said slyly. Johnny blushed -oh wait, he could blush?- a bright pink-ish color. \"Er... right, of course,\" he said, nodding before escaping the office... The man wasn't bad, but... he could be a bit... you know. Lewd? Perverted? What was that other word...? Oh well. Johnny walked down the office, holding the file, and nodded to people as he passed, before leaving... He didn't want to deal with anyone today -and he might as well learn more about this lady, before actually meeting her... He didn't want to leave a bad impression after all. Besides, a little rest before his 'night job' sounded pretty good about now... Even though she was tired from the flight, she checked in, and got changed, knowing that she would have other 'work' to do that night... Isabella unpacked her things in the hotel, which was quite quick considering she hadn't brought all that much, anyways. Most of it was work related anyways. But before she got to work... A little dinner was sounding pretty good about now to her grumbling tummy... Plane fare really wasn't all the good for you, she thought with a frown, before grabbing her purse, and walking out again... Johnny Blaze, Ghost Rider, rode around the city, he was feeling pretty good right now, as he made his way, causing people to scamper and scatter, depending. As soon as his 'work' was finished here, he planned to move onto the next city. But a scream made him stop. It was a man's voice, and he frowned (if he could have, I mean, he's a skeleton for pete's sake!) revving his vehicle before making it turn and go towards the source of the scream... The Black Lily (Roses are so... predictable... .) stood in front of her 'prey'. \"Aw, I'm hurt... You're not scared of me, are you?\" she asked, her voice silky, and low, almost a purr, as her obsidian black hair had dark, almost black, purple streaks in it, that looked quite good, with what she wore. A Black leather 'cat-suit' only more... well, 'defined' one could say. It was a completely black suit. The top was more of a vest, with a collar that flared out, a large silver zipper was pulled up from the end to her collar bone, revealing just a enough skin but not really. It had sleeves that flared much like the collar, only they were disposable, and reached the end of her thumbs, while the collar, flared open from just a little above her breasts, and opened up towards her shoulders, the tips of the collar just touching, though it didn't reveal much. She also wore black gloved that went to her wrists. Her black leather pants flared as well, revealing shiny almost three-or-four inch black heels that went up to her calves. The pants were held together by a dark purple belt. Any metal on her 'suit' was silver, but that wasn't all, she wore a black leather mask with an imprint of a dark purple lily on the right side, her lips a shiny, cherry red, and her eyes... Her eyes were an almost inhuman crimson color that seemed to be brought out by the purple flower on her mask. One that just covered her eyes, much like the one that Robin (from batman) wears. And it was to this creature, leaning over a condemned criminal that Johnny Blaze found her. She held the man up by his throat, showing strength that was obviously not human, as she seemed to breath some sort of essence from the man's mouth, despite the fact that she was holding the man up with one hand, and their mouths were nowhere close to each other. Once done sucking out his soul -literally- she turned, a small, satisfied, cat-like smile on her features as she glanced over at the skeleton-man on the motorcycle. \"Who are you...?\" asked Johnny, his voice almost grating, as always when he was 'Johnny Blaze'. Her smiled curled a little more, as she turned, revealing her cat-like pupils, \"Hmn, no whyever would I share that...?\" she said softly, almost a whisper that caressed him. He would have shivered were he not a flaming skeleton. Her voice was just a little husky, but it... Well, it was the type of voice that would make any man desire her -inhuman or no. \"However, no one ever told me that the Johnny Blaze would be in a city like this,\" she said, pursing her lips slightly, as she walked over, picking up something he hadn't noticed on the ground -a switchblade. She played with it a little, absently, as she watched him, \"But then again... I suppose you would be in a city like this,\" she drawled, walking around his ride slowly. Johnny didn't move, watching her from the corner of his flaming eye-holes. \"Fufu~ I wonder if this is what he meant by interesting...?\" she murmured, as if to herself. At last, Johnny moved, \"Who?\" he asked. She smiled, and laughed, \"Oh please, Johnny, don't tell me you don't know?\" she asked, \"Who else would there be to know who you are?\" she asked, raising a brow behind her mask. Johnny would have blinked it he could, before frowning, \"...Mephistopheles...?\" he murmured, or rather, growled. She smiled, \"Bingo~ You are a smart one, mister,\" she said, sneering slightly, yet still beautifully, before she stopped, right in front of him. Johnny growled, \"Why do you work for him?\" he asked, grabbing her by the throat as she had the 'poor man' from before. She just smiled, one hand touching the skeletal hand, making the flames blue, but didn't answer... \"Look into my eyes...\" he growled, staring at her. She looked, and smiled, \"Oh, Johnny, Johnny, Johnny,\" she tsked, \"You really think that will work? I've done nothing wrong,\" she said confidently, easily looking into his eyes, \"And yes, I do have a soul, Johnny, why don't you take a gander?\" she asked, as Johnny growled and set her down. \"You 'ate' that soul just now,\" he said, a bad soul like that... why wasn't his power working, he thought, getting frustrated. She smiled, \"No, I 'collected' it,\" she said, \"Just now, that was his life essence,\" she told him, no a single scratch on her, as if he had not tried to choke her. \"The soul... well, it's already on its way to hell,\" she said, before turning. \"I'm just like you Johnny,\" she called, before reaching into her shirt, \"I'm just different from you,\" she said softly, knowing he could still hear, \"Oh so different~\" she said, pulling out what looked like a whip, and cracked it, thorns appearing on the whip as she did, before she disappeared. \"You can't kill me Johnny...\" her voice resounded in the night air, \"We're just too similar,\" was the last message she left, \"See you 'round, Mr. Blaze...\" \"Ugh...\" Izabel scowled, groaning as she got up. She felt like shit ! She grumbled, getting up off her bed, before she went to the bathroom. She always felt like shit the morning after a night as the 'Black Lily'. The name was quite suitable in her mind, considering that Black Lilies were known for obscurity and lies... Thinking about the symbolism of it all, she couldn't help but wish that she really shouldn't have taken the class during freshman year, as she brushed her teeth. \"Have fun?\" a certain voice startled her, making her jump, and curse, as she dropped the toothbrush. \"Damn you, Mephistopheles -couldn't you have waited until after I was done?\" she muttered, bending to pick up the brush, and rinse it off, before rinsing her mouth out. Said demon only looked amused, \"Such a pretty lady really shouldn't curse,\" he teased, \"Besides, I live in hell, what else can you do?\" he asked, earning a round of not-so-nice answers... Some of which would be very, very, very painful for a human, though they were unlikely to live through the first few that she mentioned. He chuckled, \"Quite imaginitive,\" he drawled, as he watched her leave the bathroom, drying her face. \"So? What do you want? I got you your souls, didn't I?\" she asked, falling back onto the couch with a sigh, as Mephistopheles appeared in front of her, sitting on the couch across from her. He smiled, \"You weren't listening eh? That's fine. So, did you have fun?\" he asked. \"If you mean nearly dying after I got that soul, and the killer headache I get everytime I wake up from doing that, then yes, yes I did,\" she said sarcastically, drinking a cup of coffee that she had brewed the night before, before she had 'changed' into the Black Lily. Mephistopheles just smiled indulgently, as if he were a doting uncle of some sort. \"Really? It wasn't interesting at all?\" he asked. \"...I saw the Ghost Rider,\" she said after a long silence, glancing at him before looking away. \"Ah...\" was all he said at the moment, though inside, he was probably raging at said Rider. \"And?\" \"And what? It was the classic 'you try to kill me, I get away unscathed, then leave in mystery' sort of thing,\" she said, shrugging as if that sort of thing happened all the time. Her hair was already back to its normal mahogany shade, and her eyes were grey once more. \"And now, if you'll excuse me, I have to get ready for work,\" she said with a sigh, getting up, before noticing he had gone while she was thinking. Bastard, she thought, didn't even say goodbye... She scowled at the black lily that had been left on the table. How she hated that demon at times... No, make that all the time... A/N : Whoot! Longest chapter so far! XD I promised a longer chapter didn't I? XD Oh, wait... no? :P Well, in that case... yay! Long chapter! XD It ended up being longer than I thought, but I think it met the title requirements~ X3 Next chapter: Johnny and Isabella meet face to face... for the 'first time'. D[Chapter 4] The Ghost Rider's Girl A Ghost Rider (Movie) Fanfiction by Murasaki KuroNeko Rei Summary : Johnny and Roxanne never got their happily ever after. Why? For one, Johnny was -and probably still is- the Ghost Rider. Secondly, Roxanne, sad to say, died. And of course, Johnny, being the Ghost Rider, could only grieve, for he himself could not die, since he bore (bears) the curse of the Ghost Rider... So what happens when Mephistopheles recruits a new, younger 'Rider'...? Why does Johnny feel like he knows her...? Could it be...? Was Roxanne reborn...? Disclaimer : Don't own anyone but the Wayne's and this story idea! XD Oh, and any other OCs that may come along... =D Chapter 3: Blackheart Returns... Johnny had been unable to sleep that night. After the woman had disappeared, he had tried to find her, but to no avail. He found a few more 'husks' like before, but no actual leads... Oh... she was good, he had to admit it. And for some reason, she reminded him of someone, but he just couldn't figure out what... And so it was with a huge lack of sleep that 'Jonathan B. Laze' appeared at the office. \"Ooh... You don't look too good... Rough night?\" asked one of his 'associates'. \"I guess,\" he said with a sigh, \"I just hope this doesn't affect me too much,\" he muttered. The other man just laughed, and clapped his shoulder, before the elevator door opened, \"Well, I'm sure you'll do just fine~\" he said, before stepping out, \"See ya round, Laze,\" he said, before walking off to work. \"Uh-huh,\" was all he said as the elevator door closed. This would not be the first time that 'Jonny' went to work with dark circles under his eyes, but then, this wasn't the first time that he had to interact so much with a woman... Well, he would do what he could/had to and hope for the best, he thought, as the door opened again, and he got off... Stupid day-job... If only he didn't need to worry about a 'cover'... Izzy sighed, getting slightly impatient as the limo stalled a bit. Why in all hells would there be such heavy traffic in the morning? It wasn't even Monday! She thought irritably, as she went through her papers for the nth time, having had so much time to read over it... Well, at least she had gotten out early, which meant that she probably wouldn't be too late for the meeting... Stupid company... stupid job... she thought. Yes, she enjoyed her job at times, but it could get oh-so-annoying at times... Well, she thought with a sigh, at least it was only a few days, rather than a full week -or even two as it sometimes was... This was a total pain for her... It was bad enough that her life was as it was, but for this to happen as well -it just didn't tend to bode well for her... Tsk, stupid traffic -when would they start moving again...? The sleek black vehicle came to a smooth stop in front of one of the tallest buildings in the metropolis, just as a man wearing a rather casual suit came out of the plexi-glass doors. \"Ah, you must be Ms. Isabella Wayne!\" he said, seeming just a tad out of breath -as if he had run down several flight of stairs (which he probably had, she thought absently). \"Oh, yes,\" she said, blinking in surprise, \"I am Isabella Wayne -but please, call me Izzy,\" she said smiling, \"And, you are...?\" \"Er, oh, right! I'm Jonathan,\" he said, taking her outstretched hand in his own, \"Jon or Jonny for short,\" he said, \"It's a pleasure to meet you Ms. Wayne,\" he said, purposefully skirting around the topic of names. \"Not at all,\" she said with a professional smile, \"although, I was rather worried about the traffic,\" she said, looking ruefully at the sleek black limo that was already pulling away. \"Ah, yeah... Traffic can be a real pain around these parts,\" he admitted, \"Sorry you had to go through that on your first day,\" he said. \"Oh no,\" she said with another smile, as her mind kicked into business mode... \"It was quite alright...\" Yeah, right. Meanwhile, in the Wayne apartment, Renee Lilith Wayne practically danced as she listened to her music -which was blasted loud as usual. At the moment she was listening to 'Until the Day I Die' by Story of the Year. She hummed along under her breath, singing a few phrases as she danced around the kitchen, making lunch for herself. \"...\" she hummed as she chopped some lettuce for a salad, as well some tomatoes, and some others, before pulling out a bottle of salad dressing, nodding to the music that could be heard around the room blasting from the headphones around her neck. \"doodootdoodoot... dundundoodoot...\" she hummed, as she started cleaning up, the finished product of her labor sitting in a bowl on the marble counter. She didn't hear at first, when the doorbell rang, what with the music blasting so loud, but by the time it ended, whoever was at the door had been pressing the doorbell for... oh... A little over the minute? (Or two...) \"Coming~!\" she called hastily, turning the music off, as she dried her hands on a dish towel, before running silently to the door, and opened it. \"Wayne Residence~\" she answered, startling the adolescent-looking male standing before the door. He had been pressing the button furiously for a while now, and was startled when the door had opened at last. \"Ah, yes. Isabella Lilian Wayne?\" he asked, his voice silky smooth, and reminding the girl distinctly of a panther about to strike... Why, she had no idea. \"Nope, sorry. She's out right now,\" she told the guy -giving him a discreet once-over. He was actually pretty cute, she thought absently, still humming slightly under her breath unconsciously. \"O-oh... I... I see,\" he said, blinking. Well, that certainly threw his plans off kilter... Blackheart -otherwise known as Legion- scowled -mentally, of course, he didn't want to scare the girl off, he needed the information from her!- well, wasn't this just pleasant? He comes all the way up to the human lands to look for his father's (and he uses this term loosely - very loosely- now) latest 'pet project'. Of course, he was here for revenge, and he had been planning to turn his father's own 'pet' against him, but now that he was here, she was gone. It seemed that his plans never worked out... Just Great. \"And... just when will she be back?\" he asked pleasantly, barely suppressing a twitch as he smiled at the adolescent female teen before him. The brunette tilted her head slightly, studying him with a slightly pout-y frown as she seemed to think. \"...And why should I tell you?\" she asked, smiling 'innocently' at him, \"I mean, I don't know you -and no offense? I don't think Lily would appreciate me handing out info on a platter to a total stranger,\" she said rather sweetly. \"And she would have told me if anyone was coming by while she was gone -otherwise you would have known what to do before coming here if it was for work,\" she said, before he could even open his mouth. Of course, she didn't mention that anyone working with her would know that she was gone on work, so as not to add insult to injury (as she was sure she had caused the man). Pretentious little brat , he thought, seething a bit on the inside. \"I... see,\" he said, gritting his teeth, \"And who would you be, then?\" he asked rather 'pleasantly'... Yeah, right (-the look he was giving her was not pleasant at all...). Renie shuddered slightly -he had suddenly turned rather cold all of a sudden -in tone and appearance. And was it just her? Or had the temperature just dropped at least ten degrees or so...? \"I'm her sister, what of it?\" she asked, going on the defensive since she suddenly had this horrible feeling of foreboding... \"And just so you know, I'm closing the door now-\" she said, starting to shut the door before a hand stopped her, by holding the door, and keeping it in place. \"Oh, I'm afraid not,\" said the male -who she probably should have asked a name from, rather silkily as he smiled rather creepily at her, a slight growl entering his voice as he spoke. \"I may not have your sister -but you? Will be perfect as bait...\" he said, fang showing as he grinned, while his eyes started to glow with a dull crimson red color... Renie gasped, \"What the hell-?\" she started, before the world went black... Son of a bitch-! she started, as her vision grew fuzzy, and she started to fall forward in a faint. Lil's gonna be so pissed... she thought worriedly... Shit. A/N : Finally! Finished the chapter~! XD I know it's kind of short, but that was the best I could do! DX I had a brainblock stuck in place! -blames Muse- ( Muse : Hey! Me : Shut up! You never help me when I need you! Muse : Well why don't you try giving me a gender and an actual name that is NOT 'Anonymous/Nameless Muse'! D Me : I... I'm getting to that... . Muse : -snrk- Yeah, right... No name and gender for... what? Since you FINALLY figured out I existed and stopped trying to make one? Me : ...Shut up! -whacks over head with a really big Stick-thingie dubbed 'teh Wand of Sanity' Muse : -knocked out- .\") Bleh... Well, at least we know what'll (sort of) happen next... XD ","Summary":" IMPORTANT! PLEASE READ BEFORE YOU MOVE ON! Before Anyone Reads Anything, I would like to note that "},{"Movie":"Ghost Rider","Title":"Fire Born","Author":"world-behind-my-wall","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9274437","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It's said that the West was built on legends. Tall tales that help us make sense of things too great... ...or too terrifying to believe. This is the legend of the Ghost Rider. Story goes that every generation has one. Some damned soul, cursed to ride the earth... ...collecting on the devil's deals. Many years ago, a Ghost Rider was sent to the village of San Venganza... Many years ago, a Ghost Rider was sent to the village of San Venganza... ...to fetch a contract worth 1000 evil souls. But that contract was so powerful... ...he knew he could never let the devil get his hands on it. So he did what no Rider has ever done before: He outran the devil himself. The thing about legends is... ...sometimes they're true. Another part of the legend was never revealed. Kept hidden in the darkest crevices. Known only to he who bestowed the curse of the Ghost Rider. That part of the legend was not possible until now, and it begins in the most unlikely of places. 0 0 0 All around me there is fire. It licks at my skin but doesn't burn me, almost as if it is just dancing on the surface of it. The sight is mesmerizing yet terrifying all at once. I am standing in the middle of a barren wasteland in a rundown old town. The place is in ruins with oxidation long having stripped the buildings of any of its structural integrity. It is pitch black except for the flames that hug my body almost caressingly. I seem fixated on the flames that illuminate everything glowing intensely, marveling at how I should be dying, lying in the floor writhing in pain. Instead I'm as calm as ever. I'm wearing nothing but a closed long black coat, my feet bare and hair down. The wind playing with my red locks making them blow about gracefully as if mimicking the fire that consumes me. I feel an imposing presence walk up behind me. Strong masculine arms wrap around my waist and the aura of danger and power is rolling off of him in waves and yet I am unafraid. I gasp as he touches me yet keeps from burning. Bewildered I whirl around to face him and yet when I do, there is nothing. No one. Just a pair of captivating, mischievous, electric blue eyes disappearing my sight, almost as if he is taunting me, playing with me. Knowing those eyes will not leave my mind until I find him. \"GOOOOOD MORNIN' Louisiana! The temperature today will be in the mid...\" Smack! Feeling agitated and annoyed, I shut my alarm up by smashing my hand down on it. Every night it's the same dream. The same feelings, the same pair of hauntingly beautiful eyes that hold thinly veiled deviousness. It shouldn't bother me as much as it does but it always leaves me feeling anxious every time I wake up. \"Get up kenz! The wonderful world of high school awaits you\" I groan at my mom and her playfully sarcastic remark. \"I'm up, I'm up. Keep your granny panties on woman\" she smiles widely \"oh honey id never be caught dead with those on, never know when someone might wanna take em off\" she winks and I make a disgusted face \"ugh mom, seriously? Too much information!\" Walking into my bathroom I close the door but it does nothing to muffle her amused laughter. I smile through my morning routine, happy that I have the best mom ever. Leaving my naturally red hair down and adding eyeliner to frame my green eyes, I slip on black flat boots, dark wash skinny jeans, a band tee and grabbing a cardigan. Slipping some bracelets and a silver necklace with a skull on it I get my messenger bag full of books along with my phone and keys. Just like that I'm down and out the door knowing my mom left for work during my shower. Since I'm very close to making myself late I jump into my black '69 mustang and speed off. The road to school is so familiar I find myself driving there unconsciously going through the motions without having to put much thought behind them. Arriving I see mostly everyone has made their way into the building, only a few people still hanging around the front steps. Gathering my things I run out of my car locking it. When I make my way up the steps something off to the side shrouded in darkness from the small patch of woods that begins just at the outskirts of the main building catches my eye. Stopping in my tracks I snap my head in that direction, I get a glimpse of a black clad figure and a shocking blue that penetrates through the darkness. I blink to clear my eyes but when I rapidly open them again there is nothing. I am officially going certifiably insane. God what is wrong with me, I really need to either start sleeping better or going out more cause this is ridiculous. Rrrriiiiiinnnnnggggg! The shrill sound of the bell snaps me out of my thoughts. All memory of my musings just a second before is erased or at least put aside as I barrel through the halls attempting to avoid a speech from my homeroom teacher about tardiness and responsibility.[Chapter 2] School is so unbearably tedious, I somehow feel dumber after the hours of monotone lessons and the in-crowds demonstrations of love for me. It's so childish that it has long ago stopped bothering me. I learned that no matter what, they will always find a way to ridicule you just for the sake of making themselves feel powerful by lowering others. If I got a tan on my smooth ivory skin, they'd call me a fake. If I died my naturally red hair to a more conventional color, they'd find some way to insult it. If I wore contacts to darken or change my bright green eyes, they'd say they were right in thinking not even I could stand to look at my \"dull neon green highlighter colored eyes\" as they affectionately deemed them. The trick is to just accept yourself and then what people think won't matter. Fortunately, god gifted me with the two best friends in the world. Unfortunately, they both managed to not attend school today. Figures. Pulling up to my house I cut the engine and hop out of the car, running up the porch steps of our two story southern country style home, with a wraparound porch. Beautifully manicured green lawn with a flower garden that my mother slaves over every chance she gets. The paint an immaculate white with greyish blue shutters on the big windows and a sturdy glossed wood door. I throw myself into a chair in the little porch sitting area consisting of two wicker rocking chairs and a matching coach. A small table in the middle of the same color as the window shutters, plants adorning the space making it feel relaxed and comfy. There I quietly wait for my mom to get home, lazily rocking myself and humming under my breath. I'm nearly asleep when I hear an engine cut off and the opening and closing of a door followed by the distinct \"beep, beep\" of my mother's car being locked. I feel her come up to me before I even see here and finally decide to open my eyes. \"hey momma\" she smiles brightly, her green eyes full of joy as usual going along with her generally cheery personality. Her auburn down in waves. She looks well dressed in her work attire which today consists of a beige pencil skirt, red silky top and heels. \"Hey baby girl\" she greets back pressing a kiss to my forehead. \"why don't we both change and then we'll get going, alright sweetheart\" \"Is that to mean you do not like my current garb \"I say jokingly serious while pointing at myself and momma just shakes her head and laughs, unlocking the door and walking in \"cute, now go change kenz\" I let the smile slip onto my face at the sound of my nickname that only she uses. \"yes ma'am right away\" passing her up the stairs to get to my room I give a mock salute and flash a bright smile, hearing her laugh as I close my door and head to the closet. Immediately picking out an outfit, I look forward to this day every week. It's our tradition, its only mom and I so we've made our own traditions. Every Friday we drive to New Orleans to this small karaoke place. Living in Louisiana my whole life has always been amazing. I love everything about it, the people the atmosphere. We live in a small town but I'm a southern girl at heart. I slip on white and blue floral cut denim shorts, a white tank top with a denim collared shirt with rolled up sleeves to my elbows and pull on my leather biker boots. As an afterthought I throw my hair up into a messy bun, add bracelets, a necklace with an owl pendant on it. Originally I wasn't gonna wear any makeup but I slick on a coat of mascara. Done in less than ten minutes I grab my phone and keys. Taking two steps at a time I get downstairs and soon am joined by my mom who gives me the once over. \"not exactly my taste but not bad\" I immaturely stick my tongue out at her and she waves me off with a light laugh then links her arm with mine and just like that we're off. We silently decide to take my mother's silver Lexus LF-X. \"I'm so excited, what are you gonna sing? Lemme guess something old and depressing\" \"they are not old and depressing sweetheart, they are classic and romantic\" I look at her with a raised eyebrow. \"Ma last time you sang a medley of air supply songs. You know me, I'm all up for classic music and romantic songs…well I can deal but really? Air supply?\". \"what's so wrong with air supply?\" she questions looking genuinely confused. \"well let's see if I remember your final song, oh yeah! I think it went a little like this: I'm lying alone with my head on the phone Thinking of you till it hurts I know you hurt too but what else can we do Tormented and torn apart I wish I could carry your smile in my heart For times when my life seems so low It would make me believe what tomorrow could bring When today doesn't really know, doesn't really know I'm all out of love, I'm so lost without you I know you were right, believing for so long I'm all out of love, what am I without you I can't be too late to say I was so wrong I want you to come back and carry me home Away from these long, lonely nights I'm reaching for you, are you feeling it too? does the feeling seem oh, so right? And what would you say if I called on you now And said that I can't hold on? There's no easy way, it gets harder each day Please love me or I'll be gone, I'll be gone'\" Finishing up my dramatic rendition of all out of love by air supply, I make a gun with my hand and pretend to shoot myself slumping down on the seat and letting my tongue fall out of my mouth. Everything is quiet so I open one closed eye to peek at my mom, when I do it sends her into fits of laughter, soon I'm sitting up joining her. \"Ok sweetie I get the point, no more depressing songs\" Halfway there already, I turn on the radio scanning through the station until a song come on that both my mom and I love. Turning it up as the guitar intro begins I'm already shaking my head to it dancing around in my seat. Can't explain all the feelings that you're making me feel My heart's in overdrive and you're behind the steering wheel Touching you, touching me touching you, god you're touching me I believe in a thing called love Just listen to the rhythm of my heart There's a chance we could make it now We'll be rocking 'til the sun goes down I believe in a thing called love Ooh! I wanna kiss you every minute, every hour, every day You got me in a spin but everythin' is ! *Singing to each other, using my hand as a microphone* Touching you, touching me touching you, god you're touching me I believe in a thing called love Just listen to the rhythm of my heart There's a chance we could make it now We'll be rocking 'til the sun goes down I believe in a thing called love Ooh! Guitar! *I play the air guitar while my mom drums on the steering wheel* Touching you, touching me touching you, god you're touching me I believe in a thing called love Just listen to the rhythm of my heart There's a chance we could make it now We'll be rocking 'til the sun goes down I believe in a thing called love Ooh! Rocking out for the ending instrumental outro, laughing at the final sound of the cymbal. It was moments like these with my mom that I cherished. We always had fun together, she was strict when necessary when most of all we love each other and have the gift of an easy, fun, meaningful mother daughter relationships. It was such a simple moment goofing off in the car together but it was special. I can count it as one of the best moments I've had with my momma, one of many. But as fun as it was we should have been paying attention, we should have been looking closely and been focused, but we weren't. It was too fast to comprehend. A second before I was sharing a laugh with my mother, the next I'm watching her eyes widen in horror as our car is hit head on with full force. I reach out to grab her hand and she does the same. We hold on to each other as the car is flipped then hit from the opposite side. I distantly register the sound of our terrified screams over the sound of screeching tires and crunching metal. Tears cascade from my eyes, not for myself but for the fear of losing my mother. \"Momma!\" I scream out for her \"I'm here baby!\" her voice sounds pained and her grip is loosening. Her fingers slip through mine, I try to grab her hand again blindly, almost desperately needed to cling to her to assure myself she's ok. \"MOMMA!\" Her lack of response is the last thing to sink in before we're hit again and my world goes black.[Chapter 3] This chapter is dedicated to The Gentleman Ghost for reviewing. Thank you for your input, i really appreciate it. I usually do proofread but i will try to be more careful. 0 0 0 It feels as if I am floating in limbo. There is nothing, just endless space, a vast void. I try to remember something, anything. Somehow I have no memory as if past and future does not exist just the present. I feel numb and lost wanting to find a way out, away from this endless abyss of darkness. I run and run, coming upon a door. The door itself blends into the surrounding blankness but through the edges the light from the other side seeps through. Seeing no other option I desperately start to hurl my body against the door in hope of busting my way through to the other side, anxious for the answers and light that I may find behind it. Slam! A flash of something, a memory flickers before my eyes stopping me in my tracks. My breathe catches in my throat. Regaining my senses I try again. Slam! \"Get up Kenz! The wonderful world of high school awaits you\" I groan at my mom and her playfully sarcastic remark. Slam! \"Oh my god mom, this car is amazing\" \"you deserve it Kenz, happy sixteenth birthday. I love you\". Slam! \"Mommy, why don't I have a daddy like the other kids, was I not good enough?\" A small version of me with tears streaming down her cheeks. Her mother stroking her hair lovingly \"you're more than good enough baby girl\". Slam! \"You know ma you really should start dating. Soon you'll be old and saggy, then what?\" \"Ha-ha very funny, now I'm getting dating advice from my twelve years old. And for the record I'd like you to know I'm far from being old and saggy\" she sticks her tongue out and bites into a celery stick making the preteen laugh. Slam! I get a glimpse of myself, standing in the middle of a deserted town, followed with an image of eerie blue eyes. Slam! \"Cute, now go change Kenz\" I let the smile slip onto my face at the sound of my nickname that only she uses. Slam! \"I'm so excited, what are you gonna sing? Lemme guess something old and depressing\" \"they are not old and depressing sweetheart, they are classic and romantic\" I look at her with a raised eyebrow... Slam! \"I believe in a thing called love! Oh!\" Slam! With that last blow the door swings wide flooding my mind with thoughts and memories. My body reacts on its own bolting me upright as I remember everything, my mother, the plans, and the accident, my eyes wide with a wild look in them. Worry and fear course through my veins but get set aside for a second as the full force of my pain bears down upon me. I bite my tongue from screaming out. Gritting my teeth I start yanking out all the wires and the IV attached to me. Pushing through the pain, my only thought is getting to my momma. I need to see her, to know she's ok. She's all I have. Swinging my legs over the edge I brace myself against the bed. My breathing is heavy and labored from the strain of moving around before my body is healed better. I haven't even bothered to check my injuries; there will be time for that later. Supporting myself on the walls I reach the door. Yanking it open I peer out to make sure the coast is clear then step out. I look around aimlessly as if her room number will magically appear to me. My steps get weaker by the second, my body growing heavy. I've been at this for at least half an hour but keep having to avoid being seen. \"There she is!\" I look back to see a nurse pointing at me, informing a fellow nurse who were all apparently searching for me. Going into panic mode I start shakily running away from them. That's when I see her, my momma. It's only a glimpse but I can recognize her hair anywhere. With newfound strength I push myself forward. I feel triumphant as I extend my hand to pull the glass door open. Just when my fingertips touch the cool metal of the handle I'm abruptly yanked backwards by a pair of strong hands. My whole being is enveloped by overwhelming sadness and anger \"No! I need to see her\" I yell indignantly squirming in the male nurses hold. \"I'm sorry miss but you are harming yourself and worsening your injuries. We need to get you back to bed\" his voice holds a twinge of regret but I don't care, I barely listen. I stop fighting seemingly calm now so he loosens his hold and I use that opportunity to swing my fist forward then sharply back, landing a hard blow to his crotch. He lets go and doubles over in pain, I might feel guilty under different circumstances. Not sparing a second I run, yank the door open and go inside. Tears pool in my eyes as I stand beside her bed gazing down at her. She looks broken. Her skin deathly pale, bruises, cuts and lacerations litter almost her entire body but are hidden under white bandages that take up most of her visible skin. There are wires attached to her and a breathing tube in her mouth going down her throat. My left hand moves of its own accord to my mouth. \"Mackenzie Stewart? I am . I am the physician treating your mother\" I turn my head and see a serious looking older man in his fifties. His face only slightly wrinkled with salt and pepper hair. Professional clothing on his slightly short and out of shape frame, topped off by a pristine white coat, his employee id hanging off the front pocket that head ' PhD' embroidered on it with royal blue thread. I shake the extended hand he is offering. I look him straight in the eyes, my green eyes meeting his dark brown ones. Don't sugar coat it for me; my momma is the only family I have. What is wrong with her?\" I'm so scared to know, I sit down to ease the pain a bit and keep myself from collapsing on the floor. \"Ok, I'm very sorry but apart from the multiple injuries that were inflicted, the worst was the brain injury she sustained upon impact\" For a moment I am paralyzed, she's not supposed to be so badly hurt. She was supposed to make fun of me for sending the hospital into frenzy and tease me for my dramatic antics. Then I'd childishly stick my tongue out at her. We'd laugh and momma would kiss my cheek. I'd let her rest while letting myself be dragged to my room, willingly this time. We'd be here a few days then go home and continue our lives as usual. Getting to see her beautiful face each day. Basking in the glow of her radiant smiles and witty banter. None of this should be happening, but it is, and I wish I could make it all better. \"How bad is it? Can she pull through this?\" His stern face momentarily gives his emotions away, half a second later he schools his features into a blank slate once again but the damage is done. I saw it and the look alone revealed my worst nightmare. His next words will most likely shatter my entire world. \"When a patient who has had such a serious head injury inflicted as is the case with your mom, they are first seen by a medical practitioner, it is standard practice to apply the Glasgow Coma Scale. It is universally recognized as a reliable, and infallible, indicator of brain activity levels. The practitioner applying the Glasgow Coma Scale will test the patients' eye activity, verbal responses, and motor responses; and based on these results apply a score. The higher the GCS score is, the less serious the injury is. Once the score has been recorded the severity of the brain injury will be classified as being Mild, Moderate, or Severe. Mild severity includes temporary impairment, such as would be inflicted by a mild concussion or just being dazed. The severe end of the scale includes coma, which is your mothers' current condition. There are levels of coma, which depend on the severity of the brain damage. In severe cases such as now, the patient is totally unresponsive to physical or auditory stimulation. Essentially, she is brain dead\". \"Just like that? You so easily jump to that conclusion\" My voice sounds angry and borderline hysterical. I can't accept it. There has to be some hope. \"I understand this is difficult but I would not be telling you this if we had not already done the necessary process and tests to determine her condition. Brain death is diagnosed according to the protocols laid out in the Uniform Determination of Death Act. Before a physician can declare a patient brain dead, certain criteria need to be identified and met. Your mother has no brain stem activity. As we speak her organs have started to shut down. Soon the only thing keeping her alive, in a sense, will be the Life Support.\" I do not listen to anything else he has to say; instead I sit there wishing to be back in the haze of ignorance I experienced in that state of nothingness I was trapped in prior to waking. I bitterly snicker; I was right about his words shattering my world as I knew it. Taking mommas hand in mine I rub it gently, sad tears pooling in my eyes begging to be released. I knew soon I would have to make a hard life changing decision. But for now i will pretend to be blissfully ignorant and just let myself be the scared little girl who doesn't want to lose her momma. I start gently humming, singing softly under my breath. The lyrics so fitting to my heart that I finally release my tears from their prison. {I don't wanna miss a thing by Aerosmith} I could stay awake just to hear you breathing Watch you smile while you are sleeping While you're far away and dreaming I could spend my life in this sweet surrender I could stay lost in this moment forever Very moment spent with you is a moment I treasure Don't wanna close my eyes I don't wanna fall asleep 'Cause I'd miss you, baby And I don't wanna miss a thing 'Cause even when I dream of you The sweetest dream would never do I'd still miss you, baby And I don't wanna miss a thing Lying close to you feeling your heart beating And I'm wondering what you're dreaming, Wondering if it's me you're seeing Then I kiss your eyes and thank God we're together And I just wanna stay with you In this moment forever, forever and ever I don't wanna close my eyes I don't wanna fall asleep 'Cause I'd miss you, baby And I don't wanna miss a thing 'Cause even when I dream of you The sweetest dream would never do I'd still miss you, baby And I don't wanna miss a thing I don't wanna miss one smile I don't wanna miss one kiss Well, I just wanna be with you Right here with you, just like this I just wanna hold you close Feel your heart so close to mine And just stay here in this moment For the rest of time, yeah, yeah, yeah! Don't wanna close my eyes Don't wanna fall asleep 'Cause I'd miss you, baby And I don't wanna miss a thing 'Cause even when I dream of you The sweetest dream would never do I'd still miss you, baby And I don't wanna miss a thing I don't wanna close my eyes I don't wanna fall asleep 'Cause I'd miss you, baby And I don't wanna miss a thing 'Cause even when I dream of you The sweetest dream would never do I'd still miss you, baby And I don't wanna miss a thing Don't wanna close my eyes Don't wanna fall asleep, yeah I don't wanna miss a thing I don't wanna miss a thing[Chapter 4] DEDICATED TO: Priscilla The Ancient One for your review, im so glad youve enjoyed this story so far hopefully it wont disappoint. Thank you to any one else who favorited or followed. I stand here under the rain as it soaks me to the bone yet I care not. It hides my tears and washes away my sorrow. The black lace overlay baby doll dress doing nothing to ward off the chill as I brave the storm unmoved with glazed eyes and a heavy heart while staring down at the fresh dirt covering my mother's final resting place. For the first time in my life I truly feel as if I am completely and utterly alone in the world. I have never been one to like finality, to come to terms that sooner or later everything must end and that what we see is all there is. The world is not a fantastical place waiting to be discovered. It is pain and heartbreak laced with fleeting moments of happiness in pursuit of that which is deemed the closest thing to magic we have. Love. In a sense I am starting over as someone new, so much of who I am was wrapped up in the relationship I had with my mother. Now, it's all changed and I must find a new home. Reluctantly I turn away and walk out of that cemetery leaving my past buried under six feet of soil and tears. Plopping down into my car I rest my forehead on the steering wheel, hugging it to my chest holding back the tears. composing myself as best I can I start up my trusty mustang and look to my passenger seat where I can see my plane ticket departing from New Orleans Louis Armstrong International Airport to arrive at Glasgow International Airport peeking out of my purse. I arrive in a complete daze just going through the motions mindlessly, it's not until I sit down in my seat that I start to think about the fact that I will be meeting my father for the first time. I wonder if he knows I exist or how he will react when I arrive out of nowhere and spring this on him. I wish I had someone else to turn to, anyone else for that matter. But, I don't. He is the only other relative I have or at least that I know of. Even finding him was difficult not having much to go by but I managed. My father Duncan Dunkeld seems to be a secretive man or at least stays off the grid. It was impossible to find any pictures of him but i was able to trace down his whereabouts to Ae a small Scottish village about a two hour drive from Glasgow. A little over four hours into my fifteen hour trip to Glasgow, we make a stop in Newark, NJ. I feel fortunate to have slept most of the way and am happy to get some time to go change out of my dress and into something from my small carry-on bag. Smiling politely at the stewardess ushering us out I weave my way through the crowd and to the surprisingly empty bathroom. It is like any other airport bathroom with its dark tile floors to disguise any dirt, or at least attempt to, stainless steel up the wazoo and stupid stalls with their weirdly conceptual doors that leave the stupid two inch gab between the doors so you almost always end up making awkward eye contact with whoever is passing by. As quickly as humanly possible I strip off the dress and replace it with a regular tank top, skinny jeans and a navy blue military jacket. Grabbing my scarf and wrapping it around my neck I put everything away and head out to get something to eat hoping that will kill the next couple of hours before getting to board the plane that will take me away to Glasgow and my new life that awaits in Scotland. ","Summary":" It's said that the West was built on legends. Tall tales that help us make sense of things too grea"},{"Movie":"Ghost Rider","Title":"Masked","Author":"fantasyDramaQuEEn44","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8464058","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 Chrysos' POV The crowds roared in joy as Chrysos stepped onto the stage, smiling broadly. Titanium stood hesitantly behind him watching with complete angst plastered in her nervous blue eyes. He could barely blame her but now was not the time to comfort her foolishness, he had two kingdoms to address. \"People of Polytima,\" his voice rang out and the crowds quietened, \"and people of Ischyros. You were there to see me off when I left countless days ago to find our lost princess and now I have returned, victorious! The princess is safely with us once more!\" again the crowds came to life as they cheered out. \"I give you; Princess Titanio!\" Chrysos shouted over their roaring which increased significantly as he grabbed Titanium's wrist and yanked her onto the stage. Like a frightened animal, she looked at the thousands of followers which seemed to be overjoyed at her return. He kept a firm hold on her as he shushed the crowds; he did not want her running off and embarrassing him, \"Our wedding has been set for a week from today. It will be an event to be remembered as two of the greatest kingdoms become joined!\" The cheering had visibly decreased and Chrysos frowned inwardly, apparently the people were not as easy to persuade as Titanium was. Yes, she did not know the full story but what she was oblivious to could not harm her. All that mattered was that he had successfully charmed her into accepting his marriage proposal. Chrysos needed Titanium as his wife if he was going to earn the title of the most powerful king in history and the only thing that stood between him and his achievement was Ischyros, the one kingdom he was not able to conquer. \"Come, let me show you to your room,\" Chrysos purred into her ear as he led her off the platform, away from the people of her kingdom who were desperate for help. He would be damned if he let some peasant destroy his plans. Titanium stared breathlessly at the tall white walls of the passage they were walking through and Chrysos knew that the chances of her stumbling upon anything were relatively low. She did not know where to go in the palace and would easily get lost, not that he planned on letting her wander around. No, he had to keep her in one place until the wedding was over. What she discovered after the wedding was not a problem to him because he could easily have her annihilated. \"Here it is,\" Chrysos stopped in front of two tall oak doors and temporarily let go of her to open them. They swung open with ease and he led her into the well furnished room which served more as a house than a single bedroom. He had chosen a room set deep within the palace so if she happened to escape he would be able to catch her before she could reach the outside world. There were so many passages and tunnels in the heart of the palace that, if you did not know your way around, you would run in circles for hours on end, possibly never finding a way out. \"It's-,\" Titanium's voice broke into his train of thought and Chrysos concentrated on her once more. \"It is all you need, princess,\" he pulled her into the room which he had, not too long ago, had redone and refurnished. The floor was carpet in cotton candy pink and the walls were painted white. To the left was a sofa and two armchairs set on a plum rug with a cherry wood coffee table in the middle. To the right were rows and rows of cherry wood bookshelves, each filled with a countless variety of books. Further down the room, close to the end, stood a four-poster bed that was themed in a darker pink with gold swirl trimmings and fluffy white pillows. Also on the right, just across from the bed, was a single white door which led to the blue themed bathroom with the finest porcelain on all of Metallo. \"It's lovely,\" Titanium turned to him with sparkling eyes and he smirked inwardly; she was gullible to the point where it went from cute to ridiculous. Of course, who could blame her if she was being presented with a fairytale lifestyle? \"I only have once condition,\" Chrysos said in as sweet and seductive voice as he could, \"you are to remain in this room until after the wedding. It is only mere tradition that we keep your beauty unexposed to the harsher elements of this planet.\" She seemed to buy into his story because she nodded enthusiastically. 'Foolish girl,' he thought as he planted a gently kiss on her head before slipping out the room and locking the door; he was not going to risk her curiosity getting the better of her. Chrysos slipped the key into his breast pocket and moved quickly down the passage; he had plans he needed to finalise. Even further into the heart of the palace was a hidden tunnel which led to his own private room where he finalised all his plans and kept his most secret schemes. No one but his most trusted advisor and the captain of his armies knew of this room and it was better kept that way; who knew where spies could turn up? Chrysos approached a painting of his great-grandfather, set within the residence wing which was forbidden to anyone but the king and the few people he deemed worthy. 'You would have been proud,' Chrysos thought as caressed the frame of the painting, finding a simple swirl which stood out just higher than the others. From just above the painting, a small metal ball shot off the wall and took a second to scan Chrysos before engulfing him in a bright white light. He was transported into a brightly lit passage which seemed to have no beginning only a single solid wall behind him. Hastily, Chrysos moved toward the end where the tunnel opened into a high-ceilinged room with maps, charts and sketches plastered all over the crème walls. Separating these were random bookshelves which contained volume after volume of battle strategy and history books. In the middle of the room was a large rectangular table with two chairs set on one side and a single chair opposite them. The captain of his army, a young red-head female, and his advisor, an ancient white-bearded male, were seated at the table waiting expectantly. \"Good, you are both here,\" Chrysos made his presence known as walked toward the single chair opposite the other two. \"You found her then?\" the female asked disdainfully, disgust plastered on her face. \"Yes, I did,\" he replied shortly. \"Did she accept the offer?\" the male enquired in a gentle, fading voice which showed traces of once being powerful. \"Of course she did,\" Chrysos smirked, \"Ischyros will be ours in a week.\" \"What will happen to her then?\" the female, Exousia, sat forward, a dangerous look in her eyes. Chrysos frowned at her, she would be a definite problem if she tried to take Titanium on. It was not that he doubted her strength, she had, after all, made it to the top of his armies, but if Titanium was injured or killed then his goal would once more be out of his reach. \"Perhaps I will keep her around,\" he replied in a calm yet deadly voice, his eyes darkening dangerously, \"it depends how easily she is to manipulate.\" Distaste and anger replaced the look on her face as she sat back. \"Exousia, keep yourself in line,\" Sofos, the male, lectured and she shot him a deadly look, \"it is for our king to decide what he wishes to do.\" \"That it is,\" Chrysos' smirk grew gradually. Once Ischyros was his and he was king of all, Titanium would be an interesting toy to keep around for a while but once he had lost all interest in her she would be just as easy to destroy. Titanium's POV Titanium turned once as she attempted to take in all the wonderful things that surrounded her. She had everything she could ever want; she was a princess with a beautiful room and she was marrying a handsome king. \"I'm finally home,\" she let out a sigh as she fell onto the soft, springy bed and giggled. It felt as though nothing could dampen her mood and she grinned at her carefree state. Life was beautiful. Magical. With overflowing energy, Titanium sprung up and bolted for the tall closet doors which stood between two of the towering bookcases. As she flung them open she caught her breath at the sight of all the flowing, beautiful dresses which cried out for her to wear them. There were at least five different colours for each style of dress and Titanium wondered if she would have enough time in her life to try all of them on. As she sauntered into the walk-in cupboard, the rows of dresses gave way for row upon row of shoes. From stilettos to boots and ballet shoes, Titanium was completely overwhelmed by the amount of clothing the wardrobe held. There was enough to clothe hundreds of females for more than a year. The pathway turned sharply to the left and she followed it curiously. The shelves and rows started to thin out until she came to another wall which had been turned into a massive display case that contained more diamonds and other precious jewels than she had ever created. Necklaces, earrings, bracelets and crowns twinkled at her from behind the glass and she wondered if all this was really hers. \"It's a wonderland,\" Titanium muttered breathlessly. With a grin plastered on her face, she headed back to the beginning of the closet and started to try countless combinations of different dresses and shoes. Each outfit fitted and complimented her perfectly and Titanium lost herself in the clothes until she came to a certain outfit. As she sprung in front of the mirror she was forced to pause; the flowing black dress and thigh-high boots reminded her of something. Or was it someone? The memory seemed to be just out of her reach as sadness gripped her heart. Whatever the outfit reminded her of was definitely sorrowful and she felt obliged to rip the clothing off; she wanted nothing to do with anything that was upsetting. \"Princess?\" Chrysos' voice floated into the cupboard and immediately her mood was brightened again, \"I see you found your new clothing.\" Titanium launched herself at the entrance, all thoughts of the memory and outfit gone from her mind. \"Yes, I did!\" she skidded to a stop in front of him. Chrysos took her in and immediately frowned, something passing through his eyes. Titanium could feel her face flushing as her confidence evaporated; perhaps she did not look as good as she thought she did. \"Where did you get that?\" he enquired, his expression neutral once more. \"In the cupboard,\" Titanium whispered as she dropped her eyes to the floor. \"I wonder how that got there,\" Chrysos murmured as he took a moment to figure out. Deciding to think about it later, he continued, \"take that off. Black does not compliment you.\" \"I don't think I like it either,\" Titanium looked up with confusion present in her eyes, \"it made me feel weird.\" \"Well then, all the more reason to dispose of it,\" he smiled warmly at her, \"why don't you put something else on and give that dress to me?\" \"Alright,\" she giggled as she traipsed into the cupboard once more. The decision of what to change into bewildered Titanium because the possibilities were almost endless. Eventually she decided on a pink dress with a floral pattern and a pair of white ballet flats. The black dress lay forlornly on the floor and Titanium hesitated, why did Chrysos want to get rid of the dress anyway? Even though it made her upset now it was still a nice dress and maybe, one day, she would be able to wear it. Making her mind up, Titanium slipped the dress into the place of the one she now had on and put the boots back on one of the back shelves. \"Much better,\" Chrysos' smile grew wider as he took in her new appearance, \"where's that other offensive item?\" \"I thought I'd keep it,\" Titanium replied honestly as she flopped down on her bed, \"maybe, someday, I can wear it.\" She wondered if it was her imagination but it looked as though his smile had faltered slightly. In the blink of an eye, however, his smile was just as large as it had been before and she guessed she was merely seeing things. \"I highly doubt it, princess,\" Chrysos purred, \"as I said before, black does not suit you.\" \"I like it though,\" Titanium said defiantly, oblivious to the dangerous undertone in his voice. \"Very well then,\" he replied through clenched teeth making Titanium look at him in shock and for her sake, he gave her a fake seductive smile, \"My apologies. I just don't like the colour black.\" Completely blinded by his charm, Titanium bought into his story and gave him a toothy grin in return. \"What, my dear, do you think of a pre-wedding masquerade?\" Chrysos purred as he stepped toward her. \"That would be wonderful,\" she muttered, her breath taken away by his hypnotizing green eyes. \"Very good,\" he placed a finger under her chin and planted a soft kiss on her lips. It surprisingly had little effect on her, barely sending a jolt of electricity through her body, yet still she felt completely ensnared by all of him that surrounded her. \"When will we have one?\" Titanium could barely breathe as he slowly pulled away from her. She reached out for him, clinging to the dizziness he made her feel confusing it for a wondrous feeling. \"Tomorrow night,\" Titanium mistook his smirk for a smile. She was captured in a world of fantasy and fairytales and could not see the darkness which lurked behind the beautiful picture she had painted of the king. Chrysos slipped out of her reach once more and sauntered out of the room; Titanium was captured and it seemed like nothing would be able to wake her up in time. Blackheart's POV Around every corner he expected to see her and in some cases her memory haunted him to the point he where he had, once or twice, seen her in someone else. Already she was starting to fade from his mind and he hated every second that he forgot something about her. 'Like the day she disappeared,' Blackheart thought solemnly. The day she had gone home was still plastered freshly in his mind and he knew it would be the one thing he never forgot, that and the pain of losing her. Hell was a monotonous blur to him as Blackheart moved subconsciously through its depths. There was nothing for him to do anymore and each minute of his existence seemed to stretch by into unbearable hours and days. How much time had passed since she had said goodbye? \"I need a distraction,\" Blackheart muttered and promptly teleported up to earth hoping desperately to find something to do. He turned his back on the rising sun, a hateful sight and painful reminder of the last words she had said to him. \"Tomorrow can never be because yesterday is all that fills my mind,\" he slowly turned to face the sunrise again but instead saw the silhouette of something else before it. The floating contraption hovered over a clearing just lower than the cliff he was standing on. Out of curiosity he teleported into the trees just surrounding the clearing and watched two men hurrying about, trying to clear up random bits and bobs. \"It's time to go! We have enough information for the king!\" one of them shouted at the other, obviously starting to get impatient. \"Should we bother him before the wedding?\" the second male enquired as he packed up the last of the numerous items which had littered the grass. \"He told us to give it to him as soon as we had enough!\" the first snapped before disappearing in an all too familiar bright light. The night Blackheart had gone to the scrap yard to find Titanium returned to him in a wispy replay of events ending off with the bright light which had carried her away. These people were from the same planet that she was now one and were probably about to return to it. Already an idea was formulating in Blackheart's mind and he decided that he needed to see her one more time. He would not force her to return with him but just wanted to have one last conversation with her, to say goodbye properly. With no idea what was in store for him, Blackheart teleported into the strange spacecraft as the male in the clearing disappeared. The inside looked somewhat like an airplane did with two rows of blue seats on either side and similar controls at the front. \"We're ready to go,\" someone said from the front and Blackheart ducked into the shadows, it was best for him to stay completely undetected until they reached their destination. Just after the pilot had spoken the same white light completely engulfed the spacecraft from the outside, pouring in through the windows, temporarily blinding Blackheart in the process. The light started to dim and change colour almost immediately after until it looked exactly like rays of sunshine which were penetrating the glass of the windows. 'That was fast,' Blackheart thought as he peered out. The vegetation outside looked almost exactly like that which you would have found earth with only one visible difference; the leaves were different shades of blue instead of green. Wasting no time, he teleported out of the spacecraft not caring to hide himself anymore. Who would notice his existence anyway? He followed one of the men directly into the heart of the town taking only a moment to admire the towering palace in the distance. \"Did you hear?\" a group of females pressed passed him, whispering frantically to each other, \"the king is having a pre-wedding masquerade in honour of the princess. I still cannot believe that he found her!\" the last part caught Blackheart's attention. Could it be possible that Titanium was the princess they were speaking of? \"After that terrible law got thrown out, I'm glad he tracked her down. Where was she again?\" one asked, glancing around nervously. \"Earth,\" another replied before hissing, \"now hush!\" Blackheart knew all the pieces fitted together; Titanium was the princess and she was marrying the man who had come to fetch her. A fresh stab of pain ricocheted through his body at the thought of her getting married. Blackheart knew it would have had to happen eventually but now that it was he felt like he had to stop it. \"Will you really keep her from being joyous?\" he asked himself as he laid his eyes upon the palace once more, \"Why do you want to stop her from marrying someone she might love?\" Blackheart knew the answer but refused to voice it; it could and would never happen. For some reason, he got the feeling that there was more to it, another reason why he wanted to prevent the wedding. As a reassurance to himself and his overactive imagination, Blackheart decided to check on Titanium and assess the situation she was in. If she was content and wanted to stay he would return to earth without her ever knowing he had ever been there. The only thing that worried him was how he would get into the palace for long enough to efficiently survey the situation and environment. \"Well,\" a mask in a shop window caught Blackheart's eye and he smirked, \"it seems that I am going to the masquerade.\"[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 Titanium's POV The morning of the masquerade dawned early but Titanium decided to laze in bed for longer than she was used to. There was no one to rush her and she did seem to have all the time in the world to simply pick a dress, a pair of shoes, some jewellery and a mask for the night ahead. Pictures of blurred, masked figures dancing before her in a bright array of colours made Titanium giggle, tonight would be exciting in the context that she had never been to such a party before. As a matter of fact, she had never been to any party on earth before never mind one on her home planet. \"I wonder how it will be?\" she sighed and tried, unsuccessfully to imagine what lay in store for her. Titanium decided that she felt too energetic to laze in bed and would rather go through the countless amounts of clothing in the cupboard until she found the perfect outfit. She spun in joy toward the cupboard but came to an abrupt halt when she noticed the red-headed woman standing by the door. \"Well aren't you a ray of sunshine?\" she commented, taking another step into the room. \"Who are you?\" Titanium enquired, narrowing her eyes. She could sense the hostility which was literally seeping off the female. \"Exousia,\" she replied, \"captain of Chrysos' army.\" Titanium could not help but feel intimidated as Exousia modelled in front of her with numerous weapons attached to her body. \"What do you want?\" Titanium pressed her back against the wall, eyeing the woman out. She had no idea what Exousia was capable of and did not want to, in any way, find out. \"I just came to warn you,\" \"Of what?\" she demanded. \"The little fairytale you've gotten yourself into isn't real. Chrysos cares nothing for you or your abilities, all he cares about is your status. Once he's in control of Ischyros, he'll dispose of you like he did all his other wives,\" Exousia smirked, hatred flashing across her face as Titanium's eyes widened in absolute shock. Why was this woman being so horrible toward her when she had never even met her before. What had she done to upset Exousia so much? \"You're lying,\" Titanium snapped, \"why would he have gone all the way to find me if he didn't care?\" \"You're the only thing standing between him and conquering Ischyros,\" Exousia replied venomously, a sly smile working its way onto her face, \"of course he'll go out of his way to claim the final free kingdom on the planet.\" \"Get out of my room,\" Titanium commanded bitterly, she would not stand for the lies being thrown at her. Chrysos would definitely hear of this woman's audacity. \"If you don't believe me, answer this question; why does he lock you in your room?\" Exousia enquired calmly, not budging even an inch. \"To keep horrible people like you away from me!\" Titanium exclaimed wishing desperately that someone would interrupt their unpleasant conversation. She had no idea where Exousia had gotten her story from or what her problem was but she wanted badly to escape from the accusations. \"Oh really? Then why does he keep the key on the other side? Surely if he wanted to keep me out he would have taken the key with him?\" Exousia pointed out, dangling the key in front of her. Before Titanium could think of replying, Chrysos entered the room and paused as he took in the situation before him. \"What is going on here? Exousia?\" his voice was low and dangerous as he set darkened eyes on her. Titanium scurried over to him and he immediately put a protective arm across her shoulders convincing her that everything would be better. \"She's been telling me the most horrifying things, Chrysos,\" she did not want to sound sulky but could barely help it. The things Exousia had told her had her very close to tears. Titanium continued, \"She told me that you didn't care about me, that you were only using me to conquer my kingdom.\" The tears must have been evident in her voice because Chrysos hugged her tighter, whispering words of comfort into her ear. \"It's the truth,\" Exousia quickly interrupted the tender moment, clearly disgusted by the display of affection between the two. \"Get out of here,\" Chrysos hissed as he moved away from Titanium and snatched the key from Exousia's hand. He said something more to her and the sly smile returned to her face making Titanium feel even more uncomfortable. With a final dirty look in her direction, Exousia exited the room and slammed the door behind her. \"Princess,\" he turned to face her, a sweet smile plastered on his face, \"listen to nothing that Exousia tells you. She is an impulsive liar and jealous of you too.\" A warning bell rang somewhere in Titanium's mind but the sound was drowned out by his musical voice as his eyes entranced her. \"Some ladies will come to your room later to help you prepare for the masquerade. Do you have any idea what colour you plan to wear?\" Chrysos played with her hair, sending shivers down Titanium spine. \"No,\" she started but broke off when her voice vanished, his hand were starting to roam into inappropriate places, \"I was about to when Exousia came.\" \"I shan't keep you then,\" suddenly he was gone and it felt as though a bucket of cold water had been poured over Titanium, the trance broken. Chrysos closed the door behind him sending a sense of finality into the room. She staggered back onto the bed and wondered if it had really happened or if it had been a mere illusion created by her mind. Titanium did not know if she liked what he had done, feeling violated and exposed though no one but them had been present. Did he have any right to do such a thing before they were even married? \"Don't be silly,\" Titanium snapped at her own foolishness, trying desperately to shake off the feeling of discomfort that wrapped around her feverish body. As a distraction, she headed for the cupboard and started to rummage through the clothing but her mind was insistent on thinking about it. She cried out in utter frustration and hurled a pair of shoes at the back wall, cracking the glass of the display case. Titanium stared at the destruction she had caused, shocked by the extent of her physical strength. She gulped and moved away from it. What would Chrysos say when he saw what she had done? \"Oh dear,\" Titanium murmured as she broke out in a sweat. Would he be angry at her? \"Maybe I could make up a story,\" she babbled quickly to herself, \"like, me falling or - or -.\" Tears threatened to spill from her eyes at the mere thought that Chrysos would dispose of her when he found out that she had destroyed something of his. How could she fix it though? Titanium was still frantically looking for something when the sparkling diamond on her ring finger caught her attention. \"Of course!\" she gasped in excitement, hurtling back to the display case. With a devious grin, Titanium started hurling random shoes at the glass and watched it shatter. The pieces fell to the floor in a colourful shower giving it a glossy appeal but she took no time to admire it as she quickly swept it up with her hands, being careful not to cut herself. When the glass was successfully disposed of in an old shoe box, Titanium reached out for the display case stopping where the cover had once been and imagined, in its place, a layer of crystal clear diamond. She stepped back to admire her handy work and wondered why she had never thought of starting an interesting hobby which included her control of diamond. \"I should mention it to Chrysos,\" Titanium giggled as she turned, with renewed excitement, to the clothing in her cupboard. As she browsed through the selection before her she had to admit that being naughty definitely felt good, something she definitely would not tell her future husband. For almost three hours she went through about a thousand dresses only selecting a few that she thought fit the criteria for the upcoming masquerade. However, even when Titanium had gone through her entire wardrobe, she was not satisfied with the twenty dresses scattered on the floor around her. None of them were perfect. \"Perhaps the right pair of shoes and a little jewellery will make it perfect?\" Titanium scratched her chin thoughtfully but doubted it. Her eyes wandered back to the closet and she frowned; the right dress had to be in there and she would not stop until she found it, refusing to settle for any less. With determination pumping through her veins, Titanium started working through the closet again, this time paying special attention to each individual item. Just as time started to run short and her hopes began to dry up she accidentally stumbled upon yet another clothing rack, this one containing only a single dress. Titanium approached the dress with curiosity which, as she took it in, turned slowly to awe. This was the dress. Her mouth was dry as she stripped herself and carefully put it on, afraid that it would not fit or that something disastrous would happen to it. \"Oh,\" Titanium's eyes stretched in wonder and temporarily she forgot to breathe; it was the most beautiful dress she had seen in this closet. How had she not seen it before? Strapless, the bodice of the dress was simple, made of loose-fitting black satin. Over the bodice was a crimson corset, trimmed with golden, that tied in the front. The skirt hung loosely around her legs, made of the same black satin with a layer of crimson velvet that hung neatly over it, cut out in the front so the underlying material could still be seen. Titanium twirled in the full-length mirror and watched the skirt dance around her, revealing that it was wider than it appeared to be. \"Madam?\" an unknown voice called out to her and she decided to investigate, popping her head around the cupboard door. Three elderly women were standing at the door looking at the dresses strewn across the room in utter distaste. \"Yes?\" Titanium stepped out of the closet fully, flushing as she realized what a mess she had actually made, \"Pardon the mess, I was having difficulty finding the right one.\" \"You succeeded?\" three pairs of eyes were now staring at her and she nodded, motioning to the dress she currently had on, \"A wonderful decision, madam.\" \"Um,\" Titanium broke eye-contact as she instead concentrated on a blue and silver gown crumpled on the floor before her, \"who are you?\" \"The king sent us to assist you,\" the second woman replied in a gentler voice, \"we have barely two hours left so I suggest we get started.\" Titanium started to bend but they showed for her to stop. \"We will clean this up when the masquerade has begun,\" the first woman said with a soft smile, \"for now, our greatest priority is to get you ready.\" Titanium was ushered to a chair and sat down while they bustled around her. One of them started to comb her hair until it glowed in the setting sun before she pulled it in all directions, attempting to style the unruly ringlets. The second one started to gently apply make-up, starting with base before moving to blush, eyeliner, royal blue eye-shadow, mascara and finally rose red lipstick. The last woman started by giving Titanium a quick manicure and pedicure before applying crimson nail polish to both her fingernails and toenails. When she was done, she hurried into the cupboard and produced a pair of elbow length lace gloves which she slung over the armrest of the sofa. In her other arm she had numerous pairs of stilettos, ranging from different shades of red to black, bedazzled to plain and strappy to completely closed. Testing first to see if the nail polish was dry, she started to try one shoe on after the other before settling on a pair of strappy black stilettos that had a single row of tiny rubies running up the middle strap. \"Get the jewellery,\" the first woman demanded as she continued to apply the other shoe, tying them both, \"is that too tight, madam?\" \"No, that's perfect thanks,\" Titanium smiled down at the shoes, she would probably have chosen them herself if she had been able to. The other two women appeared before her carrying numerous sets of jewellery, holding them out one at a time for her to choose. Titanium decided on a chunky platinum gold necklace studded with large black diamonds, matching earrings and a similar bracelet which had rubies instead. As the same two women quickly attached the pieces of jewellery, the last one gently pulled the gloves onto Titanium's arms before clasping the bracelet into place on her right wrist. They then proceeded to step back as Titanium got up, admiring the work they had successfully completed in two hours. \"The only thing missing is your mask,\" one of them purred as she produced a mahogany jewellery box which she held out before her. \"I first want to see what I look like,\" Titanium stated softly as she moved with surprising ease toward the cupboard, the killer heels feeling almost completely natural to her. She allowed her eyes to scan her reflection in the mirror and she felt something stir in the back of her mind; what seemed to be so familiar to her? Ignoring it, Titanium rather examined her hairstyle, turning slightly so she could see some of it from behind. Her hair had been tied and plaited before being pulled into a neat, tight bun set high on the crown of her head. Her fringe hung loosely on either side of her head, framing her face and, though it was extremely simple, Titanium decided that she liked the way her hair had been done. \"Madam?\" one of the woman appeared by her side with the jewellery box settled in her hands. When Titanium nodded, she opened the jewellery box and extracted the mask, handing the empty container to one of the others who had also materialised in the closet. The mask, which covered only up to her nose, was also crimson with black lace trimmings around the entire outer edge and also the eyes. In the middle of a single black lace flower, situated at the both ends of the mask, was a single ruby. Protruding from behind each of the flowers were two drooping black feathers. Carefully, the woman tied the mask securely to Titanium's face using the attached black ribbons before stepping back to allow everyone to admire her appearance. 'Let's find out what surprises await me,' Titanium thought as she turned away from the mirror. Finally, she was ready to attend her first masquerade and it would definitely be one she never forgot. One of the woman had escorted Titanium carefully through the passage within the palace and they had now, after endless minutes of walking, come to a halt behind two large wooden doors. She could hear music being played from the other side and she knew she was probably late; the party had already started. \"Don't worry,\" the woman smiled reassuringly at her, \"we're right on time for your grand entrance.\" Titanium gulped uncertainly, her mouth suddenly feeling excessively dry. Chrysos had said nothing to her of making any sort of special entrance. She was about to say something in return but the music suddenly quietened down, the woman by her side shushing her. \"Ladies and gentlemen,\" Chrysos' voice, though muffled from behind the door, was probably echoing clearly through the ballroom, \"myself and the lovely Princess Titanio welcome you to our pre-wedding masquerade. We do hope you enjoy this evening as we celebrate the coming together of two great kingdoms. Now, you might ask if the princess is present between us, disguised behind one of these brilliant masks. She is not but that will now change as I present to you, our found Princess Titanio!\" The doors before her were suddenly opened and she was bathed in light, temporarily blinded and stunned. Someone gave her a gentle push from behind and she started to walk down the marble stairs trying desperately to appear regal and graceful. Her eyes became accustomed to the light and she briefly glanced over the crowds; she had not expected to see so many people attend. Titanium knew all the eyes were trained on her as she stepped off the stairs, the crowds making a path for her which led directly to Chrysos. She managed to walk the entire way without tripping or falling and once she had positioned herself next to him, the crowds started to applaud. \"Well done, princess,\" Chrysos whispered to her as he pulled her a little nearer, slipping his arm around her waist. \"Why didn't you tell me?\" Titanium asked softly as the music began once more and couples took to the dance floor. \"About the entrance?\" his eyes were sparkling behind his own royal blue and silver mask, \"I did not want you to fret. Stressing does nothing for your complexion.\" He turned to face her fully and took both her hands in his own. Chrysos merely stared at her for a long moment before he led her onto the dance floor, pulling her tightly against his body. \"You look so sexy tonight,\" he growled into her ear and Titanium blushed at the idea that she had caught his attention so efficiently. What she did not know was that she had also caught someone else's attention. Blackheart's POV Entering the palace had been fairly easy, Blackheart merely having to teleport into the ballroom when it was filled with enough guests for him to arrive completely unnoticed. The only problem facing him now was tracking Titanium down, a difficult task due to all the masked female figures parading around him in ridiculously puffy dresses. Though a few blonds had caught his attention so far, none of them had turned out to be anything like her from closer up. 'Was I mistaken?' Blackheart thought as he passed yet another blond which resembled Titanium in no way, 'Have I followed false information?' thinking back, he felt like hitting himself for being so gullible. There was of course a possibility that the gossiping women could have had the wrong end of the story, Titanium might not even be close to where he was at the moment. Blackheart decided to hang around for a little while longer hoping that she had maybe not arrived at the party yet. If he had followed incorrect information then he might as well just give up looking for her, it was a wild goose chase on a planet that was similar in size to earth. \"Maybe I'm not supposed to find her,\" Blackheart mumbled to himself as he faded into the shadows of one of the few dark corners, \"I had my chance and I lost it.\" He still could not believe that Titanium had slipped through his fingers before he had even had a chance. It all boiled down to his own blindness and utter stupidity, the signs had always been present but he had never once thought of looking for them. \"Why would I have?\" Blackheart asked no one in particular, \"All that mattered to me was defeating my father, taking over his realm and creating hell on earth.\" Those ideals seemed foolish to him now and Blackheart wished he had only seen the true value right in front of him. A pang of guilt enveloped him as he remembered the night of his graduation, the same night he had taken advantage of her for his own benefit. Now that memory was all Blackheart had to cling to, the only moment he had actually seen her as more than just a rival. \"How I wish I'd never done that,\" out of frustration he ran his fingers through his hair, allowing his eyes to scan the crowd as a distraction. In the past fifteen minutes, no new people had come in through the front doors and Blackheart guessed that no more guests were due to arrive. Obviously Titanium would not be present and the only thing he had left to do was go home; another of his missions had been a total failure. As he was about to disappear a specific male caught his attention and he paused, deciding to investigate. As Blackheart came closer he recognised the male to be the same one that had been present the night Titanium had gone home. \"Sire! Welcome!\" another masked male approached him, briefly shaking his hand, \"Where is the lovely princess?\" music had started playing as numerous people in the crowd acknowledged the king's presence among them. \"She will be joining us shortly,\" his voice confirmed who he was to Blackheart making him think that perhaps the information had not been as false as he thought, \"for now just enjoy the party.\" The masked individual nodded enthusiastically before disappearing into the ocean of people which filled the ballroom. 'I'll wait for the princess to come,' Blackheart decided as he shrunk into the shadows once more, a place where he could efficiently keep an eye on the progression of events. The minutes seemed to drag by but still no one else arrived, the king conversing with random people in the room completely unconcerned by the absence of the mysterious princess. He had just returned to the platform when one of the many guards present muttered something into his ear causing him to quickly glance at the oversized clock set above the entrance. It was literally a few seconds before eight o'clock. The king positioned himself in the centre of the stage and waited for the clock to finish chiming eight times before he started to address the crowds. Blackheart paid little attention to what he was saying as he tried to decipher the feeling of anticipation which had clouded the air like a storm. \"-She is not but that will now change as I present to you, our found Princess Titanio!\" the king's final sentence caught Blackheart's attention as the double doors on the far end of the ballroom were opened by two guards. The female, a mere silhouette, failed to move into the light as silence fell in the room like a heavy blanket. With a sudden jolt she moved forward, bathing herself in light as everyone stared in complete awe. It was her. Blackheart had found Titanium. She moved fluidly down the stairs, something she had always been able to accomplish no matter how fast or slow she walked. Her presence brought the room to life as the light made her sparkle like a gem on her own; her every movement demanded attention from everyone. Blackheart could tell her face was passive behind the mask and he admired her ability to hold a poker face as everyone watched each step she took, waiting for something unexpected to happen. With grace that would shame any swan or ballet dancer, Titanium stepped onto the stage and took her place next to the king who whispered something, pulling her closer. Music shattered the magic of the moment in a rapid anti-climax and the crowds, desperate to redeem their pride, went on with their business on the dance floor. 'Now that I've found you I must just find a way to speak to you,' Blackheart thought as he watched the king pull her into the crowd for a dance. A plan was already forming in his mind, one that definitely appealed to him as he considered it; she would not be able to decline a dance invitation. He only had to wait for the opportune moment to snatch her away from the king who, to his utmost disgust, seemed to be ravishing her with his eyes. Something about the king seemed off to Blackheart as he watched them for most of the night and he did not know if it was merely his jealousy playing up; Titanium appeared to be happy. 'We'll see,' he thought as he prepared to swoop in for the kill, his prey directly in sight. Titanium and Blackheart's POV Titanium was just able to pry herself away from Chrysos, who had been clinging to her for most of the night, when another masked male approached her with a dance invitation. She was about to politely decline when something about him caught her attention. Titanium got the feeling that she knew him from somewhere but had no idea from where, she knew no other men on this planet but Chrysos. Out of complete curiosity, she accepted the invitation and allowed herself to be led onto the dance floor. Everybody's got something They had to leave behind One regret from yesterday That just seems to grow with time The slow beat of the song surrounded them as Blackheart pulled her into position, thanking his lucky stars that he knew anything about ballroom dancing. Titanium's eyes were sparkling behind the mask, a mysterious smile plastered on her full lips. The mere sight made him wish he had never let her go, that he had forced her to listen before she had left. There's no use lookin' back or wonderin' How it could be now or might have been All this I know but still I can't find ways To let you go. Blackheart knew there was no point in lingering any further after the dance; what was in the past could only remain there. Titanium was no longer available and he had to accept the idea even if it was the most painful thing he had ever done. He would, however, remember this moment for the rest of his life; the last time he had been able to hold her and pretend she was his. Blackheart wondered how he would ever find the strength to give her up and never come back; how would he carry on? Going back to world domination was out of the question; he no longer had a passion for it and he doubted it would efficiently distract him. Leaving the thoughts behind, Blackheart instead concentrated on enjoying the last dance he would ever experience with the one person who had unknowingly taught him to love. I never had a dream come true Till the day that I found you Even though I pretend that I moved on You'll always be my baby I never found the words to say You're the one I think about each day And I know no matter where life takes me to A part of me will always be with you. The world around Titanium seemed to be evaporating into nothingness as she stared into the eyes of the masked man she was dancing with. They seemed so familiar yet also so different, laced with unidentifiable emotions, and once more she wondered where she had met him before. Smoky, distorted images danced in her mind but she could not comprehend what story they were telling, they were just too far and unclear for her to see. Somewhere in my memory I've lost all sense of time And tomorrow can never be ' Cause yesterday is all that fills my mind The music drowned out all other noises around them as Blackheart and Titanium, entranced by one another, floated across the dance floor. For the moment nothing but the dance mattered as each battled with the individual emotions they were feeling. They were unaware that the evident chemistry between them was drawing attention from the crowds. The king merely glared at the dancing pair but failed to do anything, deciding that he would take Titanium to task later. There's no use lookin' back or wonderin' How it could be now or might have been All this I know but still I can't find ways To let you go. I never had a dream come true Till the day that I found you Even though I pretend that I moved on You'll always be my baby I never found the words to say You're the one I think about each day And I know no matter where life takes me to A part of me will always be... \"Who are you?\" Titanium broke the silence between them, not being able to hide her curiosity anymore. The male failed to reply and she frowned; what secret was he hiding? \"Answer me,\" she demanded, her body stiffening slightly at the prospect of her being in trouble. Blackheart knew he would have to say something or she would slip through his fingers once more but how could he reveal his identity to her in such a packed room? He noticed that, though she seemed angry, her eyes were not as hard and cold as he was used to them becoming. Titanium actually looked more afraid than anything else and he knew that, in all the time he had known her, she hardly ever showed signs of fear. That was when he noticed that her aura had changed into something that was sickly sweet. His eyes flitted briefly to the king, suspicion clouding his mind. 'What did you do to her?' Blackheart thought, enraged by the idea. His anger was dampened when he realised that he was probably just looking for reasons to convince himself to take her back to earth. He brought his eyes back to hers knowing he had no other choice but to speak and hope she would not completely freak out. \"Please, don't hurt me,\" Titanium's voice was pleading and Blackheart was shocked to see the tears brimming in her eyes. \"I'm not going to hurt you, Titanium,\" he replied, disbelieving that she thought he would intentionally harm her. You'll always be the dream that fills my head Yes you will, say, \"You will\" You know you will, oh baby You'll always be the one I know I'll never forget \"How do you know my name?\" she finally spoke after a long moment of silence, his voice had stirred something deep within her. Where had she heard it before? Titanium guessed he had something to do with the memories which seemed to allude her for some reason; maybe he was in some way connected to her past on earth? \"It's me, Blackheart,\" he whispered back and she felt her heart jolt; she knew that name. The pictures became more insistent as a wave of nausea and emotions sucker punched her in the gut. Suddenly the night no longer felt magical and entrancing; all Titanium wanted to do was leave to somewhere quiet so she could think. \"I don't know you,\" Titanium said back breathlessly as the world around her swayed dangerously. A feeling of utter sickness and claustrophobia overwhelmed her as she forced her eyes to meet his once more. The look of confusion and pain which laced the blue depths made her mind tip even further into frustration. Why couldn't she remember? Titanium felt as though she was forgetting something important but why? There's no use lookin' back or wonderin' Because love is a strange and funny thing No matter how I try and try, I just can't say goodbye No, no, no, no Her words had been like a slap in the face but through the pain Blackheart decided that something definitely was not right with Titanium. How could she have forgotten so quickly? He temporarily shoved the thoughts from his mind as she swayed, leaning all her weight onto him. \"What are you doing to me? What do you want from me?\" Titanium's whispers just reached his ears as she closed her eyes, through the make-up he could see she had become pale. \"I came to check on you, to see if you're OK,\" Blackheart replied hurriedly, worry closing in around his chest, \"I wanted to say goodbye properly.\" \"Check on me? Say goodbye?\" confusion clouded her mind, when had she ever said goodbye to anyone? Time seemed to have come to a halt and all Titanium could hear was the sound of her breathing and the beating of a heart from far off. Was it his? From her position against his chest, she found some comfort from the raging storm which was engulfing her, making her feel sick beyond compare. Why did it feel as though she had done something similar before? Who was this man? I never had a dream come true Till the day that I found you Even though I pretend that I moved on You'll always be my baby Blackheart carefully watched her, was it his imagination or did she look peaceful? For a moment he allowed his mind to analyse the situation around him; this supposed rescuer and king had done something to Titanium which had made her forget her time on earth. Why? 'Perhaps he wanted her to think she knew nothing better than this,' Blackheart took in the fancy ballroom around him, 'but why would he be so insistent on her return?' his eyes found the king again. What could he possibly be planning that required Titanium's presence on the planet? Was it something so sinister that he needed to keep her blinded to it? Entrapped in a world of fantasy with no account of her life before? I never found the words to say You're the one I think about each day And I know no matter where life takes me to A part of me will always be A part of me will always be with you… \"I need to leave now,\" Titanium suddenly pulled away from him, Blackheart returning his attention to her, \"I'm sorry but I really don't feel well.\" Forgetting to curtsy like all the other woman, she hurriedly moved up the stairs and exited the room. With narrowed eyes and anger in his veins, Blackheart ripped the mask from his face and incinerated it as he teleported after her. There was no way in hell that he was going to let her be used for some other man's schemes; it was something that not even he would do. It was time to find out exactly what was going and he refused to leave until he knew every detail. Titanium ran down a passage in the palace with only a brief idea of where she was and how to get back to her room. A flash of lightning illuminated her distraught face and through the tall windows on both sides of the passage she saw the raging storm outside. She had to admit that it was a fitting way to end such a confused and messed up night, perfectly displaying the battle of emotions deep within her. Titanium hoped that Chrysos would not notice her absence until she had composed herself; there was no way she could allow him to see her in such a state. It was not something a princess did, they were supposed to be calm and peaceful, gracing the room with their presence. 'Not running from some stranger who claims to know me,' Titanium thought, knowing deep inside that he could not have just been 'some stranger'. There was something about him that made her wonder why she could not remember him even though she was sure she should. The familiar double doors to her bedroom loomed before Titanium and she hurtled toward it, opening them with such ferocity that they slammed against the wall and bounced back. \"Back,\" Titanium let out the breath she had subconsciously been holding as she closed the doors behind her. While closing her eyes in relief she pressed her back against the cool wood glad that she was finally safely away from all the chaos and commotion. It was then that she sensed the male's presence in the room and she immediately stiffened; how had he gotten there before her? A flash of lightning illuminated the room and Titanium briefly spotted him, hidden in the shadows of the corner to the far right. \"What are you doing here?\" she gripped the door handles, ready to burst out of the room if necessary. \"I've come to find out what's wrong with you,\" Blackheart stepped out of the shadows, now unmasked. Titanium looked at him with wide, frightened eyes, trying desperately to figure out what his true purpose was. \"There's nothing wrong with me,\" she replied softly, her voice failing her. \"Yes there is,\" Blackheart was now walking slowly toward her, determination set in his eyes, \"the Titanium I know does not forget, she does not let people shunt her around and she definitely does not show fear.\" \"Well then you must have me mistaken with someone else,\" she squeaked in return as she attempted to open the door but found that his icy eyes had her frozen, completely at his mercy. \"No, I don't,\" Blackheart stopped right in front of her, his eyes visibly softening as he took in her fear. Usually he would have fed off it but now he hated the mere smell of it; why was she scared of him? Blackheart reached out and put a single hand on her cheek and she flinched as if expecting him to strike out. He dropped his arm and whispered, \"You never used to be afraid of me, you were one of the only people who could almost put me into place. Your sword fighting abilities were something I always admired about you.\" \"Fighting? No, you see you do have me mistaken for someone else! I've never fought with a sword before! I absolutely hate violence!\" Titanium shot passed him, needing to breathe, to think. \"You hate violence? That's a joke! You were queen of violence on earth!\" Blackheart laughed sarcastically and she swung to face him with tears of desperation pouring from her pained eyes. \"I do not know you and am not the person you claim to have fought before! Now leave me alone! Please!\" Titanium was close to an emotional break-down as she screamed the words, stripping the expression from his face. Sobbing quietly, she turned to look at her distraught reflection in the full-length mirror. Her once neatly styled hair had sprung loose from its binds, falling in ringlets around her head and her original appearance seemed to have lost all the magic it had once held. \"Is this really who you are?\" Blackheart suddenly appeared next to her and she glanced briefly at his reflection before looking at herself once more. A gust of wind forced the windows open causing utter chaos as items were hurled around. A bolt of lightning struck the courtyard just outside her room and as it brightened her surroundings, in the midst of the commotion; Titanium saw a woman that looked identical to her replace her reflection. She wore the same black dress and boots that Titanium had discovered the previous day and clenched tightly in her hands were two lethal looking diamond swords. The woman's eyes were the same shade of blue as hers but they were colder and more dangerous, a smirk playing on her red lips. \"Oh my gosh,\" Titanium stumbled back as the air was punched from her lungs and the colour drained from her face. She grabbed the bedpost for support but as quickly as the woman had appeared she was gone again, the chaos coming to an abrupt end. In the blink of an eye everything had returned to normal but the image was stuck in Titanium's mind. That must have been the woman Blackheart had known but that was not her; or was it? \"Please leave me,\" she uttered, slowly letting go once she was sure that her legs were steady enough to carry her. \"Not until you see the truth,\" Blackheart was suddenly looking at her jewellery and Titanium gripped her necklace protectively. Her heart was hammering wildly in her chest and she needed desperately to be alone so she could think clearly. There had to be a logical explanation to everything that had happened. Perhaps she was just dreaming? Titanium pinched her arm and yelped out; hysteria closing in quickly as she realized that she was definitely still awake. \"Why is this happening? Why is my fairytale falling apart?\" Titanium sobbed, feeling utterly miserable. \"Because it isn't real! You're here under false pretences!\" Blackheart grabbed her shoulders and she cried out, trying to pull away but he held on firmly intent on getting some sense into her, \"You have got to listen to me, Titanium!\" \"No!\" she screamed and shook her head vigorously as she continued to fight him, slamming her fists into his chest and wriggling in an attempt to break free. Out of complete frustration, Blackheart kissed her. Titanium became still almost immediately as her body became taught but as the shock wore off she relaxed, the kiss sending jolts of electricity to every inch of her body and seemingly turned her blood to magma. Everything around Titanium melted away as she pulled herself closer to his solid form, throwing herself into the kiss completely. As it reached a climax, the memory of her graduation night with Blackheart assaulted her senses. One memory after the other, Titanium started to remember everything; who he was, who she had been and what she had done on earth. Though she did not want to, she broke the kiss off and tried to pull away but her legs refused to hold her and instead she was forced to cling to Blackheart for support. For a moment, all that could be heard in the room was the sound of their panting, both acutely aware of how close the other was. As the sparks started to fade and Titanium gained control of her body she wormed her way out of his arms which were wrapped protectively around her waist. \"You need to leave,\" she murmured trying her best to sound emotionless. Blackheart noticed that, though she did not seem any different, her aura had definitely returned to normal. He could do nothing more. Secretly, Blackheart had hoped that once Titanium had remembered she would have decided to come back with him but it was not to be so, he would have to return to earth alone. He watched her move toward the window and close it, never turning back to look at him, before he made his way toward the door. Sighing, he exited and closed the door behind him not knowing that, at that moment, Titanium had looked back at him longingly, wishing for him to stop. \"It's officially over,\" the words stung Blackheart as he said them. \"Too true,\" the presence suddenly became known to him but already it was too late as darkness engulfed him.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 Chrysos' POV Chrysos stormed down the passage, completely enraged by Titanium's audacity to simply leave the masquerade without informing him. He had made a complete idiot of himself when he had called out for her only to find she was absent along with the mysterious male he had witnessed her dancing with earlier. A completely sickening experience; the chemistry between them had been like none he had ever seen before. \"I shall teach her for the embarrassment she caused me!\" Chrysos shouted into the empty passage as he turned another corner. All the games and facades were over with, Titanium had shattered her own happiness by becoming involved with someone other than himself. He approached her bedroom with determination but paused; perhaps a more silent entrance would be to his benefit, especially if the two were up to something. Somewhere before Chrysos had seen the man but the memory alluded him and he could not actually have cared any less; all that mattered was securing Titanium. Quietly he opened the door and peered into the room; Titanium was perched on her bed cuddling her knees as she stared out the window. \"Why'd you leave so soon, princess?\" Chrysos did not bother to hide the anger burning in his chest. Titanium's head snapped toward him and her eyes stretched. He locked the door behind him and shoved the key into his pocket; he would not allow her to come close enough to snatch it. \"Chrysos,\" he sensed something different about her, \"I wasn't feeling well. I'm sorry I didn't inform you.\" \"It was the least you could have done, princess,\" Chrysos spat as he took a step closer to her, watching as she slipped off the bed. Her posture seemed steady and her stride strong and determined, something that he'd made sure he had ripped from her. In reality, Titanium was too strong willed for him to manipulate into his plans and therefore he'd had her memory stripped from her, replaced with a softer, more gullible personality. \"I've already said I'm sorry,\" Titanium narrowed her eyes as they hardened over. 'I might as well let the cat out of the bag,' Chrysos thought with a smirk as he yanked the key from his pocket. Her sharp eyes caught the sudden movement and she started to watch him carefully, suspicion now evident on her face. \"Well, well,\" Chrysos laughed as he swung the door open, \"it seems the first bit of my plan went horribly wrong.\" \"What do you mean?\" her eyes found their way back to his and Chrysos cursed the fact that his charm no longer seemed to affect her; it would have been an effective way to disarm her long enough for him to reach safety, to draw his trump card. \"It will do no harm revealing my plan to you. You can't do much to stop it anyway!\" he snickered at her confusion, \"That crown I gave you on earth was a carbon copy I had made but this one had a single difference; the person who first wore it would have their memory and personality ripped from their mind and replaced with a sugary sweet one. That, along with the powerfully painful emotions you were feeling, convinced you to say yes to the most appealing alternative; returning with me. All the jewellery and clothing in this room was made with the same technique so you would stay blissfully oblivious to the harsh reality you were actually caught in.\" Titanium's face went blank for a moment as she absorbed the information he had just bestowed upon her. \"None of this is real? I am no princess?\" her voice was a weak whisper proving that remnants of the memory alteration were still intact, probably powered by the jewellery and gown she had on. \"Oh, you are the princess of Ischyros, there's no doubt about that but the rest of the perfect world you live in here is a lie! What Exousia told you was the truth! I care nothing for you! I care only for your kingdom and once I control it then you will be of no use to me,\" Chrysos felt his excitement building as he came to the climax of his plan. After she seemed to have processed this new information, he added darkly, \"just like all my other wives, the princesses of every other kingdom on this planet.\" \"You low, conniving asshole!\" Titanium roared out as she launched herself at him. Chrysos shut the door in her face and locked it from the outside, activating the industrial magnets he'd had installed when the room had been redone. He heard a sharp outcry from the other side as Titanium shot away from the door, obviously injured. \"I had some magnets installed by the door and windows just so I can keep you immobile until the wedding is over. Only your lifeless corpse will leave this room,\" Chrysos cackled as he taunted her through the door. She was completely powerless. \"None of this would have happened if you had just played along,\" he suddenly became serious again as anger enveloped him and he growled, \"but no, somehow you broke away and now it's far too late for everything to return to what it was. I never thought I would need to keep you locked in, in fact; I'd hoped to maybe keep you as my final bride but you had to destroy it and this is your punishment! Enjoy it!\" Chrysos screamed before turning and storming off, heading directly for his secret room. Titanium's POV Titanium lay motionless on the floor and allowed the breath to slowly return to her shocked, burnt body. Already pus-filled boils were starting to form on her skin and she let out a short gasp of pain as she attempted to hoist herself up. Titanium cursed her foolishness; Blackheart had always told her to trust in what she knew she could believe but she had been naive enough to trust Chrysos. 'Blackheart,' she thought sadly, looking at her gloved hands, 'why did I let you leave?' he would have been able to rescue her from her dilemma but he was probably already back on earth; ready to forget about her. How could Titanium stop Chrysos if she was locked in a room with magnetism preventing her escape? She couldn't- \"Oh what a poor sop-story,\" Exousia materialised from the shadows, her cold eyes revealing her sympathy to be fake. \"What do you want?\" Titanium murmured, she had no strength to argue with the red-head, \"Go ahead, say 'I told you so.'.\" \"Oh, I did tell you so, didn't I?\" she laughed shortly, \"But that's not the reason I'm here.\" This caught Titanium's attention and she quickly looked up; this woman would not set her free so what else could she possible want? \"I have a little deal for you,\" Exousia continued as she circled Titanium like prey. \"I want to make no deals with you,\" Titanium spat in reply as she quickly forced herself to get up, ignoring the shooting pain which was ricocheting through her body. \"Oh, you'll definitely be interested in this one,\" a smirk played on her lips and a wave of suspicion flew through Titanium. As she remained quiet, Exousia took it as her cue to continue explaining, \"I want you to break out of this forsaken room and head toward the residence block deeper within the palace. There you will find a large painting of an old man and next to it, an even older woman. Pull the painting of the older woman aside and you will find a secret passage which will lead you to Chrysos' hidden room. When you get there and you see I am also present in the room, I want you to assassinate him. You are only to do so in that room and if I am present so I may witness the murder myself; I wouldn't want you screwing me over.\" Titanium watched her for a moment, surprised by what she wanted done. Chrysos had a traitor amongst his highest rank and he did not even seem to suspect it. Obviously the red-head had him wrapped her little finger. \"Why do you want him dead?\" Titanium murmured, using a similar question to the one Blackheart had asked her when she had attempted to assassinate Joanne. \"You'll agree with me when I say he's a bit of a jerk, right?\" Exousia turned to face her properly, her eyes now laced with faded versions of deep pain and sorrow from long ago. Titanium merely nodded and she continued, \"Well, a while ago we professed our undying love for the other, mine being utterly genuine. It looked to me as though he returned the feeling but when I saw how Chrysos eliminated the princesses who had been the only barriers between him and complete victory I began to doubt. He ensnared them all with the same tactics, courting them and loving them only to turn back to me and tell me it was all just part of the plan, that none of them meant anything to him. I began to believe Chrysos until he heard of you. He took extra steps to capture you, designing all sorts of fancy dresses and jewellery when he had never even given me a single flower. All Chrysos spoke about was going to earth to find you and once he did, I hoped it would be just like all the other princesses. Then he started to talk about keeping you around after the wedding and I finally lost my cool; he had hurt me more than enough and it was time I took control. I would be ruler of Metallo, all I needed was the right plan.\" \"And now you've found it,\" Titanium replied almost immediately, feeling the slightest bit of sympathy for Exousia. She, after all, knew the pain of seeing someone she cared deeply for involve himself with someone else. It was the one reason Titanium had decided to return to her supposed home planet. \"Yes,\" Exousia's eyes suddenly hardened once more, destroying all evidence of the emotional state she had been in mere seconds ago. \"What makes you think I'd help you out?\" Titanium asked simply, \"Why would I harm myself simply to gain revenge for you?\" There had been only one person she would have been willing to do that for and it definitely was not the woman before her. \"I'm glad you asked such an important question,\" Exousia's grinned sadistically as evil danced in her eyes, making them sparkle, \"I know you will because I have something important to you.\" \"I have nothing of importance here,\" Titanium snapped impatiently. \"Oh really? I believe his name is Blackheart,\" Exousia replied quickly, successfully catching Titanium's attention, \"A few years back we discovered how to trap spirits and I must say it works fabulously; one of earth's most powerful is now my prisoner. If you ever want to see him alive again, you will do as I told you to. If not, well, then we'll see just how much damage I'm capable of doing with him at my absolute mercy.\" Exousia giggled hysterically as she disappeared into a bright light. Titanium stared at the spot she had been, the room around her feeling cold and unwelcoming. Blackheart had been kidnapped and unless she found a way out of her prison cell...she expected only the worst. \"There must be some way,\" Titanium quickly scanned the room. Besides the window and door, she could think of no other possible exit, her heart faltering at the idea of her failing to rescue him. All Titanium's hope fizzled into non-existence and she wondered how long Exousia would wait before she turned her wrath on Blackheart. \"I suspect not very long,\" a sinking feeling appeared in her gut and she put her head in her hands, frustration making hot tears burn her eyes. Why was she so weak? If she had only been a little stronger she would have easily been able to break free and carry out Exousia's ransom. Titanium cursed her fear as sob after sob burst from her lips unleashing a flood of tears in their wake. Devastated by the possibility of losing him, she found she needed a way to effectively vent off the excess emotion. Titanium launched her attack on the first hateful thing she could think of; the clothing which had made her forget until it was hopelessly too late. She tore through the racks, overturning them and hurling the abominable dresses in numerous directions before using the shoes to break holes in the wooden shelves. Everything in that closet was part of the conspiracy against her and Titanium would not rest until she had destroyed every little bit of it. Unfortunately, the displacement of the racks, dresses and shoes had physically drained her and with no strength left, her body aching all over from exhaustion and the blisters, Titanium collapsed to the floor in front of the only rack left standing. It seemed to mock her apparent weakness and she struck out at it with a final blow only to have her hand catch on to a familiar piece of fabric. Slowly raising her bloodshot and tearing eyes, she took in the black dress hanging before her, radiating danger and power into her. \"What is this display of weakness?\" Titanium hissed at herself as she ripped the necklace and bracelet from her body. They were hindering her thoughts and she would need full control to find a solution to her current dilemma. She started to rise, never taking her eyes off the only source of strength she had left, the only reminder which portrayed the power and ability she had formerly possessed. Titanium started to peel the now dull and disgusting dress from her body, ripping the strappy heels from her feet and the gloves from her hands. She disposed of the items into a bundle along with other deserted clothing items, a symbol of the fake world she had been ensnared in. With her mind finally restored to what it once was, Titanium slipped into the black dress and pulled the boots onto her feet, ignoring the pain from her burnt skin. She had experienced far worse injuries. \"This is who I am,\" Titanium said firmly to herself as she took in her reflection in the full-length mirror, \"not Princess Titanio; weak and gullible. I am Titanium; free-spirited, strong and determined!\" she then summoned her trusty diamond sword, getting used to the feel and smashed the mirror with all her might, stepping over the pieces as she exited the walk-in cupboard. Titanium slammed the doors behind her as she assessed her situation; the only obstacle in her way was a possible exit. She set her eyes on the door as she considered it as a possible option. With the right amount of force she would be able to break it down, successfully obtaining her freedom but she did not know how much damage the magnets would inflict on her already weakened skin. \"What are you willing to sacrifice for him?\" Titanium asked herself as her eyes took in the reddened skin of her arms. The answer was clear; she would give-up anything and everything to see him leave the planet alive. Titanium covered her hands and arms with a thick layer of diamond while stepping back toward the windows, her mind made up. She braced herself, taking only a moment to take deep breaths while she mentally prepared herself. With her heart pumping determination and strength powered by her total love for and devotion toward Blackheart, Titanium hurtled towards the doors, arms outstretched, with as much speed as she could muster awaiting impact and pain at any moment. Blackheart's POV Slowly Blackheart started to regain consciousness, immediately realizing that he was in an unfamiliar room. How had he gotten there? Something pricked at his memory, something that included Titanium in some abstract way. \"Titanium?\" Blackheart asked in a hoarse voice, feeling confused. \"She's fine,\" a female voice replied snidely, \"I think you should be more worried about yourself.\" The voice rang a bell in his head and suddenly the memories of the past day flooded back into his mind, overwhelming him. The masquerade, dancing with Titanium, the conversation they'd had and the kiss...it had been directly afterward that this female had somehow managed to take Blackheart by surprise and kidnap him. \"Who are you? And what do you want with me?\" Blackheart replied, slipping back into devil's son mode; he would not have anyone walk over him. The female exposed herself, her eyes shining maliciously as she walked around him. \"You are my ransom,\" she purred in reply. \"Ransom? For what?\" Blackheart could not wrap his head around the fact that she had actually been able to capture him. What other kind of technology did this planet possess? It suddenly occurred to him that it could possibly have been Titanium's 'rescuer' that had ordered his kidnapping. Had he witnessed any of the moments they had shared? \"I want Titanium to do something for me,\" the woman came to a stop in front of Blackheart, a cat-like smile on her face, \"and the only way she'll do it is if I have something special of hers.\" \"What makes you think I'm special to her?\" Blackheart snapped in return, disliking the idea of Titanium being manipulated. \"Oh, don't even try to deny it,\" the woman laughed shortly, \"I saw those tender moments you shared. I must say, you did come at the right time. My plan will now pan out perfectly if she plays along. If not, well, I feel sorry for you.\" \"Do what you will to me,\" Blackheart said in a low, dangerous voice, \"you leave her out of any of this.\" \"It's too late for such negotiations,\" the woman crossed her arms, \"you aren't in the position to be making demands anyway.\" He felt like throttling her but when he reached out the force field became visible as it flickered once before fading once more. She looked amused at his futile attempts and was about to mock him when they both heard someone else approaching. The woman immediately turned her attention to the unknown person, a frown prominent on her face. Blackheart too looked in the general direction, hoping that it was not Titanium coming to agree to whatever this woman was planning. \"Ah,\" she spoke even before the person appeared, \"Chrysos, you're just in time.\" she had just finished speaking when Titanium's 'rescuer' stepped from the shadows into the light. He took barely a moment as his eyes flew from Blackheart to his kidnapper, a look of suspicion crossing his face. \"What's going on, Exousia?\" Chrysos questioned sharply. \"I decided to kidnap the mysterious masked individual that had such an effect on your fiancé,\" Exousia blatantly lied to his face, Blackheart frowning. Whatever she was planning, she did not want Chrysos to know anything about it. \"You,\" his attention turned to Blackheart, \"you were the person she said goodbye to on earth. What are you doing on my planet?\" he remained silent, keeping an impassive look on his face; he was not obliged to answer to any of these people. \"How did you capture him? He's merely a spirit!\" Chrysos spat at Exousia, a look of rage now clouding his eyes, \"And why was I not informed or included in this plan of yours?\" \"It was quite spontaneous,\" Exousia replied silkily as she approached him with caution, \"I followed them from the masquerade and decided to apprehend him. It was only in your interest that I did this.\" \"How?\" Chrysos seemed unaffected by her answer remaining stiff and icy toward her. \"Remember that technology the labs were busy with? The one that kept failing? Well they were able to create a prototype that appeared to work. I decided to try it out and look, it functions perfectly,\" now she was merely trying to impress him, probably hoping to distract him long enough until his anger cooled down. Chrysos turned his attention to the platform on which Blackheart was standing only showing a mild interest; apparently he was not as easy to distract as Exousia hoped. \"You had no right to do this without my permission, Exousia!\" he struck out at her but she expertly sprung out the way, landing a few metres away. Exousia's body stiffened as she paused for barely a moment before she sprung back into action, a seductive smile plastered on her lips. Blackheart watched her carefully, suspecting already what her possible plan could be. \"Soon I won't need your permission,\" Exousia grinned, circling him slowly with hungry eyes. \"What?\" Chrysos demanded in return, suspicion clouding his eyes. She shifted her gaze just passed his right shoulder and smirked. \"Your reign has come to an end, Chrysos. It's time to let a younger generation rule,\" Exousia nodded her head once she had finished speaking as she started to move toward Blackheart, confusion clouding Chrysos' face. He had no time to further question her as Titanium suddenly sprung from the shadows, diamond swords clutched tightly in her fists. He was barely able to jerk out of the way of the two sharpened blades, eyes stretched in utter shock as she immediately swung around and struck again. She carried the same fluidity, speed and accuracy as she had on earth making Blackheart smirk in triumph; he had managed to successfully free her. \"Princess! You are skating on thin ice!\" Chrysos hissed as he reached out for her, using his hands to block her attack. Titanium sliced the blade of one sword across his palm, blood gushing from the deep wound and Chrysos was forced to jerk away from her. As he cradled his hand to his chest he glared at her with dangerous eyes. \"You disgusting, worthless being,\" Chrysos spat venomously, \" you do not deserve your title, Princess Titanio. Stop this now!\" Titanium's entire body seemed to stiffen as he used the name she deemed fake; it was a poisonous reminder of the fool she had been played for. \"My name is Titanium,\" she snapped in return, \"and I am not an inferior being for you to command.\"Chrysos' lip curled up in absolute contempt as he dropped both his arms to his side. Blackheart wondered what he planned to do next and could not help but worry about Titanium; this man definitely seemed dangerous. It was as she went in for another attack that Chrysos swung around and kicked her, connecting with her upper abdomen. Titanium collided harshly with the table but sprung up immediately, apparently unaffected by his comeback. \"Come on!\" Exousia yelled from beside Blackheart, \"You know what's at stake here!\" \"You had this ordered?\" Chrysos' head snapped in her direction, fury burning in his eyes. \"Of course I did,\" she replied silkily, \"who better to take you down than the enraged fiancé who you brainwashed and kidnapped!\" Exousia giggled deviously as her plan finally became evident to him. \"When I've taken her down, you are next, Exousia,\" he snarled, \"and you can expect the worst punishment imaginable!\" \"Oh please!\" Exousia snickered at his pathetic attempt to scare her, \"I doubt you could take someone who has almost the same amount of skill as me down. Now destroy him, Titanium!\" Blackheart kept his eyes firmly trained on Titanium, hoping that she would remember all her former strategies and fighting skills. She would probably need everything he had ever taught her and maybe even the abilities she had taught herself. \"How can you fight for the traitor?\" Chrysos demanded of Titanium who was merely watching him with calculating eyes. \"I'm not fighting for her,\" she cocked her head in Exousia's direction, \"I'm fighting for someone else.\" \"Him?\" Chrysos looked directly at Blackheart as amusement twinkled in his eyes, \"the man you said goodbye to on earth? Don't be such a hypocrite!\" \"I did not leave on my own free will,\" Titanium replied icily, her voice dropping in volume. She was starting to lose her temper, something that would be dangerous for both her and Chrysos', depending on how everything played out. Without leaving him any time to get another snide comment in, Titanium summoned six diamond daggers which she speedily slipped into the spaces between each finger. Contracting her arms and tensing all her muscles, she hurled the daggers at him with as much ferocity as she could muster. Chrysos dropped to the floor as the lethal missiles impaled themselves into various books, sometimes going right through, and charts which surrounded the room. Titanium was quickly in front of him and with both hands stabbed the sword right at him. Chrysos was quick enough, though, to grab onto her legs and pull them out from under her sending the sword flying as she collapsed to the floor. With lightning speed, he straddled her waist and began throttling her, effectively pinning her down. \"Perhaps you need some motivation!\" Exousia hissed at Titanium as she sheathed her own weapon and faced Blackheart, \"goodbye, spirit.\" She then lunged the blade through his chest. Titanium's POV Titanium could feel her body become icy cold as she heard the sword pierce flesh, her mind screaming out for it to be something else. Anything but what she knew it was... With difficulty she was able to crane her neck to the side but she refused to believe what her eyes were seeing. Exousia slowly slid the clean blade from Blackheart's chest as his body fell unmoving to the floor. With newfound determination and strength, Titanium bucked Chrysos off and jumped to her feet as anger made complete madness consume her body. Both of them would go down for what they did, she would make sure of that even if she had to die trying. \"Yes, that's more like it!\" Exousia called from the side, completely delighted. Titanium could not decide which she hated more; the sound of her voice or the sound of the sword piercing Blackheart's chest. Both were equally hateful. A deep growl erupted from her chest as Titanium attacked Chrysos with even more speed and ferocity than she had showed before, making it nearly impossible for him to dodge. He showed no signs of weakness as he continued to fight, barely blocking and dodging each slash of the sword. Frustration and impatience started to build up in Titanium as more time passed without her getting a single hit in. 'What is wrong with me?' she thought as yet another of her attacks missed. \" You need to concentrate if you want to get a hit in. I'm stronger and faster than you but you have strategy and that makes you dangerous to any type of opponent,\" Blackheart's words rang in her mind; it had been the one time he had given her advice and treated her like an equal at school. She took a moment to breathe in once and collect herself; she need to ignore all distractions and calm down. Only then would Titanium get anywhere in her battle. \"Are you giving up?\" Exousia's words broke into her state of calmness but she refused to let them enrage her. Titanium knew she needed peace of mind and as soon as she had it she slowly opened her eyes, seeing a new scene before her. She had one goal: to get to Blackheart. She had two obstructions blocking her path. \"This is far from over,\" Titanium's voice was calm and deadly. Already she had a strategy worked out in her mind and she was shocked by how blind she'd had to be not to have considered it before. Titanium launched another attack and predictably Chrysos jumped out of the way. After a few more test attacks, she had gathered enough information to put her plan into action. Relying on speed and accuracy; she pretended to lunge herself at him, purposefully missing by a few inches as she quickly spun around and shoved a diamond sword into his back. Chrysos, thinking he had successfully sprung out the way, gasped in shock as he sunk to the floor. Her calculations had been correct to the finest detail; by barely missing him, he sprung out the way a shorter distance than usual allowing her to use a surprise attack from behind. \"Now it's your turn, Exousia,\" Titanium swung to face the red head but found that she was absent from the room. Her eyes narrowed as she scanned her surroundings but she could not even pick up her aura. Exousia had escaped. That fact barely registered in her mind as her eyes came to Blackheart's motionless body, panic engulfing her chest. Titanium dropped her swords and sprinted toward him, falling to her knees and coming to a skidding stop next to him. \"Blackheart?\" her voice was surprisingly tender as she reached out a single shaking hand to cup his face, \"Please, say something.\" Titanium's heart fluttered as her pleading fell on deaf ears, his eyes remaining lifeless. \"No-,\" Titanium's voice broke as the truth finally began to sink in; she had failed and now there was nothing more she could do. Hot tears fell from her eyes and wet his trench coat while she was left to wonder how one person could make her cry so much in such a short period of time? \"How could I have let you down? You paid for my silliness,\" she spoke in a mere whisper not trusting herself to speak any louder. Sobs erupted from her chest as Titanium buried her face in Blackheart's unmoving torso, hoping against hope to feel some sort of breathing or hear a heartbeat. Only her own heartbeat echoed in her ears and she wished she could give it to him; the sound was abominable to her, teasing her. \"Dammit, Blackheart! You can't die! YOU CAN'T!\" Titanium shrieked as she began to shake him, feeling hurt and delirious. When nothing happened, she sat down next to him and pulled her hair while rocking back and forth, crying until she had no tears left and her throat, eyes and head throbbed. Still, she could not feel comforted or the littlest bit satisfied. Nothing would ever be able to fill the gap in her heart and soul which Blackheart had left behind. Titanium felt hot and cold at the same time as she forced her bloodshot eyes to look at him again, fatigue setting in. \"I'm so sorry,\" she murmured as she lay next to him and placed her head on his chest for the last time. A feeling of temporary peace and melancholy enveloped Titanium and she closed her eyes, her mind creating the illusion that he was not a lifeless corpse and they were really sharing a tender moment. \"I love you so much, always have and always will. Nothing can change that fact. I know I should probably have told you earlier but I was so afraid of how you'd react but you came after me,\" she spoke into his chest as she sighed in contentment, \"In a world filled with only deception and pain you were the truth that set me free. I don't know how to thank you enough, Blackheart.\" Titanium shortly fell asleep afterwards, peace and heartache living in odd harmony within her wounded heart. After only a short period of time passed, Blackheart's body evaporated into a cloud of black smoke and disappeared, leaving her sprawled on the cold concrete floor as guards poured into the room to investigate.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 Exousia's POV Exousia took in the vegetation of her surrounding area and frowned; earth definitely was a strange place to be. The atmosphere reeked of pollution and she snorted in disgust knowing that the careless inhabitants of the planet would bring about their own end. \"Good riddance,\" Exousia muttered as she stepped onto a deserted road, \"this planet is disgusting anyway.\" \"That's not nice,\" the male voice immediately made her swing around in shock. How had he snuck up on her? The aging old man reeked of evil which made her scrunch her face up in contempt. \"Who the hell are you?\" she demanded of him. \"Mephistopheles,\" he replied smoothly and she felt gooseflesh cover her body; Exousia had definitely not expected to run into him. She was powerless against him on this planet, she had none of the technology Metallo possessed and could not dare to go back. \"You're not from around here,\" Mephistopheles started to circle her, \"what are you doing on earth?\" \"Hiding from someone,\" Exousia replied truthfully, wondering why she was revealing any information to the man. Did she honestly think that he would perhaps help her? She knew it was a possibility, especially if she told him of her defeat over his pestering son. Would he be glad or angered? \"Who?\" Mephistopheles broke into her train of thought as his beady eyes roamed over her, his cane tapping lightly on the tar as he walked. \"None of your business,\" Exousia snapped in return. \"Perhaps this has something to do with my son?\" he answered casually, ignoring her reply completely. Exousia could feel her blood turn to ice as she watched him carefully for some sort of negative reaction. \"What if it does?\" she finally spoke after a moment of silence, considering whether it was safe or not to confess. \"If you're hiding from Titanium on earth it's pointless,\" Mephistopheles once more ignored her as he continued to speak; apparently he already knew everything, \"she knows this place better than even I do and that's saying something.\" \"She won't think of looking for me on earth,\" Exousia said matter-of-factly, disliking his know-it-all attitude; how could he possibly know the extent of what had happened? \"I wouldn't underestimate her,\" Mephistopheles tutted before a sly grin slipped onto his face as he came to a standstill before her once more, \"especially if she wants revenge and she definitely will. You see, Titanium doesn't take lightly to people harming Blackheart. Ask my Rider, he understands the full extent she would go to.\" Exousia could not help but gulp uncertainly; perhaps she had not thought her plan through. Of course, attacking Blackheart had been completely spontaneous and apparently it would cost her dearly if she let Titanium find her. \"How do you know this has anything to do with Titanium?\" Exousia spat at him as she slipped out of her temporary panic. \"When Blackheart's body turned up in hell I could smell something foreign yet familiar on him; it smelt like Titanium, something extraterrestrial. Then I felt your aura on earth and you had the same alien smell to you so I assumed it was all connected. I mean, why would you turn up just after he appeared in hell?\" Mephistopheles chuckled lightly as he looked up at the sky, \"Obviously you had attacked him for whatever reason and now she is after you. Especially since she thinks you committed murder. \" \"She won't find me,\" Exousia insisted, still surprised by his level of intelligence even though most of his theory had been assumptions. \"Don't say I didn't warn you, alien,\" Mephistopheles grinned before disappearing into a cloud of black smoke. She could not help but feel slightly intimidated; from what she had seen and now what he had told her, it seemed that Titanium was definitely more skilled and determined than she had first thought. Of course, they had experience with her whereas Exousia had none at all, they knew fully what she was capable of when she had only seen a bit. This meant that she was in a disadvantaged position and she needed to remove herself from it as quickly as possible before it was too late. It was as she thought that, that the bright light suddenly collided with the earth in the distance sending minor tremors through the surrounding forest. Exousia did not stay long enough to find out what it was, instead she started to hurtle into the distance hoping she could find the perfect place to hide. Her disadvantage position seemed only to grow more with each second that passed as she realized that she had no understanding to how anything worked on earth. What was their level of technology? How dangerous was their nature? 'Not dangerous enough to protect me from her,' Exousia thought despairingly knowing that both of them had a high enough skill to fend off any ferocious creature which came their way. Who between them was more skilled though? Whose desire was stronger? Titanium's desire for revenge or Exousia's desire to live? \"Stop thinking about her!\" Exousia hissed at her worried mind. Instead she continued to run and eventually her endless searching bore fruits as she came across a rundown wooden structure that she guessed had to have been someone's home at some stage. The mere thought of having to live in such a derogatory state disgusted her immensely but she knew that her need to stay hidden and alive was stronger than that of her distaste. The door creaked on its hinges and carefully Exousia stepped into the dark enclosure which reeked of dampness and disuse; a good sign that no one had inhabited the shack for quite a while. Still she took her time to investigate every little thing until she was absolutely sure that it was completely unused. Exousia definitely did not want an occurrence where she was, unsuspecting, jumped by some of the unknown yet disgusting human inhabitants of the planet. \"I will have to remain here for a while until such a time I think it is safe,\" Exousia murmured as she made herself as comfortable as possible. A long wait stretched out before her; hours turning into days and days turning into dreary, monotonous weeks. With each passing second, Exousia became more and more impatient until after only a month and two days had passed she decided it was safe enough for her to return home. She was sick of the pathetic existence she was currently being forced to live and all out of fear of some silly enraged princess; what had she been thinking? There was nothing about Titanium to fear, she was probably as scary and ferocious as a cream puff. \"Pathetic,\" Exousia spat in contempt as she exited the wooden shack she had called home and set off into the disgusting vegetation that the humans called a forest. They had much to learn from Metallo about what a true forest was. She was in the middle of her ranting when the diamond dagger catapulted passed her and impaled itself into a thin tree trunk, splitting it in two. Exousia's blood ran cold as she expertly swung around in time to barely miss yet another missile, this one actually slicing the tips of hair. \"Finally the scaredy-cat came out to play,\" Titanium was approaching her with deadly intent, determination laced in her steady stride. \"I'm not afraid of you, princess,\" Exousia barked in reply as she sheathed her own weapons. It was time to end this ridiculous game of cat and mouse. \"I am not a princess,\" was the sharp reply that shot from Titanium's pursed crimson lips. Shortly following her words were two more diamond daggers which forced Exousia to fall to the floor as a manner of ducking. Titanium immediately pounced and pinned her to the dirt using all her strength to keep the wriggling woman still while she summoned her trusty diamond sword. \"I've always disliked you, you ungrateful bitch,\" Exousia murmured in disgust, \"you take your gifts for granted when other, more worthy people have no abilities at all!\" \"What nonsense are you spouting?\" Titanium hissed impatiently, \"Or is this the fear consuming your mind?\" her smirk was temporary as Exousia bucked her off, using all the strength she had been storing since the first day of her escape. She slammed Titanium into the rough bark of an oak tree, tightening her slim fingers around her neck. \"You have two abilities; the control over both titanium and diamond,\" she seemed to be stating an obvious fact but continued to say, \"I, on the other hand, have no such abilities. All my forsaken life I've been the outcast, the useless one so I decided to hone my fighting skills, my hand-to-hand combat abilities and make my way to a recognisable position. That way I would prove to all my haters just what I can do with the right determination and I got it right until you came along. You having the gift of two abilities and the title of princess, not needing to even lift a finger for intense strength to be handed to you. You had to do no work!\" Exousia's past anger at all the people who had cast her out mixed with the intense hatred she felt for Titanium and she tightened her fingers even more. The princess was becoming dangerously pale as her crystal eyes rolled back into her head and she gagged desperately for air. Just as Exousia became overconfident, Titanium struck back with a surprisingly strong kick to the lower abdomen sending her catapulting into a moss covered boulder. Titanium was on her knees, heaving heavily as she looked up with icy eyes filled with passion. \"You're wrong,\" she whispered hoarsely, \"power was not handed to me. I did work for it, I also spent countless long hours trying to perfect my skills. I have not had a pampered life, anything but and I prefer it that way. You, however, stole the most important part of that life from me and now I will make you pay. Enough chit chat. Fight, Exousia, to the death.\" Titanium rose slowly from the ground with her swords clenched in both fists. Exousia mimicked her as she too grabbed for her most trusted weapons, both narrowing their eyes at the enemy. 'This is it,' Exousia thought before launching herself at Titanium with both her swords poised behind her. Expertly she lashed out but Titanium had a counter attack for every blow she attempted, never getting a single hit in. The two struggled endlessly as they stumbled over rocks and roots and other undergrowth which littered the forest floor, never once losing their concentration or balance. Eventually Titanium became bored with only countering Exousia's attacks and went from defensive to offensive, spinning around and attempting a backhand slash at her abdomen. Exousia barely managed to block as she countered with a direct stab at Titanium's leg who used the opposite side to block the attack, swinging both swords up and trying the same attack with her other hand. Exousia did a quick back flip out of the way hoping to maybe land a kick at Titanium's face but she instead grabbed her enemy's leg and hurled her to the side. 'This is going nowhere and she isn't even exhausted yet,' Exousia thought as she quickly sprung up and got into a defensive position. Slacking would cost her dearly. Making a quick calculation in her mind, Exousia hurtled directly at Titanium who predictably sprung out the way allowing her to get her footing on a tree which she then used to propel herself into the air. Titanium was definitely shocked as she watched Exousia descend in slow motion, one sword held in front of her while the other was poised behind her. Titanium reacted quickly, swinging the sword in her left hand at Exousia's outstretched arm while her right hand countered other sword which she had propelled forward. Exousia landed with a thump before her and once more the two women launched numerous attacks at the other, hoping desperately that enemy would slip up. After countless fruitless attempts they stopped briefly, breathing heavily as they took each other in for the moment. What was the other planning? \"Don't bother fleeing,\" Titanium spoke up as Exousia considered making a run for it, shocking her to her core, \"I will find you.\" She allowed her eyes to harden over, eliminating any previous signs of weakness. Escape was not the answer. \"I'm not going anywhere,\" Exousia spat, \"I won't make it that easy for you to sneak up on me.\" She watched a smirk play on Titanium's lips and could not help but feel ever so slightly intimidated by the possibilities she was considering. Mephistopheles' words echoed in her head and Exousia could feel her body stiffen slightly; to what extent was Titanium willing to go for revenge? \"I already have,\" Titanium broke into her train of thought and Exousia immediately became aware of the trap she had fallen in. All the previous fighting had only been to tire her out, to exhaust her physical abilities whilst Titanium still had a full range of attacks to choose from fuelled on by her gifts. As quickly as she had spoken, the metal chain suddenly formed around Exousia and pinned her arms to her side, forcing her to drop both her swords to the floor. The two ends of the chain wrapped tightly around the trees situated before her and behind her, limiting her movement completely. \"Normally an attack like this would never have worked when you were so alert,\" Titanium moved toward her, \"but once you're tired you become vulnerable. Blackheart always told me that and I find it ironic that his words of advice are to be your downfall.\" Without any further delay she plunged her diamond sword deep into Exousia's chest, darkness and peace slowly setting in on her trapped mind. Titanium's POV Titanium stood on the edge of a cliff and stared out at the beauty of the sunset which surrounded her and welcomed her home. Although earth was not where she was born, it would always be the place most familiar, welcoming and comfortable to her. Unfortunately the atmosphere was not the same without Blackheart's presence. \"Something you will get used to,\" Titanium whispered into the wind as a cool breeze swirled around her and caressed her skin. No matter how peaceful the moment was it would never be perfect, not without him by her side. Titanium clung to the memory of the little time they had spent together at and after the masquerade...she regretted sending him away and not confessing to him. She had been so confused at the time that she had only wanted time to clear her thoughts and now she would have to forever live with estranged and sometimes tortured memories. \"Will I ever truly be free?\" Titanium asked the sky as she set her eyes on the first star evident in the inky blackness which was enveloping the atmosphere. The answer, obvious and daunting, made tears prickle in her eyes which she desperately fought to contain. She highly doubted that she would ever find any sort of comfort, perhaps one day she would move on because she was forced to but she definitely would never forget. A long ago, childhood rhyme popped into her head and Titanium found herself smiling sadly; what was one try? \"Star light, star bright, first star I see tonight; I wish I may, I wish I might have the wish I wish tonight,\" Titanium kept her eyes fixed on the evening star as she sent her silent wish to the sky, knowing already that it was impossible. She had failed and now, not even the evening star would be able to right her wrong. It was a silly, childish thing to hope that wishes still came true. \"What did you wish for?\" the all too familiar voice sent shivers up Titanium's spine as her entire body stiffened. Slowly she turned and there he stood showing no evidence that he had been murdered or even injured. Her eyes stretched in surprise as her overwhelmed mind attempted to comprehend what it was being told. \"You seem shocked to see me,\" Blackheart continued after a moment of silence. \"I saw you die,\" Titanium whispered hoarsely. \"A small wound inflicted by an earthly weapon cannot kill me,\" Blackheart's eyes twinkled with amusement, \"you of all people should know that. How many times have you stabbed me with no success?\" Titanium still could not believe what she was seeing or hearing. If the wound had not killed him then why had he fallen? Why had he been motionless when she had approached? She attempted to ask him all these questions but all she managed was a pitiful squeak before she shut her mouth. \"Titanium, I'm not that easy to get rid of,\" Blackheart placed his hands on her shoulders as he stared into her confused eyes, \"yes, I might be wounded but I heal if I return to hell.\" \"I saw you die,\" Titanium repeated stupidly before quickly adding, \"you were motionless and not breathing.\" \"And then I returned to hell to heal,\" Blackheart concluded with a small smile. \"For a month and two days?\" she asked, still feeling unconvinced. \"Depending on the severity of the wound, yes, it could take that long to come to a full recovery,\" he shrugged and let go of her, turning his attention to the horizon where only a quarter of the sun was still visible. Titanium slowly began to realize that she was not dreaming and that Blackheart really was standing before her, alive and well. Tears of joy streamed down her face and she prayed that he would not turn and see them. How she longed to embrace him and weep on his shoulder, to allow all the sorrow and heartache she had felt to flow from her soul only to be replaced by the endless joy she felt at the mere thought that he was alive. \"Why did you never mention anything, Titanium?\" Blackheart suddenly asked, still not making eye-contact with her. \"About what?\" she hoped the tears would not be evident in her voice. \"I heard every word you said to me on Metallo when you thought I was dead,\" Blackheart replied emotionlessly, keeping a perfect poker face as he watched the sunset blink for the last time bathing the earth in darkness. Titanium felt her eyes stretch once more as the reality of his words sunk in; she had confessed her heart and soul to his supposed corpse and he had heard her every word. \"No matter how much I longed to tell you, I still remembered who you are and what you would do with such information. You would have tried to manipulate me if you knew I felt anything else but dislike for you,\" Titanium replied truthfully as she wiped the remaining tears from her eyes. \"Originally your assumption would have been correct. It is the truth and I am not afraid to admit it,\" Blackheart turned to look at her, \"but it isn't anymore because every word you spoke rang true on both sides.\" \"What?\" Titanium asked as confusion clouded her expression. \"I love you,\" the words felt like a cool breeze which tickled her over-heated heart, the first sip of water after weeks of dehydration, \"I always have but never noticed it until the day you left for Metallo. I had to come after you to see if you were OK.\" \"And I am glad you did,\" Titanium murmured as she reached out for him no longer caring if her saw her weeping, all she wanted to do was cry. \"You're crying,\" Blackheart was shocked for only a moment before sadness clouded his eyes, entwined with confusion. \"Tears of joy,\" she whispered as he attempted to wipe the endless streams away. Titanium placed her hand above his own and smiled reassuringly. Though both of them were completely new to romance, she knew that they would be able to explore it together and make it through anything. The moment was perfect. \"I never thought I'd ever see you-,\" he started but she cut him off. \"I didn't think so either but things have changed,\" she laughed lightly as she broke away from him, still struggling to comprehend that he too felt the same. It was an awkward thought and Titanium knew it would take a while to get used to the idea. Mephistopheles' definitely would not like it... \"Blackheart, what about your father?\" already numerous problems were making themselves known to her; all the original reasons why she had kept her feelings secret returning with fresh waves of anxiety. \"I don't care what he thinks,\" Blackheart countered immediately as he wrapped his arms protectively around her waist. \"We'll always be fighting against him,\" Titanium muttered sadly. The idea of an eternity of fighting for power against him was definitely not appealing to her. She wanted to live in peace with Blackheart not surrounded by violence and murder. \"We always have,\" Blackheart did not seem to understand what she was trying to say, \"it's enough for me to just be with you. I don't care about the rest.\" \"I do,\" Titanium wondered if she was perhaps being selfish. She was, after all, trying to persuade him to leave behind the only life he had ever known. \"What do you propose we do then?\" he did not seem bothered at the moment by the idea, only overly curious. \"Go to Metallo. Then your father can rule and so can you,\" Titanium knew she was treading on dangerous grounds but she still waded in further, \"they need a ruler and I am a princess. It's the perfect alternative.\" Blackheart considered the idea, his expression not revealing any of the possible emotions he could be feeling. She wrung her hands nervously as silence enveloped them and she was left to wonder if she had perhaps been foolish to propose what she had. \"Is such an option still available after your attempted murder against the king?\" Blackheart enquired nonchalantly after a moment. \"The guards are under the impression someone else was behind the attack because they found me unconscious at the scene,\" Titanium replied quickly, \"I played on that and made them think it was Exousia. I simply told them that she knocked me out and that I didn't know what happened after that.\" \"I see,\" was all he said as he slowly, almost reluctantly, pulled away from her, \"if I agree to this, it's going to be a big change.\" \"I know,\" Titanium said softly as she dropped her eyes to the floor, \"but I also know that we can do it. I've always believed that you were a far better ruler than your father.\" \"Will Metallo accept me?\" Blackheart questioned as he attempted to consider all the factors involved in such a decision. \"My people seem to adore me,\" Titanium started, unsure of exactly how to reply. She had not been on the planet long enough to have such knowledge of the population, \"and as long as you're a better king than Chrysos I'm sure they will.\" \"I don't know, Titanium,\" Blackheart ran his hand through his hair as he stared out at the darkness and peace of the night. It was definitely a difficult decision to make; was he willing to leave behind the evil and violent lifestyle he was used to for a more peaceful, honourable one? \"If you don't want to go, I understand,\" Titanium smiled as she placed a hand on his shoulder. Blackheart looked at her with indecisive eyes; he probably would be happy with any situation as long as he was with her. Would they continue with their little battles that he had come to look forward to though? The possibility was extremely slim. He frowned inwardly, the change was suddenly starting to look all the less appealing to him but who was he to judge the situation if he had not even tried it yet? \"We could give it a try, I suppose,\" Titanium must have sensed his hesitance because she openly frowned as she dropped her hand to her side. \"I don't want to do anything you're uncomfortable with,\" was her sharp reply, \"don't feel as if you're obliged to do it.\" Blackheart wanted to flinch and hit himself for breaking the moment; how was it that he managed to mess up so easily around her? \"I'm just a little unsure,\" he tried to remedy the situation, \"that's why I said we could give it a try and if I'm still unsure we can discuss what we plan to do from there on.\" Titanium was honestly surprised by the sudden equality and consideration he was showing her. It was as if they had already been together for ages, confiding in the other and making decisions together. The idea made her want to smile and she did, for a second believing that she had seen the sides of Blackheart's mouth twitching as well. Titanium would eventually get a proper smile out of him. \"Thank-you,\" she flung her arms around him and he automatically embraced her in a hug that warmed her from the inside out. Titanium absorbed all the warmth and strength she could from him, enjoying every second she spent in his arms, him enjoying the feel of holding her. \"When do you want to go?\" Blackheart enquired after a moment, \"And how will we get there?\" \"Perhaps tomorrow morning, I want to spend some time alone with you on earth,\" Titanium replied softly, feeling completely relaxed, \"and I have a ship somewhere in the forest.\" \"It's settled then,\" he pecked her on the lips, the kiss lingering for a moment. Titanium could feel the butterflies erupting in her stomach sending little waves of static through her body and making her fingertips tingle. \"I need to stop doing that,\" Blackheart commented hoarsely. \"Why?\" Titanium whispered breathlessly, \"I like it.\" \"So do I,\" he replied against her lips, \"so much so that I actually think it's unhealthy.\" \"You're spouting nonsense,\" Titanium tried to snap but was too intoxicated to sound annoyed or dismissive at his words, \"how can something so natural be unhealthy?\" \"It disorientates me,\" Blackheart rested his forehead against hers, \"you disorientate me.\" \"Is that a good thing?\" Titanium could not help asking curiously as she peered up into his eyes. \"You tell me,\" was all he said before he kissed her again, this time properly. The butterflies in her stomach immediately turned to fireworks and she felt her legs turn to jelly, forcing her to lean completely on him. A thousand images erupted in her mind although it felt like she was thinking nothing at all. Magma coursed through her veins setting her skin alight and she knew that never in her life before had she felt as alive. All her senses were alert yet completely dulled, anything outside of their fairytale world was nonexistent to either of them. Kisses like this she could definitely get accustomed to. \"Good, definitely good,\" Titanium blurted when they broke apart for air, both completely overwhelmed by the sensations which were enveloping them. \"What?\" Blackheart asked, completely dazed still. The world around them slowly started to form again, neither of them realizing how quickly it had disappeared in the first place. \"I dunno,\" Titanium slurred before giggling girlishly against his chest. She felt completely immature but could not have cared any less, she was happy and that was all that mattered. Blackheart was looking down at her with a cocked eyebrow and she recognized the familiar amusement twinkling in the blue depths. \"I don't think I should kiss you,\" Blackheart joked and immediately she stiffened, glaring up at him as all her seriousness returned in a single dose. The changing moods and personalities made her head swim dangerously. \"Why not?\" she demanded hotly, disliking the prospect of him not kissing her on a frequent basis. \"Oh, feisty about that aren't we?\" he teased, continuing his little game with her, \"You become all girly and giggly when I do and I'm not sure if I like that you. I prefer this one.\" Titanium's eyebrows shot into her hairline as she studied his expression only realizing after a moment that he was merely joking with her. Her face reddened immensely as she playfully walloped him on the arm, trying desperately to send him as sharp a look as possible. \"I was only pulling your leg,\" Blackheart immediately pulled her back into a tight embrace, \"do you really think I would be able to resist kissing you?\" \"Probably not,\" Titanium grinned up at him and he cocked an eye brow at her. \"That was a rhetorical question,\" he stated stiffly and she smirked, she would even the scores with him eventually even if it was only with numerous small wins. \"Brilliant deduction, Sherlock,\" Titanium replied sarcastically, \"I'm sure even a toddler would know that.\" \"Oh really?\" Blackheart could sense what she was doing, \"Maybe I should just kiss you again, that'll get you to shut-up.\" His smirk grew wider as Titanium flailed aimlessly for the perfect reply. After a moment she accepted her inevitable defeat and instead just rested her head against his chest again. \"I'll get you back,\" she muttered eventually, trying desperately to redeem her pride and ego. \"We'll see,\" Blackheart spoke into her hair, the little verbal fight completely forgotten already as he inhaled her strange yet addictive scent. \"Die, whore,\" Exousia's weak, breathless voice shattered the perfection of the moment as a sword skewered Titanium from just above her right hip up to her ribs, \"I'll drag you to oblivion with me.\" Suddenly Blackheart was supporting her full weight as her eyes rolled back into her head, blood trickling out the corner of her gasping mouth. \"Titanium? Titanium!\" panic engulfed him as her stiff body became unnaturally limp and she became a dead weight, his sharp hearing barely picking up the faint and flailing heart beat. Blackheart worked as quickly as he possibly could in his shell-shocked state, removing the sword and attempting to heal the gushing wounds with shaking hands. Unfortunately, even after she was completely healed, he could hear no heartbeat and feel no life radiating from her. She was gone. This time for good. The truth slowly began to dawn on him and the panic he had previously felt was replaced by intense anger and sorrow, burning within an emptiness which was forming inside him. Blackheart rose slowly and stared into the horizon with clenched fists; it was his fate to forever be alone but he refused to be intimidated. Oh no, he would wreck havoc on all living things as revenge for the pain life had inflicted on him. Handing him something he could love and cherish only to mercilessly rip it from his fingers once more. Glancing once more at Titanium's corpse, Blackheart allowed the heartache to swallow him for only a moment before he disappeared with revenge deep set into his heart, once more pumping pure evil through his veins. ","Summary":" Chapter 1 Chrysos' POV The crowds roared in joy as Chrysos stepped onto the stage, smiling broadly."},{"Movie":"Ghost Rider","Title":"Titanium","Author":"fantasyDramaQuEEn44","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7995659","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own anything from Ghost Rider, only the following story and the characters of Titanium and Joanne. Chapter 1 Titanium's POV The tall lank female hidden in the shadows of a remote corner of hell watched the demons sloth by, her mutual distaste for Mephistopheles increasing substantially. He had absolutely no control over this pit and it sickened her; Blackheart would have been a better ruler. He had always boasted about going to earth and destroying his father by creating the one thing he never could; hell on earth. If she was not mistaken he was there at the moment attempting to accomplish that little goal with those three brainless oafs he had terrorised the school with; the three elementals. She looked down and let the golden locks form a curtain before her icy white/blue eyes, a smile playing on her blood red lips. \"Did you hear? Blackheart got defeated by the Ghost Rider,\" the simple words caught Titanium's attention immediately and she quickly glanced up at the earth elemental...Gressel?... who was walking with the water elemental...Wallow?... \"Him too, hey?\" Wallow snorted, \"Stupid Ghost Rider. Stupid Mephistopheles.\" Her plucked eyebrows shot into her brow as she fully processed the information she had learnt. Blackheart had lost? Impossible. She had to find out for herself because rumours were highly unreliable most of the time, especially in such a place as hell, and it was highly unlikely that he would be defeated by a lesser being such as a silly Ghost Rider. Unless of course Mephistopheles had helped out, that was a completely different story but then that had to mean that Blackheart had been making headway. If Mephistopheles had helped his favourite creation take his son down then he must have viewed Blackheart as an honest threat; the smile played on her lips again as she remembered the matches they'd had when they were younger. 'Let me investigate and find the truth behind this silly rumour, if there is any,' Titanium silently thought as she pushed herself off the wall and made her way down the corridor, her black thigh high boots clicking on the stone floor. Numerous heads turned in her direction as she practically glided to her destination, her skin tight leather one piece hugging her sculpted legs tightly with each long stride. \"Titanium!\" the rumbling voice made her cringe inwardly as she came to an unwilling stop, turning to face Mephistopheles. \"Yes?\" By rights he had no control over her because she was not one of his brainless minions and that irritated him, that she knew for a fact. She also knew that he would have loved to control her in more than one way but she refused to be manipulated; she was not one to take orders very easily. Most of the time Titanium travelled alone and the only person she had actually every socialised with had been Blackheart, mostly only battling with him. They were rivals but she had always found that she had been attracted to him in more ways than one...Titanium abruptly cut the thought off, not wanting to delve into those memories. That was another thing that irritated Mephistopheles making him dislike his son even more; Titanium willingly socialised with him even if it was only to fight whether physically or verbally. \"I have not seen you around for a while,\" he commented smoothly as he circled her, his cane tapping on the floor as he moved. Titanium narrowed her long ebony lashed eyes as she followed his each movement; the last time she had shown her face in hell was eight years ago when she had left high school. That had also been the last time she had seen Blackheart... \"I've been busy,\" she replied shortly, impatiently. Mephistopheles came to a halt in front of her a frown set deeply into his wrinkled face. \"What could a lady like you be up to?\" worlds such as those were meant to charm but they only repulsed her even more; the man was completely and utterly sick. \"Private business that does not concern you,\" Titanium said the words with as much venom as she could. She had no idea why she had returned to hell anyway, she had no business there but something had told her to come back and she figured it had something to do with what she had just heard. Perhaps she had just wanted to see Blackheart. She had an annoying habit of allowing her thoughts to wonder to him, his well-being and what he could possibly be up to. Numerous times she had seen or heard of odd, unexplainable occurrences which she had automatically linked back to him though she could never have been completely sure it was his doing. \"I see,\" his eyes had narrowed sufficiently and she allowed a smirk to flit briefly onto her face; she enjoyed getting on his nerves. \"And I have important business to see to now, so if you'll excuse me,\" Titanium tried to walk around him but he immediately stepped in front of her. She could feel her patience running short and she ground her teeth together, fisting her hands by her side. \"My son is currently unavailable,\" Mephistopheles said pointedly with a warning clear in his voice. \"How nice for him,\" she replied smoothly with a fake smile plastered on her face; there was no way she would let Mephistopheles come between her and her visit with Blackheart. She would see him whether he was unavailable or not. The thought suddenly came to him that Mephistopheles might actually have destroyed him completely; it made her heart quake in fear and she suddenly felt desperate to find him. \"I must go,\" this time Titanium pressed passed him and practically shot down the corridor. She tried to look only as if she were in a rush and not eager to get to her destination, she wanted him to know nothing of her current \"business\". Titanium slowed down as she approached Blackheart's room; her heart springing into her throat as butterflies broke free in her stomach. She was uncertain of what to do next, it had been a while since she had spoken to or seen him and she did not know if she could simply just enter as she always had. Deciding that it would add an edge yet also some familiarity to their reunion, she quietly slipped into the dark interior. Blackheart's POV Blackheart paced around his room in utter frustration wondering how and where he had messed up. How had he let the Ghost Rider defeat and embarrass him so badly? Now his father had an even bigger ego to him and on top of that he, Blackheart, was without a single power; another one of his many punishments for his supposed \"disobedience\". The thought enraged him and he found that he needed a way to reclaim his former glory and the only way to do so was to defeat his father and that ridiculous, pathetic Ghost Rider of his. As a form of comfort, his father had not been left without embarrassment either because apparently his favourite creation had snubbed him. A smirk played on Blackheart's lips at the thought of his father being snubbed. \"You're unnaturally restless,\" the satin soft yet seductive voice sent a shiver down his spine; how had he not heard her enter? Apparently she was just as quiet as she had been before and just as sneaky. \"It's unwise to sneak-up on me,\" Blackheart did not bother turning, he was aware of her presence and if she tried anything he would have more than enough time to counter. It suddenly hit him that he had not seen Titanium in eight years; why had she suddenly returned to hell after she swore never to come back? In truth he was a bit relieved that she had come back; she had been one of the few he could actually converse constructively with even if it was through the verbal tiffs they use to have. \"I always have,\" he could almost hear the smirk in Titanium's voice. Blackheart turned slowly to face her and wondered how much she had heard from the demons about his defeat; if she had heard anything at all. \"Touché,\" Blackheart allowed himself to smirk as he took her in fully; she had not changed much from their last meeting. Perhaps she had a little more make-up on but her attitude and physique was still almost identical. \"I heard how Ghost Rider crushed your dreams of world domination,\" Titanium's smirk only grew as she spoke the words and Blackheart flinched inwardly, \"I didn't know how true the rumours were so I decided to follow them up.\" \"Most of what you heard is probably true,\" Blackheart spoke with bitterness as he turned his back to her again; she would know about his powerless state then. He had secretly hoped that he would have been able to redeem himself before Titanium heard of his defeat but obviously fate had other plans. \"You were defeated by such a lesser being? How could you? That's not the Blackheart I knew and used to battle,\" Titanium's words were meant to taunt him and he was barely able to hold his temper back, \"what happened to your natural competitiveness? You don't let people run over you.\" \"I made a few unwise decisions,\" Blackheart replied shortly without turning to face her again; he could not, would not, let her see how embarrassed and ashamed that flaming skull had left him. He needed to get revenge but that was impossible in his current state; yes he would have had the element of surprise but he could do little else without any of his former abilities. \"In other words, you became too egotistical? Over eager?\" Blackheart flinched at how well she read him; her knowledge was probably from past experience. If there was anyone that knew him and his tendencies it was Titanium and the same could be said vice versa. Yes, they were rivals but they were closer than either of them wanted to admit. Both knew that they enjoyed the other's competitive company and interesting little fights but they would be un-damned if they were to admit it. \"Loss of strategy was always your weakness, Blackheart,\" it seemed as though she was approaching him and he turned to face her; she still moved as fluidly as she used to. Titanium would be able to put any demon to shame, competing with him on his level of strength. That was the only reason hell had accepted her in the first place. Naturally, Titanium was a metal-controller from another planet in some other far off galaxy who had accidentally arrived on earth approximately fifteen years ago. Blackheart had come across her and challenged her to battle sensing strange abilities; after a drawn out match he came to the conclusion that she would be a useful add-on to hell's ranks. Mephistopheles had easily given in when he heard about her abilities and had been trying to manipulate her ever since, never actually succeeding. 'She would have been a useful sidekick for my little earth expedition,' Blackheart thought, where she made-up for his loss of strategy he made-up for her lack of physical strength. If only he had been able to track her down but she had literally vanished from existence; hadn't he known better he would have thought she had never existed yet here she was now, standing before him and taunting him once more. \"Perhaps so,\" Blackheart would not fully admit how correct she was, what was left of his ego would not allow it. \"Where is this Ghost Rider?\" Titanium abruptly changed the subject but Blackheart saw nothing odd about it, he was to absorbed by bitterness to realise anything. \"I don't know,\" he could not care less about the whereabouts of the object of his misery. For all he cared the Ghost Rider could have migrated to the moon and been run over by metal controllers like Titanium. \"Where last did you see him?\" Titanium sounded as if she was getting impatient and he frowned; a fight would not be wise at the moment. He could do nothing if she attacked and this annoyed him further; he was completely at her mercy. \"San Van Ganza,\" Blackheart replied truthfully, it had been the last place he had encountered the Rider, place of his defeat, \"Why?\" he was still completely uninterested. \"I'd like to see who your defeater was,\" Titanium cocked her head to one side, the smirk still plastered on her full red lips. Blackheart did not question her motives and did not for a moment consider the fact that she might have ulterior reasons for going after the Rider. Why would she? She probably enjoyed seeing him suffer from the embarrassment of his defeat. \"Suit yourself,\" Blackheart merely shrugged and silence filled the room once more. After several moments he turned to face her but found the room was empty, the door slightly ajar. He felt a frown pull at the sides of his mouth; he was hoping she would have stayed a little while longer. Blackheart did not know when and if he would see Titanium again; the chances were scarce because she had a mind of her own and probably wanted to find a way to get home. \"Home,\" Blackheart murmured as an odd sense of disappointment surrounded him, \"millions of light-years from here.\" If she went home then he would never see her again, never fight with her again. Blackheart tried to shrug the feeling off; it was her choice if she wanted to go home plus he could not care less about her decisions. At least, that's what he kept telling himself... Titanium's POV Though his information had been practically useless, Titanium flapped her powerful black wings as hard and as fast as she could. She needed to reach San Van Ganza as quickly as she could where she would attempt to track the Rider down; she wanted to pay him a visit. The sky was an inky black with remnants of the sunset evident on the red splattered horizon, night time was perfect for her to track him down because he would probably be active in his Rider \"duties\". On her way out of hell she had heard one of the demons name the Rider: Johnny Blaze he had said. The name and his last known location was all she had to track him down; no physical description, no address, nothing that was absolutely solid. \"Finding the Rider might be difficult,\" she murmured but she would do it, she was determined enough, angry enough, to achieve it. Titanium hated the fact that Mephistopheles had used the Rider to take his own son down; only SHE, Titanium, was allowed to do that. He had always been a push-over dad toward Blackheart, completely controlling and she had always been utterly sick of his antics but this definitely took the cake. What Mephistopheles had done was the last straw and now it was up to Titanium to bring it all to end; she would start with the Rider and then she would move on to the devil himself. Blackheart would achieve his goal even if it was through her If only she had been present when he had first attempted his goal, then he would have succeeded. \"I'll make up for it,\" Titanium hissed through clenched teeth. Of course, Blackheart would know nothing of her plans until he could take over from his father and she could quietly disappear; if she had it her way Blackheart would never know it was her in the first place. That was how she preferred it... though she knew she cared for him more than she should she could not help it; he had saved her from being homeless and had never left her alone even if it was just for the \"friendly\" battles they shared. Letting him know though was dangerous, Titanium knew just how manipulative Blackheart could be if he found something to his advantage. She had to let him think that he had no control over her, that she was not doing him any favours...the result of him finding out could be disastrous. Though it hurt to do so she knew it was a necessity; he would never return the feeling. Never. \"Get over it,\" she snapped harshly as she shook her head. She flapped her wings even harder than before forcing herself to her extreme; it was a nice relief from the slight heartache she was starting to develop. A dangerous weakness that she could not afford. It would be better if she accomplished her plans and then disappeared to her home planet forever; eventually she would forget and move on. Eventually. \"Destroy it with anger,\" Titanium ordered and tried to fill herself with as much rage as possible. She had to stamp it out. It suddenly came to her attention that she was flying along a highway and just below her was a blue bus with a trailer; it was one of those private tour busses the earthly superstars usually owned. Out of curiosity she swooped down toward it and gently landed on the roof with a light clang . Titanium pressed her ear against the roof of the bus and heard numerous men chattering, probably under the influence of alcohol, as they played a game of poker. She could hear a television set rambling some sort of nonsense while two other people conversed, it was this conversation that she tuned in on. \"I'm telling you, Johnny, you're even more popular than before! They love it!\" the voice belonged to an excited female. \"I'm a monster but they love it?\" a male replied incredulously, \"What is it with people on earth?\" \"They're saying that's why you're such a good stunt rider,\" The female replied and Titanium noticed she had stiffened, with good reason too; the male's name was Johnny and he was a professional stunt rider. \"Lemme guess, they want me to change my name from Blaze to The Ghost Rider ?\" Johnny sounded bored and did not seem to actually like the idea. Titanium did not bother listening to the conversation any further; she had found her target without any amount of difficulty. That had to a be a sign; fate was definitely on her side if the Rider had been handed to her without her even starting her search. \"It is time to start,\" Titanium shot off the bus's roof, catapulting herself a little way ahead of it before she landed in its path on the road. She watched the driver's eyes stretch as he hurriedly pressed down on the brakes causing the bus to skid, turning sideways before it came to a screeching halt before her. \"Are you mad?\" the driver screamed out the window before he turned to the back, \"Sorry guys, crazy chick in the road.\" Titanium narrowed her eyes as she stepped toward the bus with determination; no man had the right to call her crazy, never mind a \"chick\". She flexed her fingers as her nails turned to diamond; she was one of the lucky few who could control a gemstone as well as a metal. With as much power as she could, Titanium stabbed her nails into the driver's door ripping it off its hinges. \"What the hell? Are you INSANE?\" he tried desperately to get out the other side but she ripped him from the interior and hurled him into the road. Without a single word, Titanium summoned her metal to wrap around him, pressing him tightly against the side of the bus. The commotion was enough to catch the Rider's attention because he and his mates came tumbling out of the bus, pausing to take in the situation before them. \"What the-,\" the only female between them muttered, her hazel eyes stretching. This must have been the female the demons had been speaking of, the Rider's accomplice. \"Which of you is the Rider?\" Titanium turned to them, a dangerously calm look plastered on her face. \"That would be me. Who the hell are you?\" a male probably in his late thirties stepped forward and Titanium could only stare; how had he defeated Blackheart? Burning rage enveloped her once more as she came to the conclusion that he had probably had extra help, unfair help. \"Titanium,\" she replied coldly as she flexed her muscles, it was time to bring an end to this pathetic living being, \"how dare you? How dare you come between him and his goal? How could you help his disgusting father prolong his unworthy reign?\" \"What are you talking about?\" the Rider looked honestly confused as he stepped a little forward; he looked ready for a fight and Titanium allowed herself to smile briefly; he knew what was coming. \"Blackheart,\" as the name rolled between her lips she watched both the Rider and his female accomplice stiffen visibly. He glanced behind him and they shared a similar look of horror. \"He sent you to get revenge on me?\" the Rider looked at her once more. \"He sent me to do nothing,\" Titanium snapped, \"he and I are rivals.\" \"Then why are you here to get revenge for him?\" his female accomplice stepped forward and for a moment Titanium was dumbstruck; how could she reply to such a question? There was no way she could tell them the truth behind her motives but what else could she tell them? \"No one but me is allowed to take him on,\" she finally decided on the answer enforcing it with venom and utter rage, \"he may have made a few mistakes but you will not have that luck with me.\" She allowed them to say nothing more as she summoned two of her diamond swords and lunged at the Rider. He immediately flamed up and sprung out of the way, ordering his crew to move to safety. They hurtled into the bus making her smirk; that was the biggest mistake they could have made. Titanium extended her hand and closed her fist watching the bus begin to close in on itself; the metal bending as if a force was being exerted on it from every angle. The piercing scream of his female accomplice rang through the air and the Rider reacted immediately, he pulled the chain from the trailer and swung it toward her. Titanium sprung into the air swinging her leg toward the chain so it wrapped tightly around; immediately she recognised the look of triumphant the Rider got. 'He does not know my strategies,' she thought as she landed, 'let me inform him.' With speed that would alarm even the fastest athlete, she spun on her heels ripping the chain from the Rider's hands as it wrapped around her. With similar speed, she began to spin in the opposite direction sending the chain flying right back at him and he was barely able to miss the blurred missile. Using the distraction to her advantage, Titanium sprung at him with a diamond sword poised before her. As if luck was on his side, the Rider turned just in time and his arm deflected the attack as it collided with her sword. She was sent flying, rolling across the dirt and for a moment was forced to stay still out of shock. The Rider immediately launched himself at the bus which was still being crushed and started to rip at the metal; one by one his crew climbed from the death trap. \"You-,\" Titanium hissed as she sprung up, swords clasped tightly in her hands. The games were over and it was time to get down to serious business. Once more she lunged herself at the Rider who still had his back to her. \"Johnny! Watch out!\" the female squealed as Titanium closed in on him. The Rider swung around as all hell broke loose. Almost literally too. Blackheart's POV Blackheart was busy pacing around his room when Abigor, Gressel and Wallow suddenly burst in with looks of shock and surprise on their faces. \"No offense, master, but are you utterly off your head?\" Gressel asked incredulously as they came to a screeching halt before him. He took all three of them in with utter contempt; they had absolutely no curtsy, manners or sense of respect. \"Yeah, why the hell did you send Titanium to earth? Mephistopheles is going off his head!\" Abigor added, \"he's on his way here now!\" the words sent shockwaves through Blackheart as he processed the information; Titanium had gone to earth? Why? Their previous conversation returned to him like a punch in the gut and he suddenly realised why she had been so curious about the Rider's position; she had gone to earth to confront him. Why else would she want to find him? \"I did not send her to earth. For whatever reason she is there, it is her own,\" he replied swiftly. His mind was trying to figure out why she would take revenge on the Rider if he, Blackheart, was her rival and enemy. His three mindless goons had no time to reply because Mephistopheles appeared in the middle of the room in a puff of black smoke; his face was twisted in utter rage. \"Before you say anything; I did not send her to earth,\" Blackheart said flatly; he had no patience for his father's fights at the moment. \"Then why is she there?\" Mephistopheles demanded angrily as he slammed his cane into the floor. \"Why don't you ask her?\" Blackheart replied venomously, \"I don't control the girl and even less so do I know what goes on in her head. I haven't even seen her in eight years!\" \"She was here before she went to earth,\" it was not a question but Blackheart still treated it as one, nodding curtly as an answer, \"you have something to do with this! Your disobedience is pathetic! Can you not accept that you will not win?\" \"Think about it; why would my enemy do me such a favour as to wipe your ridiculous creation out of existence?\" Blackheart asked logically as he crossed his arms. That very question had him completely confused with no means of finding an answer unless, of course, he had to confront her. \"You will go to earth and drag her back down here for interrogation. You have a week. And to make sure you do not do other things you will work with the Rider,\" Mephistopheles said firmly, he knew that Blackheart was the only one who could possibly successfully drag her back to hell. He got the feeling that she was much easier to manipulate if it was Blackheart who was doing it because she definitely wanted to be more than just rivals with him. The thought sickened Mephistopheles so before he could voice it he disappeared in a cloud of black smoke, leaving the four demons dumbfounded. \"Are you actually going to listen to him?\" Abigor turned to Blackheart after a moment of uncomfortable silence. Already an idea was forming in his head and he smirked inwardly; he would get the perfect revenge on the Rider and his father. And it was all thanks to Titanium that he could get his plan started. Her antics, with reasons unknown to him, had forced his father to return his abilities. \"For now,\" Blackheart replied mysteriously as he felt the familiar surge of power. \"What's the plan, boss?\" Gressel got a familiar glint in his eyes as he took a step toward Blackheart. \"Follow his orders for now,\" Blackheart smirked as he started to disappear into the cloud of darkness that was surrounding him. When he dragged Titanium back to hell he would have to remind himself to thank her for allowing his new plan to become possible. Perhaps he would set her free after the interrogation as a thank you gift; after that he could not care less what happened to her. He would have the hell and earth to run then and would have no time for their petty fights. Maybe he would enslave her... such thoughts would only be continued at a later stage and he instead concentrated on getting the first part of his plan rolling. An all too familiar scene suddenly appeared before him and he took a moment to absorb the fresh night air; if he was not mistaken this was the road that led to San Van Ganza. \"Johnny! Watch out!\" Roxanne's all too familiar voice made Blackheart turn to see, just in time, as Titanium launched herself at him, diamond sword poised before her. He sped forward and grabbed her from mid-flight; wrapping his arms around her waist as he pulled her tightly against his chest. Time froze after that moment as Titanium suddenly became completely rigid in his arms, her eyes blanking over. The world around her suddenly became black as snippets of memories overwhelmed her shocked mind. His embrace felt all too familiar, his chest a hard yet comfortable force against her back and she was transported back to the night of her graduation. Desire mixed with rage filled her already confused mind as images of caresses, skin against skin, and satin embraces harassed her senses. Heated, violent kisses spurred the passion of the memory and she remembered a brief pressure deep within her most secret core before the world around her had shattered in utter ecstasy as love competed with hate, passion with anger and desire with pain. The memory faded into insignificance leaving her feeling weak, breathless and overrun with emotions she would rather have forgotten along with that night so many years ago. 'I must compose myself,' was her first rational thought after a long moment but doing so would be increasingly difficult. Somewhere deep within she was able to find enough strength to swing her swords around so the hilts were firmly in her hands. With as much force as she could muster, she drove them into Blackheart's upper core; the battle would change drastically now because he knew most of her moves. How had he found out? Why had he come? He let go of her briefly and she attempted to grab a hold of his arm but he was one step ahead, grabbing hers instead. With all his physical strength, Blackheart hurled her over his back and into a broken down stone wall in the distance. Titanium hit it with such force that it broke further and she was left motionless on the floor; this worried him slightly. She did not normally fumble and make such silly mistakes; something must have affected her negatively and was still distracting her. Putting the thought aside, Blackheart moved toward her and grabbed her by the throat, lifting her off the ground. \"What are you doing here?\" he demanded as emotionlessly as he could. \"Screw you,\" Titanium spluttered as she drove the short metal dagger into his forearm. He had barely let go of her when she summoned her wings and shot into the darkness of the night sky disappearing from his sight. \"Titanium!\" Blackheart bellowed after her but he got no reply. Apparently it was going to be a lot harder to capture her than he had originally planned. That, unfortunately, meant that he would have to spend more time around the Rider because, if her idea had been revenge, she would return for him. That thought confused him though, if she had come to take the Rider on because of his defeat over Blackheart, why had she reacted negatively toward him? Treated him like the enemy? 'She may ask you why you stopped her,' Blackheart considered this for a moment; obviously she would expect him to sort of be on her side when it came to defeating the Rider. His interference in her attack might have startled her enough to scramble her thought and forced her to consider him the enemy which he was to her anyway. As he turned to the shocked Rider and his crew he came to a single conclusion; Titanium confused him and he did not like it one bit.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 Titanium's POV Titanium pressed her head against the cool concrete wall surrounding the roof of the skyscraper she had landed on and let out a heavy sigh. She had been able to escape for the moment while she attempted to collect her thoughts and compose herself. Never had she expected Blackheart to find out about her fight with the Rider never mind interrupt it; even if he had found out she would have expected him to support her or even help her fight. Though they were naturally rivals they agreed on that one point; the Rider needed to go down and the fact that he had protected him confused her already rampant mind even more. That thought was not what she concentrated on though, it was that of the memories she had experienced when he had grabbed her. Memories she had kept locked away since the night had happened, memories she had successfully forgotten about. Until tonight. \"How could you lose control?\" Titanium shrieked at herself as she grabbed her hair and pulled it with all her might. Hot tears broke through the barrier she was unsuccessfully trying to keep intact and she stumbled backward, pressing her back against the cement wall. The barrier was hard and cold against her skin, reminding her once more of that night. The memories flooded into her head again and she cried out as she fell to the floor. \"Stop! Stop it!\" the vision before her made her blind to her surroundings as she lashed out with her swords trying to destroy the wispy illusions which were just out her reach, mocking her. After countless attempts of trying to stab them she sunk slowly to the floor. The cool concrete floor seemed to welcome her as she wept, a refreshing feeling against the burning sensation which consumed her. The sobs started to slowly subside and with them the painful memories allowing her to finally gain control over her distraught mind. Slowly, as not to pain her already burning head, she lifted herself off the floor and took in the calm night around her. It was intoxicating, calming her immensely as she allowed her senses to be engulfed. She had always preferred the peace of the night to the busy, shuffling noise of the bright and terrible day. \"The plan will be completed,\" Titanium murmured with determination, making sure she was perfectly composed once more, \"the Rider will go down.\" She spread her wings and took off into the night, ready to take him on once more. All she needed was the right plan and she had an idea where she could possibly begin with one. Blackheart's POV \"What the hell is going on?\" was the first thing the Rider demanded when Blackheart finally rejoined them. It was a bit of an awkward situation; it had not been too long ago that they had been on earth together except then they were fighting one another. For now, it had to be peace between them until Titanium was caught and brought back to hell. Perhaps the Rider would be willing to help, he was the perfect bait and who knew: maybe he would die in the process? \"You were attacked,\" Blackheart replied shortly, stating the obvious. He had no idea how he would stand working with the Rider until he caught Titanium. He had to do it fast. \"I know that,\" he snapped in return, \"who the hell was she? And why the hell did you stop her?\" \"Do you know her?\" Roxanne butted in before Blackheart could even think of replying. He wanted to stare at her icily but decided against it; he would get his revenge later. \"Her name is Titanium,\" Blackheart would literally only give them the bare bones of the information, that was all he felt they deserved, \"yes I know her, she use to reside in hell some eight years back. She's an extra-terrestrial being with the ability to control both the metal titanium and diamond.\" \"Oh my-,\" Roxanne started but Johnny cut her off. \"Don't,\" Johnny whispered and she shut her mouth immediately, there was no point in making Blackheart aggressive. He returned his attention to Blackheart and continued, \"Why did you stop her? We're enemies.\" \"Would you rather I left you, Rider?\" Blackheart hissed though he agreed with the Rider's statement. He would rather not have stopped Titanium; his first thought, however, had been to apprehend her and drag her back to hell. He now cursed himself for not letting her do what she had wanted to; it would have saved him a lot of trouble. \"No, but I am curious as to why you saved me,\" the words felt strange saying them to the devil's son who had, not so long ago, tried to kill him. \"My father sent me here to drag her back to hell,\" Blackheart replied shortly before continuing, it was better to get the embarrassment over with, \"he believes I sent her to take revenge on you. I told him I didn't but he still thinks it's my responsibility to drag her back for interrogation.\" \"And how do you plan on doing that? She just flew off,\" Johnny folded his arms, quite intrigued by the whole matter. He had his lucky stars to thank that Blackheart had not had this Titanium woman as an accomplice, that would have made his defeat a lot more difficult if not completely impossible. \"She'll come back for you if her plan was revenge,\" he said with a sinister smile, \"so until she does I guess I'll just have to follow you everywhere.\" He would fail to mention that his father had ordered him to stay with the Rider, that was just too embarrassing to even comprehend and he had to keep even a little of his dignity. \"And if it wasn't?\" Roxanne replied defiantly. \"Why else would she attack him?\" Blackheart asked coldly. \"It could have been a random-,\" Roxanne shouted but he quickly cut her off. \"The attack was not random. She enquired about the Rider's whereabouts and it was just after I told her what I knew that she came up here to attack him,\" he replied smugly, wiping the confidence from her as quickly as she had been able to build it up. \"I agree,\" Johnny replied as he frowned, \" I don't like the idea of you following me around but if you want to catch her I guess you'll just have to.\" \"Johnny! No! I don't trust him any further than I can throw him!\" Roxanne swung to face him, ignoring the fact that Blackheart was standing right there. Not that he cared any less for her hateful words. \"He saved my life, Roxanne,\" Johnny replied rather sternly, \"plus, I doubt he has any ulterior motives, right?\" Johnny's light blue eyes flitted to Blackheart's expressionless face. \"I have none,\" he replied as honestly as possible, 'yet...' he silently added to himself as he smirked in his mind's eyes; the Rider had yet to learn of how conniving he could actually be. \"Roxanne, we'll be fine,\" Johnny reassured her with a flighty hug, \"when Titanium is caught everything will go back to normal.\" Roxanne still did not seem to like the idea but merely shrugged in reply, she was not going to win that fight. Everyone turned their attention back to the crushed bus which stood pitifully before them, nothing more than a squashed metal creation. \"How are we going to get home?\" one of the crew members asked one of the most obvious questions. Blackheart remained a little behind refusing to offer his ability to teleport as a means of transport to the Rider's residence. He would still make life difficult, if not almost unbearable for them, it was just a part of who he was. \"We could always phone Joanne,\" Roxanne offered, \"she could bring the minivan.\" Johnny nodded and quickly flipped his mobile out of his pocket. Blackheart thought it was slightly old-fashioned for someone with as much money as the Rider, he was quite well off if he wasn't mistaken. The conversation between him and the mysterious Joanne was short and to the point, apparently the woman was not impressed with having to drive so far out at this time of the night. Without a word, he disappeared into the night and appeared in the Rider's house as the front door shut with a final slam. \"So Joanne resides with the Rider?\" he commented quietly to himself as he took in his surroundings. The room he was in was neatly furnished, inexpensively but with evident taste that was probably all thanks to the lovely Roxanne. Next to the window was a LCD television on a cherry wood wall unit with a Persian-styled rug thrown out before it. The sofa was a soft pink colour with two matching chairs on either side and a small cherry wood coffee table in the middle on the actual rug. The walls were an off-white colour with scattered paintings, the scenes ranging from galloping horses to seaside scenes. Off to the right was the lemon coloured kitchen and behind him was a passage that probably led off to the bedrooms and the bathroom. \"Very nice, Rider,\" Blackheart commented to himself, \"you hid all this from me?\" he decided to get a good feel of his surroundings and started down the corridor which was the same off-white colour as the lounge. To his right was a closed door with a colourful sign on it which read: JOANNE, to his left was the open door to a bathroom which was themed in a light blue with dolphins literally plastered everywhere. At the end of the hall was the main bedroom which was themed in crimson with panelled walls and a carpeted floor. It was an inexpensive house but still highly stylish. A picture to the right caught his attention; it was of a pretty young woman with pin-straight, ear-length, chocolate coloured hair and large crystal blue eyes rimmed in long ebony lashes. Her naturally pale lips were curled into a full smile and her cheeks were a light pink from a natural blush. \"Joanne?\" Blackheart crossed his arms as he studied the picture, \"Who are you?\" he took a final look at the picture before sauntering back to the lounge to wait for the Rider to arrive at home. It took approximately an hour or so for that to happen. Blackheart used that time in which to think of the reasons why Titanium would want to seek revenge when she was unaffected by his defeat. Any possible reasons still alluded him and he felt even more determined to track her down and interrogate her. Blackheart knew that both tasks would be difficult, bending on impossible, but he knew it had to be done. If only he knew what one of her possible weaknesses was... \"Where did he go?\" Roxanne's voice became audible from outside and Blackheart snapped back into attention. \"He probably teleported ahead of us,\" Johnny replied. The lock in the front door opened with a click and Blackheart took that as his cue to sink quietly into the shadows. The Rider entered first followed by Roxanne and then lastly the woman he recognized from the picture in the hallway; Joanne. Though she was very plain to an extent she had a certain aura about her that made her attractive, drew a person in to her. \"If he'd offered or you guys had asked him, you wouldn't have needed to make me drive alone so late at night. You know it makes me nervous,\" Joanne commented stiffly as she pressed passed the other two and disappeared down the hallway. Blackheart felt slightly amused by the scene, whoever Joanne was she did not seem pleased with the Rider and his ever faithful hang-on. \"I knew that would happen,\" Roxanne whispered softly as she looked at her feet, she seemed deeply affected by Joanne's reaction. The Rider did not reply, he merely stared after her with soft blue eyes layered with concern. Again Blackheart wondered who Joanne was and how she was connected to the two people he saw before him. Silence ensued as they too departed down the hallway and the lounge was showered in darkness. Blackheart stepped forward into the now spread shadow, engrossed in his thoughts. The room became noticeable windy and he sharpened his senses, seeing as no windows or doors were open that could only mean Abigor was coming to visit. \"Blackheart,\" Abigor's familiar rasping voice broke the silence. He did not turn to face the element which had served him previously, there was no need to do so. After a moment, Abigor continued, \"Mephistopheles wants an update.\" \"I located Titanium but she managed to escape me,\" Blackheart answered shortly, he was irritated by the fact that his father was going to keep checking on him. It was completely unnecessary and very inconvenient not to mention highly embarrassing on his part. Abigor did not reply but instead vanished restoring the eerie calmness in the lounge. Light was suddenly thrown through the room as Joanne entered and flicked the switch. \"Holy shiz!\" the girl grabbed her chest as her eyes widened in shock, she had not been expecting to see anyone, probably even less so him. She continued by asking, \"Blackheart, right?\" he did not answer her question but merely stared emotionlessly at her. \"OK, I take that as a yes,\" Joanne now seemed unconcerned and sauntered past him into the kitchen, apparently the Rider had explained the situation to her. For some strange reason, Blackheart followed her. She asked him, \"Can I get you anything?\" He had expected her to be as cold as Roxanne and the Rider were but she was much more calm and accepting, friendly even, toward him. \"I'm fine,\" was all he said in reply and she nodded in acceptance, bustling about as she made herself something to drink. \"You know, those two are so damn uptight and expect me to jump at their every beck and call no matter how inconvenient it is for me,\" Joanne started speaking, her voice filled with annoyance, \"I mean I know they were stranded and all but really, they know how much I hate driving alone at night. You never know what could happen in such a crime-ridden place!\" All Blackheart could do was stare at her, he would never have expected her to start a conversation with him no matter how kind she was acting. The fact shocked him and he wanted even more to know who she was. \"And this isn't the first time, you know,\" Joanne turned to look at him, she was treating him as though they had known each other for years and the fact that he was the devil's son didn't seem to bother her at all, \"They are always calling on me! I know they're my folks and all but sometimes I need my privacy so I can do things I want to do! You know what really pisses me off though?\" Silence fell and Blackheart realised she expected an answer from him. \"What?\" he willingly obliged, this was a manner in which to gather useful information about the Rider. \"I haven't even known my father for almost sixteen out of my eighteen years of being alive! Sixteen! And now my mom just thinks I will invite him into my home with open arms? I think not!\" Joanne huffed as she turned on her heel and proceeded with making herself something to drink. That little titbit of information was quite interesting; the Rider had a daughter he had not known of, something Roxanne had probably failed to contact him about. \"I'm sorry, I barely know you and here I am ladling you with my problems,\" Joanne laughed awkwardly as she turned to face Blackheart again, this time with a steaming mug in her hands, \"I tend to go off a bit when I get angry at them.\" \"Don't we all?\" Blackheart smirked, befriending his overly kind daughter would definitely be beneficial in the future. Who knew what weaknesses and useful information she could disclose to him? Perhaps he could even use her to capture Titanium...but how? \"Too true,\" she gave him an ear to ear grin as she sipped the liquid from the mug. They were quiet for a while before she suddenly asked him a rather random question, \"Would you mind telling me more about this chick that attacked him? I didn't really get many details which I find a little unfair seeing as I had to drag them home.\" Blackheart took a moment to decide if it would be dangerous in any way to disclose such information to her. He doubted it, they did not seem to have a close relationship with their rather rebellious daughter. \"Her name is Titanium. She used to reside in hell and attended the same high school as I did, we were mostly enemies. We fought one another to see who was stronger but no one ever won so it was more of a casual combat. She has the ability to control the metal titanium and also diamond,\" he did not wish to go into their whole private history and knew nothing else factual about her, only a few personal things he had learnt over the years. \"I see,\" Joanne replied with wide, interested eyes, \"where does she come from? Or was she always in hell?\" \"She's an extra-terrestrial being, I found her wondering on earth and took her to hell,\" Blackheart replied before continuing, \"she was willing to go.\" The look on Joanne's face had clearly said that she had been uncomfortable with the idea of Blackheart forcing Titanium to go to hell. \"Do you have any idea why she attacked my father?\" Joanne questioned, it had perhaps occurred to her that he could possibly have sent Titanium. The same assumption his father and everyone else had made. \"No,\" Blackheart said it firmly, \"that's why I'm here. To take her back to hell for interrogation.\" \"Forcefully?\" Again she got a look of disdain and he could feel his temper flaring; if she continued being as soft as she was she would get run over numerous times in her life time. The girl had absolutely no back bone! \"Obviously,\" he retorted, \"she won't come willingly.\" \"Can't you just find her and ask? Does there honestly need to be kidnapping and torturing?\" Joanne whined, she apparently did not like the idea of any sort of violence. Blackheart could only feel sorry for her, she would not survive long in this world with such an attitude. Perhaps he could strengthen her a little while he was waiting for Titanium, it could not do any real harm to him. She was, after all, only a human. \"Titanium will not speak willingly,\" Blackheart replied softly, his eyes becoming unfocussed as he stared out into the darkness beyond the window. A brief, flitting movement outside caught his attention and immediately he shook himself to attention; what was out there? \"What? What do you see?\" Joanne sounded slightly uncomfortable as she too attempted to see what he was looking at with such intensity. Would he, even for a second, let his hopes soar? \"Blackheart?\" Joanne now sounded nervous yet also more insistent. He barely prevented himself from growling in frustration at her whining. Though she was kind and an easy target, Blackheart to admit that she was beyond just annoying. \"She's here,\" was all he said before he disappeared. Joanne's POV She stared at the spot he had been barely thirty seconds ago, her expression was completely blank as she attempted to process what he had told her. Due to her overtly caring and peaceful nature, Joanne disliked his abrupt and violent state of mind but she could barely blame him: it was as a result of the manner in which he was raised. Being the devil's son could definitely not be a piece of cake and she thought he had turned out quite well no matter how much her parent's bad-mouthed him or warned her of his evil and manipulative tendencies. \"Everyone deserves a fair chance,\" Joanne muttered to herself before she took another sip of the cocoa, \"he has done me no harm as of yet and I will not judge him wrongly until he does. Maybe I can even change him.\" A sudden idea came to mind and she smiled with determination; before Blackheart left for hell she would make him see his gentler, more caring side. \"What's that cat-like smile for?\" her mother had appeared out of nowhere, wrapped tightly in a fluffy white dressing gown. \"Nothing,\" Joanne replied rather coldly, she did not want her mother snooping in her plans. If that happened she might as well kiss her chances goodbye; if they even knew that she had been socializing with Blackheart there would be trouble. \"Look, Jo, you know we wouldn't have asked you to do that unless it was necessary,\" her mother centred herself in the middle of Joanne's view, trying desperately to get some sense spoken to her. She refused to listen; there HAD been other alternatives that they could have used but no, it was so much easier just to call on her. \"Save it,\" Joanne said sharply as she sauntered out of the kitchen and to her room; she would have to target Blackheart some other time. Hopefully there would be many occasions, enough so that she could actually accomplish her little plan. 'Trying to save the devil's son,' Joanne thought deviously as she got into bed and pulled the covers over her, 'how utterly fascinating.' Titanium's POV Titanium watched Blackheart move around outside the Rider's house obviously looking for the source of the movement he had seen earlier. He had spotted her when she had attempted to eavesdrop on the conversation he had been having with the unknown female. Who was she to the Rider? And why was Blackheart conversing with her ? A tinge of jealousy made Titanium frown as her icy eyes followed his silhouette shift through the garden; damn him for having the ability to make her feel such strong emotions. 'The quicker I am done here the quicker I can go home,' she thought. With his interference, there were a few new obstacles in the way but Titanium had successfully edited her plan to fit the new situation. Of course she needed just a little bit more information to make sure it would be efficient and accurate. She needed to know why he was intervening in the first place and how he had originally found out about her intentions. No doubt, Mephistopheles had something to do with it. Titanium frowned once more at the mere thought of him; she hated him. No, hate was too meek a word. She abhorred him. \"Titanium,\" Blackheart's voice broke through the silence of the night and flung her back to earth, her eyes dropped to his back, \"I know you are still in this garden. Come out. Now.\" She restrained herself from snorting; of course he would go for a commanding tone as if it would make her obey him. 'Not today, Blackheart, and not ever!' Titanium thought as she kept her eyes glued to him, she needed to find the opportune moment to fly off. If she even dared to move now he would hear her and then she had no chance of successful escape. Minutes stretched by but still he grew no weaker in his search; he was apparently intent on finding her. 'Will you succeed?' she asked herself as he passed under the tree she was perched in. Her blood ran cold as Blackheart looked up into the branches, he narrowed his eyes and stared at the exact spot she was sitting for a couple of moments before walking away. Titanium let her guard down as she sighed in relief. She immediately regretted it. Blackheart was suddenly in front of her wrapping his cold fingers around her delicate throat. He shoved her harshly into the trunk as a smile played on his lips. \"Gotcha,\" was all he said before he teleported down into hell once more; thankfully his time with the Rider was now over. Titanium was caught. Hell materialised around them yet she still could not move; she was just too shocked. Blackheart took her to a plain room, completely empty except for a single chair and sat her down forcefully. Titanium watched him wide-eyed as black whip-like clouds surrounded her, tying her to the chair. \"Well, well,\" the sneer made shivers run up her spine and shook her from her shell-shocked state. Mephistopheles appeared from behind her, a greasy smile on his thin lips as he tapped his cane on the stone floor, \"care to explain, dear?\" \"Explain what?\" Titanium spat venomously, \"I need not explain anything to you.\" \"Feisty as always,\" Mephistopheles purred as he brought his face close to hers, breathing in her face. She tried to pull away but found it almost impossible with the binds attaching her to the chair, \"you want to do it the hard way then?\" \"I wish to do nothing in no way!\" Titanium replied harshly. Out of the blue, Mephistopheles lifted his cane and brought it full force down, walloping her against the face. Her head jerked to the left, barely not breaking her neck as blood filled her mouth. \"You will reveal what your purpose was! Why did you seek revenge against my Ghost Rider?\" Mephistopheles bellowed, slowly putting his staff firmly on the ground once more. \"Never,\" Titanium hissed, baring her teeth in an attempted snarl. Her cold eyes flitted to Blackheart and for a moment she despised him as much as she abhorred his father. How could he allow his father to smack her around? 'It proves how emotionless he is, how little he cares. A reminder that you cannot let him find out about your weakness toward him!' Titanium moved her eyes back to Mephistopheles; she needed to get out of hell soon or she would not make it out at all. He attempted to hit her again but this time she was accurately prepared; summoning a diamond cover to shield her from the blow. The cane snapped, the top bit falling loudly to the floor. Silence ensued as Mephistopheles stared in shock at the broken cane, his eyes flitting from one part to the other. \"You bitch,\" he looked up and she flinched inwardly; his face had distorted completely. His eyes were black orbs set in a starved face with pinched icy blue skin. Long yellow fangs extended from his dried and cracked lips as he launched himself at her, slamming her into the wall with such force that both the chair and the black clouds seemed to evaporate into nothing. A smirk spread onto Titanium's face as she summoned two of her trusty diamond swords and plunged them into Mephistopheles's heaving chest. He let out a throaty scream and stumbled back, the swords slipping out completely spotless, as he touched the holes in his chest. By the time both Blackheart and Mephistopheles turned their attention back to Titanium she was long gone, already soaring in the heavens over the earth. The cool air was a delicious relief from the burning/stinging pain which throbbed from her cheek through to the rest of head. Blood trickled through her pursed lips but she ignored it; her time for revenge would come soon enough and she could barely wait for it. \"You will fall the hardest,\" she promised as she dropped from the sky toward her new hideout. It was time to start, the sooner the better.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 Blackheart's POV Blackheart watched his father heaving, the wounds in his chest gaping dangerously as he glared at the spot Titanium had been. He could feel the rage radiating from Mephistopheles and he hoped, for her sake, that she was going to lie low for a while. \"You useless demon,\" Mephistopheles suddenly struck out at Blackheart who moved hastily backwards, barely missing the attack, \"because you are so damn useless I am left with no alternative but to destroy her when I find her. And I will find her!\" all Blackheart could do was stare at the black clouds which were now in the spot his father had been mere seconds ago. He would have to act quickly if he was going to warn Titanium but how would he find her before his father did? \"The Rider,\" he muttered to himself. She would definitely try to strike again and though he did not like the idea, he would have to request the Rider's help in both drawing her out and apprehending her. Without further delay he teleported back to Johnny's residence and, although it was an obscene hour, he would be forced to wake them. It was to his luck that Joanne was still awake when he appeared in lounge. She swung around to face him, rubbing her arms vigorously. \"You could warn someone before you dropped the room temperature to below freezing,\" Joanne said sarcastically. \"Where is the Rider?\" he demanded, ignoring her comment completely; it was unimportant at the moment. \"Asleep,\" her reply was bored as she studied her cuticle, oblivious to the fact that his patience was drawing extremely thin, \"obviously.\" \"Fetch him,\" his order was short and to the point, said through clenched teeth. Joanne looked up at him with distaste plastered all over her face. She opened her mouth to say something in return but at the sight of his blackening eyes she quickly shut it and sped off down the passage. Blackheart allowed himself a quick smirk, that little trick always seemed to work on the humans. \"I don't know what it's about, he just told me to fetch you,\" he heard her voice long before she and muddled looking Rider appeared in the lounge. \"What's up?\" he was still thick with sleep as he collapsed on the sofa, lazy blue eyes staring at Blackheart. \"I caught her and took her back but during the interrogation the little viper managed to manipulate my father into untying her, she stabbed him and disappeared again. Now he's on the warpath, intent on killing her,\" Blackheart explained rather quickly, time was running out. Fast. He could already feel his father's presence on earth, tearing the present natural balance into tiny shreds. \"So?\" the Rider was slow to catch on, probably still trying to wake-up. \"You need to help me catch her,\" he replied stiffly, \"and keep him away from her.\" \"And how am I supposed to do that?\" Johnny's speech was slurred as he yawned, blinking lazily. \"You need to lure her out for me,\" another smirk played on Blackheart's lips, of course there would be a few consequences for the Rider. This time round he would not stop her if she attempted to kill him; he would let her do so and when she was revelling in her victory he would strike. \"No,\" Joanne replied, this time a lot more feisty, \"that's too dangerous. Can't you just track her down and warn her?\" Blackheart was tempted to run his hand through his hair in utter frustration; this girl was really getting on his nerves now. \"She won't listen,\" he hissed in reply. \"For some reason I think he's right, Jo,\" Johnny looked at his daughter earnestly, \"from what I've gathered of this woman she's definitely not going to a take a warning seriously.\" \"You could get killed!\" Joanne protested, loud enough to lure Roxanne into the lounge as well. \"What is going on?\" she asked groggily, her eyes flitting from Johnny to Blackheart and then to Joanne before they moved back to the Rider. \"Blackheart wants dad to help him lure that woman out because, apparently she's in trouble with Mephistopheles,\" Joanne replied hurriedly and Blackheart felt like ringing her neck, of course Roxanne would protest as well. Did the Rider have enough strength not to crumble under their pressure? \"I'm going to do it,\" Johnny replied firmly as he folded his arms, emphasising the finality of his decision. Roxanne merely stared at him for a moment before she shrugged and sauntered off into the passage once more. \"MOM!\" Joanne screamed after her, surprised by Roxanne's nonchalance toward the matter. \"It's your father's choice,\" came her voice, \"he's a big boy and he can look after himself.\" Though, to everyone else , she sounded unaffected by it, Blackheart could clearly hear the worry set deep within her. Obviously she was a stronger woman than he had ever credited her for. Joanne, completely unimpressed, stormed off to her room and evidently slammed her door, the CRASH! echoing through the house. \"That went well,\" Blackheart commented nonchalantly, not really knowing why he was speaking in the first place. \"Better than I expected,\" Johnny agreed before letting out a long sigh, \"so what's the plan of action?\" \"You need to go out crime fighting again,\" Blackheart replied, \"if she is anywhere in this forsaken city she will see you and, if she thinks you are alone, she'll strike.\" \"And when she does we'll catch her?\" finally he was catching up. Blackheart nodded once and Johnny got up to ready himself, returning a moment later and the two of them disappeared into the night. They returned the next morning having had absolutely no luck, not once did they even spotted anything that could have distinctly resembled Titanium. \"You didn't find her?\" Roxanne called from the kitchen where she was busy making breakfast for the family. Joanne was nowhere to be seen and Blackheart guessed that she was still busy sulking somewhere. \"Not a sign of her,\" Johnny flopped down at the kitchen table and Blackheart took that as his chance to go scouting alone; perhaps she would be more active during the day. For the rest of the day he continued searching, checking the most obvious places for an effective hideout but still there was absolutely no sign of her. Again, hadn't he known any better he would have suspected she did not even exist, merely a figment of his imagination. Unless his father had gotten a hold of her. Immediately Blackheart teleported down into hell but he could not sense his father's presence there; he was definitely still on earth, reeking absolute havoc. \"Where the hell are you, Titanium?\" Blackheart muttered in utter annoyance. Once more she was out of his reach and he could do nothing about it. Mephistopheles' POV Mephistopheles followed Titanium at a distance through the crowds, waiting for the opportune moment to attack and destroy her. Unfortunately, it was too busy in the part of town she was now wandering through. Mephistopheles glanced around, looking for his pesky son but could see him nowhere. Apparently he did not care if she died or not; had he honestly allowed himself to think any different? He turned his attention back to Titanium and frowned inwardly: what was she doing in the middle of the town anyway? She suddenly came to a stop and he watched her body become rigid, her eyes flitting to one of the roadside hawkers who threw something into the air before catching it again, repeating the act numerous times. Mephistopheles moved a little closer and realised the hawker was playing with two magnets which, as he threw them into the air, clasped back together before falling into his awaiting hands. What about the hawker fascinated or threatened her to the point where she concentrated completely on him and nothing else? \"You want to buy?\" the hawker purred at her before, unexpectedly, hurling the magnets at her. Titanium seemed to snap out of whatever world she was on and quickly caught them. That was when the strangest thing happened; her face contorted into a look of absolute agony as she dropped the magnets. Her hands were blood red and Mephistopheles had to blink numerous times to make sure he was seeing accurately; were those boils which were forming on her once clear skin? He quickly moved his eyes back to her just in time to see how sick she actually looked; her skin had become pasty and perspiration broke out on her forehead. Shakily she turned and hurriedly moved back into the crowd with only one visual difference; she now seemed completely confused, lost even. 'A weakness to magnetism?' an idea suddenly struck Mephistopheles and he allowed himself a grin; Titanium no longer seemed as impossible to defeat as before. She had such an obvious and dangerous weakness, one that would be completely beneficial to him. 'Enjoy your last few hours of freedom,' he thought giddily. Once he found a large enough magnet all that was left for him to do was to hunt her down and recapture her. Of course that would not be too difficult because wherever his Rider was, Titanium would eventually pitch up there. Now it was just the task of finding a single supersized magnet and Mephistopheles believed he knew the perfect place to find one. Joanne's POV For practically the whole day Joanne did not see Blackheart with a wink of an eye, he simply just did not show himself. Her father had gone back to bed, exhausted from the night before, and her mother had left for work just after eight that morning. She wandered around the house bored out of her mind and cursed Roxanne for making her promise she would stay home with her father. \" Just in case that woman comes back,\" had been her mother's words and Joanne had to grudgingly agree. Leaving Johnny alone at home while he slept would definitely be dangerous and though she barely knew him she did not want anything to happen to him. If only she could have some sort of company; the house was just too quiet. As if he had heard her silent wish, Blackheart appeared in a puff of black smoke making the room a few degrees colder than normal. \"I can never get used to that,\" she commented conversationally, \"you'd be quite useful to have around in the hotter summer months.\" Blackheart looked at her saying nothing in return. If Joanne was not mistaken, it looked as though he was worried about something. Could he possibly be that worried about Titanium? 'I get the feeling that those two are more than rivals even if they don't want to admit it,' Joanne thought to herself. It was quite fascinating considering the fact that there could be a mutual interest between the two other than that of just fighting. \"You didn't find her, did you?\" Joanne asked softly as she got up and approached him. Maybe there was little work to do for her if he already had learnt the basics of affection? It was only left to her to get him to show it... \"Not even a glimpse of her,\" Blackheart replied and she guessed he was trying to sound emotionless. He definitely was not succeeding. \"She'll turn up,\" her hands were sweating and her heart racing away in her chest as she continued to move toward him. What she was doing was probably dangerous but she had to at least give it a try. With a single shaking hand, she slowly reached out and gently touched his shoulder in a comforting gesture. She expected him to retaliate at any moment but, to her utmost surprise, it never did happen. Joanne felt him shift and, at a snail's pace, he turned to face her with the softest look she had ever seen in his eyes. \"Who will get to her first?\" Blackheart asked, seemingly earnest as she dropped her arm to her side once more. \"You really are worried aren't you?\" sympathy was all she could feel toward him and she clung desperately to the tender moment they were sharing; it would not happen again in the near future. Joanne stepped even closer to him and spontaneously flung her arms around him in a bear hug, shocking them both. \"It's all going to turn out fine, really it will,\" she whispered as she let go and gave him a huge grin. He might not have returned her caring gesture but he had not retaliated either, which meant she was definitely making headway. \"Joanne?\" she turned to her father expectantly, embarrassment filling her face. \"What the hell do you think you are doing?\" he demanded, fury clouding his eyes as he stepped toward her. \"There's no need to be so harsh, he's standing right-,\" Joanne swung around to point at Blackheart but found he was missing once more. Perfect. \"We warned you about how dangerous he was and you still go and socialize with him as if he's your best buddy? He could kill you without even thinking twice about it!\" Johnny started his lecture and automatically she turned herself off mentally. Yes, she knew it was dangerous to converse with Blackheart but she could not have cared less for her father's words. He had not given a damn about her for the first sixteen years of her life so why should he care all of a sudden? \"Save it,\" Joanne interrupted him, she was not going to stand for his nonsense, \"really, dad, you haven't been around all that much so why should I suddenly believe you 'care'?\" she did not wait for an answer but instead just pressed passed him and shut her bedroom door. She had not been in there for more than a second when Blackheart appeared. \"They're right,\" was all he said to her and it took Joanne a moment to actually realize what he was talking about. \"Please don't,\" Joanne flopped down on her bed, replacing her look of confusion for one of disinterest, \"I really don't care how dangerous everyone says you are. You've done nothing wrong to me thus far so why should I avoid you?\" she stretched out comfortably all the while looking at him with sparkling, friendly eyes. \"I am what I am. By rights you shouldn't trust me even if I haven't done anything to you,\" Blackheart replied simply. \"Oh pooh!\" Joanne waved his reply away as she looked at the ceiling instead, \"that's not how I work.\" She desperately hoped that her accepting approach was actually getting to him, softening him up a little bit. Joanne dared to take a peek in his direction and noticed he was staring out the window, his eyes completely glazed over. Blackheart definitely had a lot more depth to him than he actually let on; it was not all about evil and world domination to him. A sudden idea came to her and she quickly got up again, approaching him with a rapid pace. Before she could chicken out she wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him, sending a silent prayer to heaven that she had not just signed her death warrant. Titanium's POV After her sickening experience with the earthly creation known as a magnet, Titanium had unknowingly travelled directly to the Rider's residence. Only once the sickened feeling had vanished from the pit of her stomach and her head had finally started to settle and clear up did she realize where she was. Why had she come here? Titanium nearly let her mind once more indulge in the memories but was quick enough to stop them before they could form fully. She was here to scout, to distract herself from the horrifying experience she had just encountered. Quickly shaking herself back into stealth mode, Titanium sneakily approached the house before her. Of course, hiding would be a lot more difficult considering the fact that the sun was still shining and she would stand out like a sore thumb in between the shrubbery. 'Concentrate and you will be fine,' she thought as she peered through the lounge window. The unknown female was standing in the middle of the room looking bored out of her mind. She stood alone for a few minutes, a number of emotions passing across her pretty face, before Blackheart appeared in the room. She said something to him but Titanium could hear nothing, the walls of the house were a lot thicker than that of a bus and she dared not go any closer. She continued speaking and though he had not replied the first time he did say something in return to whatever it was she had said. When Blackheart was finished she started to approach him, placing a hand on his shoulder as she said something and when he turned to face her she wrapped her arms around him in a hug. Although the picture sickened her, feeling like a punch to the gut, Titanium forced herself to continue watching. Who was this woman and what sort of effect did she have on him? \"Joanne!\" the Rider had silently appeared in the lounge, he looked at the woman furiously. Though the words exchanged between them were heated she could still not hear what they were saying. Forgetting about stealth, Titanium approached the house intent on hearing whatever it was they were shouting at one another. \"Save it. Really, dad, you haven't been around all that much so why should I suddenly believe you 'care'?\" Joanne then pushed passed the Rider and disappeared from view. So the unknown woman was actually the Rider's daughter? 'How interesting,' Titanium thought as she moved along the house hoping to find Joanne's bedroom window. Could she perhaps use that information to her advantage? What better way to destroy the Rider than crush his own flesh and blood? The psychological damage it would leave would be a much better punishment than the relief that he would get if she killed him. Titanium hesitated in bringing an innocent life into the battle though; Joanne had done nothing wrong and was not connected to the revenge she wanted. Yes, it would be more fulfilling but the ending of innocence disturbed her conscience on a greater scale than she cared to admit. 'Stick to the original plan,' she thought decidedly before halting at the right window. Titanium tried to swallow the lump in her throat as she took in what she was seeing; Blackheart was in Joanne's room while she was spread out on the bed. She tried to grab a hold of her rampant imagination and concentrated on the scene before her. A few more words were exchanged between them and Titanium was forced to duck when Blackheart looked out the window. With her heart beating in her throat, she slowly peeped in the window again and immediately wished she had not. They were kissing. The sight had sucker punched all the air from Titanium's body and her legs gave way underneath her forcing her to fall to the ground. Like a fish out of water, she gaped unsuccessfully trying to get air into her stiff, shocked body. Her mind had gone completely blank except for the twisted image which had forcefully imprinted itself on her mind's eye. Titanium's eyes dropped to her blistering hands as the sickened feeling from earlier increased drastically, forcing her to double over. She had broken out into a cold sweat and it felt as though time had slowed down, her heartbeat ricocheted in her ears mixing with the sound of her laboured breath. Slowly the shock twisted and mutated into a deformed type of uncontrollable rage, her heart pumping the newfound energy into her starved limbs. Titanium arose from the ground and stared into the window with unnaturally icy eyes as complete anger and darkness enveloped her in a comforting, revenge-seeking blanket of hateful emotions. \"Tonight you will die, bitch,\" Titanium hissed in a voice which tipped on the edge of becoming inhuman. She took no notice of the fact that Blackheart was no longer in the room or the fact that Joanne was curled up on her bed crying, the wall neatly cracked where she had collided with it. She cared no more for plans or innocence; the most painful revenge was the only revenge she wanted and she would have it or she would die trying. Tonight she would take out two birds with one stone. Or would it be better called one sword? Titanium took to the sky not knowing that, with her loss of humanity, she had also lost her greatest weapon and source of protection; strategy. A fatal mistake. Blackheart's POV Blackheart could feel his anger flare at the little brat's cheek and audacity. Who did she think she was? With almost all his strength he shoved her off and she slammed loudly into the wall. He knew the room had become even colder than before as his temper spilled over. \"Don't ever do that again,\" Blackheart could almost feel his features distort as he spoke, apparently the girl needed to be reminded of who he was and what he was capable of, \"or you will end up a corpse.\" She would know to take his words not as a threat but as a definite promise. He teleported away from her room and did not return to the residence for what remained of the day. If he had then the girl would definitely have not lived to see the following day. Only once he had completely gotten a check on his temper did he finally make his way back. He found everyone in the lounge, the atmosphere was definitely tense and he had suspicion as to why it was so. The brat had probably ratted him out. \"Good, you're here,\" Johnny's voice was completely neutral but he refused to make eye-contact with anyone, instead he chose to stare at the blank flat screen television, \"there are a few things we need to-.\" That was when Blackheart spotted her outside the house, her eyes strangely icier and more luminous than usual. The wind whipped through her platinum curls and made the flowing black dress she had on dance around her legs. The Rider was saying something, angrily but all Blackheart could do was stare at Titanium. He had never before seen her that enraged and deadly, everything about her screamed dangerous to her surroundings. A clock somewhere struck eight o'clock and he caught a glimpse of the glinting sword which had suddenly formed in her hand. She was going to strike. Before he could think of warning the people around him, Titanium hurled the sword with enough ferocity to put a bullet to shame. 'Her aim is off,' Blackheart thought as he watched the sword flying in completely the opposite direction to the Rider. It then occurred to him who was sitting in the path of the sword; Joanne. So Titanium knew who Joanne was and had cleverly decided to kill her instead of the Rider. It was something Blackheart himself would have done if he were in her position and he gave her credit for picking the most effective form of revenge. Unfortunately, he would not let her get the revenge she seemed to want so badly. The sword shattered the window and only when it was but millimetres from Joanne's face did he extended his hand and stop it in midflight. Joanne let out a gut-wrenching squeal as she hurled herself away from the blade which had, seconds ago, threatened to skewer her to the wall. Johnny and Roxanne were at her side in seconds but Blackheart merely dropped his arm to his side never once moving his eyes from Titanium's. \"What are you doing?\" Blackheart spoke to her but she did not reply, only stared back at him seemingly unaffected by his little rescue stunt. Deciding to risk it, he teleported outside before he started to walk toward her, stopping mere inches away. Titanium did not budge, she drew no weapons and did not even so much as blink. \"What are you trying to prove?\" Blackheart spoke again and he watched numerous unidentifiable emotions pass through her eyes before they became deadly once more. \"The Rider will go down,\" was all she said in reply. \"Why do you want him dead?\" \"Why do you care?\" she answered in return. Blackheart had to admit she did have a bit of a point but he would never admit that to her. \"Leave the Rider to me, it has nothing to do with you anyway,\" he snapped instead. \"You failed previously,\" Titanium smirked as she reminded him of his downfall, something he had expected from her when she had first found out. Something was different about Titanium but he could not put his finger on it, all he could tell was that something about her aura was off. \"I will not-,\" Blackheart started but he did not have time to finish his sentence; the air had suddenly become colder as his father's presence approached them. He reached out and pulled Titanium behind him, barely in time to save her from his father's eager hands. \"What did you do that for?\" Titanium demanded hotly before she saw Mephistopheles standing in the shadows of the tree she had just moments ago been under. \"Hand her over,\" he said in a deadly calm voice. \"Not a chance,\" Blackheart replied firmly. From behind, a burst of light and wave of warmth engulfed them as the flaming Ghost Rider stepped in next to Blackheart. \"Well, well,\" Mephistopheles laughed softly, \"former enemies do tend to come together, don't they?\" Was he implying to Blackheart and the Rider or to Blackheart and Titanium? Blackheart could not care, all he knew he cared about was keeping Titanium away from his father until he was able to interrogate her. \"Then again, you've always wanted to be more than enemies, didn't you?\" Mephistopheles was looking directly at Titanium, disgust plastered all over his face. She remained passive even under his piercing gaze, completely ignoring his comment. A sly smile slithered onto his face which made Blackheart tense up as he wondered what his father was going to do, what he was planning. \"Tell me, Titanium, what do you think of magnets?\" his smile grew even wider as she visibly stiffened leaving Blackheart feeling completely confused. Mephistopheles gave a hearty laugh as he disappeared in a puff of black smoke, the temperature again returning to a more bearable level. Blackheart did not like the situation they now found themselves in and knew his father was going to return. Soon. As if Mephistopheles had read his mind, he reappeared behind them and hurled two large magnets at her. They immediately attached themselves to her and she became as pale as a ghost, swaying dangerously. Before either the Rider or Blackheart could think of reacting, he wrapped his arms around Titanium's waist and disappeared once more leaving the night a deadly quiet. \"Well that can't be good,\" Johnny commented looking like his normal self once more. Blackheart said nothing as he too disappeared into the darkness; the hunt was on and the stakes were extremely high. He needed to track Titanium down before Mephistopheles had a chance to do any of the sadistic things Blackheart knew he had planned for her. 'Hang on, Titanium,' he thought, hoping against hope that she would somehow be safe until he could find her. He had no idea what effects magnetism would have on her but he knew it had to be horrific enough for Mephistopheles to accept it as a method of torture. Blackheart had no idea how his father had come across such personal information that not even he, who had been battling her for years, knew. Whatever the case was, it did not matter, not as much as tracking her down did. He would find her even if it was the last thing he ever did.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 Titanium's POV The moment Mephistopheles had mentioned magnets Titanium had known she was in definite trouble; the creep had witnessed her earlier experience in the centre of town. She could barely make out anything as the two magnets attached to her arms wreaked havoc on her cellular structure, displacing the tiny metal molecules present in her build. Like millions of tiny white hot needles, the pain clouded her vision and made her slip in and out of consciousness as it engulfed her mind completely. The place she was in seemed to be a yard of some sort but she could not be a hundred percent sure; her senses were completely inactive as wave upon wave of nausea and pain washed over her. \"Not so fearsome now, hey?\" his voice was far off and sounded as though Titanium was submerged in water. She could not bring herself to reply and instead just let him lead her to wherever it was he was taking her. Something worse was waiting for her at the end of her journey, that much she knew just from all her experiences with Mephistopheles. They came to a stop and he ripped the magnets of from her skin. Titanium screamed out as she collapsed to the floor, her legs refusing to carry her another step further. Hot tears spilled from her eyes and she rolled onto her back hoping to somehow ease the worst feeling she had ever experienced in her lifetime. A shadow enclosed her and Titanium attempted to make out what it was but her vision was even more blurred from both the unbearable pain and the unending tears. \"You thought that was bad?\" Mephistopheles' voice floated towards her, \"Let's see how much you like this.\" There was a moment of absolute calm and Titanium knew it was the deadly peace before the storm, what was coming would probably rip her to shreds mentally and emotionally if not physically too. A light breeze tickled her blistering skin and she revelled in it, hoping it would last but it ended soon after. The slow throbbing pain in every inch in her body became magnified by approximately a hundred times as an even greater force of magnetism was exerted on her already worn out figure. Instead of having the tiny metal molecules displaced, it felt as though they were all being ripped from her body as the rest of her cells were slowly torn to shreds. She knew she was screaming but she could not hear it, she saw nothing but white and felt nothing other than the excruciating pain which enwrapped her body which was being broken apart at molecular level. How long would she last? The torture seemed to go on for years before something cool washed over her extinguishing the flames of agony and soothing her burnt and blistering skin. Titanium knew she had died, there was no other explanation for the state of complete peace and numbness she was experiencing. 'Death,' she whispered into the white nothingness which surrounded her. It was completely different from what she had expected it to be like but still she thought she liked it. What would happen next though? Titanium watched as darkness slowly started to infiltrated her bright white surroundings. She wanted to run from the foreboding blackness which was rapidly approaching her but she could not move and instead just shut her eyes and waited for whatever was going to happen. Titanium suddenly felt as though she was falling and, at the same time, stretching out and growing longer. Both feelings came to an abrupt end leaving her feeling numb once more and Titanium willed herself to open her eyes but she found they were as heavy as lead weights. Her entire body felt like a complete dead weight, only slowly becoming lighter and lighter as time stretched passed her. Eventually she felt like she could open her eyes and she did just that, wrenching them open with as much power as she could muster. What Titanium saw, however, was something she least expected. Blackheart's POV Different sections of hell appeared and disappeared as Blackheart teleported from one place to the next hoping desperately to either find Titanium or some clue to where she could be. \"Boss?\" Gressel watched as the black smoke barely made an appearance before it vanished again. There was a brief pause before Blackheart reappeared, a look of utter impatience on his face. \"What?\" he demanded coldly knowing he had little time to converse with a brainless goon who could probably not be of any help to his search. \"Boss,\" Gressel repeated daftly, grinning like a baboon, \"I thought you wouldn't come back.\" \"What do you want?\" already he was being surrounded by darkness as he prepared to teleport to his next destination. \"Where's that metal girl? Titanium or something like that?\" Gressel scratched his chin trying to look intelligent but Blackheart saw and heard none of it. Realization had just hit him and he felt like bashing his head against the wall; how could he not have remembered? Magnets... Obviously, Titanium's weakness had to be magnetism! Magnets were attracted to metal and Blackheart could only imagine what sort of effect they would have on someone made of metal. Where were there lots of magnets? Or maybe a single large magnet? If he could only answer those two questions then he would probably be able to hunt her down, there were, after all, only a few places that contained either enough magnets or a large enough magnet to satisfy his father. \"Gressel?\" Blackheart turned to the earth elemental before him. Gressel ignored his boss's call, continuously scratching his chin as he attempted to figure something out. He was muttering under his breath and Blackheart let out a sigh of utter annoyance. \"Gressel!\" his voice distorted as his temper flared, effectively catching Gressel's attention and he swung to face Blackheart, \"Glad I finally have your attention, idiot.\" \"Sorry, boss,\" Gressel failed to make eye-contact and Blackheart guessed he was probably thanking his lucky stars that he had not been incinerated. \"Where can I find large magnets?\" Blackheart tried to enquire nonchalantly. \"A scrap yard, why?\" he looked confused by Blackheart's enquiry, \"Do you think that metal girl will be attracted to the magnets?\" Gressel snickered at his own little joke but he did not join the elemental. The way he called Titanium 'metal girl' annoyed him beyond compare but he did not stay to correct Gressel, after all; he had given Blackheart the perfect place to start looking for her. Without anymore delay, he teleported to the nearest scrap yard where his ears were immediately met with a shrill scream which echoed eerily through the night. \"Titanium,\" Blackheart muttered in disdain, he had probably arrived not a moment too soon. He started to move in the direction of the screaming with more haste than he had ever shown. Tall towers of metal became coloured blurs as he sped through the scrap yard, his eyes searching everywhere for Titanium. Finally, Blackheart came to the source of the noise and what he saw brought a deep frown to his face as he came to an abrupt halt. Squirming in the dirt, Titanium's face was a picture of pure agony, her skin had gone blood red and blisters covered the exposed parts of her body. Hanging above her was a heavy duty magnet with lighter pieces of metal plastered to it, little bits still randomly flying toward it. Blackheart noticed that Titanium was suspended slightly and underneath her, littering the ground, were patches of blood which screamed out at him almost as loudly as her own voice did. \"You bastard,\" Blackheart hissed as his eyes settled on Mephistopheles, who was standing right next to the machine which securely held the oversized magnet. It was time to end his father's sadistic actions, he had seen and heard enough. He merely glanced at the cover over the machine's motor and immediately it groaned before spluttering once and shutting down. Mephistopheles turned to glare at the machine, cursing it profusely but before he had time to realize it had been Blackheart who had sabotaged his plan, a bright light appeared above the scrap yard. \"What the-?\" Mephistopheles shouted over the loud humming which had appeared seconds after the blinding light. Blackheart kept his eyes trained on as much of the light as he could and was rewarded with a glimpse of a descending male silhouette. The figure shot directly toward where Titanium was and he followed it; there was no way in hell that he was letting her out of his sight again. The light engulfed Blackheart and he found it difficult to see where he was going, there was also no sight of the mysterious silhouette or even of Titanium. The humming suddenly became louder as a gale force wind struck the earth and threatened to whip him off his feet, numerous metal towers collapsing in its wake. As quickly as it had come, the light disappeared in a single flash taking with it the wind and noise leaving the night strangely dark and eerily quiet. Little colourful spots danced around Blackheart's vision and he blinked numerous times in quick succession to see if he could get rid of them. Once he could clearly see again he allowed his eyes to scan the ground surrounding him but, where Titanium had been, there was nothing to be found but the patches of blood. \"What the hell did you do this time?\" Mephistopheles was suddenly beside Blackheart, anger surrounding him like a thick protective cover. \"Are you sure it's not what YOU did?\" Blackheart replied vehemently. \"Am I supposed to believe that?\" Mephistopheles was quick to reply and his anger convinced Blackheart that his father might actually have been innocent. He wondered if Titanium had been under so much strain that she had just disintegrated. Was that how extra-terrestrial beings died? Blackheart was reminded of the male silhouette he had seen and immediately scrapped the idea of death. Someone had come to rescue Titanium and he could not help but wonder who it was and what they wanted with her. Blackheart did not even notice his father's absence beside him as he looked into the clear night sky with despair present deep within his chest. Titanium was gone again and this time he had absolutely no idea where she was or even where she could be. Blackheart did not even know if she was in any actual trouble or what this unknown hero wanted. For the first time in ages, he did not know what to do or where to start. How could he if there were just too many unanswered questions? Everyone in the Rider's residence was awake unnaturally late as Blackheart related the story in as much detail as he could. When he finished speaking, Joanne was quick to speak from her spot on the sofa. \"You saw the light?\" she snickered mockingly but stopped abruptly when the Rider elbowed her. Blackheart wondered if she was petty enough to still be sulking before shrugging it off, he honestly did not need or want her friendship anyway. \"So what does this mean?\" Johnny looked away from his daughter. \"I don't know,\" was all Blackheart could say in reply. \"Do you have no idea who could have pulled such a stunt? Maybe someone with a helicopter, Johnny?\" Roxanne added, entering from the kitchen. \"Yeah? What about a helicopter?\" he looked at Blackheart with sparkling eyes. \"It couldn't have been,\" Blackheart shook his head as he turned his back on them, \"the wind only came just before the thing left. If it was a helicopter you would have felt the wind, seen the light and heard it all at once before the thing even arrived. Plus, no helicopter could carry a light that bright.\" Silence followed as each person searched through their own minds for a possible solution but none could think of any logical explanation. \"What are we going to do?\" Roxanne asked in a small voice. Blackheart did nothing to reply as he approached the window feeling, for the first time, a deep sadness welling in his chest. When had he started seeing Titanium as anything but an enemy? He could not answer that question but he did know that he did not look lightly upon failure. Blackheart felt as though it was his responsibility to keep her out of harm's way and by letting a complete stranger take her, he had failed. He lay one hand on the window and clenched the other at his side as he stared at his reflection in the window; somehow Titanium had changed him. It pained Blackheart that he had been so blind to it over the years, she had always had that effect on him and he had never recognized it. 'I can see now but is it too late?' Blackheart thought solemnly. World domination did not matter to him anymore, neither did taking over his father's kingdom and destroying the Rider. All he wanted to do was find Titanium. Once he found her, however, how would he be able to reveal his discovery to her? Would she laugh it off? Would she use it to her advantage? Somehow he doubted the very idea; her intense need to get revenge on the Rider had some effect on his decision. Would he allow himself the hope that she might have seen the same thing? No...the risk of disappointment was just too great. Blackheart could not let himself be distracted by his current emotional state, that was something he could sort out after he had found Titanium. Only afterward would he allow himself to think of a possible solution. If he ever managed to find her... Titanium's POV After blinking numerous times, splotches of colour infiltrated the infinite blackness which made up all that Titanium could see. She could feel the softness of a mattress beneath her and silk sheets covered her burning body. Where was she and how did she get there? Titanium doubted that Mephistopheles would have willingly let her go unless Blackheart had come to rescue her. She felt her heart jump at the thought but immediately crushed the hope that he felt something more for her; it was ridiculous and impossible. Movement to her right caught her attention and she attempted to focus so she could gather some information on her rescuer. \"Close the window,\" said a velvety male voice, \"it seems to be irritating her.\" Someone immediately reacted to the male's instruction and she felt them reach over the bed to quickly shut the window to her left. The breeze she had been oblivious to suddenly disappeared and she heard the whoosh of the curtains falling back into place. Titanium guessed that she was in an unfamiliar place; she knew nowhere that had proper windows, curtains and such a comfortable bed. \"Sire, I think she is waking,\" the person who had closed the window was also a male and she could feel him staring. She had the greatest urge to tell him off but restrained herself, she knew too little about her rescuers to assess her situation. Had their intention even been rescuing her or were they an even greater threat than Mephistopheles? \"Let her wake then,\" the first male purred, \"the quicker she does the quicker we can complete our business in this forsaken place!\" Titanium flinched inwardly, immediately distrusting her 'rescuers'. They could keep their business, she needed to get away from them as quickly as possible so she could begin her recovery. Slowly, carefully, she opened her eyes and took in the darkened room around her. Titanium quickly decided that her best escape option would be the window. After all, what was the chance that they could fly? \"Do you think she will accept, sire?\" the second male enquired as he stepped away from the bed and into the darkness which infested the room. \"She may,\" his voice was now a little louder, more excited, \"what else does she have to live for on this planet?\" Titanium gulped as she took in their conversation; it was time to get moving before she completely lost her nerve. As quickly as she could, Titanium flung herself out of the bed and reached for the window but before she could wrench it open she was lying on her back on the carpeted floor. Two shadowed faces peered down at her and she immediately went into defensive, flinging two short diamond daggers at them as she sprung up once more. \"Calm down, princess!\" the first male commanded and Titanium paused briefly, his velvety voice held a certain authority that made her automatically want to obey him. \"How dare you order me around and call me pet names? I do not know you and you do not know me!\" Titanium snarled in return as her anger flared. \"It is not a pet name, it is your title,\" he stepped into the light and immediately Titanium's breath was knocked from her body. The male was tall with broad shoulders, had platinum blond hair with the deepest mossy green eyes she come across and full pink lips. He was clothed in a royal blue sleeveless trench coat type thing which left his torso exposed but tied at the waist a single white button. The tail of the jacket hung all the way to his feet and barely exposed the fitted black pants and pointed black boots underneath. His torso glimmered in the dim light and Titanium had to admit that he was well built with a perfect six pack. \"Who the hell are you?\" Titanium demanded as she returned to her defensive state, guessing that he was trying to distract her by bedazzling her. \"King Chrysos of the kingdom Polytima on the Planet Metallo ,\" he said with dignity before adding in a gentler voice, \"your home.\" \"My-?\" Titanium broke off, she had been waiting for this day to come since she had first appeared on earth. Even when she was accepted into hell she had always dreamt of going home, of returning to her people. \"Yes, and you are Princess Titanio of the kingdom Ischyros, neighbouring state to my own and also my rightful queen,\" Chrysos took a step toward her but Titanium took no notice, she was too overwhelmed by the information she had just received. She was a princess? \"Your parents had to send you away all those years ago because of your unique gift. Being able to control a metal and precious stone is unheard of and the people wanted you destroyed,\" Chrysos continued in a voice that was just above a mere whisper, \"but now there is a new law and unique beings such as yourself are being rightfully accepted. So I have come to fetch you, to take you home where you will become my queen.\" He was now standing behind her with both hands on her shoulders, speaking directly into her right ear. Titanium knew she was getting gooseflesh from his touch as she imagined herself going home, being royalty and never having another worry in her life. It was the perfect escape. Flashes of her life on earth managed to intervene with her fantasy and immediately she felt a stab of guilt; earth was all she knew and trusted. She did not know this 'King Chrysos' so how could she believe his story? How did she know that he was telling the truth? If Blackheart had taught her anything it was to trust in what she knew she could believe. And still, she had a duty to fulfil. How could she leave before she had completed it? \"How can I trust you? I do not know you or know what your true intentions are,\" Titanium whirled around and shoved the hilt of her trusty diamond sword into his lower abdomen before springing back and putting distance between them. \"I healed you, princess,\" Chrysos took a single deep breath as he straightened himself out, \"I also knew you would ask me such a question and that is why I brought you a long lost childhood memory.\" He extended his hand and the other male in the room handed him a small golden box which he held out to her. Titanium glared at him, distrust planted deep in her eyes, and did not take a single step forward. Chrysos, sensing her hesitance, instead put the box on the bedside table along with a smaller silver cube. \"I will give you a day to consider my offer, princess,\" he smiled tentatively, \"If you accept, place your thumb and index finger in the grooves present on the small silver cube. I will then return to fetch you but if you decline, command the cube to self-destruct. Tomorrow night at this time the cube will automatically self-destruct. I must warn you, however, that once you have declined you will never be able to return. You will not be welcome. Think carefully about what you plan to do, princess.\" In a bright flash, the two men disappeared leaving the room eerily silent and empty. Long after they had left, Titanium remained in her defensive position merely staring at the two foreign objects on table. Slowly she took a single step toward them before she froze, scanning her surroundings. When she was certain nothing was going to happen, Titanium put away her swords and walked to the bedside table. \"The gold one first,\" she muttered as she reached out for it, her hand sweating. Titanium slipped the lid off and it fell to the floor as her eyes connected with what was in the box. With shaking hands she lifted the delicate chain from the velvety cushion. It could easily have been mistaken for a necklace but, the two shiny clips on either side convinced her that it was actually some sort of head wear, probably a crown on her home planet. The pattern, shaped as a triangle, included numerous silver spirals which ended in either a small diamond or sapphire. Surprisingly it was very light and when Titanium held it to her forehead and looked in the mirror she immediately knew that she recognised it. In her minds eyes she saw a younger version of herself standing in full-length mirror with the very same crown on her head while a woman, her mother, applauded her from behind. As the picture faded before her eyes Titanium knew that Chrysos was speaking the truth. Midnight Not a sound from the pavement Has the moon lost her memory? She is smiling alone In the lamplight The withered leaves collect at my feet And the wind begins to moan Titanium glanced down at her black number, the type of clothes she had always prided herself in since she had, so long ago, taken a liking to Blackheart. Why should she wear it now? There was no point anymore. Slowly, almost hoping that something would stop her, she started to peel the layers of clothing off merely dropping them on the floor like forgotten rags. She began to wipe off her heavy make-up, the only mask she had ever been able to hide behind and looked at herself in the mirror once more. Her cold and hating exterior had melted away to reveal a different person; someone who was soft, caring and feminine. Her hair flowed freely down her shoulders in golden waves, her eyes were placid, laced with emotions making them seem like a calm yet deep body of water. Her expression was sombre and her peaches in cream complexion now looked completely natural, not an eerie contrast to the rest of her features. Memory All alone in the moonlight I can smile happy your days Life was beautiful then I remember the time I knew what happiness is Let the memory live again She looked back at the garments scattered on the floor as she wrapped a fluffy bathrobe around her and for a moment let the memories of the past overwhelm her. The day she had met Blackheart, become rivals with him, fighting him, loving him... The pictures danced before her as hot tears flowed down her cheeks and she collapsed to the floor where she stayed for a countless amount of time. Titanium was not meant to be like the other demons in hell, it was not who she was and that was why she had been weak enough to fall for someone so unattainable. It was time now though to find her strength and to grasp that which was attainable to her with both hands. With her body still shaking from the sobs, Titanium lifted herself off the ground and crawled toward the little silver cube which stood glimmering on the table, beckoning her. Every streetlamp seems to beat A fatalistic warning Someone mutters and the streetlamp gutters And soon it will be morning Titanium picked the cube up as she lifted herself completely off the floor. Unknowingly she had already made-up her mind when she had seem them together, even if she did not know that her people had been searching for her. The picture of them kissing appeared in her mind; a wispy, faded form of its former self and she felt the dagger, which had pierced her heart earlier, twist. Titanium grasped her chest with her free hand as she let out a little gasp; the wound was still so raw and painful. She gently caressed each side of the cube and, when she found the two indents, she placed the designated fingers on them. It was time to go home where she would hopefully heal, where she could start all over again. Daylight I must wait for the sunrise I must think of a new life And I mustn't give in When the dawn comes Tonight will be a memory too And a new day will begin Titanium pressed her fingers into the indents. The effect was immediate; the cube shot out of her hand as a line of light separated it into two different halves. It split along the line and opened up so that two perfect squares of light faced her. Titanium watched as the light surrounded her, lifting her off the ground, and engulfed her completely. After a moment there was a bright flash and the two empty halves of the former cube clattered to the ground. She stepped over them and stared at herself in the full-length mirror, completely in awe of what she was seeing. The bathrobe had disappeared and in its place was a white tight fitting dress which stopped just above the knee. Over it was a white trench coat which came down to her ankles and on her feet was a set of white knee-high boots. On the ends of the sleeves and tail of the trench coat were silver spirals which mimicked the ones on the crown. Slowly, Titanium put the crown on and clipped it into place before she looked at her new self, her real self. Burnt out ends of smoky days The still cold smell of morning A street lamp dies, another night is over Another day is dawning Chrysos appeared behind her in another flash of dazzling light, taking only a moment to admire her before he approached. \"I'm glad you decided to come,\" he murmured in his seductively velvety voice, \"you look beautiful.\" Titanium ignored his compliment, Blackheart kept intruding in her thoughts of a new beginning so she decided she needed to see him before she could properly say goodbye to her old life. \"Is something wrong, princess?\" Chrysos purred as he flicked the hair out of her face. \"I need to say goodbye to someone first,\" she replied with a steady voice, surprising herself. Titanium felt anything but steady and confident. He merely nodded and opened the window for them, allowing her to take off first. Her wings were still black but already they were starting to fade, becoming lighter and lighter as each moment passed. Titanium attempted to concentrate on flying to the one place she knew Blackheart would be; the Rider's residence. Chrysos flew silently by her side and in a matter of minutes they arrived, landing with grace in the garden. \"She's here! Blackheart!\" someone screamed from inside the house but he was already outside, taking in her new appearance with confusion. She attempted to smile, her naturally pink lips parting ever so slightly. \"They've come to fetch me,\" Titanium whispered as a breeze blew around them, \"I'm finally going home.\" Blackheart's eyes searched hers and she was shocked to see a number of emotions pass through them. Already the sun was starting to rise, splattering the horizon with a number of reds, oranges, pinks and purples. \"Princess, the portal is ready to take us to the ship,\" Chrysos commented from behind and they both glanced at him before looking back at each other. This was both the end and the beginning for them both even if, secretly, they did not want it to be so. Titanium looked over her shoulder and nodded for Chrysos to go, hesitantly he obeyed. As he stepped through the invisible portal, ripples spread throughout the air around him and he was gone. \"Titanium-,\" Blackheart had finally worked up the nerve to speak but she interrupted him, singing softly: \" Touch me, It is so easy to leave me All alone with the memory Of my days in the sun If you touch me, You'll understand what happiness is\" he attempted to reach out for her but she backed up slowly, stopping a step away when she whispered, \"Look, a new day has begun...\" and with that Titanium disappeared into the portal and exited his life, leaving no trace of her existence behind. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own anything from Ghost Rider, only the following story and the characters of "},{"Movie":"Sunshine","Title":"Penumbra","Author":"Punctuator","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4261363","Passage":"[Chapter 1] PENUMBRA She was right there. In astronomical terms, and as compared to the millions of miles they'd already traveled, the Icarus I was close enough to touch. She was broadcasting an automated distress signal. Her engines were off-line, but her hull was intact. More importantly, at least in the opinion of her sister-ship's physicist, her payload was intact, too. But then the decision-- Do we stop or don't we? -- went to a vote, and Capa lost. Searle had started in with a line of what the others obviously perceived as nonsense about how Capa should be the one to make the call, about how Capa, as their resident bomb-master, was best qualified to decide whether they should try to acquire the payload from the Icarus I . Capa mostly agreed with him, past a niggling sense that this was a decision he'd just as soon not have to make. So the others, sensing his hesitation, had made the decision for him. Kaneda, whose mistrust of Searle had grown in direct proportion to their doctor's self-inflicted skin damage from his solar-viewing sessions in the observation room, had informed Searle curtly that Capa's was not the only opinion at play here. Mace, his expression roughly relieved, had backed Kaneda while splitting an openly contemptuous stare between the doctor and Capa. \"You're right,\" he said to their captain, while the statement's obverse echoed silently in Capa's ears: And you're fucking wrong. Capa had looked from him to Trey, who looked openly relieved but who refused to meet his eyes, and then at Cassie, who looked back at him levelly. Supportively, he'd thought-- \"It would be an unjustifiably dangerous maneuver,\" she said. \"I'm opposed to it.\" Before he could stop himself, Capa said: \"I can understand you're afraid--\" He never had a chance. To finish, that is. Either then or, as it turned out, later. \"Fuck you,\" Cassie hissed. \"Cass-- All I'm saying is--\" The room narrowed down to them, just the two of them, and in narrowing seemed to catch and then to crush his heart. He'd never seen her angry; he'd never dreamed she could be this angry. \"Do you know the first thing about docking these ships, Capa?\" she snapped. \"I don't think you do. And you've got the fucking balls to say I'm afraid--?\" \"Cassie.\" The others were looking at them now, at him and at her. Capa felt his cheeks go hot. \"Jesus Christ, I only--\" \"She said 'no,' Capa.\" Mace turned to Kaneda. \"So we're not stopping.\" \"No, we're not.\" Kaneda had his eyes on Capa; Capa knew him well enough to recognize that Kaneda was disappointed in him: they had a mission-- that much was plain to anyone with an ounce of pragmatism or intelligence-- and the one among them who lived more in theory than in reality, that being Capa, had openly advocated deviating from that mission for a bad risk, a remarkably unsound chance. \"However-- Trey?\" \"Yes, sir?\" \"Calculate an alternate trajectory for our return voyage. If our payload doesn't succeed, perhaps we can rendezvous with the Icarus I on our way out. Take her payload and, if necessary, her reserve fuel stores.\" He asked Capa: \"Is that acceptable to you, Dr. Capa?\" \"Yes, Captain.\" \"It better be acceptable, you little shit,\" Mace muttered. \"Goddamn geek moron--\" \"That's enough, Mace,\" Kaneda said, as Capa bristled. \"Yes, sir.\" The meeting over, the mission safe, Mace headed for the entrance to the mess hall. He looked back, caught Cassie's eye. \"You coming, Cass?\" \"Yeah.\" For just a second, she looked at Capa. Her eyes were as dark as naked ice at night on a frozen lake, and just as clear and cold. Then she followed Mace out of the room. Capa went back to the payload. Dinnertime approached; he wasn't hungry. Just after eighteen hundred hours, the lights flickered for a moment. He paused. The lights steadied again. He kept working. The first thing he noticed when he left the payload at twenty-two hundred hours was the smell. Someone had burned something in the galley. Meat, by the odor. Maybe a chunk of packaging had caught fire, too. He asked, moving aft along the long spindle of a corridor leading from the payload back to the ship's residential areas: \" Icarus, aren't the air filters working?\" Air filtration is functional, Capa. Filtering residual smoke now. Capa paused. \"Residual smoke from what, Icarus ?\" Event, eighteen hundred hours, sixteen minutes: Fire, originating in galley, spreading to common area and Comms. Extinguished at eighteen hundred hours, eighteen minutes, by automated containment system. Damage to comms systems. Estimated casualties: four. Known fatalities: three. By now Capa wasn't listening. He was running for the galley.[Chapter 2] Their external communications were gone, their internal communications spotty. Which accounted, possibly for Icarus being wrong-- largely, though, to no thanking of God: she'd misread the biometrics coming from the blast scene. Trey, uncharacteristically absent from the galley, had survived relatively unscathed: a blow to his skull from a dropping fire-containment panel in the corridor outside the mess and a subsequent lungful of acrid smoke had laid him flat. And two were dead, not three: Harvey and Searle, on cooking duty, had died instantly, or so their injuries suggested, when one tiny electrical spike struck like steel off a flint against the heat of the flat-top range and sparked off a pocket of gas trapped in a design-flaw bend in the range's venting system; but the lanyard on which Corazon hung her commlink had burned through when the outrush of flame from the galley hit her. Deprived of the readings from that commlink and receiving no verbal acknowledgment that clearly answered the question Corazon, are you alive? , Icarus had assumed, as Capa did, when he first knelt beside the botanist's horrifically burned body there in the passthrough between the galley and the mess hall, that Corazon was dead. The good ship and her resident physicist-- who, to his shame, had reeled back in horror and then vomited a moment later when, Corazon, touched, had opened her eyes and shrieked in pain-- might have avoided the assumption by waiting one hundred and eight hours: five days after the fire, Akira Kaneda administered to the botanist of the Icarus II a fatal dose of painkiller. Their captain acted less than efficiently: in trying to euthanize the woman for whom he'd never declared his love, he broke three of the four bottles of Lethanol on board the Icarus II. His hands, understandably, moved spastically, nerve endings unaccustomed to light and air doing their best to retreat from this new overload of sensation, from the raw clarity of agony. Three wrist-flicks, three finger-quakes, three bottles toppling to and then smashing on the polished metal deck in Medical. He apologized to Corazon for his ineptitude as he injected her with the contents of the fourth bottle; he continued gently to murmur to her words even Icarus with her microphones and cameras, the depth of data banked like a cold black ocean in her mainframe, could not translate, as Corazon's eyes became thankful and then unseeing. When Capa and Trey found their captain sitting amongst the shards of broken glass and splashes of painkiller on the deck beside Corazon's bed, the syringe still gripped tight in his burned fingers, he apologized to them, too. This was two days after the deployment. The one and only, the successful deployment. The saving of the world. Which Capa and Trey had watched from the flight deck as the ship retreated from the sun, Capa in the pilot's chair, Trey beside him in the co-pilot's seat. An outrushing of luminescence that spelled life for everyone and everything they'd left behind on Earth. Capa had wondered then, watching as the light he'd created spilled through the cameras angled forward, through the ship's huge domed shield, if by touching that light and the heat behind it he would feel anything. He doubted it. \"I'm invulnerable,\" he'd murmured. \"Immortal--?\" Trey queried, possibly not hearing correctly. He looked at Capa, his brows arched, questioning, but Capa only shook his head and lounged bonelessly into the pilot's seat. Now, these three days later, he could feel again. Tears burned the backs of his eyes as he looked at the monitor providing the feed from Medical. He and Trey had made sure of that, that one image at least, after what had happened to Corazon. Kaneda, Cassie, and Mace were in their cots. Capa fixed his gaze on their captain. \"How could he do it?\" Trey looked over from the co-pilot's seat, saw where Capa was looking. \"You saw her. You treated her. She was dying, Capa.\" Capa merely asked again: \"How could he do it?\" Trey said: \"He loved her.\" \"No.\" Capa shook his head. \"You couldn't do that to someone you loved. You couldn't do that to-- to--\" \"To--?\" Trey echoed softly. Capa pushed up out of the chair. For a long moment, he stared down at Trey with open, cold fury. Trey looked back at him, his expression compassionate, infinitely reasonable. Capa hated him. He left the flight deck, headed for Medical. Kaneda knew Capa sometimes let him win at chess. He had to know. He suggested a game after Capa finished cleaning the worst of his burns. His breath hissed, bubbling and wet, past his cracked lips. \"No quarter,\" he said, hoarsely. \"Not today, Robert.\" Capa flinched slightly, caught out. He thought Kaneda smiled. \"Beat me as soundly as you can.\" They played. Capa played from exhaustion and sorrow, Kaneda from pain. The game lingered on. One hour, two. Capa sat hunched on one of the steel chairs beside the captain's bed. When his head nodded toward the board, Kaneda gently touched his forearm. Capa sat up sharply. Disoriented, he felt fresh horror at the sight of Kaneda's face. But the captain's eyes were clear and affectionate. \"Go. Rest.\" Capa could hear agony in the man's every rattling breath. \"I can wait,\" Kaneda said. He couldn't stay awake forever. Out of fear of missing the deadline for deployment, he hadn't slept. Then, in the maelstrom of caring for the injured, interring the deceased in the ship's mortuary freezers, he'd remained awake. On the sixth day following the deployment, on the advice of his captain and out of sheer physical necessity, Capa staggered into his cabin and collapsed on his bed. Kaneda went missing as he slept. Capa stared at the empty cot. Crustings of blood and pus on the sheets. The chess board knocked sideways on the wheeled cart, a scattering of pieces on the cot and on the floor. \"Where is he, Trey?\" \"How should I--\" Trey frowned in response to the desperation, the accusation, broadcast in Capa's expression. \"I don't know, Capa. I might have dozed off--\" His eyes widened. \"God, you don't think I--\" He left the question unfinished. Capa left it unanswered. \"We need to find him, Trey,\" he said. They did. Kaneda was seated in the main airlock, on the far side of the white chamber's thick inner door. Rattled though she was, damaged though she might be, Icarus had protected her human captain: she'd not allowed the outer hatch to open. But she hadn't prevented him manually from voiding the chamber's air into space. She hadn't prevented someone , Capa thought. \"He wouldn't do this. He wouldn't kill himself,\" he said, as he and Trey carried Kaneda's body back to Medical. He was panting or quietly hyperventilating, and he intoned the words like a creed for an honorable man now dead. \"Obviously, he did.\" Trey was panting, too. \"I didn't kill him. Neither did you.\" \"You fucker, Trey.\" \"He was in pain,\" Trey said. \"He likely perceived himself as a liability at this point. Do you honestly think he would have survived all the way home?\" Capa shook his head. He looked away and down. At Kaneda's closed eyelids. \"No.\" Only when they were in Medical, and their captain was stowed in his cold coffin, and Capa looked at their surviving wounded, did he realize-- Kaneda used the last of the painkiller on Corrie. Mace, for now, was out. So was Cassie. But when they woke: like a keening it was, the sound they'd make, a wail, continual and unknowing. They'd lie on their cots and cry from the pain. Like they had every day since-- Capa stared at them. He used the last of the painkiller. He gasped around a sob stuck deeply and silently in his throat. Oh, Cass. Oh, Jesus...[Chapter 3] Seated at the table in the mess when the fire broke out, Mace had suffered burns to a degree and percentage that did not, according to Icarus, bode well for human survival. His pain made him restless. Almost insensibly so. Like his whole body had become an amputated ghost limb. On their eighth day homebound, he hauled himself silently off his cot and lurched to his feet. \"Mace, you should stay down.\" Capa spoke flat-voiced from his place at the prep table, where he was laying out fresh air-wrap and cleansers. \"He's right. At least for another day or so.\" Trey laid off helping Capa. He went to the mechanic, reached to lay his hand on the man's arm-- and Mace gasped harshly: \"Stay away from me, you fucking-- you fuck-- you Goddamn freak.\" He staggered past Trey as Trey jerked his hand back; he paused, panting, at the door. \"God, it's hot in here.\" He left. They listened to him move off along the corridor, his retreating steps the shuffle-and-wheeze of an old man. \"I should go after him,\" Capa said. Trey shook his head. \"You'd probably do him more damage trying to bring him back.\" A handful of hours later, when respect for Mace's pride and pain gave way to concern, Trey approached Capa in the far reaches of the engineering section, where the ship's power plant ground out their motion home from a series of huge gears and pistons straight out of an art-deco yesteryear pragmatic, beautifully tooled, slick with glistening black grease. Capa had had a grim vision of finding Mace mangled to chunks and gristly red pulp amongst these man-tall gears. Later, he would think the truth was worse. \"I found him,\" Trey said. He was shuddering; his eyes were filled with tears. And his hands: his hands looked as though they'd been scalded or burned. Mace stared at Capa with opaque eyes. Rimed-white eyes. From his coffin. Or display case. His body moved slightly with the nudging of invisible currents. He was facing them, fully submerged, from the aquarium-like structure that housed the mainframe and its coolant. \"He said he was hot,\" Trey whispered. \"He said he felt hot. God, Capa...\" Capa felt his gorge rising. He looked away, stayed silent until the urge to vomit had passed, had re-manifested itself merely as a sheen of clammy sweat on his forehead. \"Let's get him out of there,\" he said. But they couldn't. Even with gloves, protective clothing, or, at Trey's horrible but practical suggestion, a grappling hook intended for EVA use. Icarus, like the arctic oceans of Earth, like the greatest of the Great Lakes of North America, the lake that declared itself superior to all others, near whose pine-forested rocky shores Capa had grown up and whose ice-covered groanings and great booming crackings sometimes haunted his sleep even now, was unwilling to give up her dead. They grabbed, missed. They splashed themselves with the coolant, which clung and burned like a napalm based not on gasoline and fire but on the sheer embodiment of cold. But still Mace-- or what had once been Mace-- avoided rescue. Capa was sweating. His mind was swimming in agonizing contemplation around coolant burns to his torso, his arms, his hands. He was shaking with exhaustion, frustration, and horror. \"What are we going to do--?\" Trey, panting and sweating, looked back at him in helpless silence. Icarus answered for him: Present activities in mainframe housing threaten disruption to coolant flow and to mainframe functions. Recommended action: cessation of said activities. Repeat: present activities in mainframe housing threaten disruption to coolant flow and to mainframe functions -- So they left Mace where he was. They climbed down off the gantry over the coolant tank and staggered out of the mainframe chamber. Away from Mace and the blank white accusation in his opaque eyes. When Cassie heard about Mace, she cried. Different it was from the sounds she made out of physical pain. A quiet, hopeless sobbing that managed to cut even more deeply into Capa's heart. He wanted to hold her; he knew that would spell agony for her raw, burned skin. So he settled for tending to her even more carefully, that much more gently. Until she put an end to that, too. He was cleansing the blistered flesh of her throat when she spoke and he felt as much as heard the words: \"How could you let him go off on his own?\" Her voice was a sandpaper whisper. Capa didn't reply. He could smell her cracked skin, the sickly salt tang of pus and damaged cells. He could feel her eyes on his face, studying him. He heard her tears: \"Am I going to die, too?\" He heard accusation then. And, worse: resignation. He looked at her, met her eyes. He wanted to tell her the truth: that he saw her only as she'd been before the accident. That she was beautiful to him, that she would always be beautiful to him. That he'd care for her, love her, now and always. But he knew those weren't the things she wanted-- or needed-- to hear. He looked in her dark, hurt eyes. Deep down, he thought he saw trust. \"No,\" he said. \"I won't let you die, Cass.\" She looked at him for a long moment. Then, coldly, she said: \"Leave me alone.\" Trey cared for her after that. He reported her progress to Capa, murmuring the words like a troubled diplomat who finds himself trapped between powers on the brink of war and who knows that open conflict would for one, if not both, of those powers mean utter destruction. Capa was listening to Trey's latest report from the bowels of an access hatch outside Comms. It was his turn to have a shot at repairing their external communications. He wasn't having much luck, despite the fact that he'd loaded the system's wiring layout to a data pad and had that pad near at hand. He was hot; he was tangled in wires; he was covered in pine-green insulating grease. Still, he could feel patience, compassion even, as he looked up at Trey, squatting on his haunches at the hatch's edge. \"She'll come around, Trey. She's healing. She'll feel better soon.\" \"You really think so?\" \"Yeah.\" Capa allowed himself a smile. Just for Trey's benefit, to quiet the hopelessness in the navigator's eyes. \"Just wait and see.\" A day later, in retrospect, that smile seemed like hubris. On that day, Cassie tried to get up. She fell and, in falling, struck and split her burned hide. Capa came running when he heard her scream. By the time he reached her, she was writhing on the deck, as though she could like a snake twist free of her damaged worn skin and, with it, her pain. Capa for a moment stuck himself to the illusion. Then, nearing, he heard her gasping. Whimpering. Tears were running down her raw cheeks. He reached for her-- \"No--!\" she snarled at him. Shocked, he scrambled back, away from her. He sat himself timidly on the floor of the medical bay and watched her. She was watching him, and her dark eyes were baleful. Hating him or her pain. Or both. Either way, it gave her focus. He could see that. He sat there for hours-- it may even have been a day-- while she stared her hatred into him. It broke from her, finally, like a fever. She keened quiet sobs as he lifted her and placed her back on the bed. She drifted off to sleep or unconsciousness while he tended to her. Icarus knew which way to go, and their engines were functional. They were on course. So Capa and Trey divided their time between tending to Cassie, the damaged comms system, and the Oxygen Garden. Capa set up a cot in the garden, and, a few days later, when Cassie was stronger, he carried her there. She stayed quiet, being carried, even though Capa must have been hurting her; all that day, she said nothing while he worked on his knees beside her, there in the loam. When he dared to look her way, he could see, though: she was sleeping more peacefully than she had since she'd been hurt. He'd been right: the cool green life of the place was doing her good. Trey, coming in, ducked past and through the ferns-- primitive and airily beautiful and impervious to inept gardeners like himself and Capa as they were-- and looked at Cassie with gentle concern. \"Is she--?\" \"Shh.\" Capa smiled slightly, and then, less slightly, with conviction. For the first time in nearly a month, he felt something like peace. \"Yeah.\" \"That's good.\" Trey knelt across from Capa, busied himself, as Capa already was, with poking seedlings root-down into the black soft dirt. They planted for a time in silence. Then Capa said: \"We'll have to ask Corrie if this spacing's correct. These seem awfully close together.\" \"Corrie's dead,\" Trey countered mildly. He looked Capa's way. \"Remember--?\" \"Yeah.\" Capa hesitated-- \"I mean, no. No, I didn't remember. Not right away.\" A blank, burning flare of frustration and grief. He rubbed his temple with the heel of one dirty hand and scowled. \"Am I going insane, Trey? How could I forget something like that?\" \"Strain. The deployment, the accidents, all the deaths. Man, I'd be more worried if you weren't messed up.\" Capa hesitated. He felt he should say something in acknowledgment, but he couldn't speak. He was doubling in on himself. Like dizziness it was. He dug his hands into the damp crumbly dirt and held on. Until that thin covering of dirt over metal tightmeshed decking over shielded insulation over an alloy bulkhead that separated him from the black absolute nothing of space gave him strength, as Earth herself or even the thought of homecoming to that Earth gave him strength. \"You're right,\" he said. He looked back at Trey. Trey met his eyes in even but comforting acknowledgment. They both went back to planting. Capa felt content. His contentment lasted, and, gradually, grain by grain as it were, it grew. Until his fall. The lights failed two weeks later. He and Trey labored to pinpoint the cause. The pinpointing, at least the more secondary aspects of it, led Capa, armed with a strip of fieldwork light cells, to the second level of the flight deck. He checked readings. Scanned a newsroom's-worth of monitors for power consumptions, shortages, shorts in the system. Then, descending the metal-grille steps, he happened in the darkness around his ankles to misangle his left foot. He misstepped. And he fell. With the crack but an indirect memory, he lay on his back on the hard grilling of the flight deck's lower section and stared in as-yet-unreceived agony at his left leg. Specifically at that part of his left leg just below the knee. And he thought how white bone looked against flesh. Against blood. Against the dirty powder-blue fabric of his trousers. As white as snow. And then he heard himself scream in pain.[Chapter 4] He thought at first that Trey had amputated his leg. One blessed second of disconnection between his body and his mind. Then he felt it: a cold, hollow splitting, a booming silent shock of pain, as though the marrow had been dried and chipped from the bone and every nerve in his leg had been left exposed to the air. He gasped at the intensity of it; he felt his body shudder with shock: a manifestation like a block of ice in his stomach, radiating through him in waves-- \"Capa?\" Light, to his left. He turned his head toward it, saw Trey's face sickly pale in the glow of the fieldlights. \"T--Trey--\" It was then he realized the rest of him couldn't move. He jerked in panic. He was well beyond the explanatory range of logic, which would have told him to wonder why, if he were paralyzed, he could still feel the pain below his knee. \"What's wrong with me--?\" \"You're strapped to a gurney,\" Trey said apologetically. He pressed a palm to Capa's chest, held him steady. \"We can't have you moving about while we set your leg. I'm sorry, man: I truly am. We were hoping you'd stay out until we finished.\" Capa had stopped several words back. \"We\"? What \"we\"...? Before he could ask, Trey pressed a folded piece of cloth between his teeth. \"Bite down, Capa. We'll do it as fast as we can.\" What \"we\"...? As Trey began to push the splintered bone of his tibia together, Capa thought he knew. He stared past Trey's shoulder. He stared while his body tried to arch. The animal in him panicked and bolted. The straps held him tight. Later, much later, he'd find friction burns and a mottled bluish belt of bruising across his chest. He thought he was staring at himself. Staring back. He heard the slurping of his torn flesh as it reabsorbed the fractured bone. He felt as though he were exploding outward from himself, now or a moment earlier. Because-- -- there he was, behind Trey. For a moment, he saw clearly with his other self's eyes himself on the gurney staring wildeyed back. He heard from his cloth-stuffed mouth a groan rattling with spit. His heart shook in his chest. The splintered ends of the bone in his leg rubbed against one another, twisted, swayed, snagged and released, snapped in passing, caught and held. All obscenely, all uncertainly-- Capa blacked out. He woke when Trey doused the fracture site with disinfectant, a jewel-like blue pouring that glittered in the pale glare of the fieldlights, and then he was conscious only long enough to shout more spittle into the cloth in his mouth. When he woke again, the cloth was gone. So was the worst of the pain. But he was shivering. He was sweatsoaked and cold. The thin mattress of the gurney pressed wetly between his shoulder blades. He heard the sound before he felt the new pain that accompanied it. No surprise there: compared to the agony he'd felt as Trey set his leg, this sensation was nothing. From below his knee it came: a series of jolting taps accompanied by fleshy thunks. \"Hey,\" he croaked. Trey raised his eyes. As the light passed from the dark crown of his hair to his pale skin, his face unveiled itself like the moon coming out of eclipse. He looked at Capa and smiled. \"Hey, Capa. How do you feel, buddy?\" \"I'm cold.\" \"We'll get you onto dry bedding and under blankets as soon as we're done clamping and bracing the fracture site, okay? Don't want that bone popping back out, do we?\" \"No, we don't.\" It wasn't Capa who replied. He opened his mouth, a silent Who -- -- as Cassie stepped into the glow of the fieldlights. She touched Trey's shoulder as Capa stared; she said: \"I can finish up here, Trey.\" \"It's all yours.\" Trey straightened, handed her the autostitcher. \"Hell, you have to be better at this than I am.\" He looked sheepishly from her to Capa. \"Think I've been going in zig-zags with that damned thing.\" \"It doesn't look that bad,\" Cassie said, kneeling, looking closely at Capa's leg. \"I'll leave you to it, then. Let me know if you need any help. I'm going to see what I can see on the flight deck. Then I'll have a shot at getting the lights back on.\" Capa, still staring, whispered, \"Thank you, Trey.\" Trey nodded with weary good humor. He unclipped a glowing cell from the fieldstrip and walked off into the blackness, almost immediately no longer visible as himself. Just a bobbing handful of light he was. Then that, too, vanished. He lay for what felt like a very long time simply listening to the thunk of the autostitcher. He couldn't look at her. He was afraid to look at her. Not out of revulsion at her healing burns, but out of terror at a thought, a conviction: If I look at her, she'll vanish. I'm imagining this. (As pain in solid taps jolted his broken leg.) She isn't really here. She's -- \"Capa?\" Cassie gently squeezed his thigh, just above his left knee: he felt her fingers pressing against his flesh. \"Capa, are you alright?\" \"Y-- yeah.\" He swallowed enough of his fear to turn his eyes to her. Then he swallowed again, around pain that tightened his throat. \"Looks pretty bad, doesn't it?\" \"It's okay.\" She kept her hand on his thigh as she smiled a ghost of her gentle, bright smile. \"I've seen your bony knees before, you know.\" Despite the disinfectant, the fracture became infected. Capa descended into fever, then into delirium. He had long, rambling, incoherent talks with Kaneda, who sat silently by his bedside and who sometimes peeled away his face and stared at Capa with naked protruding eyeballs while Capa shouted with fear and knew him to be Death. Corazon occasionally joined them: she'd step from the blackness into the patch of light that held Capa and his cot, and she would stand unbreathingly beside him and pick maggots from the cracks in her charred skin and place them on him, on his chest and arms, and they'd burrow into him, and Capa could feel them moving beneath his skin. He clawed at himself to get them out. He cried; he screamed himself hoarse. He sweated in hellish heat; he shuddered with cold-- He woke up. He opened his eyes. Blackness pushed into his sockets. Still, something in him had the presence of mind to ask: \"Why is it so dark? I thought Trey was going to fix the lights.\" \"He has.\" Cassie's voice, to his left. Cassie's hand-- he'd know her touch anywhere-- on his left shoulder. \"You've been sick, baby.\" \"My eyes--\" \"Your eyes are fine. You just need to focus. Look at me, Capa.\" \"I can't--\" \"Of course you can, sweetie.\" Her hand cupped itself against Capa's cheek. \"Look at me.\" He did. He saw her face, and all the pain, all the stress, the accident, the horror and strain caught up to him. He looked at her, and he started to cry. Great gulping, wracking, hopeless sobs. \"I'm so sorry, Cass--\" \"Capa, shh--\" She stroked his hair gently. \"It's okay.\" Angel that she was, she waited with him, patiently, silently, while grief drained from him like a toxin, until he could speak without choking. \"I never meant to doubt you.\" \"I know.\" \"It won't happen again, I swear.\" \"I believe you.\" \"I love you,\" he said. She kissed his dry lips. \"I love you, too.\" Another kiss, her lips warm and soft on his forehead. \"Go back to sleep. I'll be nearby if you need anything.\" He watched her straighten away from him. She was wearing a pale blue t-shirt, worn but not frayed, and her Spitfire charm hung on its silver chain like a crucifix against her sternum. As the tears subsided from his eyes, he looked from the tiny gleaming wings to her neck, then higher to her face. Her scars had faded. He hadn't noticed when he first opened his eyes. Staring didn't bring them back now. They were gone. \"Must be a trick of the light,\" he whispered. \"Hm?\" Cassie smiled, her brows and brown eyes bemused. \"What's that--?\" And her hair had grown back. She had it pulled back into a ponytail. As she often wore it. Just as she was wearing it the night she-- \"How long was I out?\" Capa asked. \"Too long.\" Again she touched his face. She stroked his cheek, and he could hear his stubble rasp against her fingertips. In her eyes he could see a darkness as of past sorrow; he saw tears as well. \"I thought I'd lost you.\" He smiled for her. \"Never.\" He closed his eyes, still seeing her smile in return. He slept. When next he woke, a fresh set of realizations: Medical looked cleaner. His leg was barely aching, just a sort of reminder-throb that kept time with his heart. He was dressed in a clean green t-shirt and his boxers, but that would do for now. No immediate need to stand on formality. To stand on anything, for that matter: the pain in his leg might not be crippling, but he was willing to wait for help from his medical team before he tried to get up. He was still tired, too. He realized that when he propped himself higher against his pillow and the room briefly blurred around him. It refocused as Trey walked in. He smiled when he saw Capa. \"Hey, she wasn't kidding. Welcome back.\" \"Thanks.\" Capa nodded toward the ceiling. \"Good job on the lights.\" \"Fortunately, I'm not as bad at reading electrical schematics as I am at reading maps,\" Trey replied. He added quickly, when Capa looked alarmed: \"That was a joke, by the way.\" \"Got it.\" The words slurred slightly in his mouth. Dizziness: a slow, sandcrawl wave of it. Capa let his head fall back on the pillow. Trey came nearer, his expression concerned. \"You okay?\" \"Just tired.\" \"Get you anything? Water--?\" \"Not right now, Trey. Thanks.\" Thanksh, he said. As if he were intoxicated. Or as if time were slowing. NoshtrytnowTreythanksh. Trey's fingers squeezed his shoulder, and Capa focused on that: the contact. Tried to. He was dozing off-- \"You hang in there, Capa. You hear me? It won't be long now. We'll be home before you know it.\" Capa smiled. It sounded as though time were slowing for Trey, too. \"That's good.\" He closed his eyes. For a moment he wondered if the light beyond his lids was still there for the seeing. Somehow, though, it didn't seem important. Not right now. He was healing; Cassie and Trey were with him. They were going home. He slept.[Chapter 5] Taylor was outside the Shostakovich , recalibrating the farthest-spaceward sensor array on the station the World Space Administration had placed nearest Earth's neighbors in the inner solar system. What this translated to, for the rotating staff of fifteen men and women who populated the Shostakovich at any given time, was a sixteen-day commute to a shift lasting from six to sixteen weeks. Taylor, a rangy, craggy, sandy-haired man too tall to fit comfortably in a WorSpAd standard-issue suit, was well into the last week of an eight-week stint. \"Got something to help you celebrate, George,\" Douglas had said, seven hours earlier. John Douglas, station commander, was half a head or better shorter than Taylor, but he had a bulldog's frame packed with muscle across the chest and shoulders, and he was known throughout the admin as a decent guy. But he had devilish blue eyes, too, and a bastard sense of humor backing them up. Taylor said: \"Sensor array?\" \"I need to remind you how you're best qualified, we're lucky you're here, et cetera, et cetera...?\" \"Naw. Save me a hit off that bottle of Glenmorangie you've got stashed. That'll do.\" As one of the station's suit wranglers helped him wedge himself into his EVA gear, Taylor listened to Douglas make the shift announcements. Last up was news of the spacewalk, the manual recalibration of the station's outermost sensor array, to be performed by Taylor and Alan Gorecki, the station's comms specialist. Taylor caught the last of it just before his wrangler sealed his helmet. Means we'll be temporarily forgoing our role as Earth's earliest early warning system , Douglas was saying, over the intercom. The Venusians show up today, we'll never know until Control shuttles out our pink slips. Now, outside, Taylor was standing by with a lamp watching Gorecki finish the last of the finest fine-tuning when he felt a tingling at the back of his neck. A nerve-tickle, like spiders' feet. He turned himself around. His mouth dropped open. It was a ship. A huge ship, moving at speed. She was a mile long if she was an inch. A spindle bulked with living modules at her midsection. She flashed by. He knew she was moving faster than an avalanche, and he could imagine her roaring like one. But this was space, and the ship was absolutely silent-- He shook himself. \"Alan, look.\" Even through the armor of Gorecki's suit, Taylor could see the man start at being interrupted. One of the blessings of EVA work, and one of the dangers, too: the solitude enfolded you. Once you were able to filter out the chatter over your helmet feed, it was just you and your work. Nearly a waking dreamstate. The techs, like Gorecki, were more prone to it than the general mechanics, spacehounds like Taylor, which was why Douglas had acted wisely in pairing them up. Now Gorecki turned, too, beside Taylor, and stared at the ship, and as Taylor called over his helmet feed to Douglas to get to the nearest starboard view out, fast, Gorecki cut in-- \"Look.\" He raised his suited arm, pointed. The mystery ship was towing a shield. A metal-paneled parabolic dish over a mile in width, if Taylor's guess was at all accurate. In space it's difficult to estimate size and distance: no atmosphere, no points of comparison. Only absence or presence. The ship had missed them. It had missed the Shostakovich . The shield might, too. Just barely-- He thought all this in under three seconds. Then he remembered where he and Gorecki were. On the outer sensor array. That much nearer the avalanche. He looked, and his heart jolted in his chest. He saw the inner edge of the shield like his own private moon. A silent unreal dirty white crescent rushing right at him. He grabbed Gorecki's suited arm. \"Let's go--!\" Taylor unclipped the tether from his suit, turned away, and punched in his suit boosters. The edge of the shield missed him by five meters. It missed his tether by two. It didn't miss the sensor array, which snapped away and shattered like carmelized sugar. And it didn't miss Gorecki. A soft grunt over Taylor's helmet speakers. A sharp crunch. Then silence from Gorecki's feed. Taylor couldn't see him, once he'd countered and slowed his own rocketing motion away from the station and the ship: the shield had scooped Gorecki up and carried him away. When Taylor got himself back inside the Shostakovich , Douglas was keeping his people calm and on-task. They had atmosphere and power, and at least that damned ghost ship hadn't taken out their communications. Douglas nodded in frowning acknowledgment to Taylor as Taylor entered the command deck. \"Call the Russians,\" the commander was telling his comms officer. \"Ask 'em if they've got any SOSes in this sector.\" Asked Arkin, a dark-haired young guy and Douglas's too-new second-in-command: \"Why?\" \"Because if she's on autopilot and Control can't raise her computer, they're gonna need help slowing her down.\" He didn't bother barking at the kid for something Arkin should have known. Douglas had been around long enough to know that one of the primary rules of command in space was conservation of resources. SOS: the Russians called it \"small-object survey\"; everyone else called it \"salvage.\" After the Icarus missions had effectively stripped Earth of her fissionable materials, there'd sprung up a black-market demand-- despite all the affirmative rhetoric about new sources of clean, safe power-- for said materials. Asteroids seemed a possibility, if, literally, a distant one. So, while the governments of Earth locked horns over the details of international property rights regarding huge pieces of property that were not, in fact, of the Earth, the Russo-Indian Alliance had sidestepped the debate through clever phrasing and had built and commissioned the SOS fleet. Survey ships that just happened to be tough enough to crack heads with asteroids, to wrangle meteors, and to extract whatever materials thorough research might require, be that material rock or soil samples-- or, perhaps, the odd bit of uranium, the occasional boulder of sapphire, a ton of gold or silver now and again. \"Sir, it's the Russians,\" said Douglas's comms officer. Speak of the devil , Taylor thought. \"S.O.S. Natascha . Wants to know if they can be of assistance.\" \"Tell them yes,\" Douglas replied. \"But tell their captain that it's nyet on the 'survey' rights.\" He turned to Taylor as the message went out to the Natascha . \"You got the best look at her, George. She was gone before most of us made it to the window. What do we tell Control?\" Taylor was still numb. Shock, his flight, the chill from the suitwork itself. He'd been checking the details in his mind against his first, instinctual identification of the ship. He was a thoughtful man, a seasoned astronaut. Only when he was certain did he reply: \"Tell them it's the Icarus II, inbound from the sun. She's on her way home.\" The problem, then and two weeks later, as Daniel Monroe stood in his capacity as Project Icarus advisor observing and listening on the command deck of Space Station Kubrick , was an ironic one: the ship that had ensured the continuing survival of humanity was now rocketing like a missile toward the very planet she had saved, the beautiful blue globe spinning in space below them. He was listening, now, to the chatter coming over the channels the tenders used. Nothing from the Icarus II herself: setting aside for a moment the question of whether any of her crew were still alive, she wasn't transmitting. Her comms were down. No radio signal, not even her call sign. Which is where the tenders came in. While Control tried desperately to establish enough contact with her computer to tell her to take her engines offline, a swarm of tough, tiny ships was working alongside the Icarus , fixing at reinforced points on her hull remote-controlled boosters that might be used to alter the ship's headlong course. A second group of tenders flew at a safe distance alongside the Icarus. These tenders carried magnetized mines. If the boosters failed, the mines would destroy humanity's savior before she could fall to Earth. Monroe looked at the feed coming from the forward camera of one of the tenders. She still looked deceptively delicate, he thought, the Icarus II . Even moreso now, for the three years she'd been away. Wear to her hull from heat, cold, scoring from micro-meteorites and dust. Curt Bowman, the Kubrick 's sensible, quiet commander, had asked Monroe the most obvious question when Monroe had arrived two days ago and they'd looked together the first images of the Icarus , transmitted back from the Russo-Indian survey vessel that at the time had been trying to get grapplers onto the ship's hull: \"Wouldn't she burn up in the atmosphere?\" \"Break up. Not burn up. Not completely.\" Monroe pointed at the great metallic dome now trailing at the Icarus 's stern. \"That shield is meant to withstand solar-atmosphere heat, let alone anything Earth's atmosphere can generate. The ship herself is plated for higher-than-normal temperatures. If she falls, structurally she'll pull apart. But the pieces will be intact when they hit.\" \"You realize,\" Bowman said quietly, \"this could mean destroying the most famous ship in human history.\" \"Better that than her taking out New York, London, or Hong Kong on her way down, don't you think?\" He'd felt his first real inklings of despair then, for the ship and her crew. He'd come to know all of them during their orientation and training. He'd played chess with Kaneda, the mission's captain, and with their physicist, Robert Capa, the crew's youngest member, who hid his shyness and a sly, friendly sense of humor behind a chilly genius front. Their botanist, Corazon, was the unflappably brilliant poker player that Mace, their mechanic, only imagined himself to be. All of them were good people, truly decent people. Now Monroe found himself bracing for the worst. In less than six hours, the Icarus would be too near Earth. She would be nearly within touching distance of the Kubrick or one of the Kubrick 's sister stations. Then those mastering the remote boosters would cede control to those who held the triggering codes of the magnetized mines dotting the Icarus 's hull and shield, and the most famous ship in human history would cease to exist. With forty-seven minutes to go, a comp tech aboard the Kubrick , using a channel that spoke to a subsystem well below the sophistication of the Icarus 's artificial intelligence, got through to what remained of the ship's computer. Two minutes later, the ship's engines shut down, and the remote boosters steered her clear of Earth. It took another two days, nearly, to turn the ship and angle her into docking position at her original high-orbit build platform. Then the first rescue-and-recovery team cracked the seal on her airlock and went inside. No lights. Stale air. And a smell. Animal, feral, deathly. Rotting, too, from where she was. Zoe Rueda angled her torchbeam up at the wall fans in the oxygen garden of the Icarus II , over the stands of ferns collapsed and dead or dying from lack of light. Only two of the fans were spinning, and then only slowly, laboriously. Rueda. She touched her comm bar. \"Rueda here.\" Sullivan, ma'am. We're in Medical. We've got bodies here. Beside her, Jason Bose, Rueda's burly field partner, paused in mid-step. He was looking out over his torch beam, toward the dark second level of the garden, where the botanist's and physicist's offices would have been. \"How many?\" Rueda asked. She kept her eyes on Bose, looked where his dark eyes were looking. Six. We think. It's hard to tell, ma'am. A couple of them are really messed up. Now Bose was stepping away from her through the debris in the garden, picking his way toward the steps leading to the second level. \"Record your findings, Sully, and continue your sweep. Rueda out.\" She had just moved to follow Bose when they heard it. A rustling sound, a dragging. It stopped when Rueda tuned her ears to it. Water, condensed from the ship's air- and equipment-cooling systems, was still dripping over a steel table at the chamber's far end. But that's not what she-- or Bose-- had heard. \"There's something alive in here,\" Bose said. They found him in the physicist's office, folded in on his pale, skeletal self on the floor in the corner farthest from the door. One filthy, starved survivor. A badly healed fracture to his left leg. From beneath a snarled matting of dark hair, he stared at Rueda and Bose with eyes of crystal blue. More specifically, he stared at the lights they carried. Robert Capa stared at their lights. Then he started to scream.[Chapter 6] Beside homely Jack Leonidas, pathologist and mortuary scientist for the Icarus Project, Monroe stood under under bright all-seeing light in a room of white walls and chrome looking down at a human body. Blackened flesh under a crisp white sheet. Burnt red, staled to brown, hints of weathered gray: what was once raw now dead. The remains of a young woman's face. Her eyes were closed. Monroe was grateful for that. \"The year has not been kind to Lieutenant Cassidy,\" Leonidas said, his gruff voice soft. Monroe glanced at him, the lines in the man's gargoyle face working in quiet sadness, then let his eyes drift to the monitor showing Cassidy's personal information, her picture. One of the loveliest girls he'd ever seen. Open, delicate face, dark eyes and hair. Monroe looked away from the screen. \"Cause of death, Jack?\" \"Suffocation.\" Monroe turned to him with a perplexed frown. Leonidas took it as a cue to lead Monroe out of the mortuary and back to his office; Monroe was only too willing to follow him. Not that Cassidy was the most horrific of the mission's casualties: Searle and Harvey had been the most terribly burned, and had likely died instantly. Mace had suffered the most grotesque fate: after more than ten months suspended in the coolant housing the ship's mainframe, his body had begun to dissolve, ice crystals forming around skin and flesh tearing away in hoarfrost shreds. On their way to Leonidas's office, they passed the secondary path lab, where techs were performing confirmational DNA testing on samples taken from the body unofficially identified as Trey's. By count and logic, the corpse they had was his, but it was missing most of its head. \"Blast panel caught him when the fire broke out, we're guessing,\" Leonidas had said, apologetically, watching as Monroe, looking at the body, fought to keep his breakfast in his stomach. \"We found skull fragments and what we think is brain tissue on the deck near the galley freezer. Poor bastard. Three more feet, and he could have gotten inside. Might've saved himself.\" Now, however, they were in Leonidas's office, and Leonidas was handing Monroe a mug of coffee. Monoe sipped, a shudder running between his shoulder blades, while Leonidas called up the pathology report on Cassidy. \"Fabric fibers stuck to the skin of her face, inside her nostrils,\" he said. He pointed with a coarse finger at a microscopic strand magnified to the size and gnarled roughness of a twig. \"Matches the fabric used for the ship's bedding. My guess is Dr. Capa suffocated her with her pillow.\" \"My God--\" \"They were out of painkiller, probably had been for days.\" Leonidas's voice was unaccusing. \"We found one bottle's worth in Corazon; the survey team found the rest on the floor in Medical.\" He looked at Monroe. \"In my opinion, he did her a favor.\" Monroe said nothing. He finished his coffee, his eyes on the screen. His hands were shaking. \"So he murdered her,\" said Jeff Lasky. En route to the last stop in the parade of horrors that constituted the mission's followup, Monroe looked with open, sick disgust at the director of Project Icarus. They were walking down a corridor of slate-gray walls, nocturnal lighting. \"Suffocated her,\" Monroe countered, tightly. \"There's a difference.\" Lasky's watery blue eyes caught the light in cruel mischief. \"I don't see how.\" They came to a double set of doors, a keypad glowing in pale green on the wall to the right. Monroe punched in an access code, and the doors swung slowly open, toward them. \"Their last messages home imply that Capa and Cassidy were lovers,\" he said. \"You make the connection.\" Lasky passed him, went through the doors. A moment later, at the observation window, he said: \"Well, he certainly doesn't look like a murderer. Nor, for that matter, like much of a savior, either.\" Joining him, Monroe thought I could kill you, you son of a bitch. He looked at the window. What he saw beyond, he saw only through the grace of the latest in light-sensing technology. The room in which Robert Capa lay was pitch dark. They had him in restraints on a hospital bed; they'd cleaned him, under sedation, and tended to the terrible fracture in his left leg as best they could. They'd dressed him in a hospital gown and run IVs to his bony arms. At his healthiest, he'd been slender; now he was skeleton-thin. He lay unmoving, watching the darkness. \"Why is he in the dark?\" Lasky asked. \"Light phobia,\" Monroe replied. \"The woman heading up the rescue team had the sense to recognize it. She said he screamed until they switched off their torches.\" \"Is he under sedation now?\" \"Minimal,\" said a woman's voice. Monroe started. Julie Macmahrlahan, the project's primary physician, was standing beside him. She was tall and dark-haired, and she moved with the silent grace of a praying mantis. \"Doctor,\" Monroe said. \"Doctor,\" she said in reply. Her green eyes, clear even in this light, strayed coldly to Lasky. \"We can't give him much of anything. He's suffered damage to his heart, liver, and kidneys. From self-medicating, we think. For the pain from his leg. The best we can do is to keep him quiet.\" \"And fed.\" Lasky nodded with satisfaction. \"At least we're not looking at a total loss in terms of public relations. How soon until he's on his feet?\" Macmahrlahan exchanged looks with Monroe, and, but for the professional sorrow in her expression, he might have wondered whether they were blocking one another from attacking Lasky bodily and outright. \"We're not certain at this time that that's an option, Dr. Lasky.\" Lasky looked at her incredulously. \"You're not saying that he's going to die --\" \"I'm not saying that he's going to live.\" Macmahrlahan spoke quietly and carefully. \"Dr. Capa is a very sick man.\" \"Well, just keep him fed and medicated, and we'll--\" \"That may not be an option either, sir,\" Monroe said. \"You've seen his personal directives.\" \"I've seen them.\" \"No artificial means of sustenance--\" \"I said I've seen Dr. Capa's directives, Dr. Monroe.\" The water in Lasky's pale eyes was now as hard as ice. \"And I know his parents died six months ago. Car crash, wasn't it--?\" \"Which makes his older sister his power-of-attorney,\" Monroe said. \"I've already contacted her.\" Lasky looked at him with surprise and unconcealed anger. He had, at least, grace enough to internalize his sputter. \"Forgive me, sir,\" Monroe added dryly. \"I assumed you would approve.\" He met with her on a jagged spring day. Ice crisp and brittle over puddles, over mud. Leaf buds like tiny artichokes huddled on wet black branches. At first glimpse, Rosa Fischer looked nothing like her brother. Mostly, it was the eyes: Robert Capa's were wide and strikingly blue; his sister's eyes were a thoughtful shade of hazel in a pale, thin, clean-featured face. She wore a light gray tweeded coat against the lingering chill, dark slacks, boots. No gloves, no hat over her long dark hair. He thought, first seeing her, that she might start crying, a worn sort of grief that would flow from her on a wash of tears. He found the idea unthreatening. \"Mrs. Fischer? How do you do? I'm Dan Monroe.\" He offered her his hand. Rosa took it. She studied his face calmly. You can wear grief like armor. Some people don't realize that. Doctor Monroe, she could see, was one of those people. \"Call me Rosa,\" she said. She smiled slightly, reassuringly, saying it. She hoped she didn't sound too much like what she was-- that is to say, a recently divorced woman. The world saved, armageddon averted, salvation at hand, and here she was: one of the many who'd suppressed personal irritations and desires for so long that they'd been nearly overwhelmed by frustration and anger once the world's crisis passed. Selflessness becoming selfishness overnight, her husband had called it. She hadn't argued. It's easy to be a martyr when being a martyr seems the only choice, when death is the only path available. When you realize your arm's not off, though, you're free to feel the sting of the paper cuts. She and Alex reached their crisis five months ago, after she'd returned from Michigan and her parents' funerals-- an amiable split: equal property rights, shared custody. She had yet to return to her maiden name. Right now, it would seem too much like cashing in on her brother's glory. She stood at the observation window, Drs. Monroe and Macmahrlahan flanking her, and looked at said brother's breathing remains. His cheeks were sunken, his skin sallow even in the artificial light. She could see the bones in his wrists and hands, restrained at his sides by straps a hundred times too strong for the task. His eyes were closed. He'd killed Cassidy. \"Cassie and I--\" She saw him now as he'd been then, revealing his intimate transgressions to her in a message from forty million miles away. She could read the happiness in his eyes; she'd smiled, silently projecting suggestions-- Screwed? Made love? Fucked like bunnies? -- as he paused, hovered over his next words-- \"-- Umm--\" Like a choose-your-own-adventure even his most coherent messages were. Or one of those puzzles where you added a noun here, a verb there, an adjective. She wondered how many tries it had taken him to come even this close to confessing. She studied him for clues. No missing teeth, as revealed in white even flashes beyond his full lips. No scratches or bruises, above the neck, at any rate. Ostensibly, Cassidy had acquiesced to the encounter, likely even enjoyed it outright. Rosa in her message back would have to ask-- and then chuckle, imagining his blush. When he was ten years old, he'd come within inches of being diagnosed with Asperger's syndrome. Too quiet, too shy, too inwardly focused. Their mother, a field medical technician for the Michigan State Police, would have none of it. \"He just needs to find himself, that's all,\" she said. Rosa tramped along with him when he went out looking. Hours out in all weather, walking through the woods that surrounded their house on the Upper Peninsula. Rain, mud, or snow. The occasional clear day, the fragments of sky through the branches the color of his eyes. Decked out in blaze orange during hunting season-- and as delicately as a deer he'd pause, his nostrils flaring slightly, as he frowned in the direction of every echoing pop of a rifle-shot. Rosa thought at the time, watching him-- she spent their hikes not only absorbing cold, gray, sodden nature but composing in her head stories (some of which, even now, had boosted her onto the lower rungs of bestseller lists in Australia and North America)-- that he seemed to resent not the interruption of his thoughts but the interruption of life itself. Not romantically, not poetically: pragmatically. He could see patterns where the rest of them saw chaos; Rosa knew that. Their mother knew it, too. When they returned from a ramble, she'd ask, without a hint of sarcasm: \"Are all the leaves present and accounted for, Robert?\" And Robert would smile his shy, tooth-hiding smile. He added, suddenly-- his message-self added, confessing his tender tryst with Cassidy: \"Don't tell Mom.\" And Rosa had laughed. She asked, glancing at the pages sitting before her on the visitor's side of Dr. Macmahrlahan's desk: \"Are these treatment papers?\" \"Commitment papers, Rosa.\" She didn't look up. \"He's not coming back, is he?\" \"Not anytime soon, no.\" She didn't hate Monroe, even after he explained it. The armor of grief, you see: you feel as though you'll never feel anything again. And he was a good, kind man, Monroe was. He couldn't help it. Dr. Lasky was a cold bastard, little more than a sturgeon with legs, primeval, narrow-minded, and vicious, but Monroe was every bit the burly bear of a fellow Robert had described him as. She sat back, away from herself, as he told her what her brother had gone through, and tried to imagine his brown eyes twinkling, tried to picture him smiling, his broad cheeks dimpling as he did. Distancing herself. \"Three of them died instantly when the fire broke out. Searle, Harvey, Trey. We think that Captain Kaneda assisted Dr. Corazon in killing herself before he-- The tests indicate he asphyxiated, likely in the main airlock.\" He paused; he reached for his mug of coffee. Those ever-present, ever-comforting mugs. Rosa reached for hers, too, sipped, then cradled the heavy warm ceramic against her chest. Monroe continued: \"Mace-- their chief mechanic-- he wound up in the mainframe coolant. Delirious, probably. Shock and pain. He drowned there, and Dr. Capa was unable to extricate him. His efforts to do so damaged the mainframe; said damage was compounded as-- as--\" He cleared his throat, took another swallow of his coffee. \"The coolant is corrosive to human flesh, you see. Mace was immersed in it for a year or better.\" \"A contaminant,\" Rosa said softly. \"Yes. It damaged the circuits for, among other things, the ship's lighting. Estimating from ship's stores, Dr. Capa had field lighting to last for two months. As for oxygen, Dr. Corazon's final reports estimate enough air for one-quarter of their return trip. That is to say, air enough for eight people. So when the lights failed and the ferns began to die, there was still oxygen enough for--\" Rosa asked: \"How long were the lights out?\" \"Eleven months. Approximately.\" \"After he killed Cassie.\" After he saw the rest of his crewmates burned alive, suffocated, crushed, and drowned. After he suffered a compound fracture just below the knee of his left leg. After he began to medicate himself against the pain of what he'd seen and what he felt, eventually taking pills blindly-- literally-- from the cabinet in Medical. She asked Monroe: \"Did he ever tell you why he became a physicist?\" \"He might have.\" Monroe's expressive heavy brows bowed in a mild frown. \"I'm sorry; I don't remember.\" \"It's alright.\" Rosa looked calmly at the coffee remaining in her mug. \"He told me once that he wanted to work with light because he was afraid of the dark.\" He never came back. She allowed them to feed him, against his written and recorded wishes, for two months. Two months and a day later, she was at his side where he lay in the darkness of his room. It was well after-hours; they were alone. In her right hand she held a hypodermic. He talked, sometime, to Cassidy and Trey. Rambling discussions about the ship, the mission, encouragement regarding the long voyage home. Not long now. Tender whisperings to his injured love, healing and helping him to heal in turn. He wasn't talking now. Rosa stood beside his bed and by the depth and slowness of his ragged breathing knew him to be asleep. He was dying. She'd known it in the tallying of his ribs, the rattle like dry leaves in his chest. She noted it now out of simple observation and sadness, not guilt, as she injected the contents of the syringe into his right bicep. She set the empty syringe on the table near his bed-- she had the room mapped in her mind, to the inch-- and stretched out beside him. \"Pinch to wake the dreamer, Cass?\" \"Hmm...?\" she asked softly. Capa tipped his head closer to hers, the scent of roses in her soft dark hair. \"Fell asleep on the shuttle, didn't I?\" \"Yes, you did.\" \"Sun'll be up soon, won't it?\" \"Mm hm.\" \"Do you mind if I-- I'm still feeling tired.\" \"It's okay. Go back to sleep, darling. I'll wake you when it's time.\" Capa smiled. \"It'll be beautiful, won't it?\" he whispered. \"Yes, it will.\" She held him until he slept, and after that she held him until he stopped breathing. She held him until the last bit of life shuddered out of his sunken chest. She held him until his body was still with the absolute stillness of death, until his skin was cool beneath her touch. She held Capa until he was safely on his way, until the sun was rising and he was watching it rise with Cassidy at his side. Rosa held her brother Robert until he died. Then she went home. THE END ","Summary":" PENUMBRA She was right there. In astronomical terms, and as compared to the millions of miles they'"},{"Movie":"Dracula Untold","Title":"The Story Left Untold","Author":"AssassinNovice72","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11409735","Passage":"[Chapter 1] In the year of our Lord and lady, 1442, the Turkish sultan enslaved 1,000 Transylvanian boys and girl, ti fill the ranks of his army. These child slaves were beaten without mercy, trained to kill without conscience, to crave the blood, of all who defied the Turks. From among these boys and girl, two grew into warriors so fierce that entire armies would retreat in terror, at the mention of their names. Vlad the Impaler, Serena the Ripper. Son of the Dragon and Devil Spawn. Sicken by their monstrous acts, Vlad and Serena came to bury their past with the dead and return to Transylvania to rule in peace. Their subjects called them, Prince and Princess. I called them Father and Aunt. But the world would come to know them as... Dracula and Medusa.[Chapter 2] Vlad and Serena look at the river stream, standing with Transylvanian men, \"I left it, where I found it.\" Shkelgim informs them, sitting down on the rock. \"What do you think, Vlad, Serena?\" Dimitru asks them, \"Bring it to me.\" Vlad tells them. Dimitru walks over to the stream and pulls the helmet out between the rock. He then walks over to the siblings and handed it to Vlad, he looks at it and handed it to Serena. \"This belongs to a Scout. One of Hamza Bey's men.\" she states, examining the Turkish helmet, then she walks over to the river. \"What the hell's a lone Turk doing out here?\" Petru asks. \"Turkish scouts never travel alone.\" she walks up to a rock, Vlad right behind her. \"If there one, there more.\" she states, standing in the sun; a foot shorter then Vlad, long black hair, fair white skin, bright blue eyes and blood red lips. She wore men uniform, somewhat similar to Vlad's and had two daggers strap behind her. \"And whatever they scout, they conquer.\" Vlad warns them. Serena looks around the area and at the river. \"This was wash downstream.\" she states, walking into the direction where the stream comes from, \"Came from up there. Broken Tooth Mountain. Soon it will be night. They'll seek refuge.\" She tells them, Vlad looks back at the men, \"Dimitru, I need you to return to the castle. Alert the guards and double the sentry.\" Vlad informs him. \"What? I'm not leaving you both here.\" Dimitru protested. \"For the Turks to cross into our land unannounced is a sign of war.\" Vlad tells him, \"And what are you going to do if you both find them?\" he asks the Siblings, \"We'll do what Princes and Princesses do best. Negotiate.\" Vlad tells him. \"Nicolae, Andrei, with us.\" Serena tells them, then tosses the helmet to Dimitru and walks off with her brother and the two. \"Fall in.\" Petru tells the other, Dimitru turns the helmet over and found claw marks in the metal and was now worry for his friends. The four rode out to the Valley were Broke Tooth Mountain laies, a quiet place where no man dares to enter. They climb up to the mountain; Vlad and Serena look out to the valley as the two stood in front of a cave entrance, \"Anything?\" Andrei asks Nicolae, he pierces into the cave saw nothing but darkness, then a gentle breeze pushes out, Nicolae staggers back a bit as he coughs. \"Smells like your feet.\" he tells him. They both chuckled and a swarm of bats fly out, Starting Nicolae and Andrei, the sibling just watches them leave the cave. Serena walks over to the cave, and draws out her blades, \"They're inside.\" Vlad states, Standing next to Serena. \"How do you know?\" Andrei asks him, \"Bats don't come out during the day, something's disturb them.\" Serena states, Vlad draws his sword and Serena heads in front, \"Come on.\" Vlad tells them and they head in, after her. Andrei lights a touch and saw that all kinds of armor and weapons were left in the cave to rot and rust. Vlad kneels down closer to the floor, taking a handful of the dirt. Serena kneels down beside him. \"What is it, my lord?\" Nicolae asks him. \"The floor. It's crushed bone.\" Vlad states, Serena looks at him, \"The Turks didn't do this.\" he states. \"What's that?\" Andrei asks them, looking at a pair of two red dot, staring at him. Then was drag into the darkness. The siblings shot up to their feet. As Andrei scream, \"We leave now.\" Vlad tells them, and they took off running. Then Nicolae was pulled into the darkness, screaming for mercy, Serena gulps as Vlad stood in the light, she slashes at the creature, but it pushes her to the ground, close to the Entrance \"Serena!\" Vlad shouts, she pulls herself to the sunlight as the creature charges for her. She laid in the sunlight, pointing her blade at it. It roars at her, but stops. Seeing that she laid in the sunlight and disappears back into the shadows. Vlad pulls her to her feet and the look at her blade, seeing the blood of the creature dissolve into thin air. She looks at Vlad and they took off down the mountain, mounted the horses and took off for the they arrive at Castle Dracula, they headed to the one person, that they know, who will keep a secret. \"The creature that you've encountered was no accident, my Lord and Lady.\" Lucian inform them, as they walk into the church. \"Four nights ago, every brother in our order awoke from an identical dream. I would not thought it possible had I not suffered the same vision myself that night.\" Lucian went on. The sibling look at him, \"Of a creature laying siege to this holy place.\" he states, taking out a book and showing them a picture of a inhuman creature, other picture concealed inhuman fangs and claws. \"The Roman mystics prophesied the coming of a great evil. A vampire. From the Greek word pi, to drink.\" Vlad looks at him as Serene kept her eyes on the pictures. \"The beast was once a mortal man who summon a demon from the depths of hell to trade for his dark powers.\" Lucien tells them the tale, \"The demon trick the man, granting his wish, but his price was an eternity condemned to the darkness of that cave, where he remains until he finds another to set him free.\" Lucien finishes the tale. \"Now you know it's true face\" he states, \"The people of Transylvania live in enough fear of the Turks' return.\" Serena spoke up, then looks at Lucian. \"Promise us you'll guard this secret with your life, brother.\" Vlad asks of him. He nods at them and the siblings left the church. Not only is the Turks' return bad enough, but a old vampire lives in the mountain, a legendary creature[Chapter 3] Vlad and Serena walk into Ingeras's room as he and his mother were playing, \"Papa! Auntie!\" he calls out, runs up to them and jumps on to his father. \"I've missed you.\" he said with a smile, \"And I, you.\" Vlad, hugging his son. Mirena smiles at them. \"My big soldier.\" Vlad smiles, setting him down, Ingeras hug Serena, who also hug him, then she was pulled to his bed. He was tuck in and Serena sat over the covers and hug her beloved nephew. \"What an embrace? But no kiss?\" Mirena asks of him, \"Are we going to argue?\" Vlad asks her. \"With you always leaving, I need my fill.\" she whispers to him, Vlad cups her cheeks and gave her a compassionate kiss. \"I've missed you.\" Vlad whispers to her. Then she notices the troubled look on his face. \"Something troubles you. What is it?\" she asks him. He just looks at her, \"Only the impossible depths of your beauty.\" he tells her, she just giggles at him, \"Puts the rest of the world to shame.\" he tells her, she then turns around to her son. \"Pay no attention to your father, Ingeras. Flattery is a cheap distraction from truth.\" she said. \"She knows all my tricks.\" Vlad whispers, Serena giggles. \"You're a terrible liar. It's one of your most endearing qualities.\" she tells him. He smiles at her, \"You're just in time for bed.\" she tells him and walks off to Ingeras and gave his a perk on the cheek. Vlad then plops down beside him, Ingeras rolls over and hugs his father. Serena gave a fake pout, \"Can we go riding tomorrow, Papa?\" Ingeras asks him., \"Of course we can.\" Vlad tells him. \"You most certainly cannot.\" Mirena tells him, \"Why not?\" Vlad asks her, \"Because tomorrow is the day of our risen Lord and Lady.\" Marie informs them. \"Oh, of course.\" Vlad states, \"That's Easter.\" she adds and walks out. \"What was I thinking?\" he whispers to Ingeras. They all giggles. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ Serena walks into her room, strips out of her belt, shoes and red velvet vest. As she ready her bath, \"My Lady.\" Dimitru walks into her room, Serena looks at him. \"Hello Dimitru.\" she smiles, \"Any idea what killed Andrei and Nicolae?\" he asks her as she was brushing her hair. Her hands slows, \"Wolves, maybe?\" he asks. \"I suppose.\" she answers, then removing her white puffy shirt and her tight brown pants, Dimitru turns away as she strips from her lower undergarment and slowly sat in the tub. Dimitru looks over at her, \"All I know is we lost two good men today.\" she states, he saw her scares on her back and arms, from when she was a child, fighting for the Turks. He then walks over to her and kneels down beside her. \"There something more.\" he states. \"Vlad and I were the same age as Ingeras when we were sent to live with the Turks. To fight for them.\" she starts, Dimitru strokes her cheek and she gently grips his hand for comfort. \"If I never saw another, it would be too soon.\" she states, he looks at her, taking his hand from her, making her look at him. \"You're home now. For almost as many years as you were gone.\" he tells her. \"All I want is peace, that's all.\" she tells him. He smiles at her and pulls her into his arms, giving her comfort. She smiles and welcomes the comfort. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ Later the next day, the royal dining room was in feast, Mirena, Vlad, and Serena walk into the room, Marie and Vlad were holding hands as Serena was wearing a royal red and golden dress, golden earrings, sliver necklace and a small golden Tiara on her head to decorate her long curly black hair, she stood next to Vlad, watching everyone enjoy themselves. Then Dimitru stood up, \"My fellow Transylvanians, an Easter toast. Ten years of peace and prosperity since our Prince and Princess came back to us.\" he states, eyeing Serena, she looks away with a smile gracing her lips, then back at him. \"My old friends, here's to 20 more.\" he raise his cup to them, Serena smiles as Vlad raises his cup to his people as they raise their to them. Then Serena, Vlad, and Mirena all sat at the royal table, the married couple talk with each other as Serena smiles at Dimitru. He winks at her as he drank from his cup, she giggles. Looking away. \"You two are in love.\" Mirena picks on her, Serena looks at her as Vlad just smiles at his sister. \"I don't know, Maybe I am in love with him.\" Serena states. \"Maybe, Serena, you are in love with him.\" Vlad tells her, she looks at him with a smile. \"Will what if he does not love me back?\" she asks him, \"He does, more then he might care to admit.\" Mirena states, Serena sighs and looks back at Dimitru, who smiles at her. She giggles then her smiles falls when the doors open. Turks soldiers walk into the room, Serena shot a look at Dimitru who shared her cautiousness. The whole room went silent, but only covered in whispers as Turk leader walks up to the table, Vlad stood up as Serena's hand dance light over her utensils. \"Hamza Bey. Welcome. We were not excepting you so soon.\" Vlad greets him in a clam tone. \"Sultan Mehmed II offers his salutations to you both and your son.\" he states. \"Thank him. I have his tribute ready.\" Vlad states, siting down. A chest was place down on the ground and open, 20,000 sliver. \"Hmm. I' afraid there something more than a tribute to discuss.\" Hamza tells them, taking a step forward. \"The Turks have no enemies here.\" Serena tells him, \"Did you think we would not notice a battalion of our scouts missing?\" he asks her, \"We did not kill them.\" she assure him. \" It still lives inside you, Lord Impaler, Lady Ripper. \" Hamza spoke in Turkish, making Serena stiffen at the word, Ripper. \" Locked in a dark cage, hidden away. Both you, Vlad and I... we know it's there. \" he states. He smirks, knowing he hit a nerve. \"The Sultan's Tribute. Take and leave.\" Serena warns him, he continues to smirk as he turns and starts to walk away. \"Ah! There is one last thing. The sultan require 1,000 boys to join his Janissary Corps.\" he states, the room went into a uproar. Marie gasp, looking at her husband, who looks at him in shock as Serena stood up abruptly, \"Janissary? He ended that practice years ago.\" Serena states in horror. \"When a soldier his plucked as a child and raise to know on other life, they will kill without question and die without complaint.\" he smiles at her as she glares at him. Then turns to the others, \"Any who are 15 years of age or older will fight in Hungary. Those 10 to 14 will be made ready for the siege on Vienna.\" he tells them. Serena looks over and saw that one of the Turks eyeing a young boy. \"The sultan expects your obedience. After all, did not your own father give you both up without a fight?\" he asks them. Serena grips her knife walks out from the table and over to the boy as the Turk grips his face. \" Soft, but they'll do. \" he states, then the boy's father grips his arm, jerking the hand away from the boy's face. The Turk smiles at him, pulls his hand off of his arm, pins it to the table, pulling out his blade, but Serena grips his arm and throws him up against the walk, her hand pins his arm and her knife press against his throat. \" Do you know who I am? \" she asks him, \" You mean who you were. \" he tells her, Vlad stood from his seat. Serena then throws him away from the boy and his father, glaring at him. \" You have no army and no choice, prince. Princess. \" Hamza tells her, as she slowly turn around. Vlad stood right next to her, \" Follow our command, or the consequences. \" he warns her and orders his mean to follow him. Vlad and Serena walk to the center of the room as Cazan who somewhat raise them walks up to them. \"It must be done.\" he tells them, Serena look at him. \"Courage, anger, even love. None of this can matter to a Prince or Princess. All that matters is their duty to their people.\" he tells him, Serena shook her head and dis-belief. Then she ran to Mirena and Ingeras and pulls her nephew into her protective arms as her brother looks over at them, a stern look married her milky white features, knowing that she will die fighting then hand over her people. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ Vlad and Serena sat in Ingeras's bed, Vlad held his head in his hands. \"What does it mean to be a royal hostage?\" Ingeras asks his father, Vlad looks at him. \"My father gave me and your Aunt to the sultan to prove his loyalty.\" Vlad answers him. \"Were you scared there? With them?\" he ask, Serena smiles at him, \"We wanted to make our father proud.\" Vlad tells him. \"Would you ever give me to the sultan?\" Ingeras asks them, Serena leans over, stroking his cheek. \"That was a long time ago. You have nothing to worry about. Do you understand?\" she asks him, he nods. \"Good.\" Vlad walks out of the room, but Serena remains behind. \"I'm going to keep you safe, no matter what.\" she whisper to him. \"I love you Auntie.\" Ingeras mumbles. She smiles at him, \"And I, you.\" she kisses his forehead, then left the room, following her brother. \"If we defy the order, they'll kill 100 for everyone I save.\" Vlad tells Mirena. \"You told me that you, Serena and Mehmed were once like a family. If you were to ask, is it possible he might show you mercy?\" she gave him her necklace, baring the cross of God. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~. Later the next morning, Vlad and Serena let a group of Transylvanian soldiers into the Turks' camp, the men there taunted them, but Serena just ignored them. \"You ever seen the like of it?\" Petru asks Dimitru. \"Soon the entire world will be Turk.\" he points out. They then dismounted and entered the big tent, Vlad and Serena stood in front of the golden map. \"Lord Impaler, Lady Ripper, my oldest of friends.\" Mehmed greet them looking up from the map to them. Then the three sat down at the table, \"I miss our days together.\" Mehmed tells him, \"All we miss from our time with you, was the coffee.\" Vlad tells him. \"It's true, my father's palace was a cruel place for a young boy and girl far from home. But soon you talk it us, prayed like us, fought like us.\" he tells them, Serena shift in her seat. \"Speaking of which, I'm owned 1,000 boys.\" he tells them. The Transylvanians stiffen, \"Why have I not seen them?\" he asks the siblings. \"Mehmed, my brother, I will grant you anything else.\" Vlad tells him, \"I need soldiers, brother.\" Mehmed tells him, then stood up from his seat and walks back over to the map. Then Serena stood up, \"Then take me.\" she offers him. Dimitru looks at her in shock, as Vlad stood up as well. Mehmed just chuckles, as he was playing with a small boat, \"I'm worth 1,000 boys, and you know it.\" she tells him. \"Those kings would tremble if they knew.\" he states, place the boat back down. \"Then accept my offer.\" Serena stood out of her chair. \"When we were children, how I long to fight side by side with you and your brother.\" he walks over to her, \"But now I am sultan and what need have I for one soldier?\" he asks her, \"I will have my 1,000 boys and one more.\" he tells her, as his men pull out the paper for Vlad to sign. Serena stiffens her jaw, looking at him. \"Your son will be raise under my roof, just as you and Serena were raise under the roof of my father.\" Mehmed pulls out a knife and cuts his finger open. \"You may retain your throne, but General Ismail will remain to see that my orders is fulfilled.\" he tells them and press his finger to the paper in front of him, \" Please do not do this. \" Vlad asks of him. \" Mehmed, please do not take away my nephew. \" Serena begs of him. But it was too late, the bargain was struck. \"What is one son? If you are virile, you'll make plenty more.\" Mehmed states, walking away. Serena watches him leave, hatred was in her eyes for him then looks back at her brother, he just sat there, shock look in his eyes.[Chapter 4] Vlad stood in a huge field, his sister next to him as a carriage rode up to them, the carriage stops and Marie and Ingeras step out, Mirena pulls off her hood, walk over to them, a look of fear as she as the Turk soldiers riding up for the exchange, she then looks back Vlad. \"You promised me this will never happen.\" she shot at him, \"Mirena, listen.\" Vlad tried to her tell her. \"The day you ask for my hand, do you remember what I said?\" she asks him \"You said no.\" Vlad told her. \"I knew what happens to the sons of the queen. You said things will be different. You said if I loved you, I should trust you. I love you.\" Mirena tells him, \"Then trust me.\" Vlad asks of her as Dimitru stood next to Serena. \"It's this or we start a war.\" Cazan informs her. \"Mirena look at me.\" Serena grips her shoulders. \"You have to trust us on this, we know what we're doing.\" she tells her. Then Dimitru wraps his arms around Mirena's waist and pulls her along. Vlad looks at his sister, she nods at him and they started to walk to the Turk soldiers. Both removed their blades and dropping them to the ground. Then Ingeras ran up and held Serena's hand. They stop and look at him, \"I can do it.\" he tells them. \"You're proud of me, aren't you?\" he asks them. Serena smiles at him, \"I'm very proud of you.\" she tells him, then all three walk up to them. General Ismail smiles at the boy, \"You have chosen wisely. Yeah, I have to say. We're a little disappointed. Frankly, I excepted more resistance from you.\" he tells him, Serena looks back at Mirena, who started to tear up, then at Vlad who gave her an assuring nod. She turns to Ingeras, leans to his level and pulls him into her arm. \"Run to your mother.\" she whispers to him, \"What?\" he asks of her. \"Now!\" she lets him go and Ingeras ran back to Mirena, Vlad pulls out Ismail's sword and slices off his arms, he scream in agony. One of the soldiers ran up to Serena, but she quickly disarms him, slicing of his head in one motion. Then Vlad stuck the sword through a turks' throat, impaling him to the ground, Serena block the last two, kills them within a matter of seconds. The Turk exchange was dead, Serena's back was facing them, the sword drops from her hands as she pants; Hamza was right, the Ripper was still here and the dark cage she build around it was breaking free. She turns away and walks back to Mirena, Vlad next to her. \"Mehmed will punish all of Transylvania for what you two have done.\" Cazan tells them. \"It's not a child's place to save his country.\" Vlad told Mirena, who was relief. \"Get my family to the castle.\" Vlad orders Dimitru, and the siblings turn away to the Arabic horses. \"Mehmed will be sending others soon enough. War will come.\" he tells the two as the look at the mountain. \"You can't protect us.\" Cazan tells them, \"We'll find a way.\" Vlad tells him and they both mounted up on two horses. \"Vlad! Serena! Where are you going?\" he asks them. \"Whatever haunts Broken tooth, I know it kills Turks.\" Vlad tells him. \"HA!\" Serena tells her horse and they took off running to Broken Tooth Mountain. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ Serena and Vlad climb up the mountain and found the entrance of the cave, Vlad light a torch and they both entered, blades drawn. They look at the bones of those who came before, and who weren't fast enough to escape. They walk deeper into the cave, and found a huge room, as they slowly walk to the middle. \"You've returned.\" a voice calls out from the shadows. Vlad and Serena quickly turns around, seeing nothing. \"No one has ever returned before.\" the voice said again. The sibling turn around again, stumbling in the dark cave, Serena looks down at the ground. \"Seem no one has ever had the privilege of leaving, ether.\" she mumbles. Then a sudden whoosh of air and the light was out, \"Neither will you.\" the voice tells them. Vlad toss the burns out torch, and they stood back to back. They kept twisting and turning, lashing out to the thin air, but then something stood behind them, Vlad and Serena turn; it was the legendary vampire that sold his mortality for dark power. \"The two shot back and Vlad points his sword at him. But the vampire pushes the tip out of his face and ran his long fingernail along the blade, making clicking sounds. Then he reaches the hilt and with one flick of his finger, the sword flew out of his hand and was lost on the ground. Serena looks at that action and shock, making her drop her blades as well. The vampire sniffs the both of them, making them stand still. \"Those who enter reek of fear. In you, I sense hope.\" he tells them and circles them. \"Your silver offense me. Clock it out of my sight.\" he tells Vlad. Serena looks at his wedding ring and Vlad hides it behind his cape. \"What kind of people crawls into their own grave in search of hope? hmm?\" the vampire asks them. \"Desperate ones.\" Vlad tells him. The vampire moves away, circling them. \"The Turks threaten to destroy our kingdom. With power like yours, we could stop them.\" Serena tells him, \"Save our people, save my family.\" Vlad tells him \"How supremely noble of you, Lord Impaler, Lady Ripper. House Dracul, House Medusa. Children of the devil.\" the vampire list off their titles. \"You's mistaken, Dracul mean, 'Son of the Dragon. Protector of the innocent'\" Vlad corrects him. \"Do your people know how many innocents you have killed? Was it hundreds?\" he ask them. \"Yes.\" Vlad answers as Serena said nothing, then they were pinned up against the wall, once on of the vampire's hand on their throats. \"Lie to me again and I'll open from your belly to your brains and feed you your intestines.\" he threatens Vlad. \"Thousands.\" Vlad answers him, \"and when you put them to the stake, what did you feel?\" he asks Vlad. \"Shame? Horror? Power?\" he list off, Vlad said nothing. \"Answer me!\" he yells. \"Nothing! I felt nothing! A greater crime then the act itself.\" Vlad answers. Then the vampire looks at Serena. \"And what of you, Lady Ripper? How many innocents fell to your blade?\" he asks her. \"Millions.\" she answers, \"And when they were at your feet, your blades covered in their blood what did you feel? Ashamed? Horrified? Overjoyed?\" he asks her. She looks at him, \"Nothing, I felt nothing when I ended their lives.\" she tells him as a tears slides down her cheek. \"And I prayed to God, to forgive me for the monstrous act I preformed under the Turks.\" she tells him. \"When you spill blood if not for the pleasure of it?\" he ask them both. \"Because men to not fear swords.\" Vlad tells him. \"They fear monster. They run from them.\" Serena answers. The vampire looks at her, \"By slaughtering one village, I spared ten more.\" she states. Vlad looks over at her, \"Sometimes the world no longer needs a hero. Sometimes what it needs is a monster.\" she said. \"And you both believe you know what it is to be a monster? Hmm?\" he asks them. Griping Serena neck even tighter, then drag his claw along her neck, cutting it open. He looks at the blood that was sitting on the cut. Then opens his jaw, widely and his long dead slithers out and licks the blood from her neck and was tasting her sweet flavored blood. She hold back a whimper as the tongue retreats back into his mouth and he releases his grip on their neck. \"You have no idea. But I'm going to show you.\" he then moves away from them. She lets out a breath as Vlad just calms himself down. \"For centuries, these moldering walls have been my gallows. And I'm bound to this cave condemned by the one who turned me.\" he tells them, Serena and Vlad walk up to him, \"Oh, and I waited an eternity for people of your strength, your gifts, your will. People worthy of the dark and all it's powers.\" he picks up two sculls, smashing them, turning them into bowls. \"For if I am to be your salvation, you are mine.\" he then bites his wrist and spilling his blood into the scull bowls. Vlad looks at him. \"Drink. You will have a taste of my power. The strength of 100 men. The speed of a falling star. Dominion over the night and all it's creatures. To see and hear through their senses. Even heal grievous wounds.\" he tells them, Serena slowly walks over to the bowls and picks one up, cupping it in her hands. \"At what price?\" Vlad asks him, she looks at the vampire as well. \"Once you both drink, your thrust for human blood will be insatiable.\" he tells them and walks over to Serena, \"But if you both can resist for three days, you will return to your mortal state having sampled my power, and perhaps save your people.\" he tells them. \"And if one of use feed?\" Serena asks him. \"The price would be worse than if you'd never stepped in here. For I will be set free having granted having granted the darkness a worthy offering.\" he tells them, as Vlad walks behind the scull bowl. \"You will become it's vessel as I am. A scornge on this earth destined to destroy everything you hold dear. Your lands, your people, , even your precious wife and son.\" he states, Serena just glares at him. \"Serena and I would die before we harmed them.\" Vlad shot at him, \"Indeed you will, I'm afraid. I, however, will be set free. To unleash my wrath against the one who betrayed me.\" he tells them, Vlad looks away for a moment. \"And one day, I will call upon the both of you to serve me, my pawns, in an immortal game of vengeance.\" he states. \"This is not a game!\" Vlad shot back at him. \"Ah, but what better way to endure entirety? For this, little prince and Princess, is an ultimate game.\" he gave the broken scull head full of blood to him. \"Light versus dark, hope versus despair. And all the world's fate hangs in the balance.\" he tells him. \"Then it will be our pleasure to disappointed you.\" Vlad took the scull from the vampire. \"Drink. Let the games begin.\" he states and the siblings drank all of his blood, every last drop. After the blood was down their throats, Vlad threw his away and grips the altar. Serena threw hers to the ground and clung to her brother. \"What happens now?\" she asks him, the vampire turns his back to them. \"Now, you die.\" he tell them and disappears into the shadows. The siblings look at him in shock. Vlad tries to help his sister to walk out of the cave, but they both collapse to the ground. Serena uses her hands and knees to steady her, Vlad rolls on his back, Serena crawls over to him, laying her upper half on top of him and grips his hand tightly. Vlad grips her hand in response as the darkness too them and they become the creatures of the night[Chapter 5] Images of death flashes through minds, friends, family, loved ones, the people, the ones that were their responsibility to protect were dying around them. Then Vlad jumps away, find himself in the river, he looks over and saw Serena laying against a rock. Starting to wake up as well. Both missing their capes. She groans, pressing the heel of her palm to her forehead. \"Serena, are you well?\" Vlad asks her, she nods. \"Yeah, I'm okay.\" she tells him. Then she looks over at Vlad and shields her eyes, \"Vlad... your ring.\" she tells him. Vlad looks at him ring and saw that it was burning his finger, he quickly pulls it off and throws it into the water. Vlad went to stand up, but the rock under his hand was crushed and Vlad tumbles back into the water, Serena pulls herself to her feet walks over to Vlad. Then she fell to her hands and knees beside him, both soaking wet from being wash down stream, Vlad looks at him hand and saw the wound heal within a matter of seconds. \"That's useful.\" he mumbles and helps Serena to her feet. Both pull their blades' belts around their waist and look around the area. Then a heavy clicking, Serena looks over and saw a spider, from half a mile away, wrapping it's pray in it's webbing. Serena smiles a little and then they heard birds, they both turn around. Vlad squats down as Serena remain standing, their pupils glowed red as they could see and hear the sound of a heard heartbeat from the animals; wolves, birds, deer, elk. Vlad smirks a little, then Serena pats shoulder, Vlad stood up, he saw her looking up. He follows her gaze ans they could see the world of stars as a shooting one, flew over them. \"Wow.\" Serena said with wonder. Then they both look down and saw the wedding ring of Vlad's, Serena squats down, Vlad along with her. She reaches into the water, grabbing the ring, her skin burns at contact, she hiss and quickly places the ring on the rock, Vlad broke off a string coll from his hard leather vest and mad a necklace out of it to hold his ring to him. Then there was thunder in the distance, the royal siblings turn around and saw flashes of red; the Turk's were attacking their kingdom, and so the two took off running in the from the river. They ran into the woods, running at their top speed. Then when Serena wanted to move even faster, both her and Vlad burst into bats, they flew pass a mile and were reassembled into their bodies. Vlad looks at his hand then at his sister. A smiles grazes her lips, then they ran again and burst into bats, flying to castle Dracula, to save their people from the invasion of the Turks' ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ Vlad pushes the doors open and saw the people were terrified without their prince and princess. Vlad ran up to Mirena and Serena walks onto Dimitru arms, he hugs her tight. \"You came back.\" he whispers to her, she smiles, pulling out, \"I'll always come back.\" she tells him. \"Where did you go?\" he asks her, cupping her face. \"Searching for the strength I needed, to protect my people.\" she tells him, \"Auntie!\" Ingeras ran up to her and she pulls him in her arms. \"It's alright, we're here.\" he tells him, then sets him down and walks up the stairs next to her brother and looks at the people. \"They wanted our sons! A good prince and Princess would of given them up! A good Prince and Princess would of paid that price with peace. But we give you our word, we will not be defeated!\" Vlad shouts our to them. \"They brought war to our lands. And they will pay dearly for it.\" Serena tells them they cheered as Dimitru looks at her. ~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~ The Siblings walk out of the broken gate side by side, looking at the Turks' soldiers. Both wearing casual clothing, \"Are you ready, sister?\" Vlad asks her. \"I am always ready.\" she tells him, \"Remember, no drinking the blood.\" he tells her, she nods at him. Both of their pupils glowed red, they both started at a walk, the Turks' charges at them, then they started to run at them. Serena burst into bats at first contact, took out her blades and slaughter everyone who stood in her path; she kill without remorse, without mercy for the Turks, she would burst into bats, take a Turk or three, bring them up high in the air, letting them fall and stabbing them to the ground. She then lets that one go and starts to tear the men about, ripping them to shreds. She hiss and growls at them men that surround her, the stagger a bit. She slowly stood on straightens out and dis-bursts into bats, going around them and pulling them apart. As she held the head of the last man as they both were surrounded by thousands and thousands of dead men, she toss the head aside and Vlad looks at her, both of their facial wounds healed, Vlad throws down his weapons and walks back to the castle, Serena along with him. Dimitru, Petru and the other soldiers ran out, to help them. But they saw all of the Turks' slaughter, Vlad and Serena walk up to them. \"Negotiations failed. Do not asks us what happened on this field tonight. Trust only that we will use all we can to keep all of us safe. But we will not be safe if we stay here.\" Vlad tells them. ~8~8~8~8~ \"We must leave directly for Cozia Monastery. It's high in the mountains, too remote for cannon fire. It's our best chance of survival. We'll take enough of our people so that our absence is notice. That way when Mehmed learns what happened here, He come hunting for us.\" Vlad tells them leading their people through the forest, Serena at his side as Ingeras was being piggyback on her back. \"Word from castle Dracula, Vlad and Serena have defeated 1,000 of our men.\" a soldier informs Mehmed, \"Then send 100,000. I will lead them, and once I march into Europe, I will have their heads on my spear and Vlad's child at my side.\" he throws out. ~8~8~8~8~ Later on the mountain top, Vlad, Serena, Petru, and Dimitru sat on their horses and over look Mehmed's army. \"We can fight the way our great-grandfathers fought. Use the forest, the mountains around the Borgo Pass. Four or Five months of that.\" Dimitru tells Vlad, \"No not months, We're gonna to win this war in three days.\" Vlad states. \"Why not two? That'll really impress us.\" Dimitru jokes, Serena looks at him with a smiles. Later on, Vlad sat next to the campfire with the men as Serena sat far away, keeping watch for any Scouts at should find them, she looks over she shoulder a bit, hearing all their heart-beats, she swallow a lump in her throat at her thrust demands satisfaction. She ran her hand over her hair and took a deep breathes, trying to focus something that wasn't blood. She closes her eyes and listens to the animals going about the forest, she heard their paws, or hooves hitting against the ground. She let herself be lost in the sound feet hitting the ground, she then felt a a hand on her shoulder, she opens her eyes and saw Vlad looking tat her with pale eyes. \"Vlad?\" she asks him, \"Walk with me.\" he tells her, she stood up and help Vlad walk. \"Vlad, just breath.\" she tells him as they were a good distance away from the camp. He pants, Serena stood in front of him, pushing away the sweat wet hair. \"Breath.\" she tells him. He took slow breathes and she press her forehead against his. They then hear a a heartbeat in the shadows. They both open their eyes and looks over to the tree. \"Don't think I haven't notice you following us.\" Vlad calls out. Shkelgim came out of hiding, \"You're mistaken. I follow them.\" he points at the bats that threw above them. \"They recognize one of their own. The night is their kingdom.\" he states as Serena looks up at them bats. \"Blood, their sustenance.\" he states, making the two look at him. \"And some may say, have lived as long as there have been prey to devour.\" he states, \"Spare us your ravings.\" Vlad growls at him. Then Shkelgim pulls out his knife, they say the two who escape the mountain, hides behind the face of a man and woman.\" he points his knife at them. \"Well, if that man and woman are us, you know a knife will not do you any good.\" Serena tells him. \"Of course not.\" he flips his knife tightly, cutting his skin. The two stiffen. \"Why do you think I stayed?\" he asks them, filling a cup with his blood and walks to them, Serena grips her brothers jacket tightly. \"I know there is only so far on this Earth we can run, and it is not far enough.\" he offers them the goblet of blood. \"Let me serve you.\" he offers, the two look at the goblet of blood, hearing it whisper to them. But Vlad then knock goblet from his hands, Serena collapse to the ground, panting heavily, resisting the urge to drink the blood. Vlad then grips Shkelgim but his shirt and shove him against the tree. \"Stay away from me and my sister.\" Vlad warns him the pulls away from him. \"Yes, master.\" he mumbles and disappears. Vlad turns and saw he was gone. He then looks at the blood, Serena turns her gaze to blood as well. She slowly crawls to the blood puddle and Vlad falls to his knees, both looking down at the blood, Serena wraps her arms around Vlad's neck, looking away from the blood. Vlad grips onto her shoulders, both hearing the laughter from the blood, taunting them. ~8~8~8~ The next morning, Mehmed marches his men to castle Dracula and they stop in front the castle. \"We found him in the field. He ask her you\" Omer informs him. Mehmed dismounted off his horse and walks over to Islam. \"A message from Prince Vlad and Princess Serena. They hope you enjoy the view.\" he tells him, Mehmed looks and saw impaled corpses and others torn to sheds ones. Lord Impaler and the Lady Ripper were now back and ready to protect their people. Mehmed was not please, not at all.[Chapter 6] Mirena laid in her bed, sighing. But then heard quivering breathing coming from Vlad and Serena, where they laid on the floor. She got up from her bed, pushing the covers off her and walks over to them, she then kneels down beside Vlad then pulls off the covers from him, seeing their once scared back was healed, she looks over at Serena, pulling the covers off as well, seeing the same result, then ran her hand along Serena's cold back, feeling her shiver under her touch. She then scoots over to Vlad, turning him over, seeing his wedding ring around his neck, it burn into his flesh, she took a hold of it, shock and she pulls it from his neck, the two shot their eyes open. \"Mirena!\" Vlad exclaims as they both sat up, she jumps back. \"You're scares are gone.\" she states, Serena pants, the crawls back along with her brother as they stay away her. Both covered in cold sweat. Their hair wetten with their sweat. \"What's happening to you?\" she asks them. \"We're the thing men fear on Broken tooth. Not a ghost. Something else.\" Serena mumbles. She then pulls out her knife and cuts open a part of the tent, setting the sun, touch her, Mirena in shock as the sun burn Serena skin and she fought not to scream. \"No! Stop it!\" she states. Pulling Serena and Vlad away from the sunlight. They both left onto the ground. Serena's skin started to heal. \"May God strike down whoever did this to you.\" she snaps. \"We chose this.\" Serena informs her, as Vlad tires to sit up. \"This is the strength you sought?\" she asks them, Vlad helps Serena up. \"But why?\" she asks them. They look at her. \"Because we sent corpses back to Mehmed instead of our son.\" Vlad answers her, she was taken back. \"You did this for us?\" she asks them, \"In two days, we'll be restored. We just have to resist.\" he tells her. \"Resist what? Resist what Vlad, tell me.\" she asks of the two. \"The thrust... for human blood.\" Serena answers her. She then turns away, \"And if you were to give in?\" she asks. \"Then we will become this for eternity.\" Vlad answers. She gasps in horror. \"You will undo this, won't you?\" she asks the two. \"Yes, I swear it. We will not give in.\" he promise her, \"Then god will forgive you both.\" she whispers, Serena pants feeling relief. \"Vlad. Mehmed is getting closer, we might what to move out soon.\" Dimitru calls out, Vlad pants and looks at Mirena, \"We need you to get the monastery as quickly as you can, Mehmed's men will be close by.\" Vlad informs her, \"No...\" she protested, \"Listen to me. We will reach you after sundown, I promise you.\" swears to her, she sighs and place the ring back into this hand, it sizzles at the contact of his hand ans his grips his hand tightly. \"I love you.\" she whispers. And leaves the tent. Serena sighs, and lays back down. \"Rest Serena, we have a few hours until the sun goes down.\" he tells her, placing his hand on her arms, she just pants and lays on her side. Waiting for the night to come. ~8~8~8~ Serena was fully dress in her clothing and watches shadows as the people walk through the woods, nearing the monastery. She then looks and saw the Turks were waiting for them, she growls and saw then ambush the people she took a step off the branch, her body burst into bats and she tosses the Turks left to right. She looks over and Dimitru handing himself and look off after Mirena, she follows after him. Dimitru found Mirena and Ingeras, grabs the boy's hand and they all took off. \"Couldn't theses Monks build their gate a little bit closer?\" Dimitru questions, but then came to a stop as the reach a cliff. On the one side of the riff was the monastery. He then turns seeing the Turk assassin. \"Stay behind me.\" he tells them, they then started to fight, but then a herd of bats flew pass them. Pulling the assassin's attention away from Dimitru. He then steps back and protected the two. Then the bats the go behind a tree, and out step Selena. Glaring at the assassin, a growl erupts from her throat as she slowly step out of the shadows. The assassin smirks, seeing that she has no weapons on her her person. \" You were foolish to bring no weapons. \" he tells her, \" I don't need a weapon to defeat you. \" she reports. He glares at her and charges. Selena then dodges his attack grips his wrist and started to crush it. He groans, feeling her hand crush his wrist. He growls then stabs her into hip. She jerks a bit and lets go of his wrist and looks down at the blade, she grips the handle and slowly pulls out the blade. They all look at her and shock as the wound then closes. Then she grips the handle and it shatters in her grip. She then turns her gaze back to him, eyes flash red as the moon catches in her eyes. \"What are you?\" he stumbles back, Selena looks over her shoulder then back at him. Then steps back into the shadows. Then a burst of bats, appear. Taking a form, Vlad snarls in his face and makes the assassin step off of the cliff and fall. Vlad growls, seeing that the assassin was nowhere in sight. He then turns to Selena who steps out of the shadows, she looks at him and nods. He nods back at her and they both turn and look at Dimitru, who was stun at what he was seeing. Selena sat her eyes down, not brave enough to tell him. Then she heard Ingres whimpers, she looks over at him, walks over and pulls him into her arms. \"Shh... shh... it's okay, it's okay.\" she tells him. Dimitru just looks at her. \"Never leave us again, auntie.\" he mumbles, \"Never, I will always watch over you.\" she tells him, then sets him down, cradles his face. \"Go to your father.\" she whispers to him, he nods and ran to his father, Vlad picks him up and holds him tight. Mirena walks over to Vlad and he uses his other arm and wrap around her, pulling her close. Dimitru looks over at Selena, seeing that she was avoiding his eye-contact. ~8~8~8~ The surviving people ran through the gate, Vlad and Selena walk through the doors that were open to them, \"You should of never of stray from us, whatever your reason for leaving were...\" Cazan starts to lecture them. \"Quiet.\" Vlad orders him as the four stood in front him. \"Get these men off their knees.\" Vlad pulls the men off their knees, \"Stand up do you hear me, stand up! The Turks are coming! Prayers will not defend these walls!\" he tells them. Selena sighs and looks at the sky. Then retreated to the shadows. Dimitru follows after her. Selena walks into a church, walks along the isle, looks up at the cross of Jesus and sighs. Then took a sit, she then leans forward, webbing her hands together and press her forehead against her hands. \"Please God, I don't know if you can hear me, but please. Give me strength to fight off this beast inside of me. The strength to fight til the last day and I beg for forgiveness for committing this sin.\" Selena prays to God. Dimitru walks up behind her, \"Came to end the beast?\" Selena asks him, he just looks at her. \"No, just want to ask, what are you?\" he asks her, she pulls her away and scoots over and Dimitru sat next to her. \"It wasn't wolves that killed them.\" she answers. He looks at her. \"It was a vampire. And Vlad and I made a deal with him.\" she states then looks at her hand. \"We become monsters of the night to protect our people for three days. As long as we don't give in.\" she states, clutching her hand. \"Give into what?\" he asks her, she looks at him. \"The urge, the thrust for blood.\" she states. He looks at her. \"One more day and Vlad and I will be restored. And the Turks will be no more.\" she states. Dimitru looks at her and grips her hand. She looks at his hand that held her. \"You gave up everything to protect us, that is stupid of you and very brave.\" he states, she chuckles. \"Yeah, I know, but it the right thing.\" she tells him. Then the birds chirp outside, as the sun rose up, the sun touches her arm, it sizzles, making her hiss and pull her arm away from Dimitru. She grips her arm and moves away from the sun rays. \"Selena?\" he asks. \"This is one of my many weakness, the sun will burn me, if I stay out in it too long.\" she states, seeing her skin heal. She then moves around in the shadows. Dimitru stood up and walks over to her and held her hands, \"One more day and you can lay in the sun, like you use to.\" he states, she smiles at him and Dimitru pulls her into his arms, holding her tight. She smiles to herself and allows herself to be lost in his arms. But that moment was short lived as she hurt Vlad screaming in pain. She then moves out of Dimitru's arm and ran to the door. \"Selena!\" Dimitru follows after her. She opens the doors, and screams as she is caught in the sun, burning her skin, Dimitru wraps his arms around her and tuns them, blocking the sun from her. She skin slowly heals, \"Vlad, he's in trouble, they found out.\" she tells him. He looks at her and helps her walks through the sun. People were gathered around the armory, torches in hands and weapons shouting at Vlad that was trap inside. Dimitru help Selena into the shadows and ran over to help Mirena to stop the people. Vlad then screams feeling the pain, then the clouds roam over the sky blocking out the sun. Selena took the chance and walk out of the shadows and up to the burning building. Vlad step out burning building, his skin heals over, he then breaks off a broken peace of burnt wood. \"This is your loyalty? Your gratitude?\" he growls at them. Selena then walks up to him, placing her hand on his chest. \"Vlad clam down, this isn't you.\" she tells him, he looks down at her, growling. \"This is not you my brother. When we enter that cave, we did so with no concern of what with happen to us.\" he tells him, his growling soften. \"But what will happen to them and what will happen if the Turks win.\" she points at the frighten people. He looks at them, the wood drops from his hands, the Mirena walks over to them, and place her hand on his shoulder. He looks at her, \"This is not who you are.\" she tells him, Vlad looks at her, then at their son, who also was frighten of him, he growls a small amount. Then looks at the people, \"Return to to your stations, believe me, there is much more to fear!\" he states and walks off. \"Vlad, Vlad!\" Selena calls out running after him. Dimitru watches them leave. ~8~8~8~ The two sat in the church, both look up at Jesus, \"Lord, if you've not forsaken us, grant us your strength that we may resist the darkness. Allow us to endure this test one more day. I beg you. Please.\" Vlad pray to God. Then they both turn to see Ingeras standing at the end of the isle, he then slowly walks up to them. Then stood next to his father, \"Are you sick?\" he asks them. They both looks at him, \"If you're sick, I thought it might make you feel better.\" he handed him the napkin that was holding something. Vlad took it and unfolded the napkin, it reveal bread. Vlad smiles at his son as Selena leans forward as well. \"Thank you, come.\" Vlad pats the spot next to him, Ingeras sat down next to his father and broke the bread in half, sharing with Ingeras, he then broke his in half and gave some to Selena. She smiles at him and accepted the peace. They both watch him eat his bread, \"You'll make a great leader someday.\" Vlad tells him, making Ingeras look up at him. \"You think of others before yourself.\" he adds. \"When the Turks came to take me, you and Auntie stop them. It's why you both got sick, isn't it? To save me.\" he states, Selena just smiles at him, rubbing the side of his head. \"Yes. And I know Selena and I would do it all again.\" he tells Ingeras, then Ingeras hugs his father, sobbing softly, Selena leans up and hugs Ingeras from behind. Both wanted to protect their family and people, no matter the cost.[Chapter 7] Night fell and Selena stood on the balcony, overlooking the mountain path, Dimitru slowly walks up to her, she looks with her vampire eyes, seeing miles away. \"They're almost here.\" she tells him, he sighs and stood next to her. \"Dawn will be breaking soon. And with it, the loss of my powers. If we not won this war yet...\" she rubs her shoulders. Dimitru place his hands on her shoulders, covering her hands. \"I will fight beside you, until death.\" he whispers to her. Selena felt her head jump. \"Your death will end my fight.\" she tells him. He sighs, pressing his temple against hers. \"You have done the duty of any good aunt. Protected your brother's child. Protected all the children in the kingdom.\" he tells her, then slowly turns her around, locking eye contact with her. \"Perhaps my destiny was not to rule in this life.\" she states, then let her tears flow, \"I hid a secret from you, afraid of your answer, but now, I'm brave enough to tell you. For the longest time, I've Harbin feeling for you, I never told you, because I didn't want to ruin our friendship.\" she confesses to him, Dimitru gently smiles at her and caress her cheek, using his thumb to wipe away her tears. \"I feel the same, I too have feelings for you, just was afraid of you rejecting me.\" he tells her. \"Time is such a strange this. You may this you have all the time in the word, but when a life is so short, you then realize when you reach a certain point that you ask yourself a question: did I life my life to the fullest or do I regret it all?\" she tells him. \"If there is one thing I don't want to regret in this life, is this.\" Dimitru said and press his lips to hers in a full on, rough and passionate kiss. Selena was shock at first, but relaxes, griping his vest. He then pulls back and looks into her blue eyes. \"I will always love you, in this life and whatever life we live next.\" he tells her, she smiles at him and nuzzles her head against his chest, feeling his warm body against hers. His rough hand petting her long black hair and held her close to him. \"Why think separately of this life and the next...\" he states, \"When one is born from the last.\" she finishes, Dimitru held her tighter and they look along the mountain path. ~8~8~8~ Then on the wall, the men back out of the way, Selena and Vlad walk over to Cazan and they both look over the pathway, seeing Mehmed's army showing up. Selena glares at the army then a bat screeching reaches their ears. They both look over, seeing a bat fly pass them and head to one of the watch tower. Selena looks over at her other, he nods at her and held up there, finding bats, hundred of them. Then Vlad reaches his hand to one end as Selena raise her other to the other end, awaking the bats. Then thousands of bats flew to the monastery, Petru and Dimitru stay with Mirena and Ingeras, they all saw the bats circle around the monastery; Vlad and Selena raise their hands summoning more bats to them. They then look among the men, searching for Mehmed until they saw him, then they combined their power and made the bats fly out from the monastery and attack the army. Killing the Turks, they the twist their hands into the air, making the bats, pillar above them, the then clutch their fist into the air, and slam them to the ground, making the bats slam onto the ground and spread out among the Turks. Selena growls and saw Mehmed giving his orders to stay in formation. She looks over at Vlad, seeing he was mirroring her look as well, and so, she turns her looks back at the field and burst into bats, Vlad follows after her. They killed a few Turks along the way, left and right then land in the battle field, Selena knocks Mehmed off his horse and he hits the ground. Feeling their bodies assemble their bodies back. Vlad then turns to Mehmed, Selena follows after him, flicking out her claws. Vlad then turns him over and raise his claws at him, but they both look down at him; it wasn't Mehmed, it was not him at all. Selena growls at him and grips him by the armor, \"Where is he? Where's Mehmed?!\" she demands of the man that was frighten to death from the two. Selena glares at the man and snaps his neck, and they look around for Mehmed, seeing that the Turks circled around them, Selena then looks at the sky and saw that the sun was coming up, Vlad then makes eye contact with Mehmed. But then they heard a shout from a familiar person. \"Mirena.\" Vlad mumbles. Then Selena catches the scent of someone familiar to her as well. \"Dimitru.\" she mumbles and they shot out to the tower. The sun hits them, making then crash on the tower, Selena gasp as she see Dimitru clutching his side, leaning against a beam, as blood ooze through his fingers. Vlad looks over at Mirena that was hanging on for dear life, but the tile flooring gave out. \"Vlad!\" she shouts falling, Vlad jumps after her as Selena scrambles over to Dimitru pressing her hands to his wound; Vlad reaches out for his wife that fell from the tower, but then the both crash down on the ground floor. The Turks turn away, victories in capturing Vlad's son. Selena pulled away his wound, seeing his blood on her hand, but Dimitru looks at her and grips her hand tightly. She looks at him, tears stream down her face. \"It's alright.\" he tells her, webbing their fingers together. She shook her head, feeling her tears well up even more. He then looks up at the sun, \"There's still time for you to stop them.\" he tell her, she pulls her hand from his and cradles the side of his face, \"How my power will soon be gone.\" she tells him. He the uses his bloody hand and pops open is collar exposing his neck, she looks at him and shock. \"Drink from me.\" he tells her, she shook her head. \"I can not, I won't take you life.\" she tells him, taking her hand back, but he grips her wrist tightly. \"My life is already lost, but Ingeras, Vlad's son, your nephew. He still has a chance.\" he tells her, Selena chokes a little. \"Dimitru…\" she whimpers. He then pulls his hand out from his loose collar and cradles her cheek. \"It's alright.\" he tell her. \"Do it now!\" he shouts, she looks down at his expose next. \"Please.\" he begs her. She listen to his heartbeat. His blood called to her, then the voices whispered in her head, she then tilt her head back, fangs pop out and she snaps her head down, sinking her fangs into his neck. He groans and grips her hair, feeling his blood being drain from him, his other hand grips her arm. \"Selena!\" he calls out, she grips his jacket tightly, he then went limp in her arms, feeling his hand loosen in her hair and went limp. She then pulled away. Breathing heavily, the sun was blacken out by the clouds, Selena started to tear up again, pulling Dimitru into her arms. She looks down at him, moving her shaky hand over his eyes and closes over his eyes and cradles his cheek. Then she pulls him into her arms and cradles him, her whole body rack with sobs and heartbreak. Then she raise her head and screams, it sounds along the mountains. Once a monster, forever damn as a Monster.[Chapter 8] Chapter 7: The Safety of the People Selena walks along the grounds, seeing the people that were slaughter by the Turks, but only a few survive. She then walks over to Cazan who was panting, kneeling down beside him. \"Do you want vengeance?\" she asks him, he looks at her and nods, she then bites her wrist and feed him his blood, he drank her blood and she pulls her arm back, Vlad places his hand on her shoulder and she looks up at him and they look out at the survivors, all wanting revenge. She looks back down at him and, he looks up at her and nods his head. She got his message and then bites her wrist. After feeding the survivors all their blood they walk down to the lower rooms and open a lock door, revealing their armor, \"I swore I would never wear this accursed armor ever again, but now, I will wear it once more.\" Selena said and Vlad nods at her. ~8~8~8~ Mehmed stood outside his tent looking at the horizon, \"Of all my lands, this is the one I love the least.\" he states, then an older Turk general walks out looking more deeper. \"Look, to the east.\" he said as he saw a storm cloud, \"The Sun should be risen by now, should it not?\" he asks him, then everyone stood to their feet and look over at the storm that was heading right for them. Thunder strikes down and echos around the valley, \"What is that?\" the general asks him as Mehmed steps out and saw two figures walk out, Vlad wearing his dragon armor and Selena wearing her black two peace assassin attire. \"It is the Prince and Princess. They are coming.\" he informs them as the two stop and started to growl, baring their fangs with anger. The men started to run for it as the vampires attack and feed from them, killing them merciless, Mehmed nods at his men and they ran to join the fight. Then as the rest of the men ran for their weapons, they were no match against the vampires. The two walk along the death and Selena looks over seeing the assassin, the one that killed Dimitru, but she walk along with her brother, waiting for him to come to her, the assassin smirks to himself as he saw her, but as a man pass them, they two were gone and he heard growling, he turns and saw Selena was right in front of him, he swung at her, but she dodges his daggers, she then blocks another and stabs his with his own weapon, pinned up against the pole, \"That is for Dimitru.\" she growls at him, then moves back and walks off as Vlad waited for her, the assassin tries to remove the blade from him, but looks up, seeing a vampire standing in front of him. He growls at him slowly showing his fangs at him, the assassin's eyes went wide as he saw that the vampire was very hungry. The two them make it to Mehmed's tent and walks up and inside. They then look over saw that Mehmed was prepared for them, he drew a silver sword as he armor was golden and he was standing in silver as well, their vision aches a little as it shine bright around Mehmed. They both exhaled and slowly walk into the silver spot, their shoes sizzled with each step, \"I understand you have a weakness for silver.\" he informs and cuts open a bag and silver pours out of the ground, Mehmed catches a few coins and tosses the coins to them. The two catch them and flinches a little as their hand sizzled from the coin, but they refused to shove any pain. \"Papa! Auntie!\" Ingeras calls out, the two look over at him, then Mehmed points his sword at him, \"He's waiting for you.\" he informs them, they both look at him, dropping the coins and they started to circle each other. Vlad pulls out his sword as Selena pulls out her blade, they eyed the coins and they charge at him, but Mehmed dodges and blocks their attacks. \"You are slow, brother, sister. And weaker.\" he tells them, then headbutts Vlad, slice at Selena's arm and sent both of them to the ground. But they recovered and Selena's arm healed as they block Mehmed's attack, but then again he sent them back onto the ground. They collide with the coins and their skin started to sizzle from contact. They then push themselves back up but Selena fell back down onto the coins, \"Aww…\" Mehmed mocks them as Vlad helps his sister back up. Then they grip a hold of their weapons. \"Go on, take it.\" he informs them, and the pull themselves back onto their feet, \"Is this the monsters that terrified my men? Hmm?\" Mehmed questions them, as they quickly retreated back to the shadows. \"You grow more weary by the moment. Tell me, how long can you bear it in here? Huh?\" he continues to mock them, Selena pants as he looks over at Ingeras. \"Long enough to make sure you are never remember, that you will die in the shadows.\" Selena answers him. They they both charge at him. They fought and block each others attack, but Mehmed cuts the coin bags and the two grew even weaker. They scream in agonizing pain from the touch of the silver coins. Then Mehmed right hooks Selena sending her to the ground and she became too weak to even move. He then force Vlad back and punches him in the face and then kicks him, sending him onto the ground. \"Papa! Auntie!\" Ingeras calls out to them as he tugs at his restrains. Then Mehmed walks over to Vlad, \"Take a last look at your father and his sister, Ingeras.\" Mehmed states, \"No!\" the young boy protested. \"Look how pathetic they are.\" Mehmed states as Vlad looks over at his son, Selena looks over at them as she was laying flat on her belly. \"No stop! Please!\" Ingeras begs him. Selena's vision focus in and out as she watch Mehmed break off a peace of wood. \"If I put a stake through your heart, it will kill you.\" he states as he tosses the wood away and broke off a sharper peace, Ingeras tugs at his restrains and looks over at his father. Selena tries to pull herself back onto her feet, but fail as she saw Mehmed staying over him. \"Like any other man.\" he states and looks down at Vlad. \"A fitting death for Lord Impaler and the Lady Ripper.\" he states and raise the stake. \"No!\" Ingeras calls out, \"Vlad…\" Selena whispers. \"No!\" Ingeras calls out, as Mehmed went to stab Vlad in the chest, but Vlad stop him, holding the stake at bay as Mehmed forces the stake into his heart. Serena clutches her fist and forces herself to her hands and knees. Mehmed took everything from her; her people, her sister-in-law, her humanity, her home, the man she loved and now he's trying to take her nephew and brother. Anger wells up inside her, she growls, looks over at him, then her body burst into bats, right behind Mehmed, taking a hold of his wrist, he looks at her as she was full of rage and then she snaps his wrist, making him cry out in pain. She then grips a hold of his neck and bites down on it, drinking his blood. He cries out in pain. She then pulls away, with a few steps back and pants. Her mouth covered in blood as her eyes were full of rage. The Vlad stood up, grips his armor and pulls him to his feet. \"That is no longer our names. Our names are Dracula and Medusa. Offsprings of the devil.\" Vlad informs him and stakes him through the belly and then feed of the remainder of Mehmed's blood, Selena went over to Ingeras and shields him from the sight. Then Vlad pulls away, roars aloud. Looks down at Mehmed and thew him in the center of tent, life no longer filled his eyes.[Chapter 9] Chapter 8: A Promise fulfilled The three step out of the tent, staying close to Ingeras as he was sobbing, not a signal Turk survived the massacre. Then Vlad looks down at Ingeras, \"It's alright, we're here.\" Vlad informs him, showing that their was still humanity left in him. Selena's kisses Ingeras head and they moved on, then one of the vampire look up, staring at Ingeras, but Selena snares at her, making her back off away from her nephew. The vampires started to follow them as Cazan steps out, \"You old goat.\" Vlad states as they stop. \"I don't feel old.\" he tells him with such glee. \"How many are left?\" Selena asks him. \"None, except for Vlad's son of course. A distraction we can dispense with.\" Cazan informs them as Selena saw the other vampires gather around them. She wraps her arms around him as she became protective of Ingeras when Vlad looks around as well. \"What have I taught you? Repeated, over and over since you were children?\" Cazan asks them. They didn't look at him, \"All that matters his a prince and princess's duty to his people.\" he reminds them, the vampires called out to him as Selena growls at them, holding her nephew close to her. \"Don't you realize? They're all our enemies now.\" Cazan said as he looks down at Ingeras and Selena snarls at him. \"When he's gone. You'll be free.\" Cazan said and went to attack Ingeras, But Selena pulls him back at Vlad thrust a spear into Cazan's heart, stop him from touching Ingeras. Cazan looks at him, \"You forget who we are.\" Vlad reminds him and then impales him into the stake and Cazan withers away as Selena held Ingeras close to her and Vlad moves over to them, protecting his son. They look around at the vampires that were slowly advancing on them, growling as Selena hisses back at them. But then they heard a cry of pain, they look over and saw the priest with a cross in his hand, that was glowing in his hand. \"Leave him.\" he orders him, and a bright light shines from the cross, pushing the vampires back. They turn away from the light and look back at him, seeing the priest hold his arm out to them, \"Come with me, child.\" he tells Ingeras as Selena kept a tight grip on him, \"Come. Please.\" he begs him, then turns back to the vampire, \"Be gone!\" he shouts, making them step back. Tears well up in Selena's eyes and she turns Ingeras to him, Vlad turns and looks at her, seeing she was doing they right thing, Vlad loos at the priest, \"The time is now, please. You must come.\" he begs him and Vlad looks back at Selena \"I don't want to leave you.\" Ingeras begs her, \"Ingeras, sweetheart, I need you to listen to me.\" Selena tells him, gripping the sides of his head and he grips her hands. \"You have to go with him.\" she tells him, \"No!\" he protested, \"And do not leave his side.\" she went on, as he started to cry. \"No, please.\" he begs her, as tears stream down her cheeks, \"No matter what happens, always remember, your father and I will always love you. Always.\" she tells him and kisses his forehead. She then hugs him one last time and pushes him to the priest, \"No!\" Ingeras protested as the priest warps his arm around him, Selena then points at the priest, \"You better take good care of him, guild him in the light and teach him right from wrong.\" she orders the priest and he nods at her, \"No! Papa! Auntie! NO!\" Ingeras protested as he reach out for them as he was pulled back, Selena looks at Vlad as he smile a little at her and then looks up at the sky, \"He's save now, Mirena.\" he said tears steaming down his face and with a move of his arms, the clouds parted, as they did, Vlad held Selena in his arms as she was crying, \"I'm scared.\" she mutters to him, he nods and kisses her forehead, \"I know. I am too.\" he whispers to her the sun shine down of the battlefield. The vampire tries to run to safety, but they burn in agonizing pain. Vlad and Selena slowly turn back to the two as Ingeras was crying out to them and then they two cry out in pain and fell dead onto the ground. ~8~8~8~ Ingeras sat on the throne, with the crown place on his head, and the people bowed to him. The Turks never conquered the capital of Europe. Prince Vlad Dracula and Princess Selena Dracula were heroes. But there are no pictures or statues of them. I am there legacy. Their sacrifice has taught me that after the darkest night, the sun will rise again. For if the heart is strong enough, the soul is reborn. Out of the battlefield, Shkelgim drag a body of Vlad from the ground and onto a rug next to Selena, he then cuts his hand, filling the gantlet with blood and gently pours it pass Selena's lips, her skin started to heal as her hair look lustful again, then Shkelgim pours the remains pass Vlad's lips. \"Drink, master.\" he whispers and the royal sibling took in breath and flutter their eyes open. For if the heart is strong enough, the soul is reborn. With each new life. In life after life. Age after age. Forever. ~2013~ Everyone was gathered at the market for food, mineral, clothing and the latest on the menu, Selena walks up to it, wearing a white tank-top with a black coat, dark blue skinny jeans with dark brown bucket boots and black finger cut-of gloves. She smiles and nods at the people that pass her as she then brushes back a stain of her black hair as it was in a half-ponytail. She then walks up to a stand and looks at the white roses, she smiles and went to pick one, but her hand accidentally touches ones elses. She looks at them, \"I'm sorry.\" she tells him, then was shock, it was Dimitru or his reincarnation, she quickly collects herself and brushes back her stain, \"No, it's my fault, I just like white roses.\" he answers her and she nods, \"The white ones mean something to me.\" she tells him and turns to the roses. He looks at her, \"What do they mean to you?\" he asks her and she smiles a little. \"Pure, innocent, full of life and unique beauty.\" she answers him, he smirks a little and paid the broker and he handed him a white rose. He takes it and looks at her as she turns to him. \"I may not know you well, but I think you have a unique beauty of your own.\" he tells her and handed her the rose, she couldn't help up smile at him, then took the rose and held it lovely in her hands. She smelt it, \"Why think separately of this life and the next...\" she states as she looks down at the rose, \"When one is born from the last.\" he finishes her and then looks at him, \"I've heard that poem before, it's catchy.\" he tells her and they both laugh a little, he held her hand out to her, \"Dmitri.\" he introduce himself, she smiles and shook his head, \"Selena.\" she introduce herself, she then took back her hand and he offered his arm to her, she shook her head and took his arm and they walk off from the stand, from a table, the creature from the cave was clicking his claws against the glass as he watches Selena walk off with a man and she giggles as his terrible jokes. He then stood up from his chair and followed them from the shadows, making she Selena holds up her end of her bargain that she and Vlad made all those centuries ago, to finally face monster that imprisoned him in that cave. And revenge can be such a powerful ally. ","Summary":" In the year of our Lord and lady, 1442, the Turkish sultan enslaved 1,000 Transylvanian boys and gi"},{"Movie":"Ghost Rider","Title":"Son of the Rider","Author":"Darkrose1310","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8007453","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my first Ghost Rider fanfiction, taking place after the movie by several years. Disclaimer: The rights to Ghost rider belong to Marvel and the film rights to Columbia Pictures. Prologue There are some things that were never meant to be born, yet many still march across the three plains: Paradise, Inferno and physical. The child screamed for his mother within the darkness of his hiding place as blood splattered against the doors of the wardrobe and their attacks rattled against the doors, slamming their fist, dealing kicks and roaring at him. Many years ago, when the Earth was still new, a war broke out between Paradise and Inferno. Many fell and many died. The war raged on for hundreds of years… until after seeing the destruction that would ravish its creation, the Creator sent an angel to protect its people, to protect the innocent of the Earth… The door to the room was slammed open and his protector stepped through. … An angel with power over fire, from both Paradise and the dark Pit… The child heard the cracking sound of fire that comforted him somewhat, but that comfort was shattered when more blood splattered against the Venetian door of the wardrobe, some of which slid gracefully through the blinds and onto his tiny face. He cried. … The war on earth ended. But at a price. The angel had given his heart to a mortal and whilst on the battlefield she was dealt fatal wounds… Fresh tears rolled down his face as he saw one of his attackers head slam against the doors before being snapped between expert fingers. The others were dealt with quickly and simply: ones head was driven through another's chest before his heart was torn out and the third was beheaded with a chain of metal and hell fire. He made a deal to save her life and to end the war, but whist she survived… he was tricked. The crackling moved closer to the wardrobe. Trapped in hell, he was corrupted and his mission to protect the innocent was perverted to punish the guilty. Everyone, man, woman or child, commits some form of sin, some stain across his or her soul. We are all guilty of some sin. So was she. The child's eyes snapped shut as the Venetian doors were flung open, \"Daddy.\" He whimpered. The angel became Metropolises' spirit of Vengeance and over the centuries was placed into the bodies of numerous hosts until he was bound to Jonathan Blaze. Empty eye sockets glared down at the child; watching the shuddering movements that the boy made, almost humming with pure, unbridled fear that only an innocent child could possess. The former angel, now a demon, never expected to see his old flame walking the earth, hunting down creatures guilty of sin and protecting the innocent: as was her assignment given to her by the Creator. He never expected to be released from Jonathan and to never need a host again. He never expected for her to believe that his sanity had been restored… … Or for her to become his mate once again. \"Son.\" The boy – whilst still shuddering – raise his head to father. Lifting his arms above his head, he balled his minuscule hands into fists, \"Daddy.\" The Spirit of Vengeance picked the child up with his leather-covered arms and carried him through the destroyed house. Door ways and wooden furniture were splintered, metal objects broken and bent out of shape, shattered glass and blood painted across the walls. That was perhaps the worst thing that had happened to this once beautiful house: the blood that now made the walls sodden, seeped into them until the very smell of death permeated them. The boy whimpered and dug his head into his father's bony and skinless neck. \"Soon child.\" \"Daddy.\" He understood the child's distress, but knew not how to ease it. He – The Ghost Rider – could hear the child's mother dispatching the last few offenders in her living room. Mere moments later, she entered the hallway, blood drenching her long curly hair. Her tense form relaxed when she saw the child in the Rider's arms. \"We must leave now.\" He ordered. His empty eye sockets focused on the boy who was now looking up at him, fingers gripping the Rider's leather jacket. The mother nodded, \"I know a place – a safe house – we can take him there.\" \"No. You must take him. I shall finish the rest. When it is safe I'll find you. Until then, stay safe.\" With that she took the child from him and hurried to her car. Placing the boy inside, she turned the ignition key, the engine roaring to life. Her eyes went to the Rider before her foot plunged down onto the pedal and the car speed away from what had once been their home. Now the fate of all rests with their child. The son of the Ghost Rider: Caelan Balthazar Abrahams.[Chapter 2] Chapter 1 Ten years later… Finding a new place to call 'home' is never easy. Especially when hidden movements within heaven are working in secret to arrange your death, sending their agents both mortal and immortal to execute you whilst the Devil himself plots his revenge against your mother and father. It doesn't help when demons and other immortals are baying for your blood either. Because of this, Caelan had grown up moving from place to place. It was a safety precaution, to prevent anyone from getting too close to Caelan, too close to his location. The effect this had upon Caelan was a natural one, he had learned how to adapt to different environments, about the world itself and how different cultures often appeared to be worlds apart, he learned about all the different people: about their lives and what made them who they were. He met so many interesting people ranging from those whose true beauty and colours were shinning ever brighter for the world to see, to those who buried their true form beneath the very surface of themselves, only ever letting the proverbial tip of the ice berg to show, only ever scratching the surface of what they could accomplish. But it had also made him exceedingly shy, as he was never, or very rarely, around someone that he knew and if he ever did recognize someone, he would soon have to move again: friend or foe. So moving to a new town had become common practice for Caelan – it was apart of his life now – but he didn't have to like nor enjoy it. He just wanted a place to truly called 'home' like he had been able to ten years ago when he was six, when he was just another child, when his dad would visit whenever he could and would be able to send him presents without fear that some old enemy would intercept the package and find Caelan and his mother (or any other guardian that he had at the time). But he now knew that he could never be normal and he didn't want to be normal, not in truth and he knew that no one was really born normal. It was such an indefinable quality as people had their own opinion on what normal was. Caelan did miss when he had friends to play with, people whom he could talk to and share secrets with. But of course that was impossible now that whenever they stayed in one place for more than six months a Tracker would find him. It was his scent, that one unique smell that belonged to him and him alone: the smell of a human hybrid. The older that Caelan got, the stronger his scent became. The more potent and intoxicating his essence became, the easier it was for them to find him. Caelan remembered - remembered when it would takes months – years – to find him, and when he first changed, when he first transformed. Three years had dropped down to just six months. Six short months to make new friends and get settled in until they had to move again. He'd forgotten what it was like to have a home. 000000 Sarah's eyes glanced at her sixteen-year-old son, Caelan, who was sat in the car seat next to her, going through the books and pamphlets of information that she had acquired about the town they would be 'living' in. \"You'll be starting at school on Monday. The head teachers name is Mr Brown and the assistant head is Mrs Cleaves. On Monday go straight to the receptionist, tell her your name and she should give you your time table.\" \"Okay mum.\" \"I know that last time was a bit short notice but I'm sorry Caelan.\" \"Mum, it's okay. We got out alright.\" Caelan replied, \"No harm done.\" She shook her head and said, \"You changed Caelan…\" \"And I fine now. Yeah, I was a little… shaken, but I'm fine now.\" Caelan said softly to his mother, \"I need to get used to it anyway.\" Sarah sighed, smiled at her son, \"You're so much like your father, well, when he was younger.\" Caelan arched an eyebrow, \"I don't think dad was ever young.\" Sarah smiled, \"You'd be surprise. He's actually considered quite young for an angel.\" Caelan smiled, \"I know.\" Caelan went back to reading the latest pamphlet for Haven. It was an appropriate name for the town: discovered in 1820, seventeen years before Queen Victoria was crowned, by a group of explorers and to them it must have appeared as a Haven. The history books said that they had run out of water and almost all food supplies when one of the men caught sight of a dense wood that eventually transformed into grasslands that went into a valley all because of a river that had came down from the mountains in the north. Despite its name, Haven had a long history of the supernatural. Demons and angels alike had been to the town for their own reasons as well as that of Heaven and Hell. Something to do with the land and what was underneath, a long network of tunnels. Sacrifices had once been made in a large cavern that said tunnels were all connected to. Caelan relaxed into his car seat and adjusted his sunglasses. It wasn't really that bright at the moment, but it would very soon. He rolled his head against the seat as he felt the day become warmer. It was a small change that most people wouldn't notice, but to him, it was easy and he relished the heat as it soaked into him. Drawing the heat into his body and feeding off it. He saw her smile out of his peripheral vision and he laughed, a baritone sound that was completely different from his normally soft voice and it rang out across the desert to their new home that was now just on the horizon.[Chapter 3] Author's note: To anyone who has read this fanfiction, I can only give you my sincerest apologies about the length of time between this and my last post and I'm hoping that I'll be able to post a chapter at least once a month from now on. Chapter 2 The car pulled up outside of their new home and from where Caelan was sat; there was nothing interesting about it. It was a house that on the outside appeared to be quite old, with windows so dirty they blocked any light from seeping into the house as the moth eaten curtains clung desperately onto the pole. He could smell a deep, musty aroma oozing from the house; one that had him feel slightly ill but thankfully did not over power his heightened senses. He opened the car door and massaged a knot out of his tired back that had manifested during the last hour of their long trip. Sometimes he wondered why they didn't live in a motor home anymore – but then he would remember what happened to the R.V they had rented when he was thirteen and he sincerely doubted that they would ever try that again. His steely blue eyes went back to the house. It appeared to be very rickety, like a gust of wind would blow it over. That would soon change and by the time they left, it would be a wonderful home with many modern appliances ready and waiting for the next occupant. Sarah turned the key in the ignition and the engine purred softly as it powered down, \"Would you like to go ahead and chose a room?\" \"Not yet.\" Caelan's eyes travelled to the car and he gave it a sympathetic pat. It was a good car, one that had survived many a dent and bump and was actually the closest thing he'd had to a long-term home in years but he could see that the poor thing wouldn't last much longer. Well, he could give it some of his power – part of his soul – and transform it, but he suspected that his mother would only ever let him do so in extreme circumstances. Out of curiosity, he popped the bonnet, only to be greeted by a cloud of smoke. He gestured with his hands and the smoke died down. He adjusted his sunglasses once more and looked over the top of them to his mother who was standing beside him now, \"I think we should find a garage and get the old girl fixed up.\" Sarah nodded, \"I saw one on the way here. I'll call them after we finish unpacking.\" Caelan straightened up and looked at some of their new 'neighbours' staring at them. Some of them were children; in fact the majority of those staring at them were children. When he was younger – after he first changed in fact – his mother informed him that children, in their innocence, had a sense for things that adults did not. The older they became the weaker this apparent ability would become. Therefore, the children, whilst they could not see him for what he was under the flesh – only a sensitive could do that without him changing – could determine that there was something not quite right about him. Despite that fact, Caelan was very fond of children and found them much easier to get along with than adults. Caelan's attention went back to the car, \"How much longer do you think she'll last?\" Sarah shrugged as she closed the bonnet, \"I'm not sure. It honestly depends on what damage she sustains in the future and just how serious.\" She smiled and rubbed his shoulder when she saw his expression – one of regret – and said, \"Don't worry, she's an old car anyway. Now, why don't you go and start unpacking.\" \"Yes mum.\" 000000 The inside of the house was draughty, due to the many holes in the walls that had formed over the years. The floorboards creaked under his weight. Some of the windows were cracked and shattered, whilst others had moths plastered to the glass by the grime and dirt. There was a fireplace on the farthest wall. It would have been beautiful once. He could see ashes in the bottom of the fireplace, relatively fresh – it wasn't unknown for homeless people to shelter in abandoned homes. Now the fireplace was decrepit and feeble in comparison to what it once was, just like the rest of the house. Caelan waved his hand above the ashes experimentally. The ashes caught fire once more with his hand resting above them. Caelan withdrew his hand and watched as the fire shrivelled, royal blue flames turning blood red and finally black as the fire faded once more into ashes. Caelan decided not to do that again. But the few pieces of furniture that were left looked wooden and would catch fire easily. He then heard a soft rustling upstairs. Growling softly in the back of his throat, he stalked back into the hallway. His eyes flickered to the staircase – some stairs were missing whilst others were broken – Caelan swept his arms beside him and his body floated upwards, landing softly on the first floor he stalked silently, like a predator, into the room on the far side of the house. A noise was drifting out of the door that was ajar, rustling of sheets and panting, followed by a faint pitter-patter of feet and the dull click of either claws or nails against the wooden floor. Caelan pressed himself against the door and peered into the room. There was a dirty mirror in one corner that was partially covered by a white cloth, the end of which was now on the floor and beneath it a small body tossed and turned. Caelan recognized the smell: wet fur and dirt. Then he heard a frightened bark and a scruffy tail briefly emerged from the cloth. Advancing, but no longer stalking, Caelan approached the cloth and lifted it off the animal. A small and tatty dog stared up at him with black eyes. It growled at him, low and animalistic. Its coat was a mixture of light and dark browns, with a creamy white underbelly and black back, face and ears. When Caelan looked deeper into its eyes, he saw a thin circle of brown surrounding its pupils. \"Hello there.\" Caelan said and leaned down.[Chapter 4] Sorry about this, but I've never been good at writing these sorts of chapters (ones that take place in school), because of this, I've decided to do this chapter in two parts, just so that I can partly maintain my target of posting a chapter once a month. I promise that I'll try to get part two of this up as quickly as I possibly can. Further apologies once again to whoever has enough patience to put up with this. Chapter 3 – part one Natalie knew that there are things in this world that cannot be explained. That there are creatures that live in the shadows, things that science could not explain, only deny. Her parents had told her this since she was a little girl and had duly taught her varying methods of combat; they had told her of her families' history and how once they had fought along side a spirit sent by the Creature itself to protect mankind. Then her Grandparents told her of the spirits betrayal of them. How he had returned from Hell only to murder millions of innocent people. \" And though we all do sin Natalie, that does not make us bad people, but he no longer cared and slaughtered hundreds upon thousands of innocent people, even his mate.\" Natalie knew that it wasn't uncommon for some demons to kill their mates after… certain events had transpired, but she also knew that many of them 'mated' for life. The Ghost Rider was theorised to be included with these as it was his hosts that formed relationships and attachments to others but never the Rider, not after the murder of its 'wife' anyway. But she had also been taught that there were those among the demon populous that were harmless and this stretched out into other apparitions. \" We only hunt those that kill the innocent, those that wreak destruction across this plain. All others, we shall protect.\" 000000 Caelan wasn't quiet sure what to make of the school as he stood outside the entrance. It was certainly… big, very big. He briefly wondered about whether or not he really wanted to enter the large building, crammed with hormonal teenagers around his age. Then he shook his head and took a deep breath. Why are you even doing this? You've been through this several times before so why bother worrying? Caelan thought with a shrug as he began the seemingly endless journey to the front door. As he walked across the tarmac pavement up to the entrance, he glanced nervously around himself. Normal, everyday teenagers, some of which were his own age, surrounded him. They chatted among themselves and none of them paid him any mind as they talked to their friends. After pushing the glass double doors open he crossed the small distance to reception where a woman with naturally blonde hair, as shown by the roots, now dyed a light pinkish-purple, sat typing away at a computer whilst talking to the parent of a sick student. \"It's perfectly fine Miss Levans. I hope Jim gets well soon.\" The receptionist, whose nametag told Caelan that her name was Ms Kale caught sight of him and smiled, \"Alright Miss Levans, bye now.\" Ms Kale looked up at Caelan, intertwined her fingers and said, \"Morning, what can I do for you?\" \"Um, my name's Caelan Abrahams. My mum said that you'd give me my timetable.\" He explained shyly. The receptionist nodded and reached down for something then passed him a piece of paper, \"That's your time table and if you give me a minute I'll get you an organiser and a map of the school.\" \"Thank you.\" Caelan put one of his hands into his left pocket and fiddled with a chain hidden within the denim. It was a present from his father, given to him when he was about seven or eight. Forged from his fathers' flame, it was near indestructible, an everlasting symbol of the love and care his father had for him, immune to the sands of time. The chain itself was silver – or at least something similar, in truth he wasn't entirely sure – and ended in what Caelan mused was either his family crest or the symbol of the spirit of justice and vengeance. He was leaning more towards his father's symbol due to… events some several thousand years previously. \"Excuse me?\" The receptionist said, calling him out of his musing. He shook his head, \"Sorry about that.\" She held out a piece of paper to him, thick black lines and annotations illustrating the walls of the building and each individual floor. M26, C13, H21 he read as he skimmed over the rooms and their names. \"Thank you.\" Caelan smiled shyly at her. She smiled back and said, \"Your first class is with Mrs Evans in M12.\" \"Thank you.\" Caelan said and walked briskly through the corridor to M12. Stopped. Looked at his map. And walked back the way he'd came. 000000 Mrs Evans was a religious studies teacher in her mid forties with already greying hair. Lessons with her weren't exactly enthralling as she favoured slide shows and sheets upon sheets of paper over learning techniques such as role play or group work. However, this didn't bother most of her students, as Mrs Evans was a popular, well-liked tutor. Although on Friday's during the days' final lesson it could become somewhat tiresome. Today was a crisp, fresh Monday morning. Most of the large windows in the main building of the school were open so as to let the dry, fresh air in – the air conditioning had been broken the day before and the caretaker was off ill. The light that shone in through the windows created a glare across the tables that shone into most people's eyes but after years of this, it no longer bothered them. Mrs Evans had just begun telling the students what topics they would be learning that year when, a boy, who was tall, tall and thin, with tanned skin, piercing blue eyes and mahogany hair poked his head into the room and asked, \"Is this Mrs Evan's class?\" The nervousness in his voice was barely concealed and so audible through out the entire room. Mrs Evans simply nodded and beckoned the boy in. \"And you are?\" \"Caelan Abrahams.\" was the answer. Mrs Evans inspected him briefly before instructing him to take the seat at the desk next to Natalie's. As he passed her, Natalie felt something deep within the darkest and most primitive part of her brain spark, come alive without warming, and a sudden, almost uncontrollable feel of utter wrongness over took her.[Chapter 5] Jesus Christ. Six months? I guess I really shouldn't, but will anyway, blame the tempting new fanfiction I've started writing but haven't posted yet. Honestly, I need to rethink that monthly update schedule or at least stop-watching films that I know will give me new ideas and therefore take up time that should be rightfully spent on this. I bet I end up being one of the fanfiction writers who gets a project stared, sees a new one, forgets the old one and then remembers it later. Anyway, here's chapter 3 – part two; chapter 4 should be forth coming but I can't be too sure at this point. Chapter 3 – part two Wrong. It was something that had always been used to describe Caelan. He was viewed by many factions in heaven as a grotesque atrocity to everything in existence. Safe to say, the opinion of those who dwelled in hell wasn't much better all things considered. However, it is correct to assume that since the Creator had never made any attempt to correct this heinous error that neither did many of said factions. They firmly believed that Caelan served some greater purpose of which they were not at liberty to have knowledge in case their actions somehow altered or prevented it. It is also true, that though many of the legions of angels that serve the Creator are loyal, despite never having seen it's true from, that there are also many secret factions within heaven that disagree with its decisions. If it were not for the loyalty of the Archangels such as Michael, they would have long ago attempted to usurp their omniscient and omnipotent parent. One of these factions in particular has spent many thousands of years investing its time in 'cleansing the Earth of abominations'. Working in secret, sending out its own agents of destruction whether they be human or otherwise, whatever and whoever it took to complete their objective. At some point within the last decade, this hidden movement had sent out agent, after agent, after agent only to find that the greatest affront to nature, to their Lord high Creator, Mother and Father of all that lived and all that it saw, survived each and every attempt upon its life. Even after they had redoubled their attempts in both frequency and intensity when the child first transformed, first changed into its true form, portraying an insulting resemblance to its father, the traitor that had broken so many rules in mating with that whore whom the child called 'mother'. Such a creature, the leader of the fraction had decreed, should have never come to be and as such it was in their best interests to terminate the creature \"But can it be done?\" One asked. \"My brother, nothing is eternal. Only our Lord whom we serve and the immortal souls that he grants to the pure.\" The leader replied calmly, fingers tented and eyes looking over the top of them to his followers. \"Kron has been supplied with all the resources that he will need in order to finish this. Once he has completed his assignment, he has been given strict instructions to tie up any lose ends.\" A brief pause followed, \"No one will know of our involvement in this brother.\" The leader continued. \"What of the mother and father. You know once the child has been killed, they will hunt anyone involved to the end of existence. If they discover that we…\" The first demanded. \"Do you really have so little faith in me, brother? Emotions, such as anger are blinding: they cloud judgment. The death of the monster will cloud their vision and it is then that we shall strike, ridding the world of scum once and for all.\" The leader rose to his feet and continued, \"The extermination of this 'Caelan' shall be a lesson to all those who transgress against our Lord. His foul existence will prove of use to us brother: as a message to those who are against our just cause.\" The first was silenced. \"Yes brother. Forgive me.\" The first bowed low to the Leader. \"All is forgiven my brother. All is forgiven.\" 000000 It was also true that She was doing it again. She was staring at him. He didn't like it. If she were half as smart as she appeared, she'd know this. Alas, she continued to watch him intently from the corner of her eye and to be frank he was bloody well fed up with it. It wasn't that he wasn't used to being stared at. As the new kid it was normal; people wanted to figure out how this stranger would fit into their already established order and the first method of deduction was to look at how they dressed and held themselves. It wasn't that she was watching him that bothered him. It was how she was watching him that was the issue. It was the knowing look of someone who understands that there are things in this world that science cannot explain, that there are things that go bump in the night and that there are also those who bump back so to speak. It reminded him of how his father had looked at him the first night he had transformed: when vomit that bubbled and boiled after being superheated inside his stomach spewed from Caelan's mouth and as his body burned inside-out like a volcano or star collapsing turning supernova. That look had appeared very rarely since then and he'd only ever seen on it the faces of a few heroes, like Dr Strange (who wasn't really that odd in Caelan's opinion, maybe just a bit eccentric). Although, the look only lasted for a moment, as the initial shock – that something so sweet and innocent could come from a being so destructive – wore off and afterwards they tended to leave him be. Sometimes questions would be asked. Sometimes they'd play with him like Spiderman normally did but now they just tended to remark on how much he had grown since they'd last seen him, what a handsome young man he was turning into (and to not turn out as his father had). From others the look never lasted for more than a few minutes whereas this had been going on (not so) discreetly for several hours. Also this much attention from a member of the opposite sex other than his mother was alien to him and a little disconcerting as a result. It wasn't that he didn't find her attractive. Short chestnut hair, olive skin and green eyes she was turning into quite the attractive young woman. Sure, she wasn't stunningly beautiful but she wasn't unattractive. Her name was Natalie Cortez and she was round about his age. Fairly tall, average student and on the free running team the school started last year. Reaching out with his abilities – even though he knew some boundaries were being crossed – he listened into the conversation she was having. \" I think he came from New York or Rio.\" \" New York or Rio?\" \" What?\" Her friend demanded. \" Oh come on. It's not like they're right next to each other.\" \" Hey. You try asking everyone about the new guy without them thinking you're into him?\" \" No. That's what I have you for.\" Natalie replied grinning . \" Oh shove off.\" The friend paused and lowered her voice , \"Why are you so curious.\" then she smiled and gasped, \"You like him don't you?\" \" Claire, shut up. I just have a feeling. There's something not right about him.\" \" Yeah, cause you know he's still wearing…\" At that point Caelan choked and stopped listening immediately. Well, he hadn't learned much from that (other than that he should perhaps avoid Claire). Still at least he knew part of the reason why she was spying on him. \"Dude you okay?\" His partner asked. \"Yeah, yeah. What're we doing?\" \"2x – 3y=11 is equal to x+7y=30, find x and y.\" Caelan groaned. 000000 Unluckily, the rest of the lesson dragged itself by, broken and bleeding fingernails doing little damage to the remaining metaphorical distance that was in this case time. Slowly, but surely, the remainder of the lesson passed with little to no distractions and finally the sweet, high pitched symphony of sound that was the end of period bell sang out. That just left fifth period. Now all that he had to do was find those elusive S buildings and this day would be over. The dog would probably be sunbathing right about now. If not it would be tormenting his mother by stealing anything and everything that it could from the toolbox. So long as he walked it tonight, feed it and made sure it behaved itself when he got home he could perhaps manage to sweet talk his mother into letting it stay. And if that didn't work he could always ask his father. Half smiling to himself he once again consulted the map. There was a rectangular building drawn on with S1, 2, 3 and so on labelled but due to the positioning of the rest of the buildings such as the sports hall he wasn't entirely sure which one was which. After half a minute of turning the map this way and that – and of not getting anywhere – he approached a cleaner. \"Science blocks the first building on your right as you walk out the backdoor.\" The caretaker told him. His accent was from the southern states and Caelan found himself comparing it to Johnny's. It was defiantly Texan. Thick but Texan. Caelan nodded, \"Back doors that way.\" The man gestured. \"Thanks.\" Caelan began tucking the map away into his jean pocket. As he walked away the Texan shouted, \"Say hi to your pa for me next time ya see him.\" Frowning he turned around. The caretaker was gone. Caelan shrugged. He'd properly walked into one of the classrooms to clear a mess up or something. 000000 Science was another lesson that he had absolutely no aptitude for, so he was quite thankful when he found out that he'd be in set three or four. Admittedly he liked chemistry but that was mainly because one of his former teachers had been a bit of a firebug and had allowed Caelan to play with the Bunsen burners one too many times. (It wasn't Caelan fault, after all, that he had an affinity towards it.) So he sat in the lesson, trying to concentrate on what was being said and had a go at not eating his pen lid. Partway through he signed, like his father he had no talent for this sort of thing. 000000 It was true that Ghost rider's talents didn't include science. He didn't, as they say, have a knack for it. Hunting, on the other hand, he was excellent at. However it didn't take a genius to figure out what had happened: The building had all but been burned to the ground; his son's fire had consumed the entire west wing of the building and almost completely demolished the south before the nearby fire department had managed to gain control of the blaze. They'd put down the initial cause of the fire down to some exposed wire on the west side of the building and a gas leak. Nothing had been heard over the roar of the blaze and its ferocious light had blinded any passers-by or neighbours from seeing both parties as they escaped. Unfortunately, whilst the fire had erased any bodies left behind during the fight, it had also expunged any clues that he could have used in order to track down whoever was responsible. It was down right infuriating, especially since it had taken a week of patience waiting until the police decided that there was no evidence of foul play and a further few days before he was able to approach the building without arousing suspicion, motorbike helmet or not. \"Found anything?\" The voice on the other end of the receiver questioned, amid constant hammering. \"Nothing.\" Was his taciturn reply, followed by a question of his own, \"How is the boy?\" \"Caelan? He's fine, just fine. He started school earlier today.\" \"Don't know why you bother sending him to those places. You know as well as I do how little time he spends there.\" \"He needs an education. Plus he also needs to learn social skills and how to interact with people his own age.\" \"Sarah, how can he learn such skills if he is constantly running.\" Sarah scowled and her voice became cold, \"Would you prefer that he die making a stand?\" \"No.\" Ghost rider replied matching the coldness in her voice with a sharpness of his own. \"I don't think that it's healthy for him to spent a handful of months in one place at a time.\" She sighed, her voice softening, \"When I was a girl, we spent less than that wherever we stayed. Remember the city of Argon? \"Yes. We were there less than a week and you managed to insult not only the captain of the guard but the high priest of their temple as well as the Queen and half a dozen of the King's concubines.\" A smile spread across her lips, \"What was it you said to King Solis? Something about how if he didn't call of his guards that you'd tear out his intestines and strangle him with them but not before you would rip off his…\" \"Yes, yes I remember. You kept reminding me the entire journey to the Sand Sea.\" Sarah smiled, \"But you laughed all the way there.\" \"Out of annoyance.\" \"If I was so irritating as a child, then why did you not perform the sleeper hold upon me?\" \"Like you would have stayed still long enough.\" \"I am sure that overpowering a fourteen year old girl would not have been that difficult for you.\" He sighed and said, \"Please rephrase that sentence.\" It was then that a burst of laughter erupted from her throat. Ghost rider shook his head in disapproval. If he was honest, he didn't mind. She hadn't changed as dramatically as he had once thought and these days familiarity was so much more comforting than it had been before Caelan's birth. What had once been such a strong bond had become fragile, more so than life itself. He couldn't blame her though. He'd tried to rip her heart out after all. Sarah checked the time on her phone and said, gently, softly to her distant husband, \"Caelan will be home in a few hours. Do you wish to speak with him?\" \"No. We've already been on the line for too long. Someone may have tapped in by now.\" Sarah sighed, \"Goodbye then. Send word if you find anything.\" \"I will.\" He went back to his search, rummaging through chunks of rubble. The back entrance opened and boots made their way across the building. Jonathan Blaze entered what was left of the room, a cup of coffee resting comfortably between his hands, \"Residence said they saw a man in a suit, claimin' he was C.I.A. Askin' questions about Sarah and the kid.\" \"Name?\" \"Special agent James Flinn. But I don't think that's his real name. From the sounds of things he's the same guy from Mexico.\" \"Hurm.\" Johnny walked over to the spirit and asked, \"You talk to Caelan recently.\" The growl that was sent his way told him more than words ever could. \"It was just a question.\" Blaze replied calmly although he could not fault the creature he had come to have a sort of friendship with. Most fathers worried about their children but they didn't have to deal with constant assassination attempts on their child's life since they were six. Most fathers also weren't thousands of years old with more than their fair share of guilt. And most of all, most fathers got to see their children in person, not stay away in case they inadvertently put their child in danger. The last time the spirit had seen his child was about three years ago, on New Years day. Their last conversation four months ago. 000000 \" Why are you going?\" The boy's eyes were big and blue as they had always been as he stared up at his father, having to crane his neck up to do so. \" It's not safe for you to be near me, Caelan. I'm sorry.\" \" But, but, when will you come back?\" Johnny followed the conversation, although he'd rather have been elsewhere. The look on the kids face was practically heartbreaking. Ghost rider sighed, kneeled down in front of his son's face, which was now thinning out and losing that baby face quality it had possessed during the child's younger years. \"I don't know.\" He may have been thirteen but that didn't change the fact, never would change the fact that he still craved his father's company and to spend time with him. It was because of that that emotions were whirling around inside the child, making his shake with self-control that wavered. Johnny could see Caelan's skin turning a light smouldering red. Ghost rider noticed this as well and placed his skeletal hands on either side of his son's shoulders to comfort the younger being. \" I'll keep in touch still.\" At that point Caelan body took on a blue hue as appose to the light red, his face turned gaunt and his eyes were becoming more and more hollow as the conversation wore on. A final sigh, \"Come here.\" Complying, the child allowed himself to be wrapped up in his father's arms. Johnny didn't know if Caelan fully transformed or not, all he knew was that his Godchild was silently crying in his father's arms, being rocked back and forth in the arms of a creature whose own heart was crying out in anguish. And that's Chapter 3 finished. The identity of the Texan is meant to be a surprise for later on in this fanfiction but after re-reading this myself I realise that you'll either have guessed who he's meant to be or won't be surprised at all when he is eventually revealed. The next chapter will involve Sarah more and I may go into more detail about her and Ghost riders' relationship, although I may be pretty much doing that in a prequel I've done some planning for but may not start writing until this is finished. I'll see how things go. Before I finish I'll just say that I muchly appreciate anyone who still follows this and special thanks to those of you who've reviewed. ","Summary":" This is my first Ghost Rider fanfiction, taking place after the movie by several years. Disclaimer:"},{"Movie":"Dracula Untold","Title":"Dracula Retold","Author":"MrsIanBale","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11941234","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is Romania. History is witness to many dynasties who have ruled with sword and blood. Since 1011 AD, countless invaders have ravaged and plundered this land. And then came, the Draculs. Founded by Mirceah the first, the Dracul Dynasty passed from Vlad II to his son, Vlad III. Among all the Dracul Princes, Vlad III achieved the greatest heights, famous as Vlad the Impaler, and rumored to have made a treaty with the devil for the sake of his family. Till today, Vlad the Impaler's remains are unknown. Castle Dracula, the year 1537. All the courts were filled with people, the more important ones sitting closer to the Prince's Court, and so forth. The funeral procession was signaled by ringing of loud bells, and every body in every room stood up as the procession went through. The first in line was the bell ringer, followed by members of the church: the deacons first, then the priests, the bishops, then finally the Pope. Behind him started a troop of the Royal Guard which encircled the carefully selected few who carried the dead Prince to the funeral grounds. And then the second bell ringer came, whom everybody else followed, including the only person hidden in a dark cloak. The funeral procession lead to the Prince's Court, stopping in front of the Royal Balcony, in which sat the next Prince of Romania, Vlad V, son of Miceah. The 13 year old boy stood and the funeral liturgy began. A grand eulogy given about Prince Miceah and his legacy were sandwiched between passages of the Holy Book and more ritual quotations. The pope looked to the in-ten-minutes future Prince for permission, and the young boy looked to his advisor. The old man assuringly nodded to the young Prince and he gave the go ahead to the Pope. Commonly, the dead were coffined and buried, but only for the sake of the House of Dracula, since the reign of Ingeras, the dead were to be sprayed with Holy Water and burned till nothing remained but ash, ensuring a true death. The water was sprayed and the fire was lit, and little Vlad let down a tear as his father's corpse was set to flames. The boy sucked in a sob and the cloaked figure tightened his fingers in a fist, his other hand smacked the cement pillar he was hiding behind, sending a thin crack all the way to the top. The funeral was completed and the Prince's ashes were poured into an impenetrable box, then buried under his headstone, which lay next to the headstones of all the past princes, up to Prince Ingeras. As the Prince was buried and the chants of his peaceful rest were made, the Pope was lead up to the Royal Balcony, the crown being walked up behind him. Vlad V knelt in front of the Pope as the rituals were said. \"The crown of Dracul,\" the Pope announced as he lifted the crown from its pillow and raised it for all to see. Then, he placed it on Vlad's head. \"Rise, Prince Vlad the Fifth, of Romania. Long live the Prince.\" \"Long live the Prince! Chanted every voice in the castle, including the one belonging to the cloaked man behind the pillar. \"As the Prince is yet to be of 18 years, who has been named the regent by Prince Miceah, may he rest in peace.\" \"May he rest in peace!\" \"I, Emilian Lupei, have been named the regent for the boy Prince Vlad.\" Said the man who had stood next to Vlad, and who was commonly known as Lupei, which meant the wolf in Romanian. Lupei stepped forth and knelt in front of the Pope as he was oathed into office. The Pope put a smaller crown on Lupei's head, and the new regent smirked evilly as he rose to stand before the people. \"The death of a Prince, is always a tragic loss for his people. Prince Miceah was a good Prince, who reigned over all but a few nations of the great kingdom of Romania. It was his wish to leave for his son a united Romania, but his untimely death keeps him from fulfilling his promise. As a loyal advisor to the dead Prince, and regent to the new, I shall see to it that Prince Miceah's words are fulfilled, even if it comes after his unfortunate demise, and bring to Prince Vlad a united Romania! Prince Miceah, may he rest in peace! Prince Vlad, long may he live!\" The crowd chanted and Lupei looked back to the young Prince, scaring the boy with his smile. Down below, the hooded figure saw the regent's crooked smile, and also, heard his evil thoughts loud and clear. Vlad the Third turned away from the pillar with anger splayed across his face, striding off in the opposite direction of the crowd. \"So long as I remain, none shall hurt the people of my blood.\"[Chapter 2] And then there was Princess Caterina, born to the house of Danesti in Wallachia. Daughter of Prince Andrei and Princess Ileana, Caterina was betrothed to Prince Aurel of Bacau. The Danesti were taught the art of combat from childhood, to protect their families and homes and kingdom. Among the warriors, was Prince Xander, Caterina's cousin. Xander loved Caterina. He was by her side whenever she beckoned. Andrei was crowned Prince following the demise of Xander's father, and Xander was left isolated. Yet destiny has much greater plans in store for him, away from the walls of Wallachia. The princess 's future too would lead her away from the Romanian province. The year is 1538. The Dracul dynasty had almost ended following Prince Miceah IV's accidental death. Taking advantage of the situation, Prince Vali of Arad seized the Suceava Castle, and a great battle was at hand. On one side was Prince Vali, with an army twice the size of the Dracul army. On the other side was Emilian Lupei, Prince Miceah's \"loyal\" general who was training the 14 year-old Vlad to take on his father's mantle. \"You must consolidate Romania! Your courage will lead to victory. I, EmilianLupei, loyal servant to the Dracul dynasty, remind you once again, the future of the Draculs is in your hands. Until he breathed his last, your father Prince Miceah, had only one dream: to see the Dracul flag flying over Romania. God willing, it will be you, who will fulfill his dream! Long live Prince Vlad\" \"Long live Prince Vlad!\" \"Prepare to attack! If we can kill Prince Vali, his army will scatter. Vali's eyes alone are exposed, unprotected by armor. Vlad, appoint an archer who must strike him in the eye.\" The general asked the teenage Prince, who nodded for Lupei to do what he must, pleasing him. Lupei selected archers and sent soldiers on their missions, and then ordered for a prisoner to be brought forth, and his soldiers did as he asked. \"Your glorious Majesty! For the first time, today, allow your sword to prove its worth. Behead the traitor and bring glory to the Dracul name.\" The soldiers threw the old man to his knees in front of the boy prince, and Lupei handed him a sword. \"He is worse than a dead man, Lupei. How can I strike him?\" Asked Vlad upon seeing the bone thin old man, with barely any meat under his skin. \"If you do not, the army will take it amiss and not believe you are a true Dracul. Do as I bid!\" Lupei angrily addressed Vlad and thrust the sword in his hands. \"Soldiers! My brave Dracul soldiers! Like his ancestors, our Prince Vlad V, is a true Dracul! A glorious future to the young Prince!\" \"Long live the king!\" This is how Emilian Lupei not only regained the Suceava throne for the young Prince, but established his own rule, proving his actions just, by saying that he was acting to the approval of the Prince. As Lupei sat at his throne in Castle Dracula, his friend and loyal advisor came to see him. \"My lord.\" The friend bowed. \"Petre, what brings you to my court?\" \"A matter of importance, if I may be so outspoken.\" \"Alright, out with it.\" \"If you allow me to speak without audience.\" \"Fine. Clear the court!\" Lupei ordered and everyone else bowed and left. \"What is it, Petre?\" \"The boy prince, Vlad.\" \"What about him?\" \"He no longer remains a boy. He is coming of age, and beginning to be observant to his surroundings.\" \"I see yes, this is important, yes. What can I do?\" \"Have him sent away, away from court, away from you. Lest he grow up against your wishes. Send him to a cabin in the woods, with a trainer, and a tutor, and a few guards that will watch him and run back and forth.\" \"Excellent thought, Petre. I shall act upon it at once! Nicola!\" Lupei beckoned for a guard lead. \"Yes, my lord?\" \"Prepare a convoy for the Prince. Find a best battle trainer and a tutor and bring them to me.\" \"Yes my lord,\" Nicola bowed and scurried away. The next day during breakfast. \"My Prince, I have an urgent matter to discuss with you.\" \"What is it, Lupei?\" \"I can see, my lord, that you are coming of age, yet you are neither learned nor are you comfortable with the art of war.\" \"I am 14 Lupei, what must you expect of me?\" \"I'll remind you, that you are a Dracul. In that sense, you shall be tutored and trained in the art of war. But,\" \"But?\" \"The castle is not a safe place for you to do so. If word gets out, enemy rulers may send assassins to get rid of you. For your own safety, I shall send you to a well maintained cabin in the far woods, fit to your liking, where you will be with a trainer and a tutor, who will raise you to be fitting to your name. A true, Vlad Dracula.\" \"Are you sure this is allowed?\" \"But of course, my young Prince. I shall only do what is best for you.\" \"Okay, I will go.\" \"Excellent decision, my prince. I have already prepared a convoy for you, and I suggest you leave soon after breakfast so as you can get there in light.\" \"But firstly, have my friend Alexei brought to me.\" \"My prince-\" \"If I am not to see him for some time, I shall properly bid him farewell. If it is such hurry for you to send me away, then I suggest you quickly have Alexei in my chambers.\" \"Of course, my prince.\" The young prince walked quickly away to his chambers where some maids were busy packing trunks full of his clothes. He was sitting by the window, playing with a toy, when Alexei knocked on his already open door. \"May I come in, my prince?\" The other boy mockingly asked. \"Alexei, prietene, I am not your prince, I am your friend. And you are as a brother to me.\" \"And you to me. But you sound upset, Vlad.\" \"Lupei is having me sent away from the castle. He claims it to be the best for me.\" \"How long will you be gone?\" Alexei asked and sat next to his royal friend. \"So far, the maids have packed three trunks. Two of them hold clothes that would fit me in another four years.\" \"So you are expected to be gone for at least four years, huh?\" \"That is why I asked for you to be brought here. I wanted to say goodbye face to face. I know not when I shall see you next, or if this is to be the last time.\" Young Vlad sighed, almost teary eyed. \"Hey!\" Alexei jumped off the window sill, attempting to cheer up his friend. \"You and I are best friends, born together, we'll die together. And I shall be here, waiting for you. Now, in the case that you do not wish to grow old standing here by yourself, let's go play!\" The peasant boy pulled the prince's arm and dragged him with as they both ran down the hidden stairways, off to play in their usual spot, one last time.[Chapter 3] The convoy was readied: horses were loaded, carriages were packed. Prince Vlad was forced to say goodbye to his friend, possibly for a very long time. The castle staff, the good ones, knew of Lupei's intentions, and prayed for the safe keeping of their little prince. He was given given his own horse, the one in the middle of the parade. They raced off towards the forest, shadows running right beside them; shadows that weren't necessarily theirs. The forest neared and their pace slowed. Vlad began to look around his new home. Thick groups of trees, between which, different fauna skittered through. He saw deer, wolverines, Lynx, foxes. A bat fluttered from one tree to another and Vlad stopped his horse; bats lived in caves, not forests. Vlad stared between the trees, almost sure he'd seen something, or someone, when a guard came up and pushed the Prince to move along. Dracula quickly turned away and pressed his back into the tree as he sighed, relieved and distraught. Not an hour had gone by before the convoy reached the cabin in the woods. The soldiers disembarked and tied their horses to the trees before they went to unload the prince's luggage. The cabin door was opened by Vlad's tutors, who had already arrived the day before. \"Welcome to your new residence, Prince Vlad. May I suggest you disembark and come in for a rest? The earliest we can begin on you training, the better.\" \"No, I will ride through the forest more. Accustom myself to my new surrounding.\" He pulled the reigns \"Of course. Shall I ask the guards to accompany you?\" \"No. I shall appreciate the solitude.\" Vlad stated to the tutor and tottered off without waiting for a reply. Survival guide in mind, Vlad rode his stud in silence. He counted the trees he passed, noticed the natural landmarks that would take him back to the cottage. Among all this, his eyes and ears were keen on one target: the bat. If there'd been one, there would have been many others. Vlad trotted towards the two trees he'd seen the bat, and his horse spotted it first. The beast was scared, and whinnied and lifted his front legs, and it took all of Vlad's strength to reel the horse in. When the horse calmed somewhat, the Prince looked around for the bat, but instead saw a shadow walking away in the hurdle of trees. \"You there! Stop!\" The Prince shouted and the figure stopped. Dracula stopped, curling his fingers in and cursed, then slowly approached the young prince, his hood still drawn over his face. \"Remove your cloak.\" Beckoned Vlad as the man neared, and again his horse whinnied in fright and moved back. The older man hesitated for half a minute, then did just as he was told. He removed the hood from his head, but had to step back into the shadows to adjust to the sunlight. \"Do you have a name, sir?\" \"My name is Alistair.\" Dracula lied, his face to the floor. \"Alistair? Did you know my father, Prince Miceah?\" \"May he rest in peace. Yes, I was a companion of your father. He was a good man. A good Dracul.\" \"So you are real?\" Vlad jumped off his horse, which didn't waste a second to run back to the cottage. \"As I stand before you in flesh and blood.\" Alistair moved out of the shadows, and smoke rose from his skin, then it stopped. \"My father told me stories of a man named as yourself. But no one believed them past stories, as no one had ever seen, or ever heard of you.\" Alistair chuckled. \"I am not a very sociable person. But I help those who come to me with good intent, I watch over the innocent.\" \"Then you truly are an Alistair, a noble protector.\" \"Aye.\" \"If you are as you say, then why is that horse afraid of you? You know, they say that beasts can tell more of a man than another man.\" \"It is true. I was a bastard, cursed by the devil, but I have learned to be a friend to man, despite what they say about me.\" \"That's why you only come to the good?\" Vlad noticed. \"A good man isn't quick to make a judgment. The horse, you did not give it a name?\" \"It was not mine, the soldiers gave it to me for travel.\" \"If you like, I can teach you how to catch one for yourself.\" \"You can do that?\" Vlad asked, amused. \"I have spent many ages in these forests. It has-\" Alistair was cut off by the shouts of the guards, the horse going back empty seated wasn't a good thing for them. The younger Vlad turned towards the noise while a new voice started behind him. He turned back to see Alistair gone, a lone bat following its colony away. \"There he is! Prince Vlad!\" The guards shouted simultaneously, their speeches overlapping. \"I am fine! The beast crossed paths with a snake and ran back. You may take this one back, I will catch myself a horse.\" \"Do you know how, young prince?\" The soldier, who returned him onto his horse, asked. \"I look forward to learning it,\" Vlad replied as he looked one last time to where Alistair had disappeared, then followed the soldiers back to his new home. OoOoOoOoO \"Aha! My arrow split yours! I win!\" Caterina cheered as she won the archery game. \"And by definition, I win.\" Prince Aurel proclaimed. \"No you don't! You didn't even get close!\" Caterina stood in his face and thrust her hand towards his own target. \"You are mine, and therefore what is yours, is mine. And anyway, you will be mine when we're older, then you'll have to do as I say.\" Prince Aurel rudely reminded her, then flung his bow away before he ran out to his friends. Prince Xander hung his own bow over his back and came up behind Caterina. She didn't jump when she turned, so skilled was she already. \"Must I marry that beast of a man!\" \"I know no other who can tame a beast better than you.\" Xander complimented her to cheer her up. \"Exactly. Because I am good at fighting, at least I'm better than that buffoon!\" \"Then prove it.\" Xander teased. He put off his bow to the side and unsheathed his sword. Caterina scoffed, then drew out her own and stood ready. \"Careful what you wish for, Prince Xander.\" \"Enough talk! En garde!\"[Chapter 4] That night, Vlad was restless in his bed. Partly that the bed he was sleeping on was less comfortable than his bed at the castle, partly because of the dreams he had. He dreamed of his father's stories, the ones in which Alistair played a part; and now he had a face to the legend. The bats too came in his visions, adding to the mystery of the man, and even in his dreams, he couldn't wait to see him again. Not far from the cabin, Dracula, or Alistair, also tossed and turned in his sleep, more his dreams to blame than the bed. He'd gotten used to uncomfortable beds, even since before he became Dracula. But he'd never get used to dreaming about his son, his little Ingeras. The boy he'd had to watch from the shadows, the desire to touch his son more agitating than his thirst for blood had been in those three days. At times, Ingeras' face would morph into Vlad V's, and Dracula would jolt awake with the dread of not bring able to save his family in the dreams. He'd often go wander through the forest, even sometimes watch over his name sake through the window, watching him sleep like he used to watch Ingeras sleep. The next morning, Vlad woke up excited. The tutors expected him to make a fuss over having to live in the cabin, but he didn't. He quietly walked into the dining room and sat down for breakfast, which wasn't as lavish as at home, but he wasn't thinking about food at the moment. \"Can either of you teach me how to catch a horse?\" He asked over his food. \"To catch a horse? Why the sudden urge?\" The tutor was surprised. \"My last one threw me off in fear of a serpent. I shall have one that I know I can ride, as I shall have tamed it.\" Vlad announced boldly. \"It is quite a feat to tame a beast. You will get there, eventually. But that is not a priority for now. Would you like to start after breakfast?\" Vlad slumped, disappointed. \"Alright, fine. But you won't take all of daylight. I'll like to explore the woods more by myself.\" \"As the young Prince wishes.\" The tutors conceded. After breakfast, his time was divided between the tutor and the war master. First was the tutor, who gave Vlad a lesson on local politics and demographics. The prince contained his yawns and was relieved when it was time for practice with the war master. The man was yet to give the young prince a sword yet, but still wrung the boy out on physical exercise and fight skills. From his weary state by mid evening, the teachers prayed he had given up on his intended expedition. But the minute the sun set, the prince was full of life again as he collected some belongings and barely announced his intentions as he raced out the door. Vlad had walked all the way to the circle of trees where he had seen Alistair the day before, but there was yet a sign of him. Flutter! Vlad quickly pivoted towards the noise, but saw nothing but a ruffle of the leaves in the wind. Shutter! Another noise, yet still nothing. Vlad reading his blade in his hand and closed his eyes, and the next time he heard motion, he threw his blade ahead of it. This time, hearing a squeal in response. The boy quickly opened his eyes, and to his amazement, saw a bat writhing to death as its wings were pinned to a tree. Even more impressively, the creature combusted and fell to the ground in a heap of ash. \"You are good at self learning, my prince.\" A human voice said and Vlad rolled his eyes as he turned to face Alistair. \"I have been here for-\" \"A good prince is patient with his people. If you start demanding everything within the second, your people will grow weary. And tired of you.\" \"There isn't such thing as democracy in this world. A prince comes to power by blood, as was his father, and his father's father.\" \"But if you give the people a bad prince, they will revolt. And install a bloodline of their choice.\" \"A name as strong as Dracula isn't so easy to erase.\" Vlad boldly announced. Alistair heartily chuckled at the boy's naivety. \"Is that so? Then prove yourself; catch a horse.\" \"Do you see any horses that I do not! There aren't any here!\" Vlad was yet to whine when Alistair suddenly appeared behind him. \"Do you trust me?\" The older man said as he grabbed the boy from his arms. \"My father did, so will I!\" Alistair jumped in the air and Vlad grew amazed as a colony of bats flocked him and he was in the air. It felt like less than five minutes had gone by when they were soon in a clear hillside field. Alistair didn't need to tell Vlad where they were. The vast grassland, without a tree in sight, was the Pontic-Caspian Steppe. As Vlad returned to Alistair to speak with him, the ground shook in an earthquake, halting his speech. The men stood aside as a stampede of wild horses raced up from over the hill, as a tribe of proto-indos chased them, lassos swinging in the air ahead of them. \"They will teach me?\" Vlad asked as he pointed to the wild looking people. \"No. You will only learn from them, but you will teach yourself. After all, you are a mighty Dracul.\" Alistair handed the prince a rope and stepped away as Vlad threw him a smug smirk. Vlad carefully positioned himself about the stampede and looked to the indos for inspiration. He followed their movements, stance for stance, whip for whip, call for call. The stampede was thinning, and when he finally caught a horse, it went lame. Vlad squatted next to the horse, stroking its thick coat as it looked at him through its big wet eyes. \"The horse is lame.\" Alistair came up behind him. \"You must put it out of its misery.\" \"I am not cruel. I have it not in me to kill it.\" \"Then you must learn.\" \"I won't! You can't make me!\" Alistair sat near the horse's head and put it on his lap. \"It isn't cruel to put it out of his misery. No physician can-heal his wounds.\" He stuttered as he tutored the prince, remembering the death of his wife, Mirena. Alistair stroked the horse's mane, and closed his eyes as he snapped the horse's neck, ending his misery. Vlad stood up and walked only a little distance before he threw up. Alistair came up to him and lead him sit down on a hill crest. \"You do not-\" Alistair began but was interrupted. \"I understand that there is a need to be learned in war. But there are certain times when there is a need of war itself, or peace.\" \"That is a great thought,\" Alistair praised, and again they sat in silence. \"You don't want to be your great grandfather, the Dracula? Your namesake?\" \"I have heard his stories. He sold himself to save his son and his people, but he was given to the Turks. I have no desire to be a monster without reason.\" \"A monster without reason. You are very learned, young prince.\" \"I truly appreciate you pointing that out. Not most do.\" \"And when you become Prince?\" \"I shall be a kind and peaceful Prince. Unite Romania under a flag of peace, not a reign of terror as Lupei does. And if there need be, I will protect my people, through whatever means I must.\" \"And you shall find me an ally in your quest of peace.\" \"It's late. I should retire, or they will send hounds after me.\" Alistair laughed and stood up. \"As you wish, my prince.\" Dracula watched from the window as Vlad knelt by his wooden bed, making his night prayers. He sped away when the boy was deep in sleep, arriving at an abandoned garden. He sat amongst a bed of red roses, and picked the most thick bloomed one. \"You once said I keep little interest in flowers. Yet the only place I can sense your spirit is here,\" Vlad talked to the flower, stroking it. \"Mind you, my love. I have a keen appreciation for beauty,\" he smiled to himself, making wrinkles appear by his mouth. \"The red of this rose is put to shame by the reds of your lips. Or perhaps the red of your blood, that gives me new life. The softness of this flower,\" he cupped the rose in his hand, as if choking it. \"Doesn't compare to the softness of your skin. Which my teeth broke through.\" He ripped the petals off the stem and they turned black as they fell between his feet. He picked up the black petal and held it up as if it were a mirror. \"The curse of long life, that I can't die soon enough to be with you, my Mirena.\" Vlad stuck the rooted stem of the rose into the ground, and parted the early dawn sky as he walked away, \"As one life is born from the last,\" the sun shone through the clouds and as the rays descended, the rose stem bloomed another rose, more beautiful than the last, \"I will see you again, my love.\"[Chapter 5] By the time 5 years went by, Vlad V had adjusted to his life in the forest. His tutors foolishly prided themselves, crediting the prince's grown expertise as a result of their hard work. Little did they know that everything that Vlad V had mastered, was all his own credit, with a little guidance from Vlad III. His agility and acquired skills put to shame two generations of the Dracul House- of course, not even the devil himself could reach the fame Vlad III had earned. Nonetheless, Vlad V was a credit to his name; with the mastery of all kinds of combat, and expertise in world knowledge. Vlad fought his soldiers for game, and still sent them limping back to the castle, where they reported to Lupei. The regent held little concern for the prince, as since he had learned of the Vlad's fragile stature, nothing else mattered. Not his assassin skills, nor his views on politics, since Vlad V wouldn't live long enough to rule; whether by nature or by accident. In the years that had passed, Lupei let the nations rule themselves; not out of the benevolence of his heart, but because he wanted to wait till all the nations were conquered so he could force them all together to bend to his command. He prided himself in his smarts and strategies, that is till he heard of the Prince's plans to return. \"NO!\" Lupei's screams echoed in the half empty court as he threw a tantrum. \"I will not have it that he return! Transylvania is mine! And soon shall all of Romania be!\" \"But sire, you cannot prevent what must come! The people will question.\" \"Then we must hasten our plans! Kill all who rebel!\" \"We are not ready, your grace. If we attack now, we stand to lose!\" \"We must not lose! All my hard work, all the sacrifices I have made, I deserve to get what should rightfully be mine! Think Pietre! What can we do to insure our victory?\" Lupei stormed around the castle in his rampage, and soon found himself standing at the doors of the forbidden hallways. \"Well,\" he chuckled, easing his worry. \"What can we do to keep what's ours, in the house of Dracula?\" The evil smirk on his face made his henchman worry. \"W-what do you conspire, my lord?\" Pietre dared to walk closer even as his legs trembled on his own weight. \"Why, a deal with the devil, of course!\" Lupei grabbed him by the shoulder and rattled his soul out of him. \"S-sir! But certainly yo-\" \"Enough, Pietre! Go, my friend,\" he dulled his voice to a motherly tone. \"Go, fetch the keeper and bring me the keys!\" Pietre stared in horror as if the devil himself had climbed into his already evil master. Lupei laughed and danced merry, gloating at his smarts. \"Do this, for me, Pietre. And I will see to it that your name is only second to mine in all of Romania! We shall live like kings!\" Lupei's laugh still echoed in the castle as Pietre ran as far as he could, as far away from the forbidden halls. The keeper tried every key on the ring, looking for the true key among the duplicates. At sword point, of course. No one in their right mind would unlock the devil's rooms for fun. Soon as the door was unlocked, the keeper ran all the way to the other side of the castle. Lupei stormed in like a conquistador, prideful of his accomplishment. The hall was dark; unlit and undisturbed. He sent Pietre out to fetch a fire torch, and himself walked in the dark guided by the dust covered walls. Pietre returned with a torch, lighting the hall. At the end of it was a wooden door, chained from corner to corner, forbidding anyone from entering. Lupei ripped off a decorative ax from the wall and hacked away at the binds, till there were tiny metal links flying everywhere, and none holding the door shut. The sacred room used to be part of a church in the time of Vlad III. The remains of an altar with downsized candles stood in front center of the rickety old pews, spider webs filled in the gaps. It was in this room that Vlad Dracula learned of the monster of Broken Tooth mountain. This room contained the recipe on how to be a monster. The men dusted and ripped apart every book they found, none of them the one Lupei needed. Angered by his apparent failure, the reagent flipped a table so far it crashed onto a pew, making it reveal its treasures. Lupei looked on like a child waited for dessert, and fell to his knees among the trinkets. He made Pietre tear down all the benches; the more they broke, the more they found. It took a while to sort through the junk and the phonies, but they found the book, and some necessary ingredients to replicate what Vlad III had done years ago. They lacked the one thing they needed most: the blood of the monster on Broken Tooth mountain. \"You couldn't gather the army to go up Broken Tooth!\" Pietre protested, validly. \"I'll give them an incentive; a bribe. The few who'd go up, with you, Pietre, as their general. I'll make them my elite force. My secret police. Hunt down our most loyal men, Pietre. Or at least, find the low lifes we can buy.\" By break of dawn, Pietre led out a troop heading to Broken Tooth mountain. The clan thinned by the first shadows of the night, and not even ten men remained. The men built a fire, and a dome over it to limit the smoke, and huddled to discuss their next plan of action. \"Who's he gonna know if we got the monster's blood or a fox's?\" \"Yeah! Ain't gon be me telling him.\" They all looked at Pietre, who was standing by a tree. He shrugged and squatted at the fire, warming his hands. \"No reason to eye me up like that! I'm sittin right next to your aren't I? I won't tell him nothin! Pro'lly be my head first.\" \"So it's settled then. No reason putting our heads in the lion's mouth.\" \"He'll expect us to be scarred and bloodied.\" \"We can wrestle a wolf, then blood it. And nobody'll know it but us.\" Two nights in the forest later, the men led by Pietre returned to the Castle, bloodied and scarred, shredded skin hanging on bones. Lupei maniacally greeted them upon their return and, sending the others to the physician's chambers, dragged Pietre back to the forbidden halls. The conniving henchman crossed himself behind his master's back, while he held the vial of blood in his other hand. The devilled reagent threw Pietre into the old church room and looked at him with gleaming eyes. \"Do you have it?!\" He begged almost. \"Y-yes, my lord.\" Pietre wavered as he brought out the container from within is cloak, as if Lupei might suspect the treachery. He didn't. Lupei took the vial from him instantly and went back to his altar where everything else of the concoction was laid out. By nightfall, the slush in the mortar resembled the pictures in the book, and was satisfactory for the manicked Lupei. Pietre stepped back to the doors as his master lifted the mortar, preparing to drink whatever mix he had concocted. The reagent, having drank in one gulp, wiped his mouth on his sleeve and threw the receptacle away as he stepped out to the balcony for emphasis. No sooner that the full moon peaked through the clouds, Lupei fell on his knees, screaming loud enough for Pietre to hear as he ran to the other side of the castle.[Chapter 6] Vlad was 19 now, old enough to leave the woods, old enough to be prince. But Lupei sent no one to collect him, and the newest set of tutors didn't let him leave. The boy- a man now- became agitated by his confinement, often challenging the guards for game. Strong and skilled as he was, he didn't gain any bulk. His physique was frail; he was weak. The open air woods hadn't been good on his immune system, and it was a miracle he lived. On part of his health, that is. His security presented another issue. Vlad's tutors and guards were all at the mercy of the evil regent, Lupei, and they'd been receiving orders of assassinating the prince. But Vlad, trained by the man he had come to know as his great something grandfather, often beat his assailants to shame. But the guards took notice of the toll it took on his health. One day, though, the threats lessened, and the prince began to drop his guard, but the older Vlad immediately picked up on the battle strategy. It was the calm before the storm, and Dracula urged Vlad to return to his people without awaiting orders from the castle. The new prince was elated to finally escape the woods and return home. Home to the comfort of his castle; home to his people; and home to his good friend Alexei. Vlad had missed the companionship of someone his own age. Dracula and Vlad sat hidden in the thickness of trees, discussing their strategy to take over Lupei, and the supernatural Vlad was so deeply invested in the conversation that he failed to pick up on the low steady heartbeat on the other side of the curtain of trees, eavesdropping on their conversation. The day after the morrow would be Vlad V's homecoming. \"Have a good night's sleep my boy,\" Dracula suggested, reassuringly squeezing Vlad's shoulder, \"for tomorrow on you shall not get any !\" Vlad laughed at one of the rare jokes his grandfather made in their time together. \"I am in you gratitude, grandfather. I shall live up to our name.\" \"I pray you do not have to.\" The two men of the Dracul house split company, the younger retired to his cottage for his final rest before his life as the prince began. The older fled to his own sanctuary that was an abandoned garden, where roses grew in the night. Ritually, as he had done for decades, Dracula found the biggest bloomed rose, which to him held the soul of his beloved. He reported to her how events had transgressed since his last visit. \"...He has grown up your grandson. The boy shares more your morals than mine. He dreams of peace and unity. But I fear for him, Mirena. I fear the world may not give him a solid chance. And this Lupei might just be his Ottomans. If he can survive, he will be the greater prince Transylvania has seen in some time. If he survives. If he-\" Dracula sped off before his words finished, running toward the cottage. He smelled blood in the air, blood that wasn't yet spilled. It was different, inhuman, and the first whiff of it had sent his mind back to the first time he held the chalice offered to him back in Broken Tooth. This was Lupei's secret pawn, the storm after the peace. This was... Wolves? Being the mutant himself, Dracula didn't waste a second on the possibility, rather he was in full offense mode. The beasts at first displayed shock at his arrival, but quickly overcame the feeling and attacked the newcomer. The wolves jumped him in pairs, leaping on their strong hind legs, launching their full weight at him with open jaws. They got in a bite or scratch before Dracula, in his steaming anger, either dismembered them or pulled their jaws apart enough to cause death. Instead of having dead wolves at his feet, Dracula stood center in a ring of dead bodies; human bodies. Their forms contorted without taking regard of what he had done to them. A running heartbeat stared at him from the doorway of the cottage and he turned to face the teacher, crossing himself with a shaking hand. \"D-dra-dracu-\" The man wouldn't have been able to get the name off his tongue, but Dracula didn't give him the chance to. He ran at the tutor, pinning him to the door as he sank his fangs into the throbbing vein of the old man. Dracula expected a sense of pride when the prey's body fell cold to the floor, but the cringeworthy wail he heard made him regret having wasted time on a meal. He sped to the boy's room, grabbing the assassin wolf by his physical spine and threw him away from the boy. The wolf's body limply flung away as his spine hung with bloody guts in Dracula's hand. The boy Vlad lay writhing on the ground, sputtering blood as he attempted calling out to Dracula. He fell on his knees next to the dying prince, easing his effort to speak. \"H-home,\" Vlad rasped. \"I am sorry, my boy. I failed. I could not get you home.\" The legendary Dracula was on the verge of tears. Vlad weakly shook his head and placed a trembling hand over Dracula's undead heart. \"N-no. Vlad Tepes return home. S-sav home, f-f-fathe-\" the boy couldn't finish the word Dracula craved to hear, his head falling lifelessly over his father's arm. Dracula let out a mourning cry so loud that bats flew and wolves howled. He laid his dead son on the proper bed, choosing to bury him at the break of dawn. The rest of the night, he spent studying his new opponent as well as he could from a pile of dead bodies. By the time sun was at its zenith and the grave dirt had taken to shape, Dracula set off to return home. Not as Vlad Tepes the third, but Vlad Tepes the fifth; though as he marched, in his hand he carried a spear, on which hung the disembodied head of the assassin. By nightfall he was standing at the tall gates of Castle Dracula. He took a calming breath before he reached to knock at the doors of the home he had not been in for decades. His knocks were loud and powerful, drawing attention of the guard in the tower keep. \"Announce yourself, oh man who dares entry at this ungodly hour.\" Dracula let out a dry laugh the chosen words. \"I am Vladimir Tepes, prince of Transylvania returning home.\" There was commotion in the watch tower as guards scrambled over what to do. Eventually, some came down to ascend the gates. As soon as Vlad's image was wholly illuminated in the light of the hanging fire torches, the men released the pulling chains and the gates crashed loudly behind the homecomer as the guards scattered in fear. Vlad smiled a smug smile as walked into his home; he would enjoy this very much. After decades of lurking in the shadows, Dracula was finally home.[Chapter 7] The calmness in Vlad's mind was in complete contrast with the chaos in the castle grounds. Fire ran uniformly up the walls to light the giant torches as people crowded to see him walking by. Beside the universal fear of the man walking proudly with a head on a spear, there were two reactions to his return; much welcomed, and very unwanted. To some, which also numerically were 'some', it was the emotional well timed return of their rightful prince, who would hopefully right all the wrongs done to them by the current regent. The others, the men of power, the men of money, the men loyal to the current regime, did not take his return with glad tidings. For the tears of joy, Vlad flashed an understanding nod, a silent promise that he heard their cries, giving them hope. To the scowls and menacing glares, he looked away and adjusted his spear higher, silently imposing his authority, that he would not be their friend. The castle door were opened by four soldiers, and the number had doubled by the time he made it to the main court. \"Stop,\" Vlad ordered, keeping the soldiers around him from opening the two, magnificent calligraphied doors that stood ominously in front of him. The most monumental events of Vlad's life had begun through these doors. He'd been dragged through these doors when he was eight. Ten years later, he'd stood here as the bloodiest soldier of the Ottoman Empire. In the next few years, it was through these doors he had entered a marriage, through these had he carried his children with and without life. Through these doors he'd welcomed Ingeras to his people. Through these doors had someone dared to ask for his son. Right now, a century later, he stood at this door again, to once again be the savior of his people. The only difference was, that he wasn't Vlad Tepes III, soldier of the Ottomans, but rather as Vlad Tepes V, the Prince of Peace. With that thought, he stormed past his detail and pushed in the doors himself, walking in like he owned the court, which of course, he did. The emptiness of the court was strange to Vlad, who'd heard a multiple hearts beating chaotically, a mix of anger and fear. He stood alone in the ginormous empty room like an idiot, twisting around with a bloody spear in his hand. This absence was clearly a sign of disrespect, as by now, towns over would have heard of his return. A few moments later, long by the patience of an immortal, the doors next to the throne opened wide and in walked regent Lupei, with a fairly heavy detail around him. Lupei immediately started talking to the man who had his back turned to him, his heart racing at the sight of the headed spear. \"What has it been, 5 long years? You must introduce yourself.\" Lupei's voice kept cool, since as of recently, he had nothing to fear, except the moon. Still, nothing could have prepared him, or anyone else around him, when the man turned around to face them, as if he'd just walked out of a portrait. Lupei's eyes threatened to burst if they grew more, and those around him fervently crossed themselves; earning a smiled scoff from Prince Vlad. \"Clearly, I can be no other than Vlad Tepes,\" he paused just to tease them, make their blood rush faster, \"son of Miceah. The 14 year old boy you sent out into the woods, he's come home.\" Before anyone could interject, he raised his finger and continued. \"Because I believe, if I'm well taught and trained enough to... remove my assassins,\" Vlad swung the spear around so the men around could see what he was talking about, \"I think I'm well knowledgeable enough to return to my throne.\" Lupei pouted and clapped as if he'd just stopped a joust, slowly. \"I applaud your apparent talent. Welcome home, Prince Vlad.\" He stopped to address the others. \"Subjects, show some respect to your Prince!\" The surrounding men effortfully took a knee, except for the one who was more than willing. \"Yes, yes. Now that you have returned, you are rightfully entitled to your throne. But nor you or us can expect you to be immediately thrown down upon it. Please, may I suggest you take time readjusting back into society, and understanding where our current politics stand. And, as we can all assume from your stance, you've been through hell. Allow us, if you please, to take care of this, spear for you...\" Lupei motioned to a soldier to take the spear away from Vlad, which despite the soldier's fear, he gave up with little resistance. \"And you may find some peace and relief in your rooms, take a guide if you've forgotten.\" Vlad laughed dryly. \"Home is not something you forget, be it five or five hundred years.\" As expected of him, Vlad made his way to the \"children's room\", the room that had most recently been Vlad V's room, which Dracula had given to his son Ingeras. The room was both same and different from the last time he'd been in here. It had evolved with the times; the fabrics, new furniture, the paintings, and the settings. Lucky for him, the bed frame was almost the same as it had been in Ingeras's time, and Vlad drew closer to it in reflection. Lost in the memories of a life long gone, he was barely conscious of the presence behind him, but when the heartbeat came closer, Vlad grabbed the dagger in his jacket and spun around, having pinned the intruder to the bedpost with the blade at his throat. \"Should your blade slice me through, I would die happy at your hand.\" Vlad took a second to identify the man in his hold. His words were that of a friend, someone who was very close to Vlad V. \"That is a fate unsuited for brothers.\" Alexei broke into a smile of relief and Vlad retracted his blade, soon after which he was taken into a hug. Dracula recalled Vlad's yearning to be back with his friend, and he dug into that emotion as he returned Alexei's hug. \"Oof, if your embrace is that strong,\" Alexie pulled back, flexing his shoulders with a fake pained expression, \"I wonder how hard your strike is.\" \"Believe me, it will be bad against my enemies.\" He spoke his warning with a light tone, making his way to sit on the edge of the bed. \"What'd they got you eating, horse nads?\" Vlad laughed heartily. It'd truly been a while since he'd heard a good joke. \"They kept me alive on wheat cream. I have a strong feeling they didn't want me coming back.\" The solemnity returned heavily to the room. \"Care to join me for a walk? Something you can't die tonight without seeing.\" Vlad scoffed a smile and got up, following Alexei around the castle. The young boy felt helpful, reminded Vlad of what everything was in the castle, but Vlad walked around remembering everything from a century ago; how congested every walkway had been, full of overly ecstatic people, living a life of celebrity. If only they'd known. Alexei stopped in front of a hallway very well known to Vlad. \"Remember how as boys we weren't even allowed to skip near these doors?\" This time, Vlad's smile was dead. A century ago, he'd done alot more than skip in this hallway. He was pretty sure they'd left marks on the floor, the doors, the walls, and that was after Ingeras. Even though he wasn't longer a boy, Alexei still nervously pushed in the doors to Vlad Dracula's main halls. He'd expected dust, but apparently the halls had been very well kept through the century. Vlad wouldn't have stopped if Alexei hadn't stopped in front of him. Alexei cleared his throat as if about to make a grand speech. \"Vlad Tepes, meet Vlad Tepes.\" Alexei made introductory motions between the portrait of Vlad Dracula and the man he believed to be Vlad the fifth. \"If you're his reincarnation by face, let's hope you've come back with his heart too. Sure as hell is the perfect time for it.\" Vlad laid a reassuring hand on his new friend's shoulders, secretly glancing at the portrait of his Queen has he spoke. \"I am Vlad Dracula. I will avenge my people.\" I've got a better version of the ending, it's just lost in my notebooks that are lost in storage[Chapter 8] Vlad lay on the bed that once belonged to his son. His legs were an inch too long, but his thoughts were not to it. He turned his head down and closed his eyes to kiss Ingeras' curly blonde hair. He had taken after his mother. \"Can we go riding tomorrow, papa?\" \"Of course we can!\" \"You most certainly cannot!'' said the queen. She could over rule the lord Impaler himself. \"Why not?\"cried the Dracul men in chorus. ''Because tomorrow is the day of our risen lord.\" ''Oh of course! That's Easter. What was I thinking?\" Vlad teased and playfully kissed his boy again. When he opened his eyes next, he was in the bath tub. Mirena asked what had attacked them, and he lied saying it was wolves. She asked what else was wrong and this time he honestly admitted his fear to his wife. But the queen did not fret at the impossible idea of loosing her son. He confided in her that he wanted peae, starting between them.Vlad grabbed her waist and pulled her into the bath and she screamed of joy. He pulled her into him and kissed her all he could. But then his incisors extended through her flesh and she screamed of pain. Vlad opened his eyes and saw the blood pouring down her back. He pushed her away and sat jolted in the bathtub, alone. Vlad leapt out of the tub and was dried and dressed by the count of three. He paced his room like a caged beast, trapped by his memories. He chose to escape it all and violently opened his door to come face to face with Alexei standing guard. \"Home provides you no rest, friend?\" \"It haunts me while sleep evades me.\" Alexei laughed and landed a hand on Vlad's shoulder. \"Take a walk with me then, yeah?\" Vlad shook his head and followed. They took the long way, avoiding all other life in the castle. The boys arrived at an enclosed yard. \"Tell me you have not forgotten our place, have you?\" Vlad scoffed and turned to his friend's voice, but found himself alone. He fervently looked around him, but couldn't find Alexei anywhere. Not till he had turned a full circle and received a blow that threw him off his feet. A sword fell next to him and the clang of the falling metal covered the hiss that escaped from Vlad upon touching the silver. \"On your feet, friend. Let us see if you are a worthy prince of Transylvania!\" Vlad smirked and found his footing, then he grabbed the cloth bound hilt of the sword and lunged forward with a yell. \"Nyah!\" He yelled, victorious over his opponent. \"Is there no one worthy of fighting me? Or do you lack luster to fight your prince!?\" He turned around and was met with a sword a breath away from his neck. His new opponent was dressed toe to head in a loose white outfit, nothing to see except the eyes. \"You wish to fight me in front of a crowd? You will make a jester of yourself!\" The challenger paid no mind to the threat and swung their sword back, preparing to fight. \"As you wish, fellow.\" The prince swayed his sword as well, readying to fight. The opponent made the first blow and he blocked, pushing the other sword away with momentum. The challenger was relentless and the fight became mobile, and the casualties grew. Curtains tore, pillars bruised, vases fell and people were pushed over, but the fight went on. The two fighters were equally matched, and it felt the duel would run for ages, but an unsuspecting messenger came running down to the courtyard. \"Prince Xander!\" The lady called and distracted the prince mid fight, making him loose his sword and fall at his opponent's feet, pinned by his own sword and the other. \"My life lays at your feet, princess!\" He mocked and splayed his arms open. The princess took off her veil and shook her hair free, scoffing at her prisoner. She took away the swords and stepped back, letting her captive stand to his feet. Prince Xander jumped to his feet and brushed off his pants, then diverted his attention to the messenger. \"What is the reason for this interruption?\" The messenger bowed \"forgive me. The queen asks for the princess.\" The Princess too turned to the messenger. \"Tell the queen mother I shall join her shortly.\" The messenger bowed to her as well. \"As you wish,\" and then she left. \"Caterina, this isn't fair!\" I was about to win when the attendant distracted me!\" Xander walked after her, pouting. But the princess was proud. \"Victory is victory, my dear prince! I have defeated you! Remember Xander, a moment's distraction can change the duel's outcome. A slight distraction can bring defeat...\" she paused for effect, then spun around to face him, holding his sword at his neck, \"... or death!\" Xander scoffed and took his sword back by the hilt. \"Ah, now the novice teaches the master, is that so?\" \"Not teaching. Only reminding.\" They walked in silence towards the end of the courtyard. \"Let me tell you, your skills are impressive. A good student absorbs the knowledge she is given, swiftly and well!\" \"And if I am a good student, then it is because of my good teacher!\" She poked a finger on his shoulder. He was about to continue when both their attention went to the group of courtesans marching in the halls above the courtyard. In the center of them walked prince Aurel, with a high nose. Xander cleared his throat and caught her attention. \"Your new teacher will be better.\" Caterina was caught off guard. \"New teacher? Who would that be?\" \"Why the queen mother of course!\" Caterina rolled her eyes and began cleaning her sword. \"She will teach you all that a woman should know! And soon you will be carried away on a palanquin!\" Caterina, unimpressed at the idea, quickly turned with an accusing finger pointed at him. \"But I have a condition first!\" Xander folded his hands behind his back and leaned forward. \"Pray tell!\" Caterina turned away and walked proudly, staring at the sky. \"I will not marry... till father appoints you the crown prince!\" Xander was dumbfounded. He relaxed his hands to his side and strode after her. \"Caterina, you mustn't make unreasonable demands!\" \"But it's true! I have heard father praise your skills. He speaks of your bravery, and the many tournaments you have won! You are proficient in war... deserving to be crowned. Now there's nothing to worry about, am I right?\" Prince Xander started to talk, but was muted by the call of the queen. \"Princess Caterina! Are you aware how dishonorable it is for you that I have to come collect you myself! You shall find yourself in my rooms at once!\" The queen beckoned and turned away, and the princess went running after. Xander shook his head at her and chuckled. \"Oh my dear naive girl!\"[Chapter 9] In his rooms, prince Xander exchanged his training suit for one more fit for court. The court ladies approved his choice with hidden giggles and he rewarded them with a smile, which left his face when he entered court. In front of him was a full house, including prince Aurel and his emissaries. Xander filled a heavy breath as he strode forward with a plastered smile. In his mind he braced for Catarina's outbursts when she were to appear. Xander gave each royal their due respect and found a seat across prince Aurel. He flashed a smile to the other prince knowing Caterina would especially have a word or two to say about her intended. He dared to steal a glance upward to the mezzanine where Princess Caterina sat fuming in her corset confinement. The proceedings began and important announcements were made. Princess Caterina's wedding was announced for the 4th day of the next month. Next, the crown prince was anointed: loan Belmont, with Xander as his vice. The announcement came with majority applause, but was deafened by Caterina's vocal chagrin. ''No! This is unjust! Not right at all!\" The court fell silent and she earned death glares from Belmont and her mother. Her father though, expected and allowed his daughter to be the character that she was, always open to speak her mind, never to stay silent on injustice. Prince Andrei had wanted Xander as his heir, even trained him to be so, but the votes were against the young prince, most notably, Prince Aurel's. \"Princess Caterina! Know your place!'' \"No! You've stolen the seat once before, and this time Xander had even proven himself worthy of it! Prince Xander is-\" She finally shushed when the court doors burst open and in walked a troop of soldiers. They wore red armor and proud smiles as if they were above everyone else. On their backs was a dragon emblem, the undeniable symbol for the house of Dracul. \"No need to argue, my lords and... lady.\" the man smiled cheekily at the princess who had made her way down the mezzanine. \"You will soon be relieved of the burden to elect.\" \"You dare barge into my court!\" Prince Andrei led the court men to their feet. \"My apologies, your Highness. I am but an emissary from the house of Dracul. I have a message to deliver: This decree has been sent by regent prince Emilian Lupei! Align your kingdom within a month to the Dracul Empire, and as a loyal subject, pay the tax. If you reject the Emperor's decree, then you will face Lupei's wrath! This disobedience will be deemed a crime. Offenders and their kingdoms will be annihilated. By decree of the prince of Transylvania, Emilian Lupei! The Transylvanian emissary stood proudly after he was done reading, sure that the court would heed. But Prince Andrei spat at his feet and Prince Aurel strode forth, slaying every other intruder but the messenger. He sheathed his bloody sword and tore the papyrus scroll in one rip and grabbed the proud man by the collar. \"I am just the messenger, sir.\" The man said still with a smile. \"Now take my message to your prince. We Danesti are unused to such orders. You will not have Wallachia. If your prince is so bent on taking it,\" Aurel threw the intruder past the door, \"tell that little prick to come get it himself!\" As Aurel turned back, clean up was already in progress. The bodies were being taken away and the floors scrubbed of evidence. The silence that had fallen the court for the past five minutes had now disappeared among the chatter that had consumed the room. Prince Andrei caught sight of his future son in law, and made the court quiet. \"There will be repercussions of your actions, prince Aurel. We will have to be ready for war.\" \"Then that is exactly we will do, your Highness. The proud Transylvanians will not live down their humiliation. I'll be seeing you on the battlefield.\" Prince Aurel nodded to his father in law and led his entourage to exit. After his departure, all of Walachia made ready for battle. While everyone was either worried or angry, one person was more than elated. This was to be the first battle to occur when princess Catarina was of age. In Transylvania, the messenger was met by death at the hands of Lupei himself. The Danesti had dared to rebuke his treaty, embarrassing him. It was war they wanted, war was what they shall receive. And now, Lupei had new war dogs to experiment. He happily interrupted \"Vlad\" at his fitting. \"My prince, if you please?\" Lupei feigned begging at the door. \"Enter, Lupei.\" Both Vlad and Lupei rolled their eyes as he entered. \"Speak!\" Vlad commanded, ignoring the regent as he fixed his armor chest in the mirror. Lupei addressed himself to the reflection of the prince in the mirror. \"My prince, as I have done so with many other nations, I had sent out a decree to the Danesti kingdom of Wallachia to peacefully align their kingdom with Transylvania.\" \"And?\" \"Well, the Danesti as you may recall are a proud clan. There has always been bad blood between the house of Dracul and the Danesti. And as you may have assumed correctly, the Danesti have humiliatingly refused an alliance with us.\" \"Were any and all peaceful approaches made?\" \"I'm afraid our only approach had been to send emissaries, and only one had come back alive to report that they had demanded war.\" \"Well then,\" Vlad reached for his newly fitted helmet and shoved it on his head. \"They asked for war, then war they shall get.\" Her aim was true, her sword touching blade side on her nose as she readied herself for battle. Her eyes opened and her sword arced high behind her back, then with a spin of her body, the silver blade cut through the air and a hack echoed through her hiding place. As Caterina stood still with her sword by her side, her melon fiend fell to the floor, diagonally halved. Her enemy might have only been a fruit, but the juices dripping from her trusty sword made it felt truly like a real battle. With a yelp of joy Caterina twirled around, brandishing her sword. She held up the blade, letting its surface catch the sunlight as the milk of the fruit dripped in her mouth. A much deserved drink after a long battle. \"I thought you'd be here.\" Xander's voice made the drink catch in her throat as she wiped the back of her hand across her mouth. She turned to face him with a smile, laughing at herself. He stood cross armed, watching her with a cocked head. Caterina rolled her eyes and turned away, going to wipe the her sword clean. She felt him following her and her brows raised in his direction as mischief boiled in her head. \"And how fares your practice?\" \"We're good. But we're going against the Draculs. We need to be better. Need better warriors.\" Xander knew her well enough to know he wasn't gonna leave here without a fight. \"Good like me?\" \"Sure.\" \"Is that an invitation?\" \"Well that would depend...\" Separate from each other, both Caterina and Xander smirked, and Caterina arced her sword back, and the hit of steel on steel rang in her ears as she jumped back to face her opponent. The air was lit with metal music as the swords clashed and the challengers danced their swords. Xander rasped a breathy laugh, pressing his sword against hers, forcing her to push against the weight. \"It's a bit more of a challenge when your adversary can fight back.\" His hazel eyes shone with mirth that made Caterina want to laugh, instead she gritted her teeth through a smile. She grabbed the hilt of her sword with both hands, and rather than push straight up, she twisted her wrists and knocked Xander's sword away and immediately made a strike, not giving him time to recoil. Before her next swing landed on him, Xander had rolled to grab his sword and he blocked, deftly wielding his blade to parry her swing. Caterina met his blow and slowly edged her sword away from his, forcing him to keep coming forward. When he came to the point where he was exactly where she wanted him, she smirked and Xander knew something was up. He tried all his might to gather himself, but he couldn't resist reaching forward further, and Caterina reached out, swinging her sword out and jabbing the hilt of her sword in his back, sending him tumbling forward on the hay floor. At the least he could brace himself and tucked his vitals and tumbled into the glide. He let out a yelp as his head banged against the wall. Caterina dropped her sword and ran to him. \"Oh, Xander! Are you alright?! Do pardon me, I got carried away.\" His shoulders protected his head and she gripped them, leaning down in hopes of peering at his face. \"I truly didn't mean to hurt you.\" His body shook and Caterina was about to cry, but when he lifted his head laughing, all that guilt and sorrow turned into anger and embarrassment. \"You're horrid.\" Caterina's cheeks were hot with embarrassment. \"I thought I'd hurt you.\" \"Only my ego, sweet cousin,\" Caterina pushed herself off her cousin and came to her feet, storming like a caged lioness. \"\"Your skills are perfected, Caterina. You are one of the best opponents I've had.\" \"Mother will forbid me to partake in the battle.\" \"Well, inarguably, you are a woman. But rest assured, should the war spread back to our doorstep, you have the complete jurisdiction to fight.\" He'd meant a joke, but only infuriated her more. \"That is not fair! I am the best soldier you have. I'm certainly better than that sword wielding monkey you call Prince,\" Xander didn't need to hear his name to know she meant Aurel. Caterina was almost to her knees, her voice and eyes begging. \"Please, let me join you in battle.\" \"We shall see.\"[Chapter 10] It were the cannonballs that started the battle; that was how both armies were set. An alternating row of cannons, then the footsmen, and then the horsemen rounding them out. The footsmen made up the most, of course, as there were only so many cannons on either side, and the horsemen were just the elite and the royalty. There were only two armies that day: the Draculs of Transylvania, and the Danesti from Walachia. Prince Aurel had sent two troops in his stead, his own absence quickly noted by the Danesti. The Wallachian were lead by Prince Andrei, Prince Xandar at his side. Unknown to either was the fact that amongst their swordsmen, there was one who was different from the rest. All 99.99% of the army dressed identical, spoke similarly, behaved in unison; all except... her. Her with her garments that hid her figure; her with the golden brooch on her arm that would help identify her should she... Her who was better than most, silent as a rabbit, and quick as one too. The Transylvanian army was still lead by Lupei, who was still the legal regent. Prince Vlad was at his side though, learning how the Draculs ran things in the modern age. When the cannons went off though, he jumped off his horse and fell in line with his swordsmen, something no prince had done before in a long while. Before the charge was given, Lupei ordered Vlad to stay; princes didn't fight their own battles. The longest this prince waited was two hours before he ignored his orders and marched out, leaving Lupei to wish he would not return. But loss could not be expected of a Dracul, Vlad the Impaler no less. The immortal prince suppressed his strength and fought alongside his men. He would slay any and all that would come in his way. But then he saw them. Saw those two emerald eyes glimmering with excitement and adrenaline from between the wrap. A set of downturned eyes set below a pair of well groomed brows. No way they belonged to a man. They didn't. Vlad didn't even think of his setting as he made his way to her, thoughtlessly swinging his sword, though hitting the right mark nonetheless. He had almost encroached behind her before he changed his mind to no approach her. Instead, he set about keeping his own men away from her, not that she needed his protection. She on the other hand didn't know his intention, only seeing the Dracul emblem on his armor and labeled him her enemy. His back was to her when she swung her sword at him, but he blocked her with his own sword hung down his back. The soldier pushed her sword away and turned to her, again blocking her attack. \"Terrible way to say thank you.\" He began as they exchanged attacks. She replied with a raise of one perfect brow. \"To someone saving your life. Not that you need a savior. Is your prince aware of your participation in this battle?\" Their one sided conversation amused her as she listened quietly above the clang of her sword. Of course they weren't standing stock still in the middle of a battlefield. She hauled down his soldiers as he plowed through hers. \"The silent treatment, is it? Oh it's the worst punishment of all. Nice seeing you, then.\" He bid her adieu and left to fight somewhere else. Realizing his true potential, Vlad III returned alive to his base. It wasn't long after that the Dracul still won, and the Wallachian Prince was captured. Vlad looked around worried for the girl, but luckily found her escaping through the woods. Meanwhile, her father was escorted to the Transylvanian camp, awaiting punishment. Vlad, Lupei, and some other army men, including Alexei, were standing outside the tent to receive the war prisoners. \"Oh great Prince of the Draculs, behead this insubordinate prisoner!\" Lupei ordered his prince. The old prince Andrei was pushed to his knees, but still he kept his head held high, impressing the \"younger\" ruler. \"No, Lupei. A prince in captivity is at our mercy. He should be forgiven, not murdered.\" Behind him, his best friend smirked while in front of him his prisoner's eyes lit with hope. \"Forgive my impertinence, your highness, but as your loyal custodian and still the current regent, I will do only what I have to preserve the glory of the Draculs!\" Lupei followed his bellow with a raise of his sword, fully intent to beheading the Wallachian prince. \"Enough, Lupei!\" Vlad roared as he stopped Lupei with a firm hold on his arm. \"No more. Not any more!\" \"Vladimir! Do not forget you are the future of our empire! I have made you what you are! I have built this empire by brick and by blood, and you dare destroy it!\" Lupei was heaving with anger. In comparison, Vlad was rather calm and sober. \"You're right. Loyalty can make a man impertinent. I have heard the stories of the terror of your reign, Lupei. But no more.\" Alexei smiled at his best friend's heroics and clasped his hands behind his back as he stood erect, proud to call this man a brother. \"Yes, you protected me and had me tutored and trained at your expense, for that I thank you. But now I am back. I am of age, and I am enlightened and aware. From now on... I will make my own decisions.\" Vlad left his group for a minute and walked closer to the battlefield. \"From now on, following any battle, prisoners of war will be shown mercy. I declare, that they will not be enslaved. It is unnecessary! Yes, I want to rule this land under my flag, but I will do so with humanity and passion. Terror and hatred never won any war. They create only more enemies and guilt.\" Vlad returned to the party and went to the old prince, lifting him up by his shoulders. \"You suffered humility in my land, at the hands of my men. Forgive me for their insolence, uncle.\" He addressed the other prince in respect to his old age. Prince Andrei looked at Vlad with shock and awe. \"If you are the future of of our great lands, then I would have no trouble ruling under your sovereignty.\" The old prince took Vlad's hand in his and kissed it. The younger prince nodded in acknowledgment and turned to Alexei. \"Alexei, I trust that you will see to it that His Grace is honorably returned to his home.\" Alexei came forth and bowed to each prince, then guided the older one out. Seeing them off, Vlad turned to Lupei as he climbed his own horse. \"Now if you would not mind, let's not delay my coronation any further.\" ","Summary":" This is Romania. History is witness to many dynasties who have ruled with sword and blood. Since 10"},{"Movie":"Ghost Rider","Title":"Ghost rider spoof","Author":"Howl of a Werewolf","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8088686","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Here I go, finally tempting season 3 of my spoofs... It's been a really long time, since tired for more of these stories... But, friends of mine, along with my cousin Troy, once mentioned jokes about the movie, witch inspired me into this story.l Anyway, without further to do, let's get started... It is said the old West is build of legends... Stories to silly, or too 'scary' to believe. This includes, the lengend of, 'the GHOST RIDER... It is said every century has one, some damned soul, doomed to wonder the earth, collecting souls for the devil. Many years ago, a ghost rider from the 18th centery (or whatever), successfully collected 1000 souls. but the contact was so powerful the ghost rider new the devil shouldn't have it, and refused to hand it over, and \"out ran, the devil himself\". And the thing about legends is, sometimes, THEY'RE TRUE! PRESENT TIME! From here we meet, Johnny Blaze. A young motorcycle stuntman, riding with his father, who was a famish stuntman, his whole life. Both, successfully riding through a huge loop of fire. At one point Johnny notices a pretty girl in the audience, and nearly falls of balence. After successful show, Johnny and his father were walking out of the tent, that the show was in. \"You gotta keep your eyes on more then, just your girl\" Johnny's father told him, but Johnny just rolled his eyes. After a few days, Johnny began worrying about his father, after discovering he not only has cancel, but it's spreading, more and more quickly. Suddenly the air became extremely cold. Known to Johnny, the devil himself, was approching the area where he was. \"Greetings\" he said to Johnny after approching him. Johnny payed no attention towards the visiter. \"It's a nice thing... You watching out for your father\" \"How did you-\" \"Even a blind man can see he is sick... But, I can cure him\" the devil said. \"Let me guess... Your need something in return\" Johnny said. \"I'll take... YOUR SOUL!\" the devil said evily. Of corse Johnny had no idea, this was Saten himself, \"Umm, okay\" Johnny said laughing. The devil handed Johnny a contact. \"Sign here, and by tomarrow, your father will be as healthy as a horse, but for the price of, YOUR SOUL!\" the devil told him. \"Why dose, 'your soul', always appear in caps?\" Johnny asked. \"It's more dramatic... NOW SIGN THE F***IN PAPER, ALREADY!\" The devil cried angrily. Johnny got ready, but stopped, and at this point, started realizing, this guy was SERIOUS, and started getting nervous about what he was risking. Suddenly Johnny slightly cut his finger, and a drop of blood landed on the contact. \"Oh, that would do just fine\" the devil said, picking up the contact. Before showing yellow eyes, and a spooky grin. Johnny suddenly woke up in his bed. Resuming it was just a dream, but it WASN'T. Johnny this when he was greeted by his dad, who said he feels as \"healthy as a horse\". BUT! The devil had a HIDDEN, a particaler, rather double crossing, peace of infomation. Joining Mister Blaze's show, the devil secretly appeared, making his bike fall unbalance. But strangely mister Blaze, somehow servived, and slowly managed to get back up. Shocked at his ability of being alive, mister Blaze looked at the hoop in amazement. The audience cheered about his survival. Mister blaze took a bow, but the fire loop fell down, but it somehow didn't have the fire touch him, as it fell over mister Blaze. After seeing his survival again, the audience contained their cheering. Suddenly a truck hit the wall behind mister Blaze, crazing him to, liturary, fly out of the tent. Mister Blaze landed all the way on the road. Where he noticed Johnny happening to be on one of the sides. \"Dad?\" he asked, wondering what his father was doing there. Johnny's dad hoped onto his feet, saying \"Son... You won't believe what nearly happened to me\". But instantly after finishing his sentence he was suddenly hit by a large bus, that liturary appeared out of nowhere. After witnessesing the death of his poor father, Johnny had to clear his head, by riding his bike. But the devil appeared, and made him crash. Johnny pointed at him angrily, \"You... You killed him\" he said. \"I healed his cancel... That was the deal... But I couldn't let come between, us\" the devil said. Johnny was very angry tired punching the guy, but the devil was liturary unhitable. \"Your soul is already mine... I took it, rapped it, and will USE IT! When the time is right\" the devil told Johnny, evily. Well, that's the chapter, please leave reviews, can't wait to hear them.[Chapter 2] CHAPTER 2 Many years later... Johnny Blaze is now a full grown adult, famish for succeeding in extremely dangerous stunts. But while he was landing his current one, he fell off balance and crashed intensely into a wall, after he was somewhat run over by the bike. A medic team ran over. Lead by his close friend Mach. \"Johnny! Johnny speak to me!\" Johnny woke up, seeming strangely unharmed. \"Hey... Is the bike okay?\" Johnny asked, with little care to having survived such a incident. \"Yes... The bike is fine\" Mach groaned, annoyed with his friends sense uncareness towards his own life. Johnny was helped up, and the coward roared with cheers when they saw him alive and seemingly undamaged. \"we should go\" Mach said. \"One minute\" Johnny said. With that he walked up head abit looking at the coward. Then tilted back abit, threw up his hands as high as they could go, and screamed out \"YESSS!\" witch made the coward go even crazier. \"Okay, now we can go\" Johnny said, walking back to Mach. Meanwhile. In an unknown area. A mysterious black suited, dark blue skinned, male being was walking through the distance. As his face was shown, he roared, witch gave him the brief facial figure of an frightening demon. Back with Johnny and Mach. Though it irritated Mach, Johnny did nothing but flip on the tv, and sit on a coach. A knock like sound was heard from the tv. \"HAHAHA! THE GUY GOT HIT IN THE HEAD WITH A COCOANUT!\" Johhny cried out, pointing and laughing at the television. (obvious reference to Patrick Star, as he said and done the seqense in the episode - Rock a bye Bilivelet). \"Johnny, can you please turn it off, we need to talk\" Mach said, in a almost, parent like, tone. \"Pipe down, I'm trying loss my brain, with technology\" Johnny said, zombie like, toned. As he watched the show with zombie like, blank stares. Then suddenly laughed again. \"That time was TWO cocoanuts\" He said, laughing. \"I'm being serious!\" Mach cried, and flipped off the tv. \"Hey, I'm missing the cocoanut\" Johnny said sadly. \"JOHNNY! You should of been dead from that crash!\" Mach cried out angrily. Johnny gave no tempt to respond. \"Clearly you have some type of guardian angle protecting you\" Mach said. \"Better, I got a Maclakoto\" Johnny replied. \"A what?\" \"An maclakoto, lead of mhgj, power of loo\" Mach just stared at him, with a blank glance of not understanding what Johnny has going in that strange mind of his. AROUND THE NEXT AFTERNOON! Johnny was preparing for his biggest stunt ever. He'll jump across an entire football field, the entire langth across, without stopping. Everyone in the crowd was wild with excitment. Johnny was doing nothing more, but liturary staring at himself in the mirror, with a blank stare. And Jazz music was heard in background. Mach opened the door. Trying to convince Johnny not to do it. But Johnny wanted to. \"Fine, but no trucks this time\" Mach said. Johnny gasped in shock. \"But that's the best part\" Johnny said sadly. \"Well, take them out\" Mach said. After visioning himself grabbing Mach by the shirt and beating the hell out of him. Johnny tiredly agreed not to have the trucks. Before the show started, Johnny ran into Rosizila, his old girlfriend. But was pulled to the set before getting to talk to her. Much to Mach's disaproveral, Johnny replaced all the trucks with helicopters. Johnny managed to make it across, without even crashing this time. \"HE MADE IT!\" Mach cried out excitedly. However Johnny porposely drove wait out of the arena. \"WHERE'S HE GOING!\" Mach cried. Johnny cart up with his old girlfriend, managing to ask her out, and she agrees. Witch has Johnny excitedly cry out \"YESS!\" Meanwhile. Down at a bar station. A biker was standing guard. He saw the blue skinned man, try going in. But the biker didn't allow him. \"Is that a problem?\" Thr biker asked, rudely. \"Yes\" The blue skinned man said in a harse voice. By simply touching the biker he started carzing the man to turn blue and begin dying. \"What's wrong, feeling blue?\" The blue skinned man said with a evil grin, as he watched the victom die. Thrn tossed the body down, and walked into the club, without trouble. END OF CHAPTER, PLEASE LEAVE REVIEWS![Chapter 3] CHAPTER 3 I forgot that these part happen BEFORE Johnny's stunt across a football field, so I'll bumpy them both before turning to Johnny. The misterious blue man managed kill everyone in the bar, including an attractive young woman. After finishing 'the job'. The misterious man sees the return of Gressel, demon of the earth. How is shown with tanned skin, bold head, and yellowish eyes. Making him a fairly frightening figure to ever run into. \"What do you want from us, Blackheart?\" Gressel asked the blue skinned being. Out of water, came the second demon, Willow, demon of water. Who appears with long black hair, pure white skin, dressed in a black suit, and always looking wet. \"Ya? Why where we summoned?\" Willow asked. \"I want you guys to help me search for the contact of a thousand souls\" Blackheart replied. Suddenly, the third demon literary flew in. It was Abigor, demon of the wind. \"So say we find it... Then what happens?\" Abigor asked. In my personal optinion. Abigor's humanly figure is the scariest of all of them. He has long dark hair, long thin body, yellowish eyes, and even has vampire like fangs for his teeth. \"Then we rule this world, FOREVER!\" Blackheart evily replied. \"But what of Mephistopheles?\" Abigor asked nervously. Blackheart turned towards Abigior angrily, and told him \"Don't, EVER, say that name. LATER THAT SAME EVENING! Blackheart and his three new minons, ran into the one revealed Mephistopheles, who is the same one that murdered Johnny's farther several years ago. \"Blackheart, what have you done, you shouldn't of releashed them\" Mephidtopheles said, when he saw the three demons, with Blackheart. \"It's too late, we will soon find the contact of a 1000 souls, and we will everything, and I will destory YOU in the same ways... Father!\" Blackheart replied coldly. ELSE WHERE! Johnny was preparing himself for the date tonight. He was planning out things to say, when as his first sees her. First thing he though of, was dressing in clown hair, and saying \"Lets put a smile on your face!\" Second thing he thought of screaming out \"I CAME HERE FOR YOUUU!\" (you may have to see the video 'hot cool aid', By juilanSmith87, to get the inside humor, used). Third choice had him put on his glasses, and acting all cool, and saying \"let's do this, babe\". Forth choice involved him taking a large wooden board, with a huge hole in midde. Johnny stuck his head in the hole and tired imitating Jake Nickolson's voice, as he quoted \"Herrrrre's Johnny!\" \"God, there's no way I'm saying ANY of that krap, what is with this buzarre writer \" Johnny said to himself. Johnny let out a sigh, and put his hand on the mirror. Only to see his hand was liturary burning up. Later when Johnny is walking down into Mephistopheles who was apparently waiting for him. \"YOU!\" Johnny cried angrily. \"Is that anyway to repay me, for keeping you alive all this time\" Methistopheles replied. Johnny gasped. \"Oh my god, Your the Maclakoto!\" he cried. \"Whatever\" Methistopheles groaned. \"Anyway, I have your soul, and its time for you to do my dirty work\" he containued. He then revealed a brand new bike, he wanted Johnny to use. \"Oh look at this, hehe\" Johnny said, in the 'edbassmaster' voice. Johnny approached te bike and checked it out. \"What is this, a zombieB, would you look at that, it's nice\" Johnny said, still imitating 'Edbassmaster'. \"yes, but I nee\" Methistopheles began, but was inturrupted by Johnny's, still 'edbassmaster's voice saying, \"Serious, just look at it\". \"SHUT UP!\" Methistopheles cried angrily. \"Okay okay\" Johnny said, in his normal voice. \"As I was about to say... I'm going to need you take down some villains, on my behalf\" Methistopheles said. Johnny was already sitting down on the bike. \"Well I love the bike, but I'll have to not accept such an dangerous offer\" Johnny said in response. \"You don't have a choice\" Methistopheles said with a evil grin. And then he hit his large staff again the ground, the same way Nany Micfee dose. Suddenly the bike started moving in extereme speed. Johnny was heard screaming like a scared little the whole time. The bike was racing through the town cutting huge holes in the highway road. At one point a cop tired checking the speed meter, but when Johnny's bike reached him it liturary sent him flying 20 feet, and when the cop got back up, all he could do was stare at the speeding off bike in shock. Blackheart, Gressel, Abigor and Willow reached a particaler part of the town. \"HEY! YOU CANT BE HERE!\" A night guard called to them. But when the four turned around, he seemed to become scared. Either he new who and what they were, or not, is anybodys guess. \"There were tumbstones here, where are they\" Blackheart ordered. The man neevous tired thinking as they all crowded around him, irritatingly. \"They, were moved... Not sure why... Look, you shouldn't be here\" the man said nervously. \"That's what they keep telling me\" Blackheart said, before cruelly killing the poor man. Johnny's bike flew him into a back room, and liturary flew Johnny off it, and onto the hard ground. As he was getting up, his eyes were liturary smoking. And he could barely walk as his feet burning. Johnny was seen screaming and running around in panic. Until finally falling to his knees. Sobbing intensely as his whole face was smoking. Parts of his was staring to burn up, and while containued his sobbing, he was also begining slightly laugh menicingly. At this point almost his whole face was burning. And Johnny was laughing evily, even it lead him to cry out \"WHY THE HELL AM I LAUGHING!\" From here, Johnny's entire face was intensely burning. And in between Johnny's mixs of painful screams and evil laughs, he managed to shout out, \" OH GOD, THIS IS SUCH A HOT EXPIRENCE!\" before containuing his screams as saw his hands burning up. Finally, the transformation was complete. Johnny was now, a Ghost rider. That had his skull. Floating on top of a large fire ontop of his head, and his hands were turned to bones as well. The Ghost rider unleashed a animal like roar. Ghost rider met up with Blackheart and his gang. \"A rider... Why am I not serprised\" Blackheart said. Ghost Rider stepped on the road in between him and blackheart. And pointed at Blackheart threatingly. And began saying, in a deep unhumanly voice. \"You shall- But before even finishing the sentence, he was liturary crushed by a huge pick up truck, quickly smashing him against the wall. 'that was easy' Blackheart thought to himself, with a grin. Gressel, revealing to be the driver, sarcasstically mocked the rider for being 'not so tough after all'. Gressel jumped out the truck, closed the door, and had a sudden earge to rub both his eyes with his hands. But when he finally reopened them, Ghost Rider liturary appeared 2 feet in front of him, carzing Gressel to sqeal in serprise and shock. \"YOU DEMONLY PIECE OF SHIT!\" Ghost rider cried out, before giving Gressel the 'Spartin kick'. (it was even done in brief slow motion, as that whole guitar ring was heard, joing scenes like this in the movie). \"Time to CHAIN things up!\" Ghost rider said in the background, as Gressel was shown getting up, enough to turn to Ghost rider, but still to weak to stand up and run, or something. Ghost rider started pulling out a chain... Only it was extermily long, and didn't seem to end. ONE HOUR LATER! \"Wait, almost got it\" Ghost rider said, catching his breath, and still trying to pull out the chain. AFTER ONE OTHER HOUR! \"GOT IT!\" Ghost rider cried happily, having finally pulled out the whole chain, and quickly light it on fire, to use on Gressel. \"Have mercy\" Gressel bagged. \"Sorry, all out of mercy\" Ghost rider replied coldly. Ghost rider started using the chain, as if he were a cowboy using a rope. And quickly tied it around Gressel. Who was unable to resist the force. And with a dramatic scream of \"NNNNOOOOOOO!\" His body figure was destoried, leaving only his spirit, earth, or hardened sand if you prefer. Witch Ghost rider purposely broke, as threw his chain back, turning the 'what remains of Gressel' into nothing more but a large pile earth. \"That's what I call a BROKEN PERSONALITY\" Ghost rider joked, sadistically. Ghost rider whistled with his fingers, and as if it were a dog, his bike came over to him. Suddenly a random guy came to the scene, complaining whistling without lips or whatever isn't psyically possible, but Ghost rider said that so is being a giant talking skull floating ontop of fire. As he drove through the night, Ghost witnessed a woman being mugged, and approached crinimal, telling him to look in his eyes. The crinimal saw a flashback of his many crimes, and by the time it ended his eyes were shown as coal, or whatever. Ghost rider approached a grave yard arrear, and at this time the sun came painfully turning him back to Johnny Blaze, who fainted infront of a tumbstone, just after seeing a shadowy male staring down at him, saying \"What have we got here\" before spitting. Well thus ends the chapter. Jeez that was possibly the longest one I ever made on here, but it was also the most thought out, of the whole story so far, so I hope it was good... I know what your probably thinking. YOU: Connor, call THAT the longest you made, clearly you don't have good story langths... And work on your damn spelling sometimes. If so, YOU SUCK!, just kidding, but I was never good at chapter langths. Oh and the part about Gressel that explains to Gressel, is all from a enscopedia like site I found for Ghost rider characters. It's also were I got the names, and how I learned of Gressel, Willow and Abigor being particaler SPIRITS. And I also got infomation from Plot summaries and stuff. Here's a interesting fact I learned.. The appearently the \"Pencense stare\" as it's called, the one used on the mugger and Blackheart after becoming Legion. Appearently it dosen't just kill you like the orginal plot says, but appearently ment to 'burn your soul', I was never told directly what that ment, only it's WORSE then death. As it leaves them in a Catatonic state. I had no idea what a 'Catatonic state' means, and STILL don't after looking it up on wikipedia. Only that, the individual experience an extreme loss of motor skills or even constant hyperactive motor activity. Catatonic patients will sometimes hold rigid poses for hours and will ignore any external stimuli. Patients with catatonic excitement can suffer from exhaustion if not treated. Patients may also show stereotyped, repetitive movements. And that its some kind of mental illness. Anyway... Please leave review.[Chapter 4] CHAPTER 4 The 'Caretaker' was shown watching tv. As the voice on it said \"We now return to ZOMBIELAND\". FROM ON THE TV: Bill Murrey was pretending to be a zombie. \"OH SHIT!\" Columbis cried out, grabbing his double barrel shotgun. And was about to fire it. \"WAIT! WAIT! WAIT! It's me! Bill Murrey!\" Bill cried,taking off his zombie mask. Columbis stared at him a long while, and then shot him anyway. Carzing Bill to release a female scream before falling. \"I don't know what the big deal, about this movie, is\" the Caretaker groaned. \"lets see what else is on\" he said fliping the channel. FROM TV. \"Now, back to, SAW\" FROM ON THE TV: Liturary, shows a large hand saw laying on top of a wooden table. \"God, there is nothing on, today\" the Caretaker groaned, flipping off the tv . At this point, the Caretaker, saw Johnny come in. \"Aww... Finally awake\" the caretaker greeted him. \"I don't know HOW and WHY I'm here. But I had a really mussed up dream, last night\" Johnny replied. \"It was no dream... And WILL happen again\" the Caretaker told him. \"Why?\" Johnny asked. The caretaker told Johnny, about being the devil's bounty hunter, and will transform everytime evil spirits are present. \"So... Why did I become that thing?\" Johnny asked. \"I just finished telling... (sighs in annoyance)... (talks to Johnny, like he's four) You, become firehead, because king of fireland, want you killing, bad people\" \"Yay\" Johnny said in a childish voice, and jumping and clapping like a idiot. SKIP TO WHEN, JOHNNY MEETS UP WITH THE GRL HE WAS SUPPOSE TO GO OUT WITH, LAST NIGHT (I got her name right this time). \"Raxenna, I'm sorry... Something came up\" Johnny cried to her sadly. \"Oh, let me guess, got obsessed with anouther fanfiction story\" Raxenna groaned. \"Come on! It was 'Doom' but with humalized penguins, HOW CAN YOU NOT FIND THAT AWSOME!\" Johnny cried. (real story) . Raxenna was still refuseing to forgive him, even saying \"My dad was right about you... I can't believe I thought I loved you\" These words really seemed to hurt Johnny, as he soon left. End of chapter, please leave reviews.[Chapter 5] CHAPTER 5 Sorry for the wait, been kind of busy with other stories.. Johnny was shown in his apartment. Using a controller, seeming to play a video game. And filled most of the coach he was sitting on, with various empty chip bags and pop cans. Mach came into view. \"Johnny have you even been outside yet?\" he asked. \"I can't... I got important work related stuff to do\" Johnny said, not even looking away from the tv. \"What stuff! You've been playing grand theft auto the last three hours!\" Mach said annoyedly. \"Not just ANY grand theft auto, but the Ballad of Gay Tony\" Johnny said happily. \"Ya but- Johnny interrupted him, by immaturely screaming \"BALLAD OF GAY TONY!\" as if making some kind of point. IN GAME: Luis, is shown repeatedly beating a body with a baseball bat, but not doing anything else. \"Johnny... You do realize you've been doing that very same motion, for literary, the WHOLE time you've been playing\" Mach said. Johnny didn't reply. Mach groaned annoyedly and left. IN GAME: Luis, grabs a guy out of his car, beats him angrily, throws him down, steals the car, and drives off with it. LATER IN THE GAME: Luis burst into a hospital with a huge MG gun. He liturary started shooting everybody, for no appearent reason. Suddenly, though it wasn't what Johnny commanded, Luis threw down the gun in anger WOW! WOW! wow wow wow wow wow! WOW!... Wow, wow wow... Why the hell am I doing this... WHY YOU MAKING DO THIS!\" Luis cried angrily. \"Wow, me?\" Johnny asked. \"YA YOU! Why are you making do this\" Luis cried, from the screen. Luis containued nagging him about how evil minded he must be. \"God damn it, I HATE WHEN CHARACTERS START BREAKING THE FOUR WALL ON ME!\" Johnny screamed, angrily turning off the Xbox system. Suddenly there was a knock on the door. Johnny opened the door only to see Roxinna. \"Hi\" she said. Johnny smiled awkwardly. \"Lesson... I've came to apologize about what I said yesterday\" Roxinna said. Johnny didn't reply. Lesson though... Why have you been acting so strange lately?\" Roxinna asked. Johnny sighed. \"Alright... I... Am a ghost rider\" Johnny said. Roxinna gave a blank stare of not understanding. \"Every night... I become a awesome firehead skull.. That kicks ass with his... He just dose, okay!\" Johnny said. \"So, that's how it is... You have to make up make up stories, because you don't want to be with me\" Roxinna said annoyedly. \"Okay, your asking for it\" Johnny said. \"Flame on!\" He cried and suddenly switched into the ghost rider, liturary, wait in front of her. \"Believe me now?\" he asked in the ghost riders animal like voice. \"not really\" Roxinna admitted. \"BUT I'M SHOWING TO YOU, WAIT KNOW!\" Ghost rider screamed angrily. Roxinna gave a annoyed face of not believing him. Ghost rider got super pissed at her. Roxinna is shown getting thrown out of the window. But seconds later it reveals that it was only a vision, Roxinna is still in the same spot. Angrily, ghost rider left. End of chapter, please leave reviews...[Chapter 6] CHAPTER 6 Shortly after angrily getting away from Roxinna. Johnny was still jogging along a pathway. Suddenly a police van pulled infront of him. The cops threw a bag over his head and started beating him up for no appearent reason. Than they threw him in the back of the van. (it's suppose to be a reference to that part in Family guy, when random guys, randomly throw a bag over Peter's head and randomly beat him before tossing him in their car). Once inside the van, Johnny had the bag taken off his head. He saw a police Sargent. \"What the hell!\" Johnny cried. \"We're putting you under arrest\" the sargent. \"You could of done that WITHOUT beating me up\" Johnny said. \"Ya well.. It's how we get our kicks\" the sargent said. \"Oh you gave KICKS alright\" Johnny groaned painfully. \"QUITE!\" the Sargent screamed, before tazering Johnny. \"OOOWWW! WHY DID YOU THAT!\" Johnny screamed. \"Because I wanted too... Now lesson Johnny Blaze, when we get out of this van, we're sending straight to a cell\" the police Sargent infromed Johnny. \"What am I under arrest for?' Johnny asked. \"We're convinced it's YOUR fault for all the road damage a few nights ago\" the police Sargent answered. \"I don't even get to have a court order about it?\" Johnny asked worriedly. \"Oh ya... Court... Of corse there's a court order\" the police Sargent said. \"GUILTY!\" The court judge said, banning his small hammer on his desk. \"But come on! I never even said anything, I just walked in, literary!\" Johnny complained. Suddenly there was a gunshot heard, and Johnny screamed in pain as he was hit in the arm. \"WHY DID YOU F***IN SHOOT ME!\" Johnny screamed to a mysterious man, behind him, who was holding a pistol. \"because I'm a weird creepy guy with a gun\" the mysterious man replied. Johnny was thrown harshly into a cell. He saw bunch of muscular prisoners start to cycle around him. They started angrily saying they lost so much money, betting he would DIE joining those stunts of his. They all started beating him up. With carzed Johnny to begin strangly laughing. One kid tired defending Johnny, but was knocked out. They all started kicking Johnny as he was down. Until finally, he burst up as Ghost Rider. The explosion it carzed killed all the prisioneers except the one that punched out the other kid. The prisoner looked the ghost rider in shock and fear. \"That's right bitch... and I give you- Ghost rider stopped as the prisoner looked away, trying to get away. Ghost rider picked him up threateningly, them look face to face before Ghost rider ended his sentense. \" HEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEELL! \" Ghost rider screamed in the prisoners face\" Ghost Rider then threw the guy down, wait before stealing his jacket. Witch he was able to put spikes come out the shoulders of. The Ghost Rider then started escaping, but stopped in front of the kid that defended him eariler, calling him innocent before leaving. After he did, the kid fainted from shock. A policeman saw Ghost Rider escaping. He cart up with him and smashed the butt of a shotgun on his mouth, witch Ghost Rider, fixed up his broken jaw. He simply moved his finger in 'no no no' motion, and then got on his bike. And with a supernatural like laugh, he drove off. Blackheart, Abigor and Willow stopped in there tracks as they heard distant sounds. \"He's coming\" Abigor said. \"Abigor... You know what to do\" Abigor gave a evil smile, and burst into the air as WIND! Abigor as the went grabbed Ghost Rider and carried both of them on top of a large building. Ghost Rider kept trying to catch Abigor with his chain. \"Don't you get it rider, you can not touch the wind\" Abigor said laughing. This gave Ghost Rider an idea. He started spinning firechain around and around making a cyclone around Abigor with eventually carzed him to scream \"NNOOOO!\" dramatically and blow up basically. \"I guess he couldn't handle the BREEZE\" Ghost Rider said sadtisically. I never got to see what happened after this particaler part. So I'll end the chapter here. Next chapter will skip to when Blackheart kills Mach and all that that. Tell then, please leave reviews :)[Chapter 7] I'll skip to when Johnny comes home to his apartment, only to find Blackheart using Roxinna as a hostage. \"Well, isn't this a pleasant way to get home\" Johnny sarcasstically joked. \"Shut up, don't think I wo- but before Blackheart finished, Johnny was already turned into Ghost rider and grabbed him. \"Look into my eyes!\" Ghost rider cried. \"Haha... Nice try rider, I have no soul to burn\" Blackheart said laughing. \"Is that why your all blue?\" Ghost rider asked. \"No, I just over did it on the stake, when I five.. Who knew after five or six, my dad would stop me by putting hair gel in it\" Blackheart replied. awkward silence. \"Anyway, later tonight, come with the deed of a thousand souls\" Blackheart said. And then left, dragging a tied up Roxinna with him. Not long after, Johnny was shown watching tv. But then remembered what danger Roxinna was in and started heading to the caretaker for help. \"No way Connor, I'm not doing nothing... I'm just going to sit and watch television\" Johnny, pretended to be saying that, but- (Johnny turns the tv up louder, with a angry looking face. Johnny tried ignoring everything with TV! But his conscience told him that- \"Okay! fine! I'll go!\" LATER! Johnny was shown in the graveyard, where the caretaker was. The caretaker turned around and saw Johnny. \"I need the deed of a thousand souls\" Johnny said. \"fine\" caretaker said picking up a shelve, breaking it in half revealing the deed hidden inside. \"Oh my god, a rolled piece of paper, how interesting\" Johnny said jumping up and down with joy. \"Did you fall on your head as baby?\" Caretaker asked annoyedly. \"Several times\" Johnny replied. \"How many times?\" caretaker asked. \"Lets just say... My mom had slippery hands\" Johnny replied. Awkward silence. \"Guess what, I'm a ghost rider\" caretaker said randomly. \"Guess what, I'm a 29 year old vergin\" Johnny said. Caretaker stared at him, then randomly broke his nose with his fist. \"Why!\" Johnny cried in pain. Caretaker didn't reply. \"Anyway, want to see my ghost rider self?\" caretaker asked. \"Hell ya! I do!\" Johnny cried. \"Don't say that\" caretaker said annoyedly. Johnny nodded, abit embarrassed. \"Flame on!\" caretaker cried, turning into his ghost rider form, revealing to be that cowboy one from, mentioned in the begining of the story. \"Nice!\" Johnny cried excitedly. \"I know it's... OH SHIT! I'M ON FIRE!\" caretaker cried in fear, and started running around in panic. \"oh ya, that joke has never been used\" Johnny cried to him in a sarcasstic voice. After a dramatic ride together the two riders reached the area Johnny was to meet Blackheart. The caretaker left, leaving Johnny by himself. Well, that's I got ): Please leave reviews :)[Chapter 8] Well, here is the final chapter.. I hope everybody enjoyed the story... Johnny was riding his bike though swamp water. Suddenly he was grabbed into the water by Willow. Johnny kept struggling to get up, but Willow held him down roaring and revealing huge, monstrous fangs. Before long Johnny closed his eyes, and appeared dead. Willow grinned evilly and prepared to finish him, by eating him or whatever. \"SERPRISE!\" Johnny said in Ghostrider's monstrous deep voice, and reopened his eyes showing them, glowing yellow, as if on fire. With that, Johnny transformed instantly into Ghostrider. Evaperating the water, along with Willow, who was part of it. \"Guess he couldn't handle the HEAT! Huh huh\" Ghost rider said, seeing if anyone (reading) found him funny. But nobody probably did. \"Screw you guys! It's funny!\" Ghost rider said, in a childish voice. ABIT LATER! Johnny appeared at the spot where Blackheart was keeping Roxinna. \"Ahh, there he is\" Blackheart said grinning evilly, but still holding Roxinna at gun point. \"Let her go, or the paper gets it!\" Johnny said, getting ready to burn down thwe deed with a lighter. \"Haha, go ahead, do it, and when you do, I'll shoot her!\" Blackheart cried. \"You shoot her, and I burn the paper!\" \"Haha! This is me laughing! You burn the paper! And I shoot your girl!\" Blackheart cried back. Roxinna was shown looking annoyed and tired. (Blackheart and Johnny in the background \"You don't have the guts to shoot her blue boy!\" \"Yes I do!\" \"No you don't!\" \"Yes I DO!\") \"Oh boy\" Roxinna groaned annoyedly. FIVE HOURS LATER! \"I'm not F***in kiddin, I will burn down this deed, if you even THINK of killing her!\" Johnny said, tiredly, and still holding the deed, in possession of being burned down by his lighter. \"You go ahead and try it! If you do, I will kill her, won't even think twice about it\" Blackheart said, also looking tired from all the time spent on this \"routine\" of their's. \"Gasp! How can you even think of such a thing!\" Johnny cried, in shock. \"Hello, (points to himself with both hands) , villan\" Blackheart said annoyedly. LATER AGAIN! Blackheart grabbing for the deed. \"SPARRRRRTA!\" Johnny cried, as he turned into Ghost Rider and kicked Blackheart several feet away. Blackheart ran back, and cried out, \"I will give you nothing, but take from you, everything!\" \"Bring it on, B-outch!\" Ghost rider cried back. \"OH MY GOD!\" Blackheart cried, pointing behind Johnny. \"What?\" Johnny cried, looking behind him, allowing Blackheart to easily grab the deed of a thousand souls. He then kicked Johnny away from him. When Johnny landed, the saw end shotgun landed next to him, reminding Johnny he had it this entire time. \"I probably should of used that when I could of\" Johnny groaned. Blackheart looked at the deed, then cried to the spirits, \"All of you! Come to meeeeee!\" and with that a thousand souls came over to be controlled by Blackheart, eventually it turned into a a new type of monster. \"I, am, Legion, for we are, manyyy!\" the creature said, with the sound of many voices. \"SHUTT! UUPPP!\" Johnny cried to it in the background, than Legion was shot by a unnecessarily fired bullet from the shotgun. I actually don't any ideas for jokes, for the fight against Legion, so I'll skip past it. To when Methionline (or whatever, I'll just call him, Meth, save time)... Meets Johnny and Roxinna. Willing to release the corse. \"Are you, Insannne! Why would I let go of hothead, I will take curse, and make it my own ability.. I will forever, remain, A SPIRIT OF VEN- Before Johnny finished, he was ran over by a random car. Meth and Roxinna looked over, seeing if he was okay. \"I'm good, still immortal, so, ya, still good\" Johnny said from out of view. \"YOU SHALL PAY FOR THIS!\" Meth cried, then with a dramatic explosion like cloud, he made himself vanish. \"Alright, story is over, only one thing to do\" Johnny said. \"Oh, god, please don't play that Metallica song, again\" Roxinna groaned. \"TO LATE!\" Johnny cried happily, and started playing it. (solo 1) I, Don't, know! How to live though this hell! Woken, up! I'm still locked in this shell! Frozen, soul! Frozen down to the core! Break, the, ice! I can't tak. It anymore! FREAZING! (freazing!) Can't move at all! SCREAMING! (screaming!) Can't hear my call! I, Am dying to live! CRY OUT! I'm trapped under ice! (solo 2) Crys,tal,lized! As I lay here and rest! Eyes, of, glass! Stare directly at death! From, deep, sleep! I have broken away! No, one knows! No one hears what I say! FREAZING (freazing!) Can't move at all! SCREAMING! (screaming!) Can't hear my call! I, am dying to live! CRY OUT! I'm trapped under ice! SCREAM! From my soul! FATE! Mystified! HELL! Further more! SCREAM! From my soul! FATE! Myztified! HELL? Further more! (solo 3) No, release! From my cryonic state! What, is this? I've stricken by fate! Wrapped, up, tight! Can't move, can't break free! Hand, of, doom! Has a tight on me! FREAZING! (freazing!) Can't move at all! SCREAMING! (screaming!) Can't hear my call! I, am dying to live! CRY OUT! I'm trapped under ice! FREAZING! (Freazing!) Can't move at all! SCREAMING! (screaming!) Can't hear my call! I, am dying to live! CRY OUT! I'm trapped under ice! (hissss) Well, as said by Johnny, that is the end of the story.. I hope it was enjoyed, please leave reviews :) Oh, and leave your impressions of the song, it's one of my TOP favorite! And I've been I have been killing myself to involve it in this story, for a long time know.. love how Hetfield sings it, with his voice in the Ride the Lightening album, that's possibly my favorite virson of his voice.. Anyone, know what I mean? ","Summary":" Here I go, finally tempting season 3 of my spoofs... It's been a really long time, since tired for "},{"Movie":"Dracula Untold","Title":"Dragons and Devils","Author":"Nikradical","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10752821","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: I'm very sorry to keep everyone waiting! I'll skip the excuses and just tell you flat out that I'm mending some of the previous chapters that I've already written to make everything smoother for everyone. The plot is the same, just with some better descriptions and minor additions. As per usual, thanks so much for the reviews, favorites, and follows! He glared internally at the screaming panels above him. As the bus rode over each rock of asphalt, the dimly lit cabin erupted into noise. No one else seemed to care. Popular pop music hummed at the front of the bus. The young man watched the black streak of the street pass by. He struggled to remain standing as gravity shifted to the front of the bus. It stopped and the doors opened to the night. He sat down before the driver could push the gas again. A woman ushered past him to leave. He obliged quietly. She thanked him and stepped carefully down the stairs. Aside from the driver, only three people stayed on the vehicle. The bus picked up speed again and Darek put his arm against the window for a make-shift pillow. He One more stop. He thought. His free hand gripped the handle on the back of the seat next to him a little tighter in happiness that the ride was almost over. It didn't matter if he was an adult, riding the bus always made him wary. He didn't mind them; riding in one, not so much. The reason for his visit wasn't pleasant. Three weeks earlier, his parents had asked for his help in moving their possessions to a home closer to town. A week later, he found himself packing their belongings before calling the funeral home. The only answer; mauled. The only question; why. His father worked as an historian at the local museum while his mother was an assistant manager at the florist. Darek's mind wandered as he shut his eyes. Thoughts of random stories flipped through his mind, never staying long enough for him to think about them. A bright light shot into his closed eyes, and his head hit glass before they could open. When he did, the light was gone. Somewhere behind him, one of the lights flickered quietly. All he could see was the sporadic falling of sparks and a dark object covering most of his field of vision. Fuel and blood were all he could smell and his back ached from the strange position he now lay in. It was several seconds until it occurred to him what had transpired. More sparks rained next to his feet. Moving of their own accord, his left hand reached for something to grab onto in the darkness. However, nothing felt in his reach. He leaned to his side and gasped. Whatever stopped him from moving dug into his side painfully. His left hand touched metal sticking out from just to the right and below his right lung. \"Help,\" He called hoarsely, barely hearing himself. Only the sparks responded. Above him, the silver boards creaked slightly as something hard made contact with the steel prison. His heart raced in response, causing his head to pound. Several seconds passed and the adrenaline rush faded. His mind grew thick from the loss of blood but he forced himself awake. Nearby, a the sound of grinding aluminum entered his ears and he jumped awake slightly, alert. Purposeful footsteps made their way through the ruble to him. Above Darek, a pole snapped; causing the unstable steel to fall several inches before crashing to a grinding halt. \"Over here.\" He whispered. Darek groggily looked around, hoping to see the person. It wasn't long before the silhouette of a man stood above him. Darek thought he saw the eyes of his savior flash red from the sparks. The man paused and knelt down, his face obviously pale, yet managed to hide its features. Darek looked past him at the ceiling as the metal finally fell.[Chapter 2] The man followed his gaze too late as the missile shot onto him. Darek's eyes went wide and he opened his mouth in a shocked gasp as it embedded itself into the man's shoulder above him. His eyes met with the man's and the eyes looked strangely back. The man groaned and moved, causing the wound to spill through his clothes. He stood and the liquid fell onto Darek. A few drops made their way to his face and he coughed as some touched the back of his throat. He choked in surprise and closed his lips. He heard the footsteps stumble back and the shuttering of metal hitting the floor. Darek swallowed, his mouth dry. He opened his eyes again to hands lifting something off him. A hiss escaped his throat. It had never come across his mind that something had held him down. \"Ahh! Don't move it, please!\" He cried quietly. The man continued as Darek whimpered, looking at nothing in the dark space. \"I have to. We need to leave.\" He pressed. Less than a second after the debris was off of Darek, he felt the ground shy away from him. His cry of pain shook what was left of the windows before the man shh'd him. \"I-my-my side.\" He said shakily. His head hurt from the swift change in position and his body burned. The man put Darek's arm over his shoulder as the two made for the nearest exit. Darek took a step and his legs buckled as he blacked out. Sensing the boy's incomprehensive state, Vlad picked him up and carried him effortlessly out of the crash site. He rounded a corner of the nearest building in the quiet neighborhood and set the boy down. In the distance, sirens sang. The prince looked around in search of a proper resting spot. Standing, Vlad rolled his shoulders. The ache in his back had diminished but he still grew wary at the thought of him being so careless. Years without combat have made me careless. He sighed and looked down at the boy. He must have been no older than 20. What had made Vlad save him was his resemblance to his son, Ingeras. As if he could see Vlad watching him, the boy's eyes shot open. Vlad put his hands out to signal that he was a friend. \"Where do you live?\" He asked quietly. The boy's eyes darted everywhere in fear before his eyelids drooped. \"Where?\" The prince repeated. \"12…445 east…. Um, east lake…\" The rest of whatever he said became lost as he drifted back to sleep. Vlad watched him for another moment before lifting him up and taking him home. After a couple of blocks, they finally reached the boy's home. The neighborhood was nice. He apparently lived in a house too big for one person. Vlad set his companion down and searched through his pockets for keys. He quickly found them and opened the door. All of the lights were off, but Vlad found his way in the dark easily. Without disturbing the sleeping victim, Vlad placed him gently on the couch as he waited for him to wake up. In the time it took for the young man to regain consciousness, prince Vlad spent his time roaming the house. It had three bedrooms and two baths, one in the master bedroom. Vlad wondered how he was able to obtain such a large house if only he occupied it. In one room, boxes littered the floor, many labeled \"mom's\" or \"dad's\". Vlad eventually found himself in the living room again, sitting next to the stranger he saved. The sound of his heartbeat slowed and Vlad almost thought he was dying but then he moved. \"Wha…\" Vlad stepped back soundlessly as the boy woke. Darek heard the sound of footsteps again, this time louder. He opened his eyes to see the ceiling staring back at him. He somehow made it to his house- his parent's house. The living room wasn't as dark as he thought it would be. Was it daytime? He looked around as he sat up slowly. How did I get here? Wasn't I in a car accident? It was then that he remembered his side was injured. Without thinking, his right hand tenderly touched the phantom wound. He turned his head and saw the same man who helped him on the bus. As his identity registered in Darek's mind, the touch of his hand felt nothing but confusion. For a moment, Darek shifted his glance from the man to himself. Under the bloodstained shirt revealed nothing but healthy skin. His eyes begged for an explanation until he returned his gaze to the stranger in his living room. \"What's wrong with me?\" Was the million dollar question. He hadn't meant it to come out so degrading. The figure stepped closer to him and suddenly flashed white and black before he resumed the figure of flesh. Darek blinked and jumped back in surprise. The man slowed his movements but continued to approach him.[Chapter 3] The two spent the day inside. Darek soaked in as much information as possible, however, it wasn't long before he began to feel anxious. His worn tennis shoes retraced their steps as he paced the room for several minutes at a time while Vlad spoke. \"…So, what do I do? I don't even know if this is real. What if I'm still on the bus sleeping or whatever, and all of this is just my subconscious trying to entertain itself?\" He questioned. For once, he paused and looked to the lightened window. The daylight watched hungrily behind the thick curtains. Darek took a step toward the door and felt a hand stop him. He knew who it belonged to but still looked at its owner, frustrated. \"Don't do something you'll regret.\" Vlad warned. Darek had half a mind to rebel and shove the advice away. Instead, he turned stoicly and walked to the kitchen. It didn't occur until then how famished and parched he was. He heard Vlad follow him but refused to acknowledge his presence, still annoyed. The young man looked through the fridge and cabinets. What he saw displeased him and he restarted the cycle. Vlad smiled and looked absently at the design on the table. \"I've been telling you about me for the majority of our conversations. I think it's about time I learned more about you.\" The prince opened. Still rummaging, Darek's red-tinted eyes searched every crevasse of each storage for what he wanted. \"You want blood, boy. There's no use in looking for it there.\" Dracula laughed quietly. After another five seconds, Darek gave in and huffed loudly. Vlad continued on the topic. \"Do you have a job?\" The elder vampire asked. Darek sat down harshly and rubbed his temples. \"No.\" Vlad waited for a response that wouldn't come. \"Were you fired?\" Darek heard. He laughed humorously. \"No.\" He put his hands on the table and tiredly looked up at Vlad, who gazed at him; curious. As Vlad opened his mouth to speak, Darek interrupted him. \"I don't want to talk about it.\" The boy stood up to leave when Vlad followed suit. The prince started to apologize. \"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to offend you. I merely-\" Darek spun around to glare at Vlad with tear-filled eyes. \"I quit my job because my boss threatened to fire me. I quit because he wouldn't let me take time off to go to my parent's funeral. And if you're wondering, they died less than a fucking week ago from an animal attack!\" Vlad stiffened as the words bit into him. Memories from a few nights before rushed to his eyes. Darek held his stare for less than a second after his outburst before leaving the wide-eyed man standing alone in his kitchen.[Chapter 4] Author's note: Hey everyone! Let me know what you'd like to see more of! I would deeply enjoy it if you could review. It keeps my world spinning in the right direction and lets me know you care :) Also, please feel free to give me constructive criticism! I know my writing is imperfect, but I'm the only one editing these chapters so it's a treat to see them from someone else's perspective. Without further stalling, have fun! Vlad watched the boy walk vulnerably upstairs. He felt what he hadn't felt in years- guilt. His hands numbly grabbed onto the dining room chair he had sat in moments earlier. He knew what killed the boy's parents. A bloodthirsty monster. His thoughts jumped back to his son losing his parents. Ingeras watching his own father burn in sunlight, only to be taken back home where his mother's dried corpse lay. Vlad scowled at the disgusting creature he had become. Centuries of murdering innocents to satiate his own desire. He clenched his fist, avoiding the urge to destroy the closest thing to him. The familiar hunger rose with each passing minute he thought about himself. It created a paradox- the thing he had loathed grew more powerful the more he tried to bury it. A loud exclamation rang from upstairs, followed by cursing. By the time Vlad reached the staircase, glass broke. Thin rays of setting sunlight escaped from one of the rooms and shown onto the floor of the hallway. He easily avoided it but pressed on cautiously toward the noise. One door hung slightly open, luring the vampire in. As if on cue with eye contact on the door, it swung open quickly, revealing surprised eyes. \"Uh…\" The boy explained awkwardly. Vlad adopted a puzzled face and looked past him. \"I heard a noise. Are you alright?\" He said, confused by Darek's calm demeanor. Darek grinned for a split second and then it disappeared. Vlad narrowed his eyes skeptically. Darek looked at him like nothing was wrong. \"What noise?\" He shook his head and shrugged his shoulders in a perfect display of obvious deception. Vlad took a deliberate and challenging step forward, calling Darek out on his bluff. The shorter man ducked down instinctively and submitted. \"Ok, ok! I was looking for something in my dad's stuff and I found a really cool looking coin collection. When I picked it up, it burned,\" He pulled on the door and it swung on the hinge. Shards of glass littered the carpet. The silver casing shown blindingly across the room. Most of it was wood, however, but the unmistakable shine of metalwork woven throughout provided enough evidence for Vlad. \"What did I tell you about silver?\" Vlad asked, smiling in an \"I-told-you-so\" manner. Darek looked down and smiled with him. \"Master said 'don't touch silver, it burns'.\" He joked playfully in a funny voice. Vlad laughed and lifted his gaze to the orange and red tint coming from the window. He swallowed and backed up out of the room. \"Come on, let's get some fresh air.\" He said. Darek followed Vlad down the stairs and outside into the twilight. Vlad heard a lungful of air sigh after being inside all day. He himself inhaled pleasantly. The air hugged them warmly, accepting them. Vlad looked back to his companion until he was ready to go. Vlad felt a sense of protection wash over himself as he waited for Darek to reach him. The pair walked leisurely away from the middle of downtown. The cool caresses of air passed them. Darek immediately started the conversation. \"So, where're we goin'?\" He asked curiously. His excitement grew until it was radiating off of him. He attempted to recall what Vlad had said earlier. \"Now, listen.\" A pale hand entered his field of vision. Darek looked up from his new and glanced at the elder vampire before being distracted by everything else in the room. He had never realized how dark his parent's house was. Every knick-knack, every picture frame, every piece of furniture had some dark shade of green, red, or grey. A little voice in the back of his head whispered questions systematically; one right after the other, dying to be heard. Of course it took him a few moments to process the recent events, however, a part of him trusted Vlad and accepted most of what he had to say. Most. \"Ingeras-Darek!\" He heard, Vlad correcting himself mid-sentence. That caught Darek's attention. Vlad shifted his gaze just before their eyes met and cleared his throat. \"Who's ing -gerus?\" Darek asked, confused. Vlad remained stoic as he continued the \"lesson\". \"You need to listen to me when I tell you what you need to know. If it were a few hundred years earlier, we would have to be more careful when we roam around in public. Now, the sun will burn you if you touch it, and if you're in it long enough, it will kill you.\" Darek nodded, hiding his skepticism. \"What about blood?\" The skeptic replied. Vlad sat up, despite the already stiff posture of a prince he wore. \"Until I can trust you to not abuse your power, I will help you feed for the time being.\" Merely mentioning the topic sent his heart racing. Dracula walked in front of Darek, trying to be obvious. Darek almost walked into him. Vlad smiled as the boy blinked several times, returning to the present. He searched for the reason as to why Darek had been enveloped in his thoughts. \"Hello?\" He repeated tenderly. Dracula saw Darek's eyes glimmer in hunger as he forced himself to not pay attention to what his body craved. \"I'm sorry, I wasn't paying attention.\" He managed. Vlad gave a half laugh before responding. \"I said, I'm going to teach you how to fight,\" Darek raised his eyebrows in shock before letting them fall back to their original positions as Vlad continued. \"and fly; depending on how well you know how to defend yourself.\"[Chapter 5] AN: Hallo! I'd like to thank each and every one of you for taking the time of your day to get this far in the story! It would certainly make my day if you reviewed at the end of this chapter, I certainly gave you a nice reason to ;) \"Again.\" Another command sounded. Again. Again. Darek found it easier to ignore what Vlad said… until the man made him regret the action as he found himself in the dirt again. \"hmmph.\" Vlad heard come out of the ground next to Darek's mouth. All Vlad did was smile and wait for the annoyed response to become words. As if he read Vlad's mind, Darek groaned. \"Why do I even have to know this crap?\" His arms pushed the rocks beneath him up off the ground. He brushed his clothes off uselessly. Vlad straightened up from his defensive position to give another tip. \"You won't always be able to escape a situation easily without violence and I want to make sure everyone involved is relatively untraumatised. Which is why you must only use flight as a last resort-\" \"Why?\" Darek interrupted. Vlad sighed softly and continued. \"because the longer we hide that which they won't believe, the more time we have to be ourselves. If I showed myself to a random stranger in the street and let them live, the most likely of places to find them in the future is a mental hospital. I've been in that position more than I care to count. The less I have to kill them unnecessarily, the better I will feel. Which reminds me,\" Vlad motioned to his jugular. \"Never be obvious. Try to make their death as quick and painless as possible. They pay enough with their lives.\" Darek saw the topic weigh heavily on Vlad. Darek thought he saw guilt, pain, and contempt before Vlad's eyes flashed to the present. Quickly hiding his curiosity, Darek changed the subject. \"Again.\" He commanded mischievously, readying his stance awkwardly. This time, Vlad lunged forward. At the time he was meant to crash into the boy, the familiar touch and sound of bats surrounded him. Less than a millisecond later, the dirt finally felt his chest for the first time since they began. When he looked up, Darek stood wide-eyed and grinning from ear to ear. Vlad suddenly burst out into laughter and Darek quickly joined in. Vlad nodded in defeat, stood up, and bowed to him, sending a sense of triumph to the elated student. The elder waited until the boy's guffaws quieted before speaking. \"Alright, I believe it's about time you learned how to hunt; properly.\" Vlad said, his own hunger making itself known. Darek swallowed nervously, no longer excited. Vlad sensed his reluctant thoughts and put his arm on Darek's shoulder, reassuring him. \"Don't think about it. Let your instincts take over and you'll be fine.\" He said softly, pulling Darek towards civilization. \"That's not what I'm worried about,\" Vlad heard. He felt the boy stop so he turned around to face him. \"I've never killed anyone and I don't think I want to either. Isn't there another way?\" He asked, his tone almost begging. Dracula responded with impassiveness before answering. \"You can always starve yourself until you lose control. I've found that to be worse, however.\" He confessed. The boy's conscience reminded Vlad of himself when he traded his soul to save his family; kingdom and all. Darek watched Vlad contemplate an answer as the vampire looked down. \"If… you aren't ready, I suppose we can wait a little longer.\" He said, meeting Darek's eyes in understanding. Taking a breath, darek smiled thankfully. The duo walked back the same way they came, using the quiet neighborhood to their advantage to talk more. \"What time is it?\" Darek asked. Vlad pulled the arm of his coat up to reveal an invisible watch and looked up at the night sky. \"Based on my calculations, just past 3:25.\" He smiled. Darek was preparing a jestful joke when he heard the sudden shout of a woman. He turned his head to the direction it came from. Vlad heard it also and pointed to their right at the end of the block, Darek still confused. \"Echo's are harder to pinpoint.\" Just then, a couple rounded the corner of their attention. The man stumbled as the woman pushed away from him. Her dress was in disorder from an earlier engagement. Vlad walked coolly while Darek stared at the encounter. The woman's hand flew up to slap him across the face and he struggled to remain upright. \"Ben, let go! I told you, we're done!\" The man ignored the plea and pulled her into his chest. She fought with as much force as she could muster. Vlad felt Darek's eyes staring into his back. \"Vlad, we have to do something.\" He whispered urgently. Vlad finally glanced at the scene across the street eagerly without turning around to face Darek who was right behind him. \"Let it run its course.\" He replied. Darek's eyebrows furrowed dreadfully as he watched her fight. Darek saw the man pull something out of his pocket clumsily. The dull reflection of a pistol chanted antagonizingly as the man put it next to her head. Darek's feet rushed forward as a sharp 'hey' escaped his lips. Vlad reached for him but let him go, following him. The woman stopped when she realized someone else was watching. Her tear streaked face paled as Darek walked over. The man pointed the gun in his direction, startled, despite being somewhat incoherent. \"Get away from her.\" The vampire growled protectively. The woman's eyes roamed over her savior gratefully and, very quickly, worriedly. Neither the man nor the woman noticed Vlad making his way behind them. His footsteps silent as he expertly danced in the shadows of the dimly lit street. \"Bite me.\" The man spat, not caring who – or what- he was actually talking to. The loud click from the pistol being cocked broke the silence after his threat. Darek stepped forward with hunger in his eyes as the trigger kissed metal.[Chapter 6] Vlad jumped forward to save Darek from the painful hit of a bullet, but the distance between himself and the shooter was too great and the man shot at point blank range. Nevertheless, he moved. In a disturbing quickness, the man found himself engulfed in winged knives, melding into the shape of a man. He still gripped the firearm in a vain attempt to protect his face. Darek wrapped his arm around the man's chest before they crashed to the ground together. The woman stood in shock. Vlad steered toward her. As if the scene of one man oddly connected to her ex-boyfriend's neck hadn't frightened her enough, she watched her previous attacker squirm under her savior. Vlad slowed to a walk and grabbed her upper right arm gently. Behind them, Vlad caught the scent of blood and the mumbled gargle of screams. She jumped in surprise as his cool hand touched her bare skin. He stepped in front of her to look her in the eyes. He hadn't realized how light her hair really was until the unmistakable shade of hazel-blue stared through his soul. The words he had meant to say stuck in his throat. Her heart continued to sprint in her chest as she sensed his own air of compassion in those few split seconds. She too, stared speechless; forgetting what was transpiring for a moment. His darker thoughts fought for dominance in the moments of conflicted emotions. Neither being acknowledged the dying man less than two yards away. Vlad did notice, however, the tentative opening of a door creak slowly nearby. He immediately turned to Darek's rising form. He positioned himself between the woman and the bloodied mouth of a vampire, blocking her view of him. Darek's eyes filled with disbelief at the body lying next to him as he remembered who he was. The men jerked their heads to the direction of sirens in the distance. Vlad thought of a way out of the situation and spun around to face the woman. \"This man shot himself. You never saw us. I'll explain later.\" He rushed. The woman came to her senses and quickly objected. Her eyes fluttered and she shook her head in disagreement. \"No, that's not what happened.\" She protested. He begged her with his eyes and she seemed to forget her name before giving in, albeit reluctantly. He reached for her hand quickly and kissed it in gratitude. Her cheeks reddened, tempting the monster within him once again. As quickly as he grabbed it, she felt her hand fall in despair at the loss of contact. The sirens blared louder and Vlad turned his head to glance at Darek, who nodded in understanding. The two made for the closest alleyway and vanished, leaving the confused woman to glow with red and blue lights charging towards her. The cruiser rounded the corner of Esther Road toward the location of the 911 call. Franklin and John conversed professionally about the situation. \"We've got a neighbor saying there was some yelling from a woman and a guy arguing. She said she heard a shot and then looked out to see one man eating another.\" Franklin rehearsed. Neither officer believed her but were forced to report to the situation anyways. \"Wasn't there a bus accident yesterday a couple blocks from here?\" John asked quixotically. Franklin searched his memory while he drove through the streets expertly. Then, recognition came and he nodded in agreement. \"Yea, why? You think they're connected?\" He replied. John shrugged his shoulders softly. \"Who knows, probably? Why else would there be stuff happening over here? This part of town used to be where they had those gangs. Besides, it's the perfect hunting ground for psychos.\" John turned the dash computer to his side. He searched the system for recent criminal activity and stated factually, \"Bingo.\" \"What?\" Franklin glanced at John curiously. He unconsciously slowed the car a few miles per hour to hear what John was about to say in time for them to get to their destination. \"A Mr. and Mrs. Stoker were mauled by some sort of animal last week. Doctors are awaiting autopsy results but it says they lived down the street from where we're going.\" Franklin hummed in response. \"Any family in the area?\" He asked. John scratched the stubble trying to grow on his chin and scrolled down on the page. \"Doesn't say, but I think we should check.\" \"Ok.\" Franklin sniffled quietly and turned onto the last street, pumping the gas to make up for the lost time. Just as John had said, most of the street lights stood dull above the uneven sidewalks and run down houses. Only one person stood outside, her floral dress would have been dazzling given happier circumstances. She faced them after looking in the opposite direction. The lights of the car highlighted her tear-streaked cheeks as she squinted from the intense light. Next to her, a body slept motionlessly. Franklin slowed down somewhat harshly from being in too much of a hurry. John cursed under his breath as the car stopped in front of her. The two rushed to get out. Without a second thought, they each went for the victims closest to them. The woman crossed her arms and watched John approach her. He kindly looked at the distraught woman. Once she caught his gaze, she burst into tears; the recent events finally catching up to her as well. Within seconds, she hiccupped in between sobs. John immediately tried to sooth and divert her attention by coercing her to the other side of the cruiser. Franklin called John sadly. He excused himself and looked around the hood of the car. Franklin shook his head, telling him silently the fate of the man.[Chapter 7] Vlad closed the front door gently behind him, turning the lights on. Darek wiped his chin and looked at it. A strange part of him wanted to taste the enticing liquid. However, he stopped himself and turned to Vlad with piercing eyes. The prince searched for words to comfort him. He opened his mouth but nothing came out. Darek shifted his glare to his hands and then to his messy clothes, growling in disgust. \"I just killed a man.\" He spat, wiping his hands on them. The unmistakable hunger whined in response. Something cause his eyes to glaze over and he stared at the floor. Vlad moved towards him and touched his shoulder. The contact brought him back to reality and he shied away from it, heading for the stairs detachedly. \"I'm going to take a shower.\" He explained emotionlessly. Vlad watched him climb the steps. He sighed and sat down tiredly. His thoughts leaned to the woman he saw minutes earlier. Her face matched his own late wife's. It was a miracle. He not only found his son, but also Mirena. Would he see her again? Would she still love him? He chastised himself for leaving her. Above him, water poured onto the floor of the bathroom. Vlad looked at the grandfather clock to his right. 5:13 It said. His eyes glanced to the blinds. The sun would be rising soon and he wasn't sure how long he could last until he fed again. His ears caught the light tick of a car door shutting, followed by another soon after. Two pairs of footsteps made their way closer and Vlad jumped up, preparing for the knock. As if on cue, a light rap sounded on the thin door. Vlad felt the heartbeats of two men pump his weakness through their veins. He unlocked the door and opened it with a calm air. \"How can I help you?\" He asked, immediately cautious as he noticed their uniforms. The taller of them stood at Vlad's height. His eyes betrayed nothing but authority while the shorter man cleared his throat, smiling politely. \"Mr. Stoker?\" He asked. Vlad shook his head and replied formally. \"I'm sorry, he's upstairs showering. I can let him know you stopped by.\" He offered, allowing his accent to leak in his voice. The taller man spoke before the shorter one. \"Mind if we come in? We've got a few questions for him.\" He suggested. Vlad smiled and nodded. Without skipping a beat, he opened the door to the quests. They both walked in and soaked in the inside of the house. The shorter man laughed quietly and whispered surprisingly. \"Looks a lot uglier on the outside.\" He said to himself. Vlad cleared his throat and offered them refreshments. \"No, thank you.\" The shorter man replied. \"What did you say your name was?\" He asked slyly, looking back to Vlad. The vampire adopted a smug expression, catching on. \"I didn't tell you my name,\" He said. The shorter man looked away, dropping the subject to the impending silence. \"it's Vlad, by the way.\" The taller man decided it was time to engage in the conversation. \"What is your relation with Mr. Stoker?\" Vlad shifted his attention to him, deciding it was time to break the ice that was quickly building up. \"I recently moved here from Romania. Darek and I struck an agreement to let me stay with him for a little while until I get on my feet out here. He should be getting out soon. I believe he has work in a little while.\" Vlad said, hoping Darek heard him. \"And why are you up so early?\" The man asked. Vlad went to tell him, but answered with another question. \"What's your name, if I may be so bold to ask? It makes it easier for me to know with whom I'm speaking to.\" The shorter man stepped forward and brought his right hand to shake Vlad's. Vlad hesitated and then gave in to the gesture. \"John.\" He said, holding Vlad's for less than a second. Vlad looked at the taller man, waiting for him to say his name. \"Franklin.\" He said, obviously cautious about shaking hands with a stranger. John remembered Franklin's earlier question. \"So, what's a tourist doing up at this hour?\" He asked. Vlad looked pointedly to the stairs, redirecting the attention again. Darek crept down them slowly, fixing his clothes lightly. \"Vlad?\" He called, \"Is someone here?\" Answering his own question, he peered below the ceiling of the living room to the officers. \"Mikael Stoker?\" John called. Darek continued down the stairs until he stood next to Vlad. He glanced at Vlad before replying anxiously. \"Please, call me Darek,\" He smiled. \"Is everything ok officers?\" \"We apologize for coming here so early, but we were wondering if you had any information regarding an attack that occurred this morning down the street.\" \"No, I don't- I didn't even know there was one.\" He paused and took a steadying breath. \"What does that have to do with me?\" Vlad heard the shaky voice next to him slightly. The men across the room would likely not have caught it. Franklin crossed his arms, hiding his skepticism while John answered. \"Nothing. It's just that we know your parents were murdered a few days ago and we wanted to see if you knew anything about it.\" At the mention of his parents, Darek grew somber. Vlad merely looked regretfully at the boy. \"Sorry.\" Darek managed. John noted the fragility of the subject and changed it. \"Again, sorry to bother you,\" He motioned at Franklin with his head. Franklin nodded and made to leave, brushing past Vlad momentarily. He sniffled again and stopped, vaguely recognizing it. Vlad noticed the action and prepared an explanation. Before he spoke, Franklin shrugged and opened the door to the lightening sky that awaited him. John tapped Darek's shoulder, causing him to turn towards the lightly colored bearded man. Sticking out of his hand was a business card. \"Our extension number is on the back. If you have any questions or if you think of anything, let us know.\" Without waiting for a thank you, he quietly walked out of the house, leaving the door open for Vlad to close. Darek sighed, happy that their visitors had left. Vlad gave Darek a calculating mask of worry. \"What's wrong?\" He heard from the boy. \"He recognized her perfume.\" Vlad stated. \"Who's?\" Darek replied, confused. \"The woman you saved.\"[Chapter 8] Darek thought back to her. His mind had been in darker places when he had seen her but all he remembered was her hair color. The light blonde shade reminded him of his mother's. Vlad looked to his new son. \"I need to feed tonight.\" He sighed. Darek nodded and suddenly remembered a question he wanted to ask, caused him to frown. \"How did you find me, anyways? Everything seems like it's happening so fast, and I was thinking about it in the shower- until I heard those cops were here.\" Vlad tensed but answered nonetheless. \"I heard the accident and came to help. You were very lucky to have survived being hit by a cargo truck.\" He replied, trying to sound nonchalant. \"A cargo truck? Those don't drive down here 'cause the freeways lead to town- which is in the opposite direction.\" Argued Darek. Vlad shook his head in denial. \"I know what it was, and whoever drove it must have had a death wish to drive right into a city bus.\" He explained. \"Or crazy.\" Darek bit the inside of his cheek softly and changed the subject. \"What do we do about the police? I don't wanna get in trouble, but I want to know more about what happened to my parents. The woman from this morning looked a lot like my mom.\" He watched as Vlad looked away. The elder vampire sighed. \"She looked exactly like my late wife, Mirena.\" He muttered, sadly. Then, he looked to Darek again. \"And you, you look-\" He was cut off by the screams of a phone upstairs. Both were confused at first as to where it was coming from as it echoed throughout the house. Darek exclaimed and ran to the second floor. When he left, Vlad was able to take a deep breath. For comfort, he took out his wedding ring by the chain out of one of his pockets. He heard the boy answer the phone and put it back on the hook. \"Missed it?\" Vlad yelled up to him, rushing to put it back. The silver stung as it caught the edge and bit his fingers, the chain dangling outside of the pocket. Seconds later, Darek's feet started back down, his face perplexed and annoyed. \"Yea, and my parents apparently decided to keep their phone from the 80's. No caller I.D.\" Vlad nodded and focused on the sky above them and the city. Darek followed his eyes to the ceiling, looking for whatever caught the vampire's attention. A few seconds of answerless searching, and Darek looked back to Vlad. \"What are you looking at?\" He asked, laughing slightly. Dracula finally shifted his gaze to Darek. \"Look outside.\" He said. Darek went to the window and pulled open the blinds. Above him, the thick layer of harmless clouds erased all signs of the sun. The young man gaped at the sky. \"Now we may go out.\" He heard behind him. Darek went for the door and paused. His hand hovered over the handle before his fingers dropped. The normally quiet street buzzed with activity Darek had not seen when he looked outside. News reporters had flooded the old crime scene down the street. Vlad sighed and warned Darek. \"Whatever you do, do not talk. It'll come back to bite you.\" He said, smiling. His voice and eyes, however, were cautious. The two did their best to avoid the cameras and microphones shoved in front of them. Their efforts were hindered due to the large crowd quickly gathering. One reporter followed Darek, asking him about the event that had occurred. His first mistake was to pause as he recalled the memory. Vlad caught it and pulled hurriedly, hoping the camera hadn't captured the hesitation. Darek's next mistake was to not expect the sudden thought. Without recovering from the flashback, he tripped over his shoe into Vlad trying to regain balance. Within seconds, eyes turned in curiosity. Vlad helped Darek up quickly. He whispered subtly in Darek's ear. Another mic was forced in front of Vlad and Darek. \"Don't stop.\" He heard. The pair quickly left the scene. Behind them, thin hands picked up a necklace from the street.[Chapter 9] AN: A huge thank you to everyone who continues to read this story! Your reviews mean a lot, and I know I have a lot of explaining to do about my absence. I won't bore you with the details, but health, school, and life aside; I present the newest chapter of Dragons and Devils! Let me kow if you have any ideas/thoughts/questions about it. I would love to collaborate. :) The pair continued at a brisk pace into the center of town. The sky continued to mask out the sun. Vlad seemed at ease, uaffected by the crowd of reporters. Derek continued to glance behind them. His heart yearned for the warm liquid they coveted. Vlad initiated conversation, sensing Derek's growing desire. \"How are you feeling?\" He asked, leading ahead slightly. Derek's head turned forward again as he shifted his attention. He fixed the collar of his shirt before answering. \"Is it always like this? I thought vampires were just thirsty, but this feels like my throat's burning. Not like a fire burning, but like a bunch of knives or something.\" He said, looking to Vlad. The elder nodded solemly. \"It's easy to lose what little control you have. Even I have trouble holding back in the eyes of witnesses. You'll have to be okay with what you are, or you're going to be miserable for centuries.\" He spoke from experience. The quiet street slowly turned into a busy main street. Vlad kept an eye on Derek, making sure he didn't do anything he'd regret. Derek found himself staring at everyone longer than was socially acceptable. Vlad brought his attention back to him, distracting Derek several times with minor shakes and calling his name. Vlad led them to a small storage center. He walked up to the largest unit and opened it. Inside, a jet black ford fusion took up the middle space, with various items and tools neatly sitting on shelves. Derek nodded in amazement. Vlad smiled and went for a change of clothes. At the back of the room, he rose his voice to Derek. \"There is a phone on the top right shelf, along with a watch and several hundred dollars. Get them, please.\" Derek did as Vlad asked and responded, \"What's the point of the watch if you have a phone that has the time on it?\" Along with the money, phone, and watch, there were various rings and keys. Derek suspected that this wasn't his only car or unit. \"They're for you. I know how to tell the time faster than it will take for me to pull it out of my pocket. The phone is for emergencies, and the money is... a bonus.\" \"Bonus?\" derek said incredulously, counting several thousand dollars. \"There are few things that will give us measureable pleasure, find your calls and seek them out.\" Vlad walked out from behind the car and chuckled. His color palate of black remained the same, except for the style of clothing. Black pants, a black button-up shirt, and an open black tux. \"I suppose you're curious as to how much money I have?\" \"Not as much as how you got it.\" Derek looked at him curiously. Vlad mouthed 'ah' before moving to another shelf. \"I've accumulated a lot over the years. Many of those people have had the misfortune of meeting me on a bad day.\" He shurgged and unlocked the car. Derek waited until Vlad started the car before reopening his questioning. Vlad and Derek stepped in and closed the doors. Derek waited until Vlad started the car to continue his questioning. \"Aaand you don't think there's anything wrong with that?\" He asked, slightly annoyed with Vlad's light-hearted answer. The elder glanced at Derek, quickly judging his question. He drove out of the unit and pressed a button on the visor. Behind them, the storage door closed loudly. Vlad explained himself softly. \"It used to bother me a lot more, this line of... life. I am the very creature I despised many years ago.\" Vlad paused, looking at Derek with determination in his eyes. Derek felt uncomfortable under it. \"However, I would fight a million men if that was what it took to keep my family safe. I know death bothers you, and you have been through a lot in recent weeks. I will do what is necessary to keep you out of harms way; dead men or not.\"[Chapter 10] Derek remained silent while Vald drove. It wasn't until they had circled the same few blocks before Derek looked to Vlad in confusion as the car came to a quiet stop along the busy street. \"Wher-\" Vlad cut him off, listening to something intently. \"Silence.\" He rushed. Derek slightly recoiled from the jab, but held his tongue. There were hearts beating everywhere around them, and Vlad was searching for a particular one, \"What's inside that building?\" He asked. Derek shifted his gaze to the building on Vlad's left and did his best to remember. The once-prince drew in a shakey breath. With the recent events, his hunger had been rising. \"Um, I think that's a local news station? It looks like they added a coffee shop next door. Unless you were wondering about the coffee they have around here.\" Derek watched the pedestrians move about inside the store. He didn't recognize anyone from his childhood, but he did sense some familiarity for a woman. And then it clicked, \"You're looking for the lady from last night, aren't you?\" Vlad kept his eyes on her while he answered, \"Yes.\" He turned the car off and they sat there for another few seconds before Derek looked at his new watch. 2:38. With the cloud overhead, there was no way to tell the time. Derek was grateful for the new wristpiece. Derek whispered his next question, \"Why?\" This time, Vlad looked at him with an odd expression before replying, \"She was with the reporters earlier, though not as a witness.\" The seriousness in his face matched the anxiousness of his voice. Vlad did his best to hide his excitement at this news. It would mean that Mirena would seek him out just as much as he would her. However, it also meant that she'd be asking the right questions. In his experience, it often would not go well for him. Derek peaked around Vlad a little bit more to get a good view, which earned him a forced chuckle. \"If it was not obvious before, people will see us stalking.\" Both resumed their previous positions; Derek looking ahead, and Vlad at the woman. Without looking back, Derek asked, \"What do you mean 'obvious'?\" Vlad smiled and looked at Derek, pretending to shift his attention to something irrelevant. \"Coffee shops are home to many people watchers. Someone's already seen us drive by a few times. She's also talking to her friend about whether or not to call the police or tell someone.\" Derek nodded, understanding why Vlad told him to be quiet. Vlad opened the car door and tapped the glass once he shut it, telling Derek to follow him. Once he was within talking distance, Vlad led them across the street. \"Is there a, uh, safe word?\" Derek asked as they walked. His eyes gazed at each person before returning to Vlad's shoulder. Vlad laughed and nodded. \"You're about the age of college. Mention a term paper or something,\" They walked along the sidewalk next to the coffee shop and Vlad changed the subject instantly. \"See? I told you this was the address,\" He looked back to Derek hoping he would play along. \"Yay, now can you finally shut up about getting that special coffee whatever you wanted?\" He exaggerated loudly. Vlad internally palmed his face, but rounded the corner to the entrance. Vlad opened the door and Derek walked through. The two glanced around the large room. It seemed much smaller on the outside. Vlad immediately looked for his target while motioning for Derek to find a table. The tall prince ordered a couple of drinks and waited patiently for them. He kept his eyes near Derek whenever he wasn't searching for Mirena. It didn't take him long, and once he did, his anxiety rose again. She wore clean clothes, but her hair was slightly messy and she was clearly tired. she was finishing her second cup of coffee and tapped her pencil on a full paper; thinking. Behind him, he heard his alias being called. \"Mathew?\" He turned and thanked the barista as he picked up the two drinks. He looked to Derek again. His face also seemed stressed and his eyes kept shifting back and forth between people. The boy was clearly nervous. The woman outside had turned her chair to face Derek and she discreetly watched him. Vlad sighed at the suspicious woman. In front of Vlad, however, his drink was no longer contained in the cup and found itself all over his shirt. He managed to save the other cup, but already forgot about it when SHE spoke. \"Oh! I'm SO SO sorry! It's my fault, I-\" Their eyes met for a second time, and she silenced herself. Her heart jumped and Vlad struggled to keep himself from pouncing forward. He replied slowly, his voice mechanical. \"No, it was mine. I should have been playing more attention to where I was going.\" His accent was light, but she looked at him as though she couldn't understand him. He broke eye contact and looked for napkins. She quickly followed and they bent down to clean up the mess. She stood as she threw the napkins in a nearby trashcan. Without looking up, his ears instinctively picked up the sounds he actively tried to avoid. Her heart was the closest, and Vlad swallowed tightly as he finished. He kept his gaze away from her but continued speaking, \"If you have the time, maybe we can discuss... things? I have to go somewhere right now, for an appointment, but I'll get in touch? Is there a place I can meet you?\" He rushed. She watched him throw his little pile of wet napkins. \"Um, yea? I come here everyday at 2:30 for my break?\" She wasn't sure why she told him that. This man was there last night, while her ex was murdered, no less. Something about him drew her to him. It wasn't just her normal curiosity as a reporter, but her gut. He nodded almost painfully and left her standing alone, shocked at his speed. Vlad walked quickly up to Derek. Both men looked equally flustered. Vlad whispered urgently to Derek, \"Don't you have a term paper to finish?\" He said with the coffee still in his hand. Derek nodded and stood, concerned. They returned to the car and Vlad drove as quickly as he could without causing unwanted attention. AN: How was that? Overdue? Not enough? I've got lots of stuff brewin', get ready for some bones. Oh, and leave a comment! They keep me going! I'll be going back over what I've written and fixing mistakes, occasionally adding more details and stuff. Don't worry, I'll post an edit note in my AN's :) Thank you :D[Chapter 11] The shadows hunted two women off one of the quiet streets. Vlad couldn't help it. They were the only ones outside that weren't on the busier streets. He waited hungrily while they walked in his direction. One of them laughed at their conversation, the other smiled. They both seemed unaware at their future fate. It wasn't a particularly well-lit area, but Vlad assumed their comfort was familiarity. They were likely close to home. He needed to strike now. His eyes closed and he let loose the devil he caged. When he opened his eyes, two corpses slept on the asphalt. His breath was ragged from the deed. The still hearts were deafening in his ears and he whispered the words he came to distaste, \"Odihnească în pace.\" Dracula cleaned the bodies and disguised his attack as an average serial killers' mark. He left their valuables and flew back to Derek. It didn't take long, but he wished it was shorter. Without the cover of clouds, the sunset would have caught him and his horrific actions. Wings turned to one man as he again became himself. His footsteps remained quiet on Vlad's return back. A light tap on the door reminded Derek of his guest and he jumped up to unlock it. Vlad's serious eyes now seemed slightly eased, despite the haunted appearance he held. Vlad walked in and shut the door behind him slowly and smiled as best as he could. Derek felt a sharp needle stab at his conscience and he quickly made an attempt to change the now-dark mood. \"So, I told you my parents were historians, right? That's actually how they met. My dad worked at the university here, and my mom was a guest speaker from one of the bigger colleges up-state. Blah, blah, blah, a dinner turned into an overnight stay and the rest is history.\" Derek smiled at the joke, \"My dad used to tell me that all the time.\" Vlad glanced at the boy and gave a half-smile before taking a seat in the recliner. A sigh of relief escaped his throat once he fell into it, even thought he didn't feel tired. He put his hands in his lap and looked up at Derek, replying. \"Really? What interested them about history?\" Vlad asked, making sure to keep the conversation going. Derek thought for a moment while he took a horizontal position on the couch. \"My mom studied cultural anthropology, and my dad was doing some research on 15th century figures in Europe. He had a comical fondness for you, since our last name is the same as the author of the Dracula book.\" Derek let out a small laugh at the situation. Here he was, in the presence of one of the most feared men of his time. \"Of course.\" Vlad smiled to himself, \"And you?\" \"Me? I loved it. Whenever my mom would come back from Africa with a souvenir, or my dad with his coin collection. I swear, one day, he brought home a coin made from silver. Not the knock-off stuff you get here at the bank or whatever. I guess he stole it or something from when he was in Romania. They had a huge argument about it but my dad convinced my mom to keep it.\" Derek's voice grew somber, \"It must run in the family, because I stole it from him and when the police found out about it, they fired him from the university. My dad searched the house for it but couldn't find it 'cause I actually ended up losing it. The university offered him his job back if he returned the coin, so, my dad was gonna give it back, but, you know, we never found it.\" Derek shrugged his shoulders and continued without looking at Vlad. \"I found it several months later outside in the weeds. I told my dad what happened but he wouldn't have it.\" He took in a shaky breath, \"I moved out not too long after that 'cause I couldn't handle the guilt of being the one who led him to drink.\" Derek stopped, frustration entering his thoughts, \"Why'd they have to die? All my life, and we've never had an animal attack in this part of the city! I never had a chance to apologize, or- or-\" Vlad's gaze shifted from the strange sense of guilt he had kept locked away into seriousness. Derek's eyes grew dark, and his innate rage threatened to bubble over. Vlad thought it best to change the direction of the conversation. \"-Or, we can think of the present. A lot has happened the past few days. You need to quiet your thoughts, or our low profile will be moot. Can you do that for me? Think about what we should do, and what steps we need to take to achieve our goals.\" Vlad reasoned. Derek slowly came back to the living room and drew in a shaky breath. \"Wh-wha...,\" Derek seemed taken aback from his sudden flare of emotion. \"Um, what goals?\" He inquired, still anxious. Vlad smiled at the question. \"How do you take your coffee?\"[Chapter 12] Derek scratched under the collar of his shirt in nervousness, before shifting in his seat. Vlad leaned across the table to reassure him. \"You'll do great, I know you will.\" Derek looked away and replied. \"I don't think so. I haven't talked to a girl about setting up a date or anything before. What if I mess up? I'm probably gonna end up making a fool of myself.\" His neck seemed to be extremely itchy. \"Just... Alright. If you don't think you're up to it, we can come back-\" Derek interrupted Vlad. \"No, no, I'll do it.\" He said. Vlad waited until the young man stood and walked behind him to smile. That little trick worked more often than he cared to admit. The cafe buzzed as people eagerly bought their mid-day coffee. Without wanting to, Vlad listened intently to his scout, hoping he'd fulfill his duty as a wing-man. Vlad didn't want to be seen by the observant woman outside. He'd dealt with her kind before, and knew which avenues to avoid. However, Vlad couldn't shake the feeling that he'd forgotten to tell Derek something. Derek approached the blonde woman with all of the confidence he could muster. It somehow seemed horrifying to set a date with her to meet up with Vlad. He argued that Vlad should speak to her himself, which didn't gain any traction. The vampire was adamant about being discrete. The woman sipped at her coffee thankfully with her eyes closed until she realized someone was standing above her. She looked up into the terrified eyes of Derek. She looked at him, confused, before she spoke worriedly. \"Um, are you alright?\" She asked. Derek remembered that he was supposed to talk. He scoffed and smiled awkwardly. \"Of- of course I am. But uh, my nephew- I mean, my uncle, I'm his nephew, he wanted to talk to you but he thinks I should talk to more women. I mean, that I should talk to women more often. Well, actually- ugh,\" She could sense the panic coming from him and did her best to not smile at how adorable he seemed under the pressure. \"He's over there.\" He finished, happily. She peered behind him to his companion's direction. He was facing away with his head down. What she didn't know, was that he heard Derek's attempt and was covering his face in quiet embarrassment. Derek backed up as she made to meet with Vlad. Vlad discretely prepared for her arrival as her heart walked closer. Derek stood there another moment longer, yelling at himself for his shortcomings in conversation with women. Derek turned to join them. \"Well, quite a friend of yours, mystery man.\" She said, looking to Derek and back at Vlad. Vlad watched her while he answered. \"My nephew needs to learn how to talk to beautiful women.\" He said unblinking. She blushed and he remembered his manners. He stood and offered her the seat across from him. She accepted, to his happiness. Derek walked up a moment after, realizing his seat had been taken. Vlad leaned into his ear and asked him to make friends with the black-haired woman outside. To Vlad's surprise, Derek nodded and left. No doubt grateful for the opportunity to not show his face around the blonde woman. \"You said you had an appointment? How did that go?\" She asked. Vlad smiled at the small talk. It would keep his mind off of what she likely wanted to know. \"It was...\" The two women flashed before Vlad's eyes as he blinked, and he continued, \"dull. I hate those kind of appointments.\" His smile didn't reach his eyes and she nodded. \"Same. My boss is always trying to get me to write stories about the juicy sex-scandals in the local politics, but I'm looking for the more nitty-gritty facts. The crime-rate, police activities, stories like that.\" She confessed. She paused, and sighed at her blabber mouth. \"I'm sorry, I shouldn't-\" Vlad interrupted her apology. \"Politics bores me as well.\" He stated. If only she knew. Her heart fluttered slightly. \"I never got your name.\" He finished. She stared at him, slightly confused. It felt like he already knew it. \"Mina. You're Mathew...?\" She replied. He was too preoccupied with her name to remember his alias. He started to ask her who she was talking about, before he remembered. He nodded with recognition. \"Ah, yes. Yes, that's me.\" She slipped a smile at his response. Her tone turned confused again. \"I feel like I know you.\" He quickly thought of a retort. \"Near-death experiences can do that to people. You go through trauma, and it seems as though your souls have connected.\" His reply only brought her eyebrows together even more. \"Then I'm not crazy? You knew what happened the other night. It wasn't just a horrible nightmare.\" He played coy. \"I don't follow.\" She shook her head fervently, leaning forward. He held himself still, knowing that the wrong move could push her away, or bring her closer. \"My ex. He was murdered the other night. You were there, you told me to tell the police that he shot himself.\" She said stubbornly. Vlad struggled to keep the conversation light. \"You seem oddly calm for someone who witnessed someone die.\" \"This isn't my first rodeo. But, what I don't understand is why you want me to think he shot himself, when he didn't.\" She waited for him to respond. Much to her frustration, he looked behind him to find Derek. His new apprentice was conversing with the black-haired woman, just as he asked. Mina put her hand on his, bring his attention back to her immediately. His eyes flashed to her warm skin and she let go, once she realized her gesture. She spoke first. \"Why doesn't it bother YOU?\" She asked. He looked up to her and smiled, sad. \"This isn't my first rodeo.\" She frowned at his seriousness, asking another question. \"Is this yours?\" She reached into her pocket and pulled out a necklace with his wedding ring. He stammered, cursing himself for not knowing its misplacement. \"Where did y-\" \"I found it this morning on the ground down the street from the... accident. I was with a group of news reporters on an assignment.\" She said. He noticed how she held it, internally groaning. There was no way for him to grab it without burning his hand, and no way to be discrete about it. \"Keep it.\" It was her turn to stammer. \"It looks expensive, I couldn't- It's yours-\" He put his hand up, showing he'd not argue. She blushed again and carefully placed it back in her purse. Her embarrassment was thanks enough for him. \"Derek Stoker, isn't it?\" Vlad and Derek turned simultaneously to the voice. Vlad's welcoming smile faultered as he recognized it; his first instinct to curse.[Chapter 13] The man's uniform was unmistakable as Derek peered around the woman in front of him. Derek's eyebrows turned slightly fearful as he responded awkwardly. Vlad watched the encounter through the window and Mina followed his attention to the officer. \"Um, yes?\" After a moment, Derek recognized him. \"Oh, Franklin? Wait, John? I'm sorry, I'm bad with names.\" The man smiled, glancing at Vlad inside with suspision. Vlad turned back to Mina's curious expression. \"John. Franklin's taking a sick day. Making friends already?\" John said, still looking to Vlad. Vlad smiled smoothly at Mina and replied quickly before she could ask any questions. \"Just checking on Derek. The police came by asking if we had heard or seen anything. I'd love to get to know the community. \" Vlad shrugged, and threw a warm smile to Mina. She blushed slightly and nodded absentmindedly. Outside, John narrowed his eyes at Mina but hid it behind a swig of coffee, \"Sounds great. Stay out of trouble. We've had too much lately.\" He confessed sourly. Mina itched for her notepad but picked at the logo on her cup instead. Vlad changed the subject and asked Mina rediculously simple get-to-know-you questions to satiate his curiousity. Behind him, he heard the door open with its owner lacking a heartbeat. Derek must have been rattled. Vlad interrupted his own questioning to watch Derek approach. Vlad caught Derek's gaze at Mina's cheeks, kicking him beneath the table to get his attention. The prince leaned forward but looked to Mina. \"How's your coffee?\" He asked. Mina's hand stopped fidgeting as she looked to him. \"It's good, keeps me awake.\" She confessed, silently deciphering it in her head. Derek watched as Vlad glanced across the table to him as the prince continued. \"And it's not too strong?\" He asked. It took Derek a moment to realize Vlad's subtle questioning towards his own thirst. Derek shook his head with a nervous expression. Mina caught it. She glanced suspisciously between them before cracking a smile. \"I see. I know guy talk when I see it.\" She noticeably looked to her phone for the time, and sighed somewhat dramatically, \"I need to get back to work. My boss will want my report on her desk before five.\" Vlad inwardly groaned, politely scooting out from the booth to stand next to her. \"Will you be here tomorrow?\" He asked. She stood up to meet his eyes. \"Well, if you'll be here, breakfast would be much less breakfast-y.\" She quickly elaborated in a blushed hurry. \"I mean, it'll be more interesting, with someone to talk to.\" He smiled and nodded as he quietly walked her outside with Derek close behind.[Chapter 14] Her heart fluttered in sadness as the mysterious man walked outside. Mina hurriedly checked the booth for any remaining trash before grabbing her half-empty coffee and dashing for the front door. Not only did she have to worry about deadlines and reports, but one blazing question continued to nag at her mind ever since she first saw him. How do I know him? It wasn't as if there weren't other, more important questions such as 'why, how, and what he was doing the other night'. She was still coming to terms that her once-boyfriend was murdered. Of course, her curiousity always brought her back to Vlad. She had felt so safe when he looked into her eyes, yet every moment she spent away from him made her shake with fear. Not just fear for herself, but for him. Mina pushed on the front door of the coffee store, immediately remembering it needed to be pulled. Ugh, I'm a mess. She thought, awkwardly reaching around her purse to open the door. Outside, she walked the few stores down to her work, grateful for the close proximity to caffine. Mina quickly picked up on the arguments upstairs, preparing for the onslaught to come as she trudged up the first flight. \"Kate, give it to Mina, she's dying to cover it!\" Michael whined behind his computer. Mina guessed he was talking about the double homicides last night. \"I said no. You're already backed up on the shit-storm that she went through!\" Mina's boss replied, immediately silencing herself as Mina walked in. She expertly navigated through the empty cubicles to her desk two spaces down from Michael. \"Mina?\" Kate asked, unable to see over the walls. Mina winced at her name, placing her purse in her chair. \"So sorry, I'll make sure it's on your desk in a couple of minutes. I just took a lunch.\" Mina apologized. Kate walked toward's Mina's desk without a word, eventually. Kate's dry, curly hair bounced as she stepped into Mina's view. Mina gave her a soft smile. Kate tapped on the wall silently, stressed. \"I thought I told you to take the rest of the day, not a lunch.\" She accused. Mina busied herself, turning the computer on. \"I just needed some caffine, I'm fine.\" A pale hand stopped her from touching the keyboard. \"Mina,\" Kate pleaded much more softly, \"You haven't slept since it happened. Caffine won't let you heal.\" Mina fought an urge to reach for her cup. After a pause, Kate let go and Mina replied. \"He was an ass. There's no love lost.\" Mina's voice cracked as she thought back to that night for what felt like the millionth time today. Kate slowly left Mina's eyesight, and sighed. \"If you won't stop working, then I'm dragging you out for a girl's night.\" Mina stopped in her tracks. It was bad enough her roomate was her co-worker, adding her boss to the mix didn't bode well for her, especially since the last time she socialized with Kate ended with... \"Wait, fine, I'll go home!\" Mina shouted, almost desperate to reverse Kate's decision. Mina loudly moved about as she packed up her belongings for the day. She could almost hear Kate's smile. \"I'll make sure you have plenty of work on Monday!\" Warned Kate. Mina sighed as she shut the door behind her; deflated. There went her excuse to not go home. Of course, she still had her trusty old laptop there. With another sigh, Mina resolved to head back to her dungeon of an apartment. ","Summary":" AN: I'm very sorry to keep everyone waiting! I'll skip the excuses and just tell you flat out that "},{"Movie":"Dracula Untold","Title":"Remember Who You Are","Author":"Mustard Lady","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12710186","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Oh my goodness! Okay, here it goes! I am not a horror/monster fan, but I fell in love with the family at the center of the Dracula Untold movie. To be honest, I have not seen the whole film, and as not will not be putting down every part of the movie. But those who have seen it know what happened, though I do hope to capture at least the gist of it. I don't own Dracula Untold, only my OC Sarai. The story is strangely intriguing. But it breaks my heart how Vlad and Mirena's family was ripped apart. This movie was so well done, but there just no win-win in there. No matter what they chose to do, it was a hopeless situation! If Mehmed was planning an invasion of Europe, then that means that he was going to bring war to Transylvania whether he was paid his tribute or not. The only good that came out of the whole mess was that Vlad stopped the Ottoman invasion and saved his son. But at what a price! Luke Evans was superb in the role. His versatility as an actor is amazing. I knew him first as the dastardly Gaston in Disney's new live-action film Beauty and the Beast. I was blown away at his role as a devoted, loving father and husband! He's got talent. Oh, and I love Mirena's character! I love her! She is a beautiful soul. Anyone can see how gorgeous she is, but her character far exceeds that. That's why I love her so much. I got my title from beloved Mufasa's iconic line in The Lion King, one of my top favorite Disney movies, \"Remember who you are!\" I thought it was fitting for Vlad. It's gone through my mind a lot after I delved more into the movie's story. I cannot promise how often I will update, as I have several other stories running too. I'm not planning for this to be as long as my BATB fanfic Brother Dear. But I hope you like it! Reviews would be helpful. This story is based solely on the movie Dracula Untold. But if I write other DU fanfics, I fully intend for them to be happier ones! I can't stand the hopeless heartbreak in the movie, so my others will be different. Have you read my first one? Hope you like it! Enjoy! \" In the year of our Lord, 1442, the Turkish sultan enslaved 1,000 Transylvanian boys to fill the ranks of his army. These child slaves were beaten without mercy, trained to kill without conscience, to crave the blood of all who defied the Turks. From among these boys, one grew into a warrior, so fierce that entire armies would retreat in terror at the mention of his name. Vlad the Impaler, Son of the Dragon. Sickened by his monstrous acts, Vlad came to bury his past with the dead, and returned to Transylvania to rule in peace. His subjects called him Prince. I called him Father. But the world would come to know him as...Dracula.\" Deep within the brick stone walls of Castle Dracula, Prince Vlad Tepes wearily stepped toward his son's bed chamber. It had been a draining, frightening, troubling day and his mind was still heavily weighed with two great, new, evil forces that threatened the innocence and peaceful reign of his country. There was always the people's greatest fear of the Turks' returning invasion on the land. They were a lustfully fierce army who enjoyed spreading terror and cruelty on all they freely chose to impose on, Vlad himself a living testimony of their monstrous ways. But that was in the past. Yet, today his men had shown him a Turkish scout helmet by the river. Vlad knew this meant only one thing: the threat of an unwanted and massively bloody war! \"...whatever they scout, they conquer.\" Vlad had told his men. \"For the Turks to cross into my land unannounced is a sign of war.\" But now the peaceful Prince was deeply disturbed about another evil force, possibly even more dangerous than the Turks themselves, if that was even possible! While searching Broken Tooth Mountain with his men to seek out the Turkish scouts seeking shelter, they'd ended up in a cave to discover crushed bone. Two of his men were killed by some fearsome, unearthly creature of darkness and Vlad had narrowly escaped with his own life! After consulting Brother Lucien, Vlad learned to his vivid mortal mind the disturbing history that the creature they'd encountered was a vampire, who'd once been mortal but had sought the powers of darkness, which resulted in him becoming a living being of wickedness...until one came along to set him free and would serve him as his equal. \"The people of Transylvania live in enough fear of the Turks' return.\" Vlad had told the monk firmly. \"Promise you will guard this secret, brother!\" As he reached his son's doorway, Vlad could hear the happy, innocent voices of his wife and son laughing as they played together. Vlad relished in their carefree manner, wishing he could do the same. He had no desire to dampen their happiness: they must NOT know about either of his problems! Their voices seemed to penetrate through his burdened mind and his heart warmed as he prepared to greet them. His family was his greatest treasure, and he would never trade them of their love for anything in the world! When he stepped inside the bedroom, he saw his ten-year-old son, Ingeras, scrambling on the floor in childish antics. His sandy curls bounced off his shoulders. He was becoming a young man, but he was still a little boy and Vlad wished he would stay that way forever. He shrieked as his mother, crawling out from underneath a tablecloth of all things, caught up to him and poked him in the side. Then Ingeras saw his father. \"Papa!\" He cried in delight and scampering to his feet, he anxiously ran to Vlad. Vlad smiled warmly and caught his son up in his arms. \"I missed you, Papa!\" Ingeras announced, hugging Vlad's neck. \"And I you.\" Vlad told him. His wife looked on in surprise at first, then smiled and approached for her greeting. \"My big soldier.\" Vlad said to Ingeras as he set him on the floor. Then came Mirena. Mirena! Vlad would never get over what a priceless treasure his gorgeous wife was in his life. She was his light, his helper, his encouragement, his life-line, really. Without her, he would be lost. And if any greedy man in the world were to offer him genuine rubies in exchange for her, Vlad would gladly toss them back in his face and keep Mirena. Her worth was far above rubies! Just as her outer beauty was only a mirror of the wonderful heart that beat inside of her every day! The queen of Transylvania was beautiful to behold, with her rose leaf complexion, her long golden hair, her sweet smile, and her dazzling blue eyes. Vlad would always count himself beyond lucky to have won the heart of such a beautiful woman. But there was so much more to her than outward beauty! So much more! Mirena was as brave as she was beautiful. She unconditionally loved her husband for the person he was inside, and how he selflessly served his people and those around him. She knew about his past, but she too had buried it and focused on the present and lived for the future. She was by Vlad's side through everything: sickness; joyful days; troubling, sleepless nights; his trips where they weren't sure when he would return; the grand welcome home he would always get when he returned; their moments of flirting and shamelessly making love; the times he was troubled about his past or some present kingdom dilemma...yes, Mirena was always there with him, to help him through it all. They had no secrets from each other. They were equals, they were...true soul mates. And Vlad dauntlessly cherished her for all of this! And now here she was again. Mirena smiled widely and eagerly ran to her husband. He clasped her tightly in his arms as he spun her around, Mirena giggling happily. He set her on her feet, but she zealously looked up at him for more affection than that. \"What?\" She sputtered. \"An embrace but no kiss?\" \"Are we going to argue?\" Vlad smiled down at her. \"With you always leaving, I need my fill.\" Mirena gave him the look and he gladly gave in, kissing her perfect lips. \"Mmm.\" Mirena grinned, cocking her head. \"Well, I guess that will do for now.\" Vlad arched his eyebrows. \"Oh? I could go further if you desire me to do so.\" He whispered smoothly. \"Shh!\" Mirena scolded him. \"Not in front of your son!\" \"What about me?\" Came a young, cheery, feminine voice from behind them. Vlad raised his head and grimaced as if he'd forgotten. He heard rushing footsteps running in his direction and then felt himself being gripped from behind in a hug by a pair of arms. Vlad turned his head and looked down at his daughter, Sarai. He still refused to accept that fact that she was now fourteen, and blossoming into a beautiful young lady. She was tall, and as lovely and generous as her mother, except with long brunette locks instead of blonde. She resembled Mirena's features in many ways, but she had her father's eyes. Vlad couldn't help but smile as he gazed her over. Fourteen or forty, she would always be his little princess. Sarai waited for some acknowledgment of her presence. \"You're back, Papa!\" She exclaimed. \"When did you return?\" \"Just now.\" Vlad answered. \"And you didn't let me know?\" Sarai scolded him. \"Even if I had, you probably wouldn't have noticed.\" Vlad said. He was playing with her. She loved to write stories, fairy tales and adventures. And when she became absorbed in it, she didn't seem to notice anything else. \"Yes I would!\" Sarai retorted. \"Will you dance with me tonight, Papa? Please?\" She asked. Vlad sighed. He hated to disappoint her. \"Now, now. Your father just got home. Let him catch his breath.\" Mirena spoke up. She loved her children dearly, but the sooner they were settled in bed, the sooner she and her husband could have the rest of the night to themselves. \"It's time for bed.\" Mirena announced. \"Awww!\" Ingeras and Sarai both groaned. \"Papa, Momma and I had a sword fight, but I won!\" Ingeras told him proudly. \"I'm sure you did.\" Vlad nodded. \"Now that I have defeated the daring princess, I shall venture out on my next quest.\" Ingeras said dramatically. \"I'm afraid it will have to be in your sleep then. Come on.\" Mirena told her son, taking his hand and pulling him to his feet. \"Oh, I'll become a hero. Just wait and see!\" Ingeras cheered. \"You'll give yourself bad dreams, you know.\" Vlad chuckled heartily. \"What? I'm not afraid of anything.\" Ingeras said confidently. \"Such modesty. I wonder where he gets it from.\" Mirena said sarcastically, flashing her husband a smirk as she tucked her son into bed. \"I have a new adventure for my story, Papa.\" Sarai told him. \"Oh. That's good.\" Vlad replied lightly. Mirena came back to him and Sarai reluctantly backed away. Vlad kissed Mirena again. \"Oh. I missed you.\" He whispered and hung his head. \"Something troubles you. What is it?\" Mirena asked with concern at his dejection. Her husband gazed lovingly at her, soaking up every fiber. \"Only the impossible depth of your beauty.\" He wooed. We'll talk later. He thought. Right now I just want to put all that aside. \"Puts the rest of the world to shame.\" He said aloud and pulled her into himself. Mirena grinned and laughed. Ingeras smiled and Sarai bit her lip, trying not to laugh at the pair. \"Ah, ha, ha. Ignore your father, children.\" Mirena said. \"Flattery is a cheap distraction from truth.\" Vlad's jaw dropped. \"Ah, she knows all my tricks.\" He shook his head in mock disappointment. \" They're doing it again. \" Sarai whispered sarcastically, leaning toward her brother. \"How come they get to have fun, but we always have to go to bed?\" Ingeras moaned. \"I don't know. But it's not fair.\" Sarai said, loud enough to be heard. \"We're only children. They're grownups.\" Ingeras puffed his lip. \"They get to do whatever they want.\" \"Yes. So there's nothing we can do about it.\" Sarai sighed in resignation. Mirena freed herself from her husband's grasp and looked up at him. \"You're a terrible liar. It's one of your most endearing qualities.\" She said flirtatiously. \"You're just in time for bed.\" She left him to bid her son goodnight. Ingeras kissed her on the cheek. Vlad came over and flopped onto his son's bed. Ingeras snickered and cuddled on him. Vlad chuckled and held him close. \"Say goodnight to your brother, Sarai.\" Mirena told her daughter. \"But I want to see Papa.\" Sarai argued. \"He'll come in to see you before he comes to bed. He'll tuck you in.\" Mirena insisted. \"Now.\" \"Oh, all right.\" Sarai sighed, jealous that her brother got to have quality time with Vlad first. \"'Night.\" She told Ingeras. \"Goodnight.\" Ingeras smiled widely, glad that he got special Papa time first! \"I'll see you in a while.\" Vlad promised his daughter. \"I'll be counting the minutes .\" Sarai warned him and sluggishly made her way to the door. \"Can we go riding tomorrow, Papa?\" Ingeras asked. \"Of course we can.\" Vlad said. \"You most certainly cannot!\" Mirena argued. \"Why not?\" Vlad asked with a pout. \"Because tomorrow is the day of our risen Lord.\" \"Oh. Of course.\" Vlad gulped in embarrassment. How could he have forgotten such an important celebration? \"Uh, that's Easter.\" Mirena told him. \"Come, Sarai.\" Sarai followed her mother out, leaving the two men alone. Vlad looked down at his son, wide-eyed. \"What was I thinking?\" He asked in a shocked tone of voice. Ingeras only laughed and his father kissed his head. \"So, what did you do today, besides conquering kingdoms?\" By the time Vlad had left his son-which had been hard to do, with Ingeras begging him to stay longer several times-and came into his daughter's room, she was clothed for bed. But she was lounging on her little sofa, writing on blank sheets of paper with her sharp quill pen. Vlad shook his head, grinning and tugged on one of her chocolate locks. \"Writing again, I see?\" He asked. \"Oh, yes.\" Sarai replied. \"This is my most exciting adventure yet.\" \"Hmm. Well, I'm afraid it will have to be postponed until tomorrow night.\" Sarai frowned. \"Oh, but my new hero has just arrived at a very important landmark.\" She protested. Vlad smiled and gently took the paper out of her hands. \"Well then, you'll have all night to dream about what comes next.\" He told her. \"I already know what happens next.\" Sarai corrected him. \"It's time for bed .\" He said in an unbending tone. Sarai let out a heavy sigh and walked with him to her bed. She climbed in and he sat on the edge. \"So, is the hero named after me?\" Vlad asked. \"Of course not.\" Sarai shook her head, as if it was supposed to be obvious. \"No?\" Vlad pouted, pretending to be offended. \"That wouldn't be very original.\" Sarai teased, crossing her arms. \"Oh, I see.\" Vlad grumbled. \"Don't tell anyone else, but you were inspiration of what he does!\" Sarai whispered. \"Really?\" Vlad's eyebrows piqued. \"Oh, yes.\" Sarai went on to tell him about her tale. He nodded and listened. \"Well, if his horse got ran off and got lost in unfamiliar territory, why didn't he just call on his men and they search together?\" He asked at one point. \"Papa!\" Sarai moaned, rolling her eyes. \"Then the story would be over. The plot would be entirely disarmed, and I would have nowhere to go with it.\" She sighed dramatically. \"My apologies.\" Vlad said playfully. \"It's just that if I was Sir Daniel, that's how I would've done it.\" \"That's why it's a story. You see, he's a very curious person. The unknown intrigues him, and by him tracking the horse himself, he starts noticing strange things. And he doesn't know that it's going to lead him to the undiscovered secret underground.\" Sarai explained. \"Oh.\" Vlad bit his lip. \"Well, forgive me for criticizing your wild imagination! You really enjoy this, don't you?\" \"Yes, I do! It's exciting to put these things down into words when they dance around in my mind. It's also my escape when things are dim and sad around here.\" \"I never thought of it that way. I'm glad you have that to take your mind off your troubles.\" Vlad's voice trailed off and he stared off into space. Sarai looked at him curiously. She could tell he was lost in his thoughts. \"What do you do for an escape, Papa?\" \"Hmm? What did you say?\" \"What do you do for an escape?\" \" This. \" Vlad said thoughtfully, gazing deep into her eyes. \"Ingeras, you, your mother...you all, you are my escape.\" He grasped her small hand. \"We are?\" Sarai asked softly. \"And you always will be. Now, it's time for bed.\" Vlad rose to his feet. \"Will you dance with me tomorrow? At least once?\" Sarai begged. \"My dear, I shall dance with you all evening if you wish. Of course, we must make an exception if your mother decides to cut in! I can't ever refuse a dance with her.\" Vlad smiled wistfully. \"Well, at least before I have to go to bed, this time?\" Sarai looked at him longingly. \"You have my word.\" Vlad nodded. He leaned down and gently kissed her face. Then he stroked her chin. \"Goodnight, my princess.\" He cooed. \"Goodnight, Papa. I'm so glad you're home.\" Sarai smiled. \"So am I!\" Vlad agreed. Mirena was in her nightgown when her husband finally arrived! He exhaled as he closed the door. Mirena rushed to him. \"I thought you would never come.\" She chuckled. \"Sorry.\" Vlad smiled sheepishly. \"I'm afraid I was unavoidably detained.\" \"Of course.\" Mirena looked down then kissed him. \"It's just so hard to walk away when they want me to be with them.\" Vlad said. \"I understand that feeling.\" \"They're both growing so fast.\" Vlad remarked dismally. \"It seems that every time I return, they're a little more grown up than I thought. It makes me feel like I'm missing parts of their lives.\" \"Did you see the way they were competing for your attention?\" Mirena cocked her head. \"Yes. I hope it's not because I am being negligent.\" Vlad hung his head. \"Oh, no, no!\" Mirena corrected him. \"Not ever. They just want to be around you because they know you love them so much. And so do I.\" Vlad grunted, smiling and suddenly enclosed her face in a kiss. \"What happened today?\" \"While on a patrol, as we were searching, we were attacked. Nicolae and Andrei were killed! I didn't get a good look at what came at us, but it was enough that I do not want to go back there!\" Vlad declared. Mirena was sitting at her vanity, brushing her luscious hair. \"So, what attacked you? Wolves?\" She asked. \"I suppose.\" Vlad said doubtfully. \"All I know is I lost two good men today.\" Mirena sat beside him, wiping his brow. \"There's something more.\" She commented. Vlad sighed heavily. \"I was the same age as Ingeras when I was sent to live with the Turks. To fight for them. If I never saw another, it would be too soon!\" \"You're home now.\" Mirena said encouragingly. \"For almost as many years as you were gone.\" Vlad brought her hand to his lips and softly stroked her gentle face. \"I just want peace. That's all.\" He said sadly. Mirena leaned in closer to him. \"The past is in the past.\" Mirena told him determinedly, her eyes flaming with passion. \"That part of your life is gone. Just remember who you are. Always remember who you truly are. The man I see inside you now. The man I love. The man I will always love.\" Sarai's writing is not a major part of the story at all. I just wanted to throw it in there.[Chapter 2] Easter morning dawned bright and happy, with golden sun rays filtering in through the windows, lighting up the castle. \"It is going to be a glorious day.\" Mirena told Vlad as they awoke. Vlad smiled in agreement. Vlad and Mirena dressed in their finest royal robes and emerged from their bedroom. They were happily greeted in the hallway by running feet and happy voices. \"Good morning, Papa! Good morning, Mother.\" Sarai smiled. \"Good morning, my loves.\" Mirena smiled widely. \"Happy Easter!\" Ingeras announced. \"Happy Easter.\" Vlad replied. Sarai hugged Mirena. \"Mother, you looked ravishing!\" She gushed. \"And why not?\" Mirena grinned. \"You look lovely, my princess.\" Vlad smiled proudly at Sarai. She was in a pink dress with golden embroidery, and her chocolate waves of soft hair were pulled halfway back in jeweled combs, letting her curls flow down on her shoulders. \"Thank you, Papa.\" Sarai curtsied. \"What about me?\" Ingeras spoke up. \"You look fine and dashing.\" Mirena answered. \"It's such a lovely day for a celebration.\" Sarai commented. \"Indeed it is.\" Vlad remarked. \"A fine day to remember our risen Lord, and the price of peace and freedom.\" Mirena squeezed his hand harder. \"You two go on now. We will join you all shortly in the Great Hall.\" She said. \"Can I sit with my friends this time?\" Ingeras begged, narrowing his eyes at his big sister. \" Now , this is a happy day, brother.\" Sarai returned his tease. \"Let's keep it that way.\" Mirena and Vlad chuckled at their offspring. \"You may sit with whomever you wish.\" Vlad told his son, who smiled gratefully. \"As for you,\" Vlad eyed his daughter, \"no talking to any strange young men without my permission.\" He joked. Sarai's shoulders sagged and Ingeras smiled at her in triumph. \"I've met all the young men in the kingdom. They're not strangers.\" Sarai said with a smirk. \"But mind your father.\" Mirena warned her. Sarai sighed and followed her brother down the hallways. \"Oh, you. \" Mirena shook her head. \"What?\" Vlad asked innocently. \"Is it a crime that I should want my children to associate with appropriate company?\" \" No.\" Mirena shook her head. \"Then what is it?\" Vlad frowned playfully. Mirena kissed his face. Vlad smiled. \"Shall we proceed then, my ravishing queen?\" He asked. \"We shall!\" Mirena nodded. They walked hand in hand and were warmly greeted by their fellow subjects in the Great Hall. Finally, it was time for the feast! Vlad's most loyal knight, Dimitru stood and spoke out loudly with glee, \"My fellow Transylvanians, an Easter toast. Fourteen years of peace and prosperity ever since our prince came back to us. My old friend, here's to 20 more.\" \"To 20 more!\" Everyone agreed. Then they sat down to eat. Ingeras did sit with his buddies, who ate almost as much as they talked. Sarai sat with her ladies in waiting, and her other young companion maidens who were all dressed spritely for the party. Vlad sat at the great table, his trusted adviser Cazan on his left and his beloved queen on his right. Next to Mirena sat the children's governess. \"The roses were a fine choice for decorations, don't you think?\" Mirena asked Vlad, referring to the incident in the rose garden yesterday, when they had been interrupted making out in the rose bed by Dimitru. \"Not now.\" Vlad winced. Mirena giggled at him. Suddenly, the large doors opened. A troop of Turkish soldiers marched inside. Silence fell. Everyone froze in fear. Vlad's eyes widened as he set his drink down. Mirena tightly gripped his hand. What is this? They aren't supposed to come yet. Why are they here? This cannot be anything good! He thought silently, trying to stay calm. If they had been respectable visitors, the band would've let themselves be announced. But, no! These knights had just barged into his castle, very uninvited, and they were frightening his people! Sarai and her girls all gripped each other's hands. There were two particular soldiers, Bright Eyes and Acemi, who were slowly lurking around, stealthily eying those seated at the tables. They didn't look friendly at all and were giving people the creeps. Mirena kept her composure as best she could, but her heart was racing wildly. \"Mmm.\" Bright Eyes rumbled with a sickening sneer. Vlad rose to his feet. He had to take control of this unexpected intrusion without alarming his people. \"Hamza Bey. Welcome.\" He greeted calmly. \"We were not expecting you so soon.\" Hamza Bey did not bow before the prince, but said, \"Sultan Mehmed II offers his salutations to you and your son. And your attractive daughter.\" \"Thank him. I have his tribute ready.\" Vlad replied as he sat back down. Hamza glanced at the tribute of silver coins, then slowly came closer to their table. \"Hmm.\" He cocked his head. \"I'm afraid, there's something more than a tribute to discuss.\" He said. \"The Turks have no enemies here.\" Vlad said. \"Did you think we would not notice a battalion of our scouts missing?\" Hamza asked suspiciously. \"I did not kill them.\" Vlad told him truthfully. Mirena slipped her hand back into his. \" It still lives inside you, Lord Impaler. Locked in a dark cage, hidden away. But you and I...we both know it's there.\" Hamza quietly, slowly taunted Vlad, speaking in their Turkish tongue. Vlad narrowed his eyes. \"The sultan's tribute. Take it and leave.\" He said firmly. Hamza gave a sly smile and turned. He stepped forward a little then shook his head, as if he forgot something. \"Ah! There is one last thing.\" He gleamed at the humble prince. \"The sultan requires 1,000 boys to join his Janissary Corps.\" \"NOO!\" Everyone in the room shouted in protest. It was as if a large tidal wave had swept through the room. Vlad's eyes widened in horror. Mirena looked at him in alarm. Sarai and Ingeras glanced at each other from across the table, then to their startled father. \"Never!\" The angered parents cried. \"Janissaries? He ended that practice years ago!\" Vlad tried to reason. He immediately rose back to his feet. Hamza was not the least bit phased by their alarm. In fact, he rather enjoyed it. \"When a soldier is plucked as a child and raised to know no other life,\" he went on, \"they will kill without question, and die without complaint. Any who are 15 years of age or older will fight in Hungary. Those 10 to 14 will be made ready for the siege on Vienna. The sultan expects your obedience. After all, did not your own father give you up without a fight?\" Vlad cringed and quickly made his way from the table, across to where Bright Eyes was hideously eying a young boy sitting with his father. \"Hmm. Soft. But they'll do.\" Bright Eyes sneered. He grabbed the boy's face. \"Don't.\" The lad looked up at him. \"Please!\" The boy's father pleaded, grabbing Bright Eye's arm. Bright Eyes, glad for the chance to spill some blood, began to pull his sword from his sheath. But Vlad snatched him by his shoulders and roughly shoved him against the wall. \" Do you know who I am? \" Vlad snarled at him in Turkish. \"You mean who you were.\" Bright Eyes retorted back. Vlad curled his lips and let him go, glaring. Acemi was slowly prowling near the young maidens. They braced themselves, clinging to each other's hands. Mirena was shaking from her vantage point as she watched the cold creature leering at Sarai. Sarai's shoulders became rigid and she clenched her teeth as Acemi stood right behind her, grinning hungrily, and slowly traced on her soft face with his index finger. Sarai flinched with a frightened whimper, and Ingeras stood up, anxious to protect his sister. He was about to shout out, when Vlad furiously clenched Acemi's wrist, and twisted his arm behind his back, then none too gently threw him forward so the guy stumbled. Vlad tightly gripped his daughter's shoulder. She still shuddered, as did the other girls. \"Go!\" Vlad demanded. \"Leave my castle now!\" \"You have no army and no choice, Prince.\" Hamza Bey shrugged nonchalantly. \"Follow our command, or suffer the consequences.\" Then he snapped his finger and the droning troop took their leave. Everyone was too stunned, frightened, and horrified to do anything else now but look at each other questioningly. Vlad watched helplessly as the Turks departed from sight. His trusted adviser came to his side. \"It must be done.\" Cazan whispered. \"Courage, anger, even love, none of these can matter to a prince. All that matters is his duty to his people.\" \"Th-thank you, Papa.\" Sarai whispered shakily. Vlad rubbed her shoulder then walked away. The people began to huddle close to one another and talk all at once. Vlad dejectedly returned to Mirena. She stood up, and lingered close to him. He firmly held her wrist. They said nothing, too overcome for words. Mirena leaned her head on his shoulder and he clasped his arm around her. Their eyes went to their precious children, and they both watched as Ingeras hurried over to his sister and she threw her arms around him. The rest of the former wonderful day dragged on languidly. The people begrudgingly finished the feast, though they had to force themselves. \"Return to your homes.\" Vlad said quietly. \"Rest assured, I will do what I can to see that our sons are safe.\" \"You're insane.\" Cazan scolded him. \"An order from the sultan cannot be challenged.\" Vlad heard him but did not acknowledge him. Instead, he addressed his people. \"Go in peace.\" He told them as they gathered their families to leave. Mirena came to his side and slipped her hand into his. \"What are we going to do?\" She asked quietly, her voice quivering. \"I don't know yet.\" Vlad shook his head. \"But I'm not going to let Mehmed just take our boys!\" Ingeras was already in bed when Vlad came to his room. \"Time for bed, my big soldier.\" He smiled at his son and sat down next to him. \"Papa?\" Ingeras spoke timidly. \"Yes?\" \"What...what does it mean, to be a royal hostage?\" Ingeras asked. Vlad sighed. \"My father gave me to the sultan to prove his loyalty.\" He said lowly. \"Were you scared there? With them?\" Vlad didn't want to burden his son's mind any heavier than it already was with his fear and concern for his good friends and playmates in the kingdom. \"I wanted to make my father proud.\" Vlad answered calmly. \"Was he proud of you?\" \"I don't know. It was a very long time before I saw him again. We didn't talk much about it.\" Vlad lied. \"Did he feel bad for giving you away?\" Ingeras inquired. \"I think so.\" Vlad nodded reassuringly, though he knew it was far from the truth. His father had been proud of the fierce warrior he'd become. He'd said he was sorry for what he'd had to go through, but that Vlad had certainly made up for it by his reknowned reputation. \"Would you ever give me to the Sultan?\" Ingeras asked solemnly. Vlad leaned close to his son, gazing sadly into his eyes. \"That was a very long time ago.\" Vlad shook his head. He stroked Ingeras's head. \"You have nothing to worry about! Do you understand?\" Ingeras nodded with small tears in his eyes. \"Good.\" Vlad smiled encouragingly. He kissed his son's head then he slowly left. Vlad heard voices coming from the master bedroom in the castle halls. He slowly approached as he neared it. \"Why does he want our boys?\" Vlad heard Sarai ask Mirena. \" I don't know. I guess he is planning to make more armies.\" Mirena said in hushed tones. \" But they're only boys! They aren't men.\" Sarai argued. \"And he can't just order them to be sold to him, like horses!\" \" Shh.\" Mirena shushed her daughter softly. Vlad slightly peeked inside. Mirena was holding her daughter close. \" Papa is a prince. So he has authority. He can tell the Sultan no, can't he?\" Sarai looked up at her mother anxiously. Mirena looked at her dismally. \" Your father will do what is best for all of us, my love.\" Mirena said bravely. \"He will not sacrifice the lives of others just to stroke someone's ego.\" Taking a deep breath, Vlad entered. \"It's been a long day.\" He spoke up, coming up behind them. They both looked up at him. \"Time for my younger princess to get her beauty sleep.\" He smiled. \"I'll put you to bed.\" Sarai glanced worriedly at Mirena who just smiled, nodding. \"It's all right, darling.\" She said sweetly, stroking her brunette hair. \"You've had enough to think about. We won't talk about it anymore tonight. Now off to bed.\" She kissed Sarai's cheek. \"Good night, my sweet. Pleasant dreams.\" \"Good night, Mother.\" Sarai said reluctantly, hugging Mirena. Sarai stood up and Vlad walked with her toward her bed chamber. He took her hand and firmly gripped it. \"Papa?\" Sarai squeaked. \"Yes, my princess?\" Vlad looked down at her as their pace slowed. \"The Sultan...he's not going to ask for Ingeras too, is he?\" Sarai asked anxiously. \"No.\" Vlad said firmly. \"He has no reason to. What would put an idea like that into your head?\" \"I'm just scared.\" Sarai hung her head as they reached her room. \"I know, darling.\" Vlad said sympathetically as Sarai slowly climbed into bed. \"But you and your brother are safe. So you must not worry about it anymore tonight.\" Sarai didn't get comfortable to go to sleep. She sat up, looking very troubled. Vlad sat on the edge of the bed. \"It will be all right.\" He told her, clasping her hand. \"The Sultan can't just take other people's children whenever he feels like it. Can he?\" Sarai asked frightfully. Vlad looked down at the bed covers. \"He thinks he can.\" He muttered quietly. \"But you don't have to do whatever he asks, do you?\" Sarai asked hopefully. \"You can stop him, can't you?\" Vlad gazed at his daughter thoughtfully. Every question and emotion she expressed, they were all feeling. She was still hoping for a way out of this mess and the last thing Vlad wanted to do was diminish her hopes. But he knew better. But he didn't want his children to live in fear. \"I will certainly try.\" Vlad spoke confidently. Sarai seemed to relax a little when he said that. \"He can't just do whatever he wants.\" She said. \"The sultan is the supreme ruler.\" Vlad said quietly. \"What he says is law. And what he decides must be obeyed.\" \"But what if what he says isn't right?\" Sarai pointed out. \"What if he tells the people to do something which is wrong?\" \"Then it shouldn't be done.\" Vlad said. \"But in this case, we don't have much choice.\" \"That's not right!\" Sarai exclaimed. \"I know.\" Vlad agreed. \"Can't that be changed? Rulers shouldn't be allowed to do anything they want, if it's wrong.\" \"You're absolutely right.\" Vlad smiled weakly. \"Papa? You promised us that you would always protect us from the Turks.\" Sarai said seriously. \"That's right.\" Vlad nodded. \"I will always do my best to keep you safe.\" \"You can sti ll protect us from them. Right?\" Sarai prodded. Vlad leaned close to her. \"Yes, my love!\" He told her firmly. \"I will always protect you.\" Sarai's lip quivered and she reached for him. Vlad embraced her warmly. \"It will be all right.\" He whispered. \"I'll find a way to protect our people.\" Sarai exhaled deeply, feeling her father's bold protection around her. Ever since she and Ingeras were little, their father had always been their source of safety and security, and Mirena their pillar of comfort. They'd always believed he would shield them from any enemy that came their way, real or make believe. And he always had. But this wasn't make believe, and this time, it felt so much bigger and far more frightening than even their heroic father could tackle alone! Vlad slowly pulled her back. He kissed her forehead. \"I love you, Sarai.\" He said wistfully. \"I love you too, Papa.\" Sarai said sadly. \"Now lie down. It's time to go to sleep.\" \"No.\" Sarai shook her head and sat up again. \"I think I'll go sit with Ingeras for a while.\" \"I think he'd like that very much.\" Vlad smiled. \"He's probably still awake.\" He kissed her hand then watched as she walked out of the room. So, that day there was no horse back ride with Vlad for Ingeras, and that night there was no special dance with Vlad for Sarai. Everyone was so deeply troubled about this impossible demand that they'd forgotten about those little pleasures. \"If I defy the order, they'll kill 100 for every one I save.\" Vlad stated gravely as he lay in bed next to Mirena. \"You told me you and Mehmed were once like brothers.\" Mirena looked down at him as she removed the cross necklace from around her slender neck. \"Were you to ask, isn't it possible he might show you some mercy?\" She asked hopefully. Vlad was silent. \"I do not know.\" He finally said, taking her hand. \"But I will go to him tomorrow, and plead with him. Perhaps I can persuade him to change his mind.\" \"May God go with you and grant you favor.\" Mirena declared.[Chapter 3] Mirena woke early to see Vlad put on his cape. He was wearing his charcoal gray armor. Mirena rose from the bed quietly, putting on her robe and came to his side. \"I pray he will listen to reason!\" She exclaimed, leaning on his arm. \"So do I.\" Vlad breathed heavily. He looked at her and held her by the shoulders. \"See that the children are not alarmed. I will return before nightfall.\" \"I love you.\" Mirena spoke in a whisper. \"I love you too.\" Vlad whispered back. He briefly kissed her lips, then hurried out. Mirena dressed, constantly praying that Vlad could reason with Mehmed. She made her way to the dining room where her son and daughter were waiting. \"Good morning, my loves.\" She smiled bravely as she took her place at the large table. \"Good morning, Mother.\" Sarai and Ingeras said together. \"Where is Papa?\" Ingeras asked. \"Is he coming to breakfast?\" Sarai added. \"No.\" Mirena sighed. \"He has gone. But he will come back.\" \"Where did he go?\" Ingeras prodded further. \"He left to try and straighten out this business that was brought to our attention yesterday.\" Mirena said, trying to hide her fear from her children. \"He will be back before bedtime tonight.\" \"I hope he can change the sultan's mind.\" Sarai stated dejectedly. \"I pray he will.\" \"If anyone can change the sultan's mind, Papa can!\" Ingeras announced cheerfully. \"I hope you're right, my son.\" Mirena smiled, Ingeras's keep-going attitude encouraging her a little. \"Well, what do you say we go riding after breakfast? Would you two like that?\" \"Yes!\" The children answered eagerly. Mirena only hoped that Vlad could come up with a solution to satisfy Mehmed just as easily! Vlad gazed down at and clenched the silver cross in his hand-to remind him of who he was-, then put it away as he drearily rode into the Turkish camp. Many soldiers recognized him and hailed the great impaler. Vlad ignored them, their praises sounded like noisy gongs in his ears. There were tents all around, mobile homes for thousands of Turkish soldiers. There at least a thousand, and more as far as the eye could see, stretching to the horizon toward the river. \"Have you ever seen the like of it?\" Captain Petru asked with disdain. \"Soon the entire world will be Turk.\" Dimitru muttered as they followed their prince. Vlad soon found the largest tent and dismounted his horse. He entered and found Mehmed leaning over a long table, his enormous strategy maps lain out before him. \"Lord Impaler, my oldest of friends.\" Mehmed greeted him, straightening up. \"Brother.\" Vlad bowed. \"Come. Sit.\" Mehmed told him and they sat by themselves. \"I miss our days together.\" Mehmed told him as they drank from steaming cups. \"All I miss from my time with you is the coffee.\" Vlad said sarcastically. \"It's true, my father's palace was a cruel place for a young boy far from home.\" Mehmed remarked, without a tinge of regret in his voice. \"But soon you talked like us, prayed like us, and fought like us.\" Vlad stared at him dismally, not wanting to relish in those dark memories. Mehmed might enjoy the recollection, but Vlad did not. And he never would. \"Speaking of which,\" Mehmed grinned at him, \"I am owed 1,000 boys. Why have I not seen them?\" Vlad took a deep breath. This was the moment of crucial fate. \"Mehmed, my brother?\" Vlad began in the most serious voice he could, \"I will grant you anything else...\" \"I need soldiers... brother.\" Mehmed snarkily cut him off, rising from his seat and went back to his maps. Vlad fought to control himself and stood up. \"Then take me!\" He begged. \"I'm worth 1,000 boys, and you know it!\" \"Ah, those kings would tremble if they knew.\" Mehmed shook his head, not facing him. \"Then accept my offer.\" Vlad persisted anxiously. Mehmed turned back to face him. \"When we were boys, how I longed to fight side by side. But now I am Sultan, what need have I for one more soldier? I will have my 1,000 boys. And one more!\" Vlad swallowed hard, his stomach twisted in an anxious, nauseous knot. \"Your son will be raised under my roof, just as you were raised under the roof of my father.\" Mehmed told him simply. Vlad's eyes bulged with rage and shock. He dropped back down into his chair, unable to speak. Mehmed gloated over the dismay etched all over his face. \"You may retain your throne.\" Mehmed shrugged, cutting his thumb. \"But General Ismail will remain to see that my orders are fulfilled.\" \"Please. Do not do this!\" Vlad pleaded desperately in Turkish. He watched helplessly as Mehmed pressed his bloody thumbprint on his written order, sealing the fate of all Transylvania, and Europe for that matter! \"What is one son?\" Mehmed snickered mercilessly. \"If you are virile, you'll make plenty more.\" Vlad was too overcome for words. He trembled with dread. No! Not his son too! This couldn't be happening! If only he could shake himself awake from this nightmare that was trying to drown him and all that he cared about! But Mehmed was beyond reasoning with. That meant only one thing: there was only one thing to do! \" ... I am in great distress. Please let us fall into the hand of the Lord, for His mercies are great; but do not let me fall into the hand of man.\" 2 Samuel 24:14[Chapter 4] Mirena's heart dropped when she was informed that she and the children must go to meet Vlad. She stiffened and looked blankly at the wall. \"All right!\" She answered the servant who had summoned her. She panted heavily, her shoulders shaking as she gazed up at the ceiling. \"No, no, no! Please, God! No! Don't let this be what I think it is! I beg of You! Please!\" Mirena prayed. Mirena called the governess. \"You called for me, my lady?\" She asked. \"Yes. Please fetch the children here.\" Mirena told her dismally. The governess nodded and obeyed. A few moments later, she arrived back in the drawing room with Ingeras and Sarai. \"That will be all. Thank you.\" Mirena told the woman who curtsied and left. \"What is it, Momma?\" Ingeras spoke up. Sarai frowned. She could tell her mother was upset about something. \"Children, grab your coats. Your...your father has asked us to meet him.\" Mirena explained as calmly as she could muster. \"Yes, Ma'am.\" Sarai gulped, but she didn't move very fast. Mirena stared off into space. \"Is everything all right, Momma?\" Ingeras asked her. \"I don't know.\" Mirena told him. This was one burden she couldn't pretend to hide from her children. \"We shall see.\" The tense drive was torturous. Mirena didn't say a word the whole way, and that greatly bothered her children. They had almost never seen her like this. She just endlessly gazed out the window. Sarai and Ingeras didn't know what to think, but they were both wondering if they'd ever see their home again. They made small talk, then just said nothing. Vlad was waiting for them when the carriage stopped. Mirena dismounted first and removed her cloak hood. She walked up the path passed Vlad, and saw Hamza Bey and his mounted soldiers approaching. NOO! Mirena's heart lurched. Her greatest fear had come to pass. They were here to take away her only son! This was what she had prayed so hard against. She sharply whipped around and marched to her husband. Vlad looked at her sadly. He could see the deep disappointment and betrayal in her eyes. I will go with him, Mirena. Vlad thought to himself. I will go and watch over him. If they want our son, they'll have to take me too. And if they can't accept that, then they will pay. \"You promised me this would never happen.\" Mirena said firmly, trembling. \"Mirena, listen...\" Vlad tried to explain calmly. \"The day you asked for my hand, do you remember what I said?\" \"You said no.\" Vlad answered quietly. Ingeras and Sarai were startled to see their parents fighting. They wanted to go stop it. \"No. Stay, my young friend.\" Dimitru told Ingeras, firmly holding his hand up as he walked to the pained prince and princess. \"Why are they arguing?\" Ingeras asked. Sarai put her hand on his shoulder. \"I'm afraid to say.\" She bit her lip. \"I knew what happens to the sons of the queen.\" Mirena continued. \"He's not going alone.\" Vlad told her, when he could get a word in edgewise. \"You said things would be different.\" Mirena said sadly, wringing his arm. \"Mirena, I will g...\" \"You said if I loved you, I should trust you. I love you!\" Mirena cried. Don't do this! Her face screamed at him. Don't put me in a place that I can't trust you! Don't, Vlad! It's not worth our son's life! \"Then trust me.\" Vlad said firmly, gripping her hand. \"It's this or we start a war.\" Cazan huffed behind Vlad. Dimitru came up and grabbed Mirena's arms. \"The Great Impaler can't please his woman.\" Hamza laughed in Turkish back at his men, who laughed too. \"Everything's fine, boys.\" Dimitru told Hamza. \"They're just saying their goodbyes is all. Mirena...\" \"I won't let you!\" Mirena argued, trying to wriggle from his hold. \"You promised me my family!\" \"Mirena, please.\" Vlad shook his head. \"Stop it! Don't touch me! I won't!\" Mirena screeched and struggled against Dimitru as he began to lead her away. Sarai held onto her brother. \"This can't be happening!\" She wailed. \"I won't let them do this! Vlad, don't!\" Mirena shrieked at her husband. Vlad walked to meet Hamza. He removed his sword from his belt and let it slip to the ground. \" No.\" Sarai gulped when she saw that. \"Don't do this!\" Mirena yelled and continued to fend Dimitru. She clutched her son, unwilling to let go of him. \"Mother...\" Sarai didn't know what to say. Ingeras looked on after his father. \"No! No! No, I won't let you do this!\" \"I'll go.\" Ingeras said. \"I won't! No!\" Mirena continued to screech. \" I'll go!\" Ingeras yelled, startling everyone. Freeing himself from Mirena and Sarai hanging onto him, Ingeras ran after Vlad. \"Ingeras, no!\" Sarai called after him. Mirena stumbled forward, but she didn't pursue him. They all just watched. Ingeras caught up to Vlad who looked down at him in surprise. \"I can do it.\" Ingeras smiled. Vlad's eyes became misty. \"You're proud of me aren't you?\" Ingeras asked when his father didn't say anything but gazed at him blankly. \"Of course I am.\" Vlad smiled sadly at him and taking his hand, they marched together to the greedy Turks. Sarai touched her mother's arm, both of them shocked and heartbroken. Hamza smiled coyly as Vlad and his son stood before him. \"You have chosen wisely.\" He told Vlad. \"Hamza Bey, if you must take my son, then...\" Vlad tried to speak. Ingeras wrapped his arms around his father's waist. Vlad touched his head. \"Yeah, I have to say, we are a little disappointed.\" Hamza sighed. \"Frankly, I expected more resistance from you.\" Vlad stiffened. This isn't a game, you dogs! He glared. His face grew hot. He glanced back at his wife. Mirena met his eyes. She waited with baited breath. Vlad looked at her and sighed. Mehmed could have whatever he wanted...in another kingdom! But never again...here. To heck with the sultan's order. Ingeras would never go with these men! They would steal his innocent spirit. He would be their puppet. NO! Vlad leaned down to his son's level and gazed into his eyes. \"Run to your mother.\" Vlad whispered. \"What?\" Ingeras sputtered. \"Now!\" Vlad told him urgently. Ingeras tore off and ran as fast as he could back to Mirena. Vlad swiftly stole Hamza's sword from his side and swung it. \"Come here!\" Mirena shrieked to Ingeras. \"Don't look!\" She covered his eyes with her cloak. Dimitru stepped in front of Sarai who gasped and quickly turned her head away, hiding her face from watching her father kill the soldiers. The soldiers screamed and cried as one by one, Vlad slew them with their own swords. And then, just like that, all was silent. Vlad panted heavily. He'd committed bloodshed, when he'd tried so hard to promote peace. This was bad for his country, at least in his enemies' eyes. But if it meant that the kingdom's sons would be spared...Vlad turned and walked back to his family. Mirena and Ingeras stood back up. Sarai ran to them. Dimitru stood at Mirena's side, smiling at his friend. Sarai hugged her brother. Mirena looked up at her husband with pride. Thank you, her face said. \"Mehmed will punish all of Transylvania for what you have done!\" Cazan spoke severely to Vlad. \"It's not a child's place to save his country.\" Vlad said to his wife. \"Get my family to the castle.\" He commanded Dimitru who nodded proudly. \"Mehmed will be sending others soon enough.\" Cazan went on. \"War will come. You can't protect us.\" \"I'll find a way.\" Vlad said determinedly, steely looking off into the distance. He jumped on his horse. \"Vlad! Where are you going?\" Cazan groaned. \"Whatever haunts Broken Tooth, I know it kills Turks.\" Vlad told him and urged his horse into a gallop. He bravely rode toward the eerie mountain. Vlad panted timidly when he reached the edge of the mountain. He dismounted and slowly began his ascent. It took two hours for him to reach his destination. He straightened up when he found the dreaded cave. He looked up into the sky before entering. \"God, forgive me.\" He breathed. Then he cautiously stepped forward to the dark mouth of the cave.[Chapter 5] Horrific, tragic images meshed together in front of Vlad's eyes in such a swirl that he didn't know what was going on. It was a nightmare, it had to be! Then a deafening roar escaped his own lungs. Suddenly, he could feel again and he began to regain his senses. He was flat on his back, in a river. He was wheezing frantically until he woke back up. He stared at his hand. He leaned over and pulled his wedding band off his finger as it was stinging his skin. Then he climbed over the rock to get back up, but his hand crunched the stone beneath him and he slipped back into the water. He'd scraped his hand and it hurt. He stared in amazement as the sharp abrasion disappeared. \"That's useful.\" He breathed. Then he stood up and looked around. Vlad had sought out the vampire monster isolating inside the cave at Broken Tooth Mountain. Knowing this was a powerful risk, he asked for the powers of a vampire, to defeat his enemies and save his kingdom and protect his family. The vampire told him that if he accepted this, it could lead to eternal, dire consequences including the desire to harm his beloved wife, his son, and his daughter. Vlad swore that he would die before ever harming them! The vampire gave Vlad his blood to drink, which accounted for his sickly transformation now. The powers of darkness the master vampire had granted him was a true devil's bargain: if Vlad could resist the urge to drink human blood for three days, by sunrise on the third day, he would then lose his powers and be restored to a human. If not, then he would be doomed to remain a full-fledged vampire... forever! He heard sounds like he never had before, or at least not as sharp and detailed as he had before. He looked into the woods, exploring his newly found powers, with his vampire vision. He could see miles away, he could see animals gallivanting around, but more than that, he could also see right through them! He couldn't help smiling. This was truly amazing! Then he looked up and gazed into the sky. He saw stars passed the clouds, then beyond the earth's surface he could see the galaxies in space. He smiled in awe. He stooped down into the water and retrieved his wedding ring. But seeing as the silver stung his skin, he slipped it onto a strand of black rawhide and hung it around his neck. Then his ears picked up on loud blasts in the distance. He looked and saw flares and explosions. His castle was under siege! Running as fast as he could, his speed was unbelievable. Then he transformed into a flock of bats that flew threw the air, then he returned to his own form again. The Turks were relentlessly firing their cannons at Castle Dracula, and from the looks and sounds of it, they were doing an efficient amount of damage. The people had obviously run to the castle for shelter, but the magnificent walls were tumbling all around them. People huddled and tried to shield their loved ones from the constant blasts. Vlad finally entered, watching in dismay as his terrified subjects were scattered under his roof, seeking protection but not getting it very well. Mirena saw him from the corner and ran to him. He grabbed her face and kissed her. \"You came back.\" She said in a frightened voice. \"I always will.\" Vlad told her. \"Where were you?\" \"Searching for the strength I needed.\" Vlad said, clasping her trembling hand. \"You're back!\" Ingeras smiled. \"Oh, Papa.\" Sarai breathed in relief. They ran to his side and he held them close. He gently broke away and stood on the stairwell. The people anxiously looked to him, asking what was going on. \"They wanted our sons. We can't fight. A good prince would've given them up. A good prince would've paid that price for peace. But I give you my word, we will not be defeated!\" Vlad declared in a loud voice. Dimitru nodded his approval. \"They brought war to our land. And they will pay dearly for it!\" The Turks were advancing on the castle. Vlad stood at the castle gate, tall and determined. His new vision enabled him to see through his vast pool of enemies. Clenching his fists, he stepped forward, then ran, and directly charged on the Turks. The men raced to the battlefield, and were struck dumb by the entire dead army of Turks blotting their land. Vlad walked up to them and told them not to question how he'd single-handedly killed them all, but he assured them that he would keep his people safe. With his order, the people gathered together and they all fled directly into the mountains, making their way to Cozia Monastery, too high and remote for cannon fire. Vlad said they would be safe there, it was their best chance for survival. Ingeras and Sarai looked back at the castle as they walked on, wondering if they would ever return. Mirena watched them and understood. She gave them an encouraging smile as they kept on moving. General Omer hurried to Mehmed to report on the ambush. \"Word from Castle Dracula.\" He told the sultan. \"Vlad has defeated 1,000 of our men.\" Mehmed cocked his head, a greedy smirk filling his face. \"Then send 100,000.\" He said casually. \"I will lead them. When I march into Europe, I will have his head on my spear and his child at my side.\" The caravan of refugees had finally made camp for the night, in a forest. Vlad and his men had scouted around to make sure there were no secret scouts sent from the Turks looking around, and now they were returning to rest. Dimitru mentioned that they could fight as their great-grandfathers did by using the forests and the mountains around the Borgo Pass for four to five months. \"No.\" Vlad shook his head. \"Not months. I'm gonna win this war in three days.\" Dimitru raised his eyebrows. \"Really? Why not two? That'd really impress us!\" Dimitru teased. Vlad cleared his throat in response. They returned and gathered around the fire. The men began eating as they were famished. Vlad watched them. He was also famished and felt hungry, but...not for human food. His senses as a vampire were kicking in and he was hungry...for blood. As he watched his men devour their food, the hunger grew stronger. Vlad shook his head and rose to his feet. He walked away, trying to shake off the gnawing in his stomach. He would resist! He entered his and Mirena's tent and sagged down onto the bed. Mirena sat up and rubbed his back. \"Are you all right?\" She asked quietly. \"I...I just want everyone to be safe.\" Vlad said. \"I know. So do I! We're doing the right thing, fleeing like this.\" Mirena sighed, leaning her head on his shoulder. That wasn't entirely what Vlad had been referring to, but it didn't make much difference. He turned his head and kissed her lips. Then he flopped down onto the bed, on his back, with his arm behind his head. Mirena stared at him curiously. His face looked so fearful, and so burdened. She wiped his sweaty forehead, running her fingers through his slick, dark hair. \"At least we're all together.\" She whispered. Vlad nodded slightly, but that didn't settle his unease. He unbuttoned his coat and untied his shirt front, maybe that would cool him off. Mirena lay down next to him, leaning her head on his bosom. She wrapped her arms around his robust frame. He stroked her hair and kissed her. Sarai lay close to her brother with her back to him. She couldn't sleep at all. She turned to see if he was awake. Sitting up, she saw that he was fast asleep. The arrival of Hamza today and what happened there, the bombing at the castle, and the journey here must have worn him out. \"How can he be asleep?\" She asked herself. Sarai quietly rose out of bed, and slipped into her travel dress over her nightgown-just in case they were ordered to suddenly move on in the middle of the night-. She was scared. She prayed endlessly that the Turks would never find them, that they would all be safe. Slipping into her coat, she stepped out of the tent into the cool night air. She crossed her arms and let the breeze blow her dark curls. She stayed close to the shelter, and looked up at the stars. They looked so serene, and unafraid. \"I wonder what it's like beyond those stars.\" She remarked. \"God, please keep us safe. Please help Papa and the men to defeat Mehmed, so that we can all go home and be happy again. Please.\" Sarai decided to take a short walk around the camp. She would stay within the circle of people, she didn't dare move outside of the boundaries! But she never noticed the two sinister figures lurking nearby in the shadows. Sarai was standing near the governess's tent, seriously thinking about going to visit her parents when she thought she heard something behind her. Ice ran down her spine and she whipped around to look. Nothing! Starting to shake, she whimpered and leaned against the tent. \"P-P-...\" She tried to speak but couldn't find her voice. \"P-P-Papa...\" She nearly squeaked, when something large, dark, and bulky pounced on top of her, pinning her into the dirt so hard that her shriek of fright was greatly muffled. The man covered her mouth so strongly, and gripped her body so hard that she couldn't utter a sound, his hulk too much for her fourteen-year-old frame. She was carried away, but she struggled in pure terror. She tried to scream but couldn't catch her breath. The guy's elbow was jabbing her sharply in the stomach. PAPA! She tried to cry out. PAPA! HELP ME! Papa, help me! Vlad held Mirena close to himself, and they could only hear each other's heartbeats, but his mouth started to water and he began to lick his dry lips. He bit his tongue to fight it off, but he found himself feeling hungry again. He shook his head, but the craving for his wife's blood only grew. Mirena's neck was so close to him. Gasping, he jerked himself up. \"What's wrong?\" Mirena asked, wide-eyed. \"I...\" Vlad panted. \"I...I need some air. I'm sorry.\" He gasped and backed himself out. Mirena watched him confused, and very concerned. Something had been a little off about him ever since he'd returned during the castle ambush. Vlad walked around nervously. He went back to the men, but backed away. \"Everything all right, my prince?\" Captain Petru asked. \"I, uh...I'm going to look in on my children.\" Vlad told them. He quietly walked to their tent, so not to startle them if they were sleeping. He poked his head inside. Ingeras was sleeping under his covers, but...where was his daughter? She wasn't in the corner. In fact, she wasn't in the tent! Trying not to panic, Vlad comforted himself with the thought that maybe she was seeking out her mother, or checking on the neighbors for the night. He briskly marched around, the entire camp, but there was no sign of Sarai. Beginning to really worry, he stuck his head in his and Mirena's tent then double-checked Ingeras's. No Sarai! Vlad breathed heavily. Sarai was missing! Where could she possibly be? She couldn't have wondered off. Had he missed something? Had some scouts snuck into camp without his noticing?! Vlad panicked. He marched angrily to his men sitting around the campfire. \"Up, you! On your feet!\" He growled. \"You're wasting time!\" \"Vlad, what is it?\" Dimitru asked calmly, rising to his feet. \"Sarai is missing!\" Vlad told him. \"She isn't anywhere around, I looked. She's gone. We must find her at once! Spread out! Do not rest until you find her!\" He ordered, then he climbed on his horse and galloped away. \"You heard him.\" Captain Petru said firmly. \"Search for the princess!\" Mirena had heard her husband's angered voice and she threw on her robe and ran outside. She dashed to the men. \"Dimitru, what's going on? Are we under attack?\" She asked frantically. \"I don't believe so.\" Dimitru told her, not entirely convinced himself. \"Sarai isn't around.\" Mirena gasped and her heart raced. \"Sarai! No!\" Mirena panicked. Dimitru held her by her arms. \"Mirena, please.\" \"My daughter! First, Ingeras and now Sarai!? Let go of me, Dimitru!\" \"Mirena, please stay calm. I'm sure she's all right. She must have just wondered off a little and isn't sure where she is.\" \"No. She would never do that when we are in such peril!\" Mirena argued. Running in the dark, the two Turkish thugs failed to noticed the twines and bog holes in the path they were fleeing. One of them flew over backwards from a log with tangled vines. Then the one who had captured Sarai collapsed to the ground as he twisted his ankle in a bog, which made him instantly let go of his prisoner. Sarai flew through the air and landed on the ground. She turned and ran with all of her might, screaming and calling desperately for help at the top of her lungs. \"PAPA!\" She wailed. \"Somebody, help me!\" But the soldiers weren't giving up that easily. The one using his blade to cut his vines, and the other galloping despite the pain in his ankle, they gave pursuit. Vlad put his hearing on full alert and narrowed his eyes, sharpening his vampire vision to scrutinize the woods for his missing daughter. \"Lord, watch over her!\" Vlad cried. He halted his horse, and listened, looking around. He heard screams, her screams! He whipped his head around toward the west. Peering, he saw her through his red vision. She was fleeing for her life from two tall figures, with very pointed stems coming out of their heads. Vlad's blood boiled and he bared his teeth. Leaping off his horse, he dashed straight for her. Sarai ran and ran, pumped by exhaustive adrenaline. She continued to yell and screech, hoping that someone would hear her. She had no clue of the swarm of bats that was coming her way with all possible speed. But her strength was giving out. She couldn't go on much longer without stopping for breath. She reached a pod of large rocks and crevices. She looked behind her and cried. The two guys were nearly upon her. \"NO!\" She wailed. \"No! No!\" And kept running. Sarai tripped over a stone and whimpering, anxiously tried to scramble to her feet. The thugs sneered down at her as they stealthily approached. \"No, please!\" She cried and grabbed a thick branch. They were about to bolt right at her when a swarm of bats collided with them from out of nowhere, knocking them off their feet. Sarai's heart jumped even more and she fled to hide behind the largest boulder she could find. Out of breath and shaking with terror, she clutched her weapon and leaned against the rock for safety. Vlad zapped around the Turkish killers in his disguise before taking on his real form. They gasped in fear but drew their blades. Vlad roared and slugged them, tossed them around, and knocked them against each other. Then he swiftly drew one of their swords and used it, slaying both of them so fast they didn't know what was happening! Sarai did not see Vlad from her hiding place. All she could do was shudder at hearing the men screech like eagles, and growl like tigers. The two Turks lay on the ground, lifeless. Vlad, still snarling, forced the sword into the ground. His sharp ears heard frightened whimpering around the corner. Sarai's heartbeat was pounding so frantically, she was almost sure the entire Turkish army would hear it. The icy fingers of terror raced through her blood as did the cold sweat down her soft features. She clasped the thick limb so hard that it trembled in rhythm with her shaking. But someone did hear her escalated heart convulsing. And that someone was approaching her hiding spot ever so slowly. And each step he came closer stole Sarai's breath away. A tall, dark figure turned the corner facing her. It took all of Sarai's feeble willpower not to screech out loud. The shadowed man slowly walked to her. Then in the blessed beams of the moon, she saw his face. Oh, how she knew that face, that handsome, always so strong and fearless face, the boldness reflecting in his features. Then he quietly whispered her name, \"Sarai.\" Vlad said quietly, so not to frighten her. Sarai was unable to hold in a great sob of relief. Vlad gazed at her dismally. She was uncontrollably trembling like a sturdy tree in a hurricane, her knuckles white, her soft eyes glistening in the moon beams from tears streaming down her face. Vlad let out a long breath himself. She was momentarily traumatized from her near brush with a brutal, undignified death which sent blood rushing through Vlad's ears every time he considered that fact in his too vivid imagination. But he silently thanked God over and over that at least she was safe! Safe and as far he could see, unharmed physically. He reached out his hand to help her up. \"Sarai. It's okay. It's me. It's okay, come here.\" He said soothingly, as if she were a frightened little animal. She slowly rose to her feet, her knees buckling and her slight frame still trembling. She hung her head and let the branch slip from her fingers. She took her father's hand and his firm, familiar grip filled her with an electrifying sensation of utter safety. He pulled her to himself and cupped her small face in his hands. He looked down lovingly into her eyes. \"Ohhh, Papa...\" She hiccuped, barely able to speak, leaning her head against his chest. He tightly clasped his arms around her and kissed the top of her hair. \"It's all right.\" Vlad breathed. \"You're safe.\" \"I'm s-so glad you came!\" Sarai cried. \"So am I.\" \"I was so afraid!\" \"Shh.\" Vlad whispered. \"Come. Let's get you to your mother. She's worried sick.\" Keeping a strong arm around her shoulders, he led her back toward his horse. \"It's all right, darling. I'll never let anything happen to you, to any of you!\" \"Papa?\" She whimpered, looking up at him. \"Yes, my dear?\" \"T-th-th-hank you.\" Sarai cried. \"You're welcome, my princess.\" Vlad sighed. Sarai's knees were wobbly, and she was still shivering. Vlad halted and scooped her feet up off the ground, bridal-style. She felt like a small bird in his arms. She leaned her face on his shoulder, her arms clasped tightly around his neck, and she quickly fell asleep as Vlad carried her back. Dimitru and the others glanced toward Vlad when he returned shortly. They ran to the prince. Vlad dismounted and panted with a smile and a subtle nod to let them know the young princess was all right. Dimitru smiled in relief. Vlad made his way to his tent. When he stepped inside, Mirena and Ingeras were both sitting on the bed and anxiously looked up at him. Her eyes widened in fear when she saw her daughter's sleeping form in her husband's arms, and for a few terrifying seconds, she feared the worst. Vlad gazed at her calmly. \"Sarai?\" Ingeras whimpered. \"It's all right, Mirena.\" Vlad told his petrified wife. \"She's all right.\" Mirena gasped in relief. Vlad leaned his head down and gently shook his daughter's shoulders. \"Sarai? Sarai.\" He whispered. \"We're back. Come on, wake up.\" Sarai stirred. She could feel her father's warm breath on her face and hear his deep, husky voice in her ear. She didn't want to wake up. She felt so secure when he held her, she wanted to stay there forever. She slowly opened her eyes. \"Sarai.\" Mirena gulped. Sarai fluttered her eyes open and looked toward that dear, sweet voice. \"Mother.\" She whimpered. Vlad set her back down on her feet and Sarai hurried to the bed, to her mother's arms. Ingeras hugged his sister too. Vlad let out a breath of relief. \"Oh, we were so worried about you.\" Mirena said with tears of relief. \"What happened?\" Ingeras asked. \"I was walking around, because I couldn't sleep.\" Sarai answered. \"I didn't wander! I didn't! I stayed inside the camp, I promise I did! But then, someone came at me and took me away! It was the soldiers!\" She shuddered at the memory. Mirena strengthened her hold on her. \"You're safe now. That's all that matters.\" She shushed her gently. \"Papa saved me!\" Sarai blurted out, tightly hugging her mother's body. \"I almost fainted, and I couldn't get away fast enough. But Papa came and he saved my life!\" Ingeras looked up at his father with pride, as did Mirena. \"Thank God you're both all right.\" Mirena breathed. \"It's been a long day. Come, I'll tuck you both in.\" \"Come here first.\" Vlad told his children. They rushed to his side where he hugged them tightly. He bent down and kissed both their heads. \"We'll be all right.\" He whispered soothingly. \"Sweet dreams, my loves.\" \"Goodnight, Papa.\" Ingeras looked up at him sadly. Sarai didn't want to let go of him. \"It's all right, Sarai. Go with your mother.\" Vlad told her gently but firmly. He smiled at her as she looked up at him anxiously. \"Come now.\" Mirena put her arms around her children. \"Thank you, Papa.\" Sarai cried. Vlad nodded as Mirena walked out with the children. His shoulders sagged and he breathed heavily. That had been a close call, too close! He was just eternally grateful that he'd been there when his daughter needed him most. He just hoped and prayed he'd be able to protect all of his people that way, and defeat these monsters before time ran out. And...that he would resist harming any of them to fill his hunger! \"But I don't want to go to sleep.\" Sarai gulped. She and Ingeras were lying in bed, Mirena sitting on the edge, clasping her hand and stroking her face. \"I'm afraid.\" \"Shhh. Nothing is going to happen to us anymore tonight!\" Mirena told them confidently. \"Try to rest now.\" \"But, Momma...\" Ingeras started to worry too. \"Hush.\" She said gently. Then she began to sing her special lullaby, the one she'd sang to her children ever since they were babies: \" Think of me every day Hold tight to what I say, And I'll be close to you Even from far away. Know that wherever you are It is never too far. If you think of me, I'll be with you.\" Mirena's slow, angelic voice soothed both Sarai and Ingeras. She kept singing until they appeared calm, and the exhaustion from their tumultuous day washed over them. Mirena leaned down and kissed both of them. \"Goodnight, my loves. Sleep well. God keep you through the night.\" Mirena whispered. Vlad had slowly emerged from the tent and was outside his children's, unbeknownst to them, keeping watch as Mirena tried to put them to sleep. Her sweet singing was enchanting, and he let it fill his tense vibes with calm. Then he walked off. As he walked away from camp, Vlad realized he was being followed. His servant, Shkelgim insinuated that he knew what Vlad was up to, that he was a vampire. He tried to offer the prince his own blood. Ticked, weary, and trying to gain peace of mind, Vlad told him to shut up and leave him alone. Shkelgim persisted till Vlad pinned him against a tree and viciously warned him for the last time, to leave. Shkelgim obeyed. Vlad saw the cup of blood the servant had left. His nostrils picked up the scent and his mouth watered. Letting out an angry, loud cry, Vlad kicked the cup away as far from him as possible. He dropped to his knees, panting. He looked up to the sky and clasped the wedding band around his neck. He clenched it despite the stinging. \"God, help me to resist! Please don't let me give in!\" He pleaded. When Mirena woke the next morning, Vlad was not in bed beside her. She looked around, and noticed his lanky figure lying in the corner, covered in a rough blanket. He was gasping and moaning in his sleep. Mirena slowly came to his side. Kneeling down, she pulled the blanket back and gasped in confusion. The childhood scars on his back, his war wounds that had been there since she'd known him...were gone! Mirena didn't know what to think, then Vlad turned from his side onto his back. Something was really wrong with him! He was sweating and gasping. Mirena stared in dismay when she saw his wedding band on a chain around his neck instead of his ring finger. Vlad suddenly bolted upright, panting heavily. He looked horrified with himself when he saw his wife. \"Mirena!\" He exclaimed. \"Your scars are gone. What's happening to you?\" Mirena asked cautiously. \"I'm the thing men fear on Broken Tooth. Not a ghost. Something else.\" Vlad told her. \"What do you mean?\" Mirena asked, afraid to find out. Vlad snatched up his knife and slashed a hole in the tent, letting in direct sunlight. He couldn't keep this dark secret from his soul mate any longer! He couldn't hide it from Mirena. As the rays hit his bare chest, his skin crackled and crunched up, evaporating into thin air. He groaned in turmoil at the scalding was causing his body. Mirena was absolutely mortified. \"No! Stop it!\" She cried, grabbing him by the arms and yanking him down onto the bed where it was shady. \"May God strike down whoever did this to you.\" Mirena declared. \"I chose this.\" Vlad responded in a strained voice. \"This...this was the strength you sought?\" Mirena gaped. \"But...but why?\" Vlad sadly looked up at her. \"Because I sent corpses back to Mehmed, instead of our son.\" He said. \"You did this for us?\" Mirena whimpered, tears spilling down her cheeks. \"In two days I'll be restored.\" Vlad said confidently, but he was still shaken up. He straightened up and curled up on the bed. \"I just have to resist.\" Mirena leaned close to him. \"Resist what?\" Vlad didn't answer. \"Resist what , Vlad? Tell me!\" Mirena begged. Vlad looked at her with heartbreak in his eyes. \"A thirst...for blood.\" He whispered. Mirena looked away, crying and struggling to digest this horrible truth. She sank down on the bed, hanging her head. \"And if you were to give in?\" She finally spoke. \"Then I become this for eternity.\" \"You will undo this, won't you?\" Mirena asked hopefully. Vlad gripped her hand. \"Yes, I swear it. I will not give in.\" Vlad declared to her. \"Then God will forgive you.\" Mirena sniffled, gazing into his face. Vlad brought her hand to his face, nuzzling it and kissed her palm, then kissed her knuckles. Dimitru walked in on them. \"Vlad, Mehmed is getting closer. We might want to move out soon.\" He told him urgently. Vlad nodded then looked at his wife. \"I need you to get to the monastery as quickly as you can! Mehmed's men will be close by.\" \"No.\" Mirena shook her head. \"Listen to me.\" Vlad gripped her arms. \"You must go! I will reach you after sundown. I promise you.\" Mirena nodded, disheartened. \"I love you.\" After dressing, Mirena told Dimitru that they would all be traveling under his command. Dimitru wanted to know where Vlad would be and Mirena told him that he was spying on the Turks. Dimitru was appalled at the idea, but Vlad was already gone. So they had no choice but to move on. Vlad stayed behind all day, waiting for sundown. Once it was finally dark out, he transformed into a swarm of bats and pursued his party. Mirena's face lit up as they could hear church bells in the distance! \"Listen. We're nearly there.\" She smiled. Everyone sighed in great relief and hurried along. Unfortunately, the Turks had other plans! They descended onto the unsuspecting travelers like a pack of wolves. \"Cover the rear!\" Captain Petru shouted as he and the men drew their weapons to fight off the troops. \"Mirena! Mirena! Ingeras!\" Dimitru yelled, grabbing Mirena's arm. \"Come with me! Sarai! Follow me!\" The three of them ran with him away from the mob. \"Couldn't these monks have built their gates a little closer?\" He muttered when they reached a cliff, cutting off any escape. The horrid Bright Eyes was at their heels and stealthily approached with both of his sharp blades. \"Stay behind me.\" Dimitru told his friends. Bright Eyes advanced and Dimitru charged at him, fending him off. But then the killer struck him right through the ribs. \"Didn't the Turks teach you anything new?\" Dimitru asked sarcastically. \"I saw your blade coming from...\" But he collapsed to the ground. \"Ingeras? Sarai. Run!\" Mirena told her loved ones. \"But what about you?\" Sarai gasped. \"GO!\" Mirena shouted. Grabbing her brother's hand, Sarai and Ingeras frantically fled, leaving Mirena alone and defenseless. Her heart raced in terror as Bright Eyes stepped toward her. \"Where is your prince now, my lady?\" He sneered. Suddenly, a swarm of bats raced behind his ears. He turned fearfully but saw nothing. Then it happened again and then again. Until Vlad transformed into himself, growling like a beast right in Bright Eyes' face, making him stumbled backwards...over the edge of the cliff! Vlad's breathing evened out, he glanced to Mirena, making sure she was all right. Then his eyes fell on Dimitru and he rushed to his side. Dimitru was struggling to brace himself against a tree. \"Dimitru.\" Vlad panted, kneeling next to him. \"It's okay! It's okay.\" He told him reassuringly. \"V-Vlad...\" Dimitru tried to speak, his face lighting up seeing his friend. \"Dimitru, listen. Listen.\" Vlad tried to speak, but Dimitru didn't hear him. His features became lax and his eyes were glossy. Vlad could hear his heart die within him. \"Dimitru...Dimitru!\" He tried to get a response from his friend. He looked down at his hand and saw his friend's crimson blood staining his palm. \"No!\" Vlad bit his lip. He heard a small, crying voice. He turned and saw his son standing there, weeping. \"Come here.\" Vlad hurried to him and sadly gathered his son up in his arms. \"Come here.\" \"Never leave us again, Papa.\" Ingeras cried on his shoulder. \"Never!\" Vlad told him, his own voice cracking. \"I will always watch over you.\" \"Dimitru!?\" Sarai gasped. \"Dimitru...no!\" She began weeping too. She ran to her father and Mirena walked to Vlad, who tightly wrapped his arms around both of them. \"I hate that Mehmed.\" Sarai sobbed. \"Why does he have to be heartless? I hate him...\" Mirena only sheltered her face with her hand. Vlad tightened his hold on his whole family who were clutching him for protection and comfort right now. I will put an end to this. I swear it! He silently promised himself, and them.[Chapter 6] In answer to Guest's question, yes. Sarai is older than her brother. Ingeras is ten and Sarai is fourteen. I'm glad you like her interactions in here with Vlad. Thank you, people for leaving reviews! Feedback is appreciated. This fanfic is based on the movie plot. My others-Lord willing-will be different. I am working on my next chapter for Learning You Were Wrong. It's on its way, I just have to finish it. The monastery gates finally appeared! When Vlad arrived, Cazan scolded him as usual. Vlad ignored him and angrily told the kneeling monks to get to their feet. \"The Turks are coming. Prayers will not defend these walls!\" He told them. Several suspicious eyes were watching him closely. His powers were very unusual. Vlad turned to Mirena. \"You and Sarai get settled. It's been a long journey. You go ahead. We'll be along.\" He said. Mirena nodded and pulled Sarai along with her. The women and children started making their temporary homes, while Vlad took Ingeras with him to the armory. \"Do you believe we can do this?\" Captain Petru asked Vlad. \"Mehmed's men will be coming from the north. Double our sentries on the perimeter walls. Go, do it now.\" Vlad commanded. Ingeras was standing in the hallway, staring at a locked, heavy metal door at the far end. Vlad's face fell. He knew what was in there and didn't want his son to ever see it. He walked to him. \"What's in there?\" Ingeras asked curiously. Vlad touched his shoulder. \"Something I hope to never use again.\" Vlad said in a disheartened tone. \"Come now.\" He slowly pulled his son away, yet he lingered looking at the door. The secret behind that door was dark and painful. He'd hoped it had been buried ages ago. But it was coming back to the surface. Vlad walked away with his back to it. Vlad and his son entered Mirena's room, where she and Sarai had made up cots on the floor for Sarai and Ingeras. \"It's small, but it's comfortable.\" Mirena told him. Vlad nodded his approval. He ruffled Ingeras's hair. \"You should all get some sleep. There are still a few hours before daylight. You must be tired.\" He said. \"You children go ahead.\" Mirena agreed. Sarai didn't have to be told twice. She lay down on her cot, curling up and immediately yawned. Ingeras lay down next to her on his. \"Aren't you going to sleep, Momma?\" Ingeras asked, who hadn't realized until now how tired he was. \"No, I'm all right.\" Mirena said. \"But you two need some rest. Go to sleep.\" Ingeras and Sarai stared up at their father, his tall height towering over them as he kept silent watch. He smiled reassuringly to them. They both smiled back. Just seeing him in here, they felt so safe! In a few moments, they were lost in a restful slumber. \"Be careful.\" Mirena told Vlad seriously. \"I will.\" Vlad said. He bent down forward with his hands on the bed and kissed her mouth. \"I love you.\" \"I love you too.\" Mirena smiled sadly. Hours Later It was afternoon. Vlad was gathering his men for instructions on their battle plan. He was walking out with them when he suddenly halted in front of a patch of sunlight. Oh, he couldn't step there! He backed up. He glanced forward and saw the monk Lucien gazing pensively at him. Vlad nodded nervously and briskly walked away...in the shade. Lucien was following him. Vlad made his way into the blacksmith's shop, keeping in the shadows, avoiding the sunlight. \"Prince Vlad? The vampire is vulnerable to daylight.\" Lucien's voice said behind him. Vlad froze. His condition was not a secret anymore! What should he do? \"And to pure silver.\" Lucien continued, drawing out his sword. Vlad turned back and stared at him hurtfully. \"Yet the holy cross exerts no power over you. That can only mean you have yet to seal your fate here with human blood.\" All the men in the shop backed away in fear. \"Lucien, listen to me.\" Vlad tried to stay calm. \"I can explain...\" \"Let me kill you now, my prince.\" Lucien interrupted him. \"Please. Before your people do. Rumor has spread of what you have become. You can still repent.\" \"You would do well to run, Lucien.\" Vlad said in a warning tone. Lucien sharply whipped around and shredded a hole in the tent with his sword, letting in the direct sunlight. It hit Vlad straight on and his face began to burn away! \"It's true! He's a monster!\" The people shouted, fleeing the tent for their lives. Vlad cried out and backed into the shade again. \"He's a monster! Kill the monster!\" Everyone hollered. Mirena saw what was happening and rushed to try and calm them. \"NO! Please! Listen, he is your prince. He has earned the chance to explain. Listen! Stop!\" Mirena shouted. But no one would listen to her. \"Kill the monster!\" \"He's your prince!\" \"Satan lives in his heart! This monster is a threat to our very existence! He will curse us all if we don't stop him!\" The citizens grabbed lit torches and set the tent on fire! It immediately burst into flames. \"VLAD!\" Mirena screeched. \"NO!\" Sarai cried too. \"PAPA!\" Ingeras yelled. \"Mirena!\" Captain Petru grabbed her and pulled her and the children away. \"He is only trying to protect us all!\" Mirena told him. Vlad let out a tormented, unearthly yell of pain that echoed horribly. Mirena beckoned one of the handmaidens. \"Take them to my room and close the door. Do not let them look outside.\" She said firmly. \"Okay.\" The girl nodded. \"Momma!\" Ingeras protested as he and Sarai were pulled away. Heart racing, having no idea wha would transpire, Mirena bravely stepped forward to face whatever unthinkable disaster was to emerge from that burning tent. She braced herself, afraid of what she would see. Vlad screamed again, then his voice changed into a snarl, the growl of a beast. He slowly stepped out of the tent, breathing heavily like a provoked bull. His eyes were red with rage and his face was terribly marred. The handmaiden tromped up the stairs with the royal children, but they all stopped and looked through the railings, of what they could see from behind the water wheel. Everybody waited and watched with baited breath. Vlad looked over his subjects like a wild animal. He was furious. \"This is your loyalty? Your gratitude?\" He growled. Nothing but silence came from the crowd. \" Fools. Do you think you are alive because you can fight? Come on.\" He snatched a large beam of wood from the flames, holding it as if he were about to run someone through with it. Mirena noticed this and marched toward her enraged husband. \"You are alive... because of ME! BECAUSE OF WHAT I DID TO SAVE YOU!\" Vlad screeched. Mirena silently came to him. She said nothing as he stared at her. She softly put her hand on his chest. As his breathing slowed down, he hung his head. \"This is not who you are.\" Mirena told him with tears in her eyes. Vlad sadly looked up-the redness gone from his eyes-, still disappointed and angry at his people who had turned on him. Mirena glanced in the direction of their children. Vlad looked at them too. He saw the petrified, disheartened countenances of his dear son and daughter. They had never seen him like this. That's right. They were why he had done this in the first place! He tossed the beam aside. \"Return to your stations.\" He commanded, still not entirely calm. \"Believe me, there is still more to fear!\" He marched away in a spell. The crowd dissipated. The governess walked up to Mirena. \"I'm sorry.\" She said. Mirena glanced at her. \"We must keep them calm.\" Mirena said, her heart aching at what her children had witnessed. She had wanted so badly to keep them from it! \"There is much to be explained. They needn't be frightened by truth.\" Neither Ingeras nor Sarai saw their father for the rest of the day. That Night It was dark now. Once he had been alone and managed to compose himself calming down, Vlad found himself in the small chapel. It was quiet in there and he needed to remember why he was doing this. \"Lord, if You have not yet forsaken me, grant me Your strength that I may resist the darkness.\" He prayed earnestly in one of the pews. \"Allow me to endure this test one more day. I beg You. Please!\" Vlad sighed when he heard soft footsteps. He turned his head and saw his son standing there. He had not expected Ingeras to show up! What was he doing here? Ingeras dejectedly approached, hanging his head. I'm sorry, son, Vlad thought. I'm sorry for what you had to see today. Ingeras finally met his eyes. \"Are you sick?\" He asked in a small voice. Vlad furrowed his brows. \"If you were sick, I thought it might make you feel better.\" Ingeras handed him a small sack. Vlad opened it to find a small loaf of bread. \"Thank you.\" He smiled softly at his son. \"Come.\" He patted the seat next to him. Ingeras sat down beside him. Vlad broke the bread in half and handed him some. Vlad gazed lovingly at his little prince with pride. \"You'll make a great leader someday.\" He said. \"You think of others before yourself.\" Ingeras stared up at him like a lost puppy. \"When the Turks came to take me, you stopped them.\" He remarked. \"That's why you got sick, isn't it? To save me?\" Vlad bit his lip. This 'sickness' as his son put it was his vampire powers. So, Ingeras knew. He knew something was going on, but as a long talk with Mirena would have it, Ingeras was trying to support and love his father, even though he didn't understand it all. \"Yes.\" Vlad answered him with a firm smile. \"And I would do it all again!\" Ingeras's lip quivered and he buried himself in Vlad's arms, whimpering. Vlad kissed his head and held him close. This was what he was fighting so hard for! And this moment made it all worth it! \"Papa?\" Ingeras squeaked. \"Yes?\" Vlad looked down at him. \"You're going to get well again. Won't you?\" \"I will.\" Vlad told him, stroking his face. He stood up and taking Ingeras's hand, they both walked out of the chapel.[Chapter 7] \" You're giving me Too many things lately You're all I need. You smiled at me and said… I don't think life is quite that simple…\" It had taken over an hour before Ingeras was calm enough to break away from his father's embrace and lie down on his pillows. Then he'd begged Vlad not to leave his side until he fell asleep. Vlad had willingly complied, wanting to do anything to bring comfort to his troubled son. This is so wrong, Vlad had thought to himself as he clasped Ingeras's hand in his own. A child should not be forced to live with such heavy burdens on his heart! Children should be able to run around free, to play and laugh, the way they were created. No child should live in fear like this. With God's help, I will make that true for my son again, and for all the children in our kingdom! I swear it on my life. All children in the world would be better off not to have the horrific, dark childhood that he had! It was the middle of the night. Vlad winced, shaking his head. He couldn't fail this test! If he did, everything he loved and held dear would be destroyed and his whole life would never be his own again. His ears picked up slow, soft footsteps approaching. He knew who it was. He turned back to see his daughter standing in the doorway, attired in her favorite royal blue day dress. This was the second time tonight that one of his children had taken him by surprise with their presence at a moment of deep pondering. Sarai gazed at him solemnly, the same look her brother had worn a few hours earlier. Vlad again couldn't get over how beautiful and fair she was, both inside and out. Her long chocolate waves lay on her shoulders. She had inherited her mother's best features and virtues. But her disheartened countenance broke his heart. \"Sarai, what is it?\" He asked. She slowly walked to him. \"You look troubled, my darling. What is the matter?\" \"Papa...the danger isn't over yet, is it?\" Sarai gulped. She wasn't referring to the invasion from the Turks. \"No. No it isn't.\" Vlad shook his head, every inch of his voice tinged with regret. \"We all know that something's happened to you.\" Sarai hung her head. \"Something that you can't tell Ingeras and me about. But it's really dangerous, isn't it, for all of us? Especially you.\" Vlad sighed. His children were wise beyond their years for ones so youthful. \"Yes, it is.\" He said. \"But I'm fighting it!\" \"What's going on with you...Mother told me that I shouldn't ask what it is, and I won't. But...is there one thing you can tell me?\" Sarai begged. \"What is it?\" Vlad asked. \"Papa...the...the danger, the...the trouble you're in...it won't... it won't last forever! Will it?\" Sarai breathed anxiously. She wasn't a little girl anymore, and even though she was afraid of his answer to her question, it was worse not knowing the end of this fear that had been pressing on her mind. Vlad's face fell even more. He took her hands in his. He wished so hard that she hadn't asked him that. But she wanted to know the truth and as much as he wanted to, he couldn't lie to his family, even to keep them safe. \"I pray not!\" He told her as confidently as he could, trying to offer any reassurance within his power. Sarai gazed down at her feet. She'd hoped that her father could tell her something that would ease her fear. But he hadn't. But he'd been honest. \"I'm afraid, Papa.\" She whimpered. \"I'm so afraid.\" \"I know.\" Vlad said sympathetically. \"Come here.\" He pulled her next to himself on the bed and she leaned on him. \"Dimitru was killed,\" Sarai said, \"and...I'm scared something bad is going to happen to us! I don't want any of you to die!\" Vlad was torn. This was what he was fighting so hard for, to keep his family safe and together. It would kill him to lose any of them. If anything took his beloved wife or his dear children away from him forever, he knew he wouldn't want to live! He couldn't go on without Mirena, and his children were his greatest treasures. \"I won't let that happen.\" Vlad said firmly. \"I'll always watch over you, all of you.\" \"I don't understand all of it,\" Sarah gulped, \"but I know you wouldn't do this unless you felt it was the best way to defend us. I just hope it's the right thing!\" \"Me too.\" Vlad whispered. He kissed the top of her hair and just let her hold tight to him. It had been so much easier to comfort his children when they were little, where he could assure them that he would scare off any monsters or dangers that threatened them and they believed him. But now they were growing up, and sadly, they were being forced to see upfront just how cruel the world could be. \"I'm glad you stopped them from taking Ingeras away.\" Sarai spoke up. \"I'm praying for you, Papa.\" \"Thank you.\" Vlad inhaled deeply. \"That means a lot to me. You're going to make some lucky man a wonderful wife someday, my princess.\" He stroked her cheek. \"You stand by others when they need a helping hand. That's what will make you a wonderful queen over the land.\" \"I don't want to be queen.\" Sarai muttered, staring at the wall. \"You don't?\" Vlad cocked his head. \"If I were to become queen, that means...\" Sarai gulped, \"that means that Mother would have to be dead.\" Tears welled up in her eyes. The thought alone made her shudder. \"Not necessarily.\" \"We couldn't ever lose Mother!\" Sarai sniffled. Vlad rubbed her shoulder. Sarai was an optimist, and rarely spoke this morbidly about things. This whole mess was already taking a toll on her. Vlad gripped her arm. Seeing his children in pain made him all the more determined to put this miserable war to an end! \"You mustn't fret, my dear.\" He said soothingly. \"I can't help it. I don't want anything to happen to any of you.\" Sarai said in a cracked voice. \"Sarai, look at me.\" Vlad told her. Sarai slowly obeyed. \"We're going to be okay. And if something did happen, we care about each other, and that means that we'll always be together, no matter what. Love lasts forever.\" His words were comforting, but they still couldn't drive away the icy knot in her stomach. \"You'll always take care of us, won't you, Papa?\" She asked. \"Yes! I promise.\" Vlad said firmly. \"And I'm very proud of you, honey. Of both of you.\" Sarai wept a little and clung to him for safety. She was truly afraid, and it seemed that nothing could ease her lingering fear. Had she been anyone else, his firm embrace would've crushed her. Vlad had sent Sarai back to bed, then just stood for hours just watching over his sleeping children. They looked so peaceful as they slept, so carefree. How he envied them. He was not about to let himself sleep. He knelt down between the two of them, and gently placed his hands on their heads, smoothly enough so as not to startle them. He looked up at the ceiling. \"Lord, this fight is coming to an end.\" He prayed. \"Whatever happens, I want my family to be safe. If we are unable to win this war, I beg You to look after my dear ones and keep them from harm. I ask nothing for myself, only that You protect them and my people. Please!\" It was an hour before daylight, and the sky was overcast with dark gray clouds. It was ironically symbolic of the approaching disaster coming their way at this moment. The kingdom was awake, preparing for battle. Sarai and Ingeras were no longer asleep but wide awake. Vlad slowly trudged up the tower of the monastery. He saw Mirena standing outside at the railing. Her long blonde hair beautifully swept on her head with her extended locks covering her back. The breeze blowing her long white trestle dress made her look like an angel. She always had been his angel. Vlad slowly, quietly stepped out behind her. He gazed far into the distance with his vampire vision and his heart sank at what he saw: a massive army of the Turkish troops were coming directly at them. He knew this was coming, but it was discouraging. \"They're almost here.\" He sighed. \"Dawn will breaking soon, and with it the loss of my powers. If we've not won this war by then...\" His voice dropped. \"I will fight beside you until death.\" Mirena declared, gazing up at him. Vlad looked at her. \"Your death would end my fight.\" \"We have done the duty of any good parent.\" Mirena said encouragingly. \"Protected our children. Protected all the children in the kingdom.\" \"Perhaps our destiny was not to rule in this life.\" Vlad stated sadly. Mirena smiled. \"Do you remember our wedding vow? 'Why think separately of this life and the next'...\" \"'When one is born from the last?'\" Vlad smiled back, finishing the line. \"Time is always too short for those who need it. But for those who love, it lasts forever.\" Mirena said. Vlad pulled her close and lovingly kissed her. She was his angel, and she always would be. Mirena was a gorgeous person to look at, but to know her far surpassed her outward physical appearance. Every time she helped him back on his feet, Vlad only loved her more for it. They both basked in the warmth and comfort of one another. They held tightly to each other, till Vlad's ears heard the marching of the Turks and he dismally glanced in their direction. They were closer! He could see them down in the valley. Mirena slowly looked down. They gazed at each other. \"You must go.\" She said urgently. Vlad gave her one last hug and kiss. \"I love you.\" He said. \"I love you too. Be careful!\" Mirena told him. He reluctantly left her side, then departed to go fight with his men. \" When you walk away You don't hear me say ' Please, oh baby Don't go. Simple and clean is the way that you're Making me feel tonight;' It's hard to let it go. The daily things that keep us all busy Like this and that and what is what Are confusing me. That's when you came to me and said, ' Wish I could prove I love you But does that mean I have to walk on water? When we are older you'll understand It's enough when I say so And maybe some things are that simple.' Chorus: When you walk away You don't hear me say ' Please, oh baby Don't go. Simple and clean is the way that you're Making me feel tonight.' It's hard to let it go. Hold me Whatever lies beyond this morning Is a little later on. Regardless of warnings the future doesn't Scare me at all. Nothing's like before, Chorus: When you walk away, You don't hear me say, ' Please, oh baby Don't go. Simple and clean is the way that you're Making me feel tonight'. It's hard to let it go.\"[Chapter 8] \" Be not far from Me, for trouble is near; for there is none to help.\" Psalm 22:11 Vlad walked through the town square through his crowd of citizens. He met Cazan and Captain Petru's gaze then stepped to the wall, not sure exactly how or what he was going to do about this. He saw the enormous Turkish army coming, the soldiers blindfolded, the horrid captain Mehmed leading them on his horse. Their marching echoed off the mountain walls from down in the valley. Then Vlad noticed a bat flying high in the air. More began to gather. Vlad remembered what Shkelgim had told him, \"They follow one of their own.\" The bats were at his advantage. He ventured into the high tower of the monastery and found a flock of bats congregating on the roof. Determination set on his face, he raised his palm up toward them. Hundreds more bats arrived until there were so many that they had to fly into the air for space. Vlad glanced down at the Turkish army. He outstretched his arms. The bats swirled around the tower. Everyone inside watched, wide-eyed. Mirena and Ingeras looked on. The bats formed themselves into the shape of Vlad's palm, and he put his arm down. When he did so, the army of bats squandered dozens of Turkish soldiers, scattering them like leaves to the wind! Vlad arched his arm, clenching his hand into a tight fist. The bats followed form. Then, he furiously punched his fist down into the slabs he was standing on. The bats squashed more soldiers! Then Vlad turned into bats himself and flew down to the battlefield to confront Mehmed. Vlad returned back to his normal appearance as he hit the ground and he darted straight at his arch enemy. He collided with the army captain and clenched him by the shoulders. But the guy's hat fell off, and...Vlad discovered to his chilling chagrin that it wasn't Mehmed! The guy gazed up at Vlad, backing away in fear. Vlad began to panic. \"Mehmed! No!\" He demanded. \"Where is he? Where is he!?\" The next moment, the monastery was invaded by Turkish troops. Sarai was outside with Maria, the governess. Her heart dropped when she saw the enemies infiltrate the monastery. \"NO! Mother! Ingeras!\" She wailed. \"Fire! Fire!\" Cazan ordered. Captain Petru threw himself in front of Mirena and Ingeras inside when the flock of Turks burst into their room. He tried to fight them off, but he was mortally stabbed with a blade! Mirena looked at her son. \"Find your father! Go!\" She exclaimed. They both ran out onto the balcony, frantically looking around for Vlad. \"Where is he?\" Ingeras whimpered. He came to her side, grasping her arm. \"You can keep running if you like.\" Acemi smirked at them. Mirena and Ingeras turned and froze with fear as the Turks stealthily approached them, forcing mother and son backwards, closer and closer to the edge of the balcony. Vlad finally spotted Mehmed. He was dressed as an infantry soldier, disguised so no one could distinguish him from his fellow Turks. Vlad glared dangerously at him. He was not going to play this game anymore! But why would Mehmed decoy himself? \"Please...\" Mirena begged. Acemi came forward and punched her hard in the stomach, making her double over. Ingeras watched in horrified shock at the guy. Acemi then, raised his boot on Mirena's shoulder, as if she were a barrel of ale, he roughly shoved her forward. She rolled to the edge of the balcony and fell over! She fought to hang on. Bright Eyes grabbed Ingeras and marched away with him. \"Let me go!\" Ingeras yelled. \"No!\" Mirena screamed. Vlad had heard the screams. He'd heard her voice. He'd heard her scream. Vlad turned and his eyes widened in horror as he saw her dangling on the edge of the tower! \"Mirena...\" He breathed anxiously. Instantly transforming into bats, he flew to her as fast as he possibly could. \"No. Please!\" Ingeras struggled. Ingeras! No!\" Mirena screeched. \"Momma!\" Ingeras wailed as he was whipped from sight. Mirena struggled for dear life to hang on, her fingertips clenching a loose stone slab. Acemi sneered down at her, like a wolf cornering its wounded prey wallowing in turmoil and blood. He ever so slowly walked to her. He glanced to his side as a large herd of bats rammed hard into him, knocking him for a loop. The bats dissipated, and Vlad shook his head to get his bearings. When he looked up, Mirena was clasping hard at the brick. And within a few split seconds, she couldn't hold on any longer! Her hands slipped and she fell! \"VLAD!\" She cried. Heart racing three hundred miles around and caught in his throat, Vlad dashed to the edge of the balcony and jumped off, diving straight down after her. \" M mmiiirreennaaa ! \" Half bats, half human, Vlad flew down as fast and as hard as he could, desperately trying to save his dear one. She was falling backwards down to earth. Her eyes were filled with tears. She knew this was the end. He would not be able to save her. Vlad reached down with all his might, but no matter how furiously he flew and pushed himself to her, she was just out of his reach. No! Don't leave me, Mirena! I'll catch you! I'm coming, dearest! Just a little closer... All eyes were on the prince and the princess dropping down to earth. Mirena's long white dress flapped around her in the wind, lapping like a flag. The two forms fell behind a hill that blocked them from view. Ingeras was sitting behind Mehmed on the sultan's horse. His heart broke into a million pieces and he wept painfully that he was being kidnapped, but even more so, watching his father futilely trying to save his mother when he knew it was useless. In the town square, the people had watched their beloved queen plunge from the sky. Sarai sobbed horribly as she'd seen her dear, sweet mother fall. She couldn't confine the pain of her loss. Maria the governess wrapped her arms around her. Mehmed grinned in satisfaction and turned his horse. Mirena had plummeted straight down and hit the ground with a deadly thud. Vlad wrapped his arms around his precious, broken wife and cradled her head on his knee. He tearfully, frantically, lovingly stroked her face. \"No. No, Mirena. Please stay with me.\" He whispered, desperately trying to keep her with him, his voice quivering in heartache. \"I cannot do this without you! Mirena...\" The Turks charged through the town square and began attacking the terrified citizens who were unable to protect themselves. Sarai was hiding in the shadows-horrified as she watched her people slashed through and murdered without a second's thought-, but her blood froze when she saw Mehmed riding tall and proud, with her brother on the horse behind him! Ingeras's hands were tied and he was crying. Their eyes met. \"Ingeras!\" Sarai called to him. Mehmed saw her and smirked. \"NO!\" Sarai screamed and, not thinking, ran from her hiding place straight at them. Her father was not here, he wasn't here to stop the wicked sultan, but she was not about to let her younger brother just be carried off against his will! And certainly not at the hands of this evil monster who had already brought so much needless destruction to their lives! \"Ingeras, no! Let him go!\" She hollered up at Mehmed. \"You can't do this! Let my brother go!\" She tugged anxiously on Ingeras's pant leg. Mehmed calmly, silently drew his sword. The prince's daughter wouldn't stop trying to save her brother. How cute, Mehmed leaned down and sharply pierced his sword directly into her side. Sarai gasped loudly in excruciating pain, doubling over. Then with a fast swipe, Mehmed slashed her left arm, leaving an ugly gash. She crumpled to the ground, clenching her wounded, ripped stomach. \"Sarai!\" Ingeras cried out, mortified. \"No! Sarai!\" \"Ing...Ingeras!\" Sarai struggled for breath as Mehmed smiled smugly and rode away, with her brother. She weakly reached out her arm toward him. \"Sarai! Sarai!\" Ingeras wretchedly screeched back at her. Brother Lucien the monk rushed to Sarai's side, and hoisting his arm around her waist, he pulled her to her feet and staggered backwards into the chapel, dragging her limp form and using his sword to fend off any soldiers that pursued them. Vlad cupped Mirena's chin with his hand. She slowly opened her soft eyes. She saw her husband lovingly gazing into her eyes with a heartbroken smile and tears in his eyes. \"Ohh, Mirena...\" He breathed, nuzzling his face against her own. She glanced from him to the sky. The sun was just rising. She looked back up at him. \"There's still time for you to stop them.\" She said in a small voice. \"What?\" Vlad furrowed his brows. Gulping, Mirena told him, \"Drink my blood.\" \"No.\" Vlad absolutely refused! He could not! He would not! He'd rather die. It would kill him to harm her. \"I cannot take you life!\" He wept, emphatically shaking his head. Mirena reached up her arm and tightly gripped his. \"My life is already lost. But our son's is not.\" Mirena said tearfully. \"No.\" Vlad shuddered. If only he could wake them up from this nightmare! \"I love you.\" Mirena whispered, clasping her small hand in his larger, stronger one. Vlad could do nothing but weep. He couldn't live without Mirena! His beloved wife was everything to him! She was his light, his joy, his heart. He couldn't lose her. He firmly gripped her hand and brought her knuckles to his mouth for one last, painful, passionate kiss. She stroked his face as he did so. \"Remember who you are.\" She said, barely audible. She was already dying, but he would NOT kill her! Not ever! His excoriated tears streamed down her hand. \"Do it now!\" Mirena begged in a strangled voice. \"Please.\" Vlad didn't move. \"Do it now.\" Mirena whispered. Vlad saw her neck veins beating. He glanced up into the sky, his vision blurred with tears. He saw the sun rising. He felt his fangs extend. \"Vlad!\" Mirena clenched his arm with her fingers, preparing for her doom. Snarling like a wild animal, and hating himself for ever having agreed to to this hellish contract, Vlad stooped over and...and...he did as she had asked. He drank her blood. Her whole frame became rigid as he crunched his teeth into her flesh. The dark clouds covered up the sun in the sky. The master vampire on Broken Tooth slowly emerged from the hole in the cave. He smirked and walked out for the first time in centuries. Vlad released his dead wife's neck. She lay limply in his arms, the blank look on her face completely lifeless. She was gone. He had done as she requested. The flogging guilt would never leave him...ever! This was never what he had wanted or bargained for when he had agreed to this exchange. Now, he was doomed to be a full-blooded vampire...forever! His life would never be his own anymore! He'd taken her life and now he would carry that heavy, sickening fact with him for all eternity. How could he ever harm a hair of her head? But he'd done far worse, he never would've dreamed of in a million years. He never, ever wanted this to happen! It shouldn't have! He was supposed to defeat the Turks and protect his family. They were supposed to be safe. They were supposed to be unharmed, and free from fear, free to live in peace and happiness. THIS was not the way things were supposed to happen! How had everything so quickly gotten messed up so hopelessly? The light of his life was gone...forever! Without her, I am nothing! He hated himself for this and he would for all the rest of his miserable existence! Sobbing painfully, gagging helplessly, and angrily looking up into the sky with anguish constricting his broken countenance, hands clenched together over his heart, and his beloved one's blood dripping down his mouth, Vlad let out an agonized, ear-piercing cry that echoed over the mountain, vibrating from the very depths of his fractured soul. \"Nooo!\" He wailed like a wild animal. \"NNNNNNNOOOOOOO!\" I HATE this scene in the movie! I hate that it was in there at all, and I despise myself for writing it. But it is so crucial to the story in the movie plot , so no matter how badly I wanted to, I couldn't leave it out. But I still hate it! If it wasn't for the family part in the story, I would never write something like this! I never dreamed I would! \" My God, My God, why have You forsaken Me? Why are You so far from helping Me, and from the words of my groaning? O My God, I cry in the daytime, but You do not hear;\" Psalm 22:1, 2[Chapter 9] \" ...and saw Him, she fell at His feet, saying to Him, 'Lord, if You had been here, my brother would not have died.'\" John 11:32 \" There's no deeper sadness than discovering all you knew was gone. The grief in this place is too much to fathom.\" -Aqua in Kingdom Hearts 2.8 Fragmentary Passage Ever so gently holding her corpse safely in his arms, Vlad flew and carried his Mirena back up the mountain. He carefully set her down on a soft bed of earth. Then he stood at the gate of the town and surveyed the horrible damage. There were bodies all over, bodies of people he had ruled over and cared about. Here they lay, mercilessly slaughtered and ruthlessly trampled on. The world could indeed be a cruel place, but man made it so much worse. Never mind about natural causes, to heck with those kinds of disasters! Man's selfish, sinister choices made the world's troubles ten times worse. No, a hundred times worse! Vlad's surging hate for Mehmed was only fed deeper by the insidious sights he now saw. \"Mehmed will pay for this.\" He growled. There were some survivors, however. Vlad walked into the town. He saw Captain Petru, hurt, lying against one of the walls. \"Do you want vengeance?\" He asked quietly. Close to death, Captain Petru slowly nodded. Vlad bit his own wrist open, then stooped down close to his friend and brought his wrist to his mouth. \"Drink.\" Vlad told him. Petru winced queasily as the blood dripped into his mouth. Vlad's eyes looked over his remaining people: Maria the governess, Cazan, and others. They were dying before his eyes, but still looking to him to get them out of this. One by one, he came to them and gave them his blood to drink. Vlad was glancing around at the other victims, his people, looking for who to offer his aid to next when he heard a familiar, frightened voice call to him from the side. \"Papa! \" Sarai anxiously cried out in a strained voice. Vlad froze. Could it be? His daughter had been spared? Impossible! He anxiously whipped his head around, searching and his eyes fell on her. She was staggering out of the chapel, desperately reaching out for him. Both her side and her left arm were badly bleeding. \"Papa!\" She wailed again, losing her footing. \"Sarai!\" Vlad gasped, distressed at her deathly appearance, and dashed to her. He caught her into his arms just before she fell to the ground. She clung to him for dear life with all her strength, her face tear-stained. She breathed hard, soaking in the reality of his strong arms around her. \"Oohh, Papa!\" She wept. \"I'm here.\" Vlad said lowly. He'd thought for sure that the Turks had either kidnapped her or slain her, not to mention defiled her! But for some miraculous reason, she had been spared! Not unscathed though. He carried her away from the middle of the street, and set her down on a step of one of the stairways to take a look at her injuries. The other citizens watched blankly from a distance. Sarai didn't notice them-she'd seen their dilemma as she'd waited for the return of her beloved parents-, and didn't need to look into their empty faces again to know that now they'd lost everything. \"Ohh. You're hurt.\" Vlad cringed as he saw the nasty gash down her arm, and the large splotch of blood on her slight figure. Sarai only nodded. \"They took Ingeras!\" She sobbed, her words running together. \"I saw them take him away. I couldn't stop them, Papa! And they were killing everyone around me. I...I tried to stop him, but...he...but...\" Vlad touched her unhurt harm, squeezing. \"Shh. It wasn't your fault, my darling.\" He said reassuringly. \"There's nothing you could have done.\" She was ghostly pale, and he could hear her pulse racing and heart pounding through his ears. She'd bleed to death if he didn't do something! He resolved to do the only thing he could think of, the fastest way to ease his loved one's suffering. Sarai languidly looked up at her father. He was here, but he was hardly recognizable. Hair disheveled, hands bloodied, face dirty and cindered, his countenance dark, and an unearthly gleam in his eyes like she'd never seen before, except yesterday after their subjects had nearly assassinated him. He was trying to be tender with her, yet there was something so foreboding, so fierce in his fingers and his face that she didn't want to read into. His handsome, young features looked as if they had aged 20 years before their time. For the first time in her life, Sarai thought he looked like an old man. Just a beaten, broken, lonely, afflicted, haunted old man. \"Papa...M-Mother...what...\" She was afraid to ask. She knew in her heart. Vlad gazed at her with such torment and eternal grief in his face that she felt her heart shatter into pieces. He shook his head ever so slowly. At that point, Sarai let out an agonized cry and fell forward on his chest. \"Noooo!\" She sobbed out loud, clenching his coat. Her mother was gone. Vlad gripped her hard, sighing heavily. Her painful cries of woe and loss sharply rang in his ears. He looked down at her sorrowfully. If only he could take away her pain! She was even more pale now and the blood was rushing down her arm. Her side was pouring blood and staining red onto his own coat. Taking quick action, Vlad bit his wrist till there was an open wound. His daughter gasped sharply. \"W-what are you doing?\" Sarai asked frightfully, as her father gently set her down in his lap, and tilted her forward, easing her head up leaning against him with his arm around her. \"Here.\" Vlad said quietly, holding his wrist down to her mouth. \"Drink. It will heal you.\" More tears gushed down her face as Sarai shook her head. \"No, Papa. No, please.\" She whimpered dejectedly, gently shoving his hand away. \"I'm just trying to help you, my love.\" Vlad persisted sadly, looking at her sympathetically. \"I know. But not this way, please!\" Sarai protested. Vlad winced. \"Darling, you're badly hurt. You're dying! I don't want to lose you. Please, it'll be faster this way. Look, I know you don't want to. But if you don't do it again for three days, you'll be restored, I promise! Just trust me, Sarai. Let me help you. I'm trying to save you!\" Vlad begged his little girl. \"I can't , Papa.\" Sarai argued tearfully. \"I won't. I...I just can't drink your blood. Please don't make me! I can't do it. I'd rather die.\" \" No . Don't say that!\" Vlad seethed tearfully, horrified at her words. \"I mean it!\" Sarai cried. \"You're doing this because you have to, but I can't ever!\" She'd seen how tormented he had been through this trial, fighting to resist taking innocent lives. But even as painfully as he'd struggled, he was still much stronger than her, and she couldn't contemplate going through what he had. \"Papa, I...I cannot let you do this.\" She slightly slumped down further against him, whimpering. Gasping, she grasped his arm for strength and support. This was too much to handle and her time was running out. Vlad picked her up in his arms and, forming into flight with the swarm of bats behind him, he carried her back to the monastery. He carefully set her on the couch in the library. He was bandaging her as fast as he could when one of their men stepped in, uninvited. Vlad kept his eyes on his urgent task, but Sarai didn't like the look on their subject's face. He looked like a walking dead man, and the penetrating glare he gave her made her spine shiver. \"No, Master. It's too late.\" The guy shook his head and approached them. Vlad looked up in surprise. \"What are you doing in here?\" He asked in an unfriendly voice. \"You shouldn't be doing this, Master, while your son lies in the enemy's camp, possibly dead already.\" The man said in a voice as dry and emotionless as the stone floor he was standing on. \"You're wasting your time.\" \"Get out. I'm trying to save my daughter!\" Vlad glowered, baring his teeth. \"Ingeras isn't dead!\" Sarai argued. \"If they wanted to kill him, they would've right here. My brother's alive.\" She said it more to herself than to him. \"Let her die, Master.\" The zombie-like man shook his head. \"She isn't going to last anyway, unless you give her your blood to drink. Which it appears she is too God-fearing to accept. It's useless. Make it easier on yourself. Just take her life and end her suffering. Leave her, save your son. She shouldn't be allowed to live, unless she becomes one of us.\" Vlad was furious. His eyes burned like hot embers and his hand clenched the frail white cloth in his hand, so hard that it dissolved to shreds. Sarai shuddered and shrank down. Vlad rose to his feet and pounced on his fellow vampire in human form with lightning speed. Sarai watched in horror. \"Get out!\" Vlad yelled, his thundering voice causing the walls to tremble. \"Go! If I hear one more word out of you, I'll...\" \"Papa!\" Sarai shrieked in desperation. He'd already gone too far, but she didn't want him to keep burying himself deeper. \"No! Papa, don't!\" She cried out. Vlad hesitated, but hadn't released his victim. \"Pap...Papa...I...\" Sarai was cut off as she suddenly felt very weak, light-headed, and lost her voice. Vlad tossed the man on his ear, his angry gaze dark enough to kill, then he hurried back to the couch. He sat close to his young princess and tightly clasped her hand after he finished bandaging her. She was unconscious! Vlad fearfully gripped his little girl by the arms. \"No, no, Sarai. No, I won't let you die!\" He cried. \"I can't lose you too!\" Again, he bit his wrist and was about to offer his blood when her eyes fluttered open. \"You're still here.\" Sarai weakly smiled up at him. \"Of course I am, my darling.\" Vlad said softly, tears in his eyes. He tenderly stroked her cheek. \"But I must leave very soon. Your brother needs me.\" Sarai nodded and breathed deeply. The blood oozing from Vlad's self-inflicted bite dripped and wormed its way onto the blood on her body. As it mixed together, her face was regaining some color. A few moments later, she sat up. \"I don't feel as bad now.\" She said. \"I'm sorry I didn't let you try to save me, Papa. But I just couldn't bear to watch you put yourself in more torment!\" Vlad's arms engulfed around her and held her close. \"I would never hurt you, my precious daughter! Never!\" Vlad declared passionately. \"I believe you.\" Sarai said tearfully. She finally gazed up at him. \"You'd best hurry! Ingeras is still in great danger.\" \"I will find him.\" Vlad said fiercely. \"No harm will come to him. That I can promise you!\" Vlad stormed into the armory, stomping his way to the locked heavy metal door. He had prayed and dauntlessly hoped to never do this again. But it was too late now. He had damned himself for all time. What was the point of avoiding it now? It was time.[Chapter 10] Ingeras was lying on the ground, anxiously tossing and turning. Horrible, gut-wrenching images morphed together in his imagination: what had happened to his wonderful Momma, Vlad losing his temper after the people tried to kill him in the blacksmith's shop, his sister trying to save him then being ruthlessly stricken before his very eyes…\"No...no! Papa! Papa!\" Ingeras cried, then he opened his eyes. Where was he? \"P-Papa?\" He blubbered, glancing at his surroundings. He was in a large tent with fancy furnishings. But his hands were still tied, and he was lying on the hard ground. Everything came back to him and he shuddered. He wanted his Momma, he wanted his big sister, but above all, he wanted his brave father. Ingeras was heartbroken, and so scared. Everything he'd loved and known had been stripped away from him, and so quickly! And now he was all alone! \"Papa, please come find me. Please find me!\" He curled up into a ball with his arms hugging his knees, tears streaming down his small face. \"Ah, good. You are awake.\" Mehmed sighed as he stepped in. \"I trust you had a good sleep?\" \"Let me out of here!\" Ingeras begged. \"I want to go home!\" \"Already? But that would spoil all my plans.\" Mehmed shook his head. \"I don't want to be here. Your soldiers killed my momma! And you kill...killed my sister! You and your soldiers!\" Ingeras cried, looking up at the sneering man with grief in his eyes. \"Aye, your mother was a beautiful lady.\" Mehmed commented in a patronizing tone. \"Too bad she was in love with a monster. Your father is the one who killed her, boy. He could've saved her. So, why didn't he?\" \"NO!\" Ingeras cried out in anguish. \"No, he didn't!\" \"Then how come your mother is not alive now?\" \"She was kicked to the edge.\" Ingeras said. \"She slipped. Papa tried to save her!\" Ingeras wept. \" You killed my sister! I saw you! How could you do that?\" \"She got in my way.\" Mehmed said nonchalantly. \"Too bad, really. She was very pretty. She would've made me a rich man. I could've made a real fortune with her. I know some people who would give a year's tribute for a girl like that...particularly a prince's daughter? And the daughter of the most terrifying warrior in existence? Though I don't think I would've given her up that easily. No. She would've been my present to enjoy around here, had she lived. I'm afraid I acted in haste on her part. A most unfortunate turn of events.\" He shrugged. \"Sarai...\" Ingeras whimpered. \"My father will be angry when he finds out.\" \"And that is just what I am counting on.\" Mehmed grinned. \"Vlad was quite a fierce warrior once. The greatest of armies fled in terror at the mention of his name. What a shame that he turned soft. He will come for you, lad, I have no doubt. And when he comes, I will kill him.\" \"NO!\" Ingeras wailed. \"Please, no! Don't kill my father!\" \"He defied my order. Someone has to pay the consequences. It might as well be him. His head will be on display under my father's roof, as a tribute to my father's time as sultan.\" \"NO! NO!\" Ingeras screamed his heart out. Mehmed stooped down next to him. \"Please don't!\" \"You see, if he had just handed you over to me in the first place, he could've avoided all this trouble.\" Mehmed said lightly. Then with a swipe of of his arm, he slapped the young boy, knocking him to the ground. \"Oh, your father will come looking for you, have no fear. I can hardly wait.\" Mehmed sneered and marched out. Ingeras lay on the ground, curling tightly up into a ball. He just wanted out of this! \"Papa!\" He sobbed. \"Papa...\"[Chapter 11] No, Sarai didn't turn into a vampire. She is still her own self. When Vlad bit himself again, he was holding her hand by her side, and his blood dripped down into hers and as it mixed together, it healed her. But since she did not receive his blood by mouth, she did not become a vampire. BTW, my sister and I bought Dracula Untold yesterday! from Walmart for $5! Now we'll get to see the whole film! Vlad was attired in his dragon armored suit, the coat of arms he had hoped and prayed to never wear again, the wardrobe that was a remaining, festering symbol of his bloody past! But he was no longer a free soul, but a haunted one, bound by a devil's deal he'd foolishly chosen. Vlad had known the consequences would be eternally dire, but he'd sworn to himself that he would be the one to endure them if they came, not his loved ones! But it was too late. He could not undo what he had already done. And he was filled with rage at what Mehmed had done to his family. Vlad gazed painfully into his beloved wife's open casket. She was so gorgeous, even in death. But the reality that she was gone forever was too much to bear. \"I now know hell is real.\" Vlad said in a dead voice. \"So I know there is also a heaven. Neither this world or the next shall keep us apart. I will honor your sacrifice and vow that our son will be safe.\" As he stepped back, his daughter slowly walked forward to her mother's open casket. Strapped around her waist was a belt with a heavy sword made of pure silver that Vlad had given her, should-heaven forbid-anyone or anything attempt to attack her while he left to save his son. In her hands was a bouquet of deep red roses. She knelt, setting the sweet flowers on her mother's hands, then with tears in her eyes, she kissed Mirena's cold, listless face. Sarai slowly rose to her feet, softly weeping. Vlad came to her side and took her hand, gently leading her away. As they walked further away from Mirena, Sarai hid her face in his side, and wrapped her arms around his waist. Vlad kept a strong arm around her. He noticed a bed of roses. He plucked one and handed it to her. Sarai tried to smile up at him, but she only succeeded in shedding more tears. They trudged on, faster than either of them wanted to, but time was of the essence. Vlad walked with Sarai to the gate's edge, their hands firmly entwined, then halted. His band of vampires was ready, waiting for him. Vlad quickly glanced at their vacant, pale faces then turned to his daughter. \"I must go.\" He said dismally. \"Papa, please let me come with you!\" Sarai pleaded, clinging on his arm. \"Sarai, I cannot do that.\" Vlad said adamantly. \"We've already lost your mother, your brother is in danger. I am not going to lose you too!\" \"Please.\" Sarai wept. \"Please don't leave me here alone. I want to help you!\" \"You are helping, my dear. I need you ready and waiting when I bring Ingeras home.\" \"No. I can't.\" Sarai shook her head. \"I want be with you.\" Vlad breathed deeply to stay calm. This was breaking his heart, and the untimely grief in his daughter's face shattered him. He looked directly into her pained eyes. \"Listen to me, Sarai.\" He said, holding her firmly. \"It's far too dangerous. You wouldn't last, trying to defend yourself against the Turks. It's impossible, and I will not subject you to such impossible danger!\" \"I know that, Papa.\" Sarai said firmly. \"I've known it since they stepped foot uninvited into our land. But I'd rather go into battle with you, I'd rather be next to you fighting those devils, than remaining here, waiting, wondering, and worrying.\" Vlad tightened his grip on her. \"My darling Sarai.\" He said with tears. He had a horribly sinking feeling that this would most likely be the last time they'd ever be together-they both knew. How he prayed it wasn't so, but he couldn't shake off the sense of impending doom. He'd lost his beloved Mirena, the light of his life, and his son was being used as live bait by those monsters. His little princess was his last remaining loved one that he could possibly preserve from the Turks, and he was determined to do just that. \"You have your mother's spirit.\" Vlad continued. \"But she's gone now, and I made her a solemn promise. I must keep it. That's why you must stay! I want to know that you are safe. I have to save your brother...alone.\" \"But...\" Sarai sobbed, clinging to him, \"...What if you don't come back? What if I never see you again?\" \"You will always b e with me.\" Vlad said in a broken voice. \"Nothing will ever separate our family's love. It will remain forever. Even if we are parted, I will never leave you, my beautiful and brave princess! I'll always be with you.\" He clasped her close. She wept on him. She was afraid to let go, afraid that they would never have this moment again. \"You...you'd better go!\" She forced herself to say. \"Ingeras needs you, more than ever. Go save him!\" However, she clutched him as hard as she could. \"I will. That's a promise.\" Vlad said, holding her close to his heart. He must leave. He had to go now, but he hated leaving her like this. They faced each other. \"I love you, darling.\" He said sadly. \"I love you too. You'll always be our father.\" Sarai wept. \"I hope you know that!\" Vlad kissed her forehead, very hard. Then with one last forced smile, he broke away and marched to the gate. \"Be careful!\" Sarai called out. \"Remember who you are!\" Vlad gave her one last long look, then he waved to his subjects to follow him. Sarai watched from a distance until they disappeared. She sobbed hard dropping to her knees, unable to control the pain of separation. The tears blurred her vision. She looked down at the silver cross hanging around her neck and clutched it with all her might. \"God be with you!\" She wailed.[Chapter 12] It took me a while to decide exactly how to end this chapter. BTW, my sister and I watched Dracula Untold, the whole film. I knew it was going to be sad, but the ending? The scene where Vlad gives up his son and 'dies'? Ohhh, it just broke our hearts! We were there just weeping. I love the family story in the movie, but the vampire stuff I could really care less about. And the Master Vampire at the ending, ugh! I'm like, \"No you don't! You leave him alone! He didn't do this for you, he did it for his family. Vlad's been through enough. Leave him alone!\" Let that monster find someone else to do his dirty work. Mehmed stood looking out over his endless army. \"Of all my lands, this is the one I love the least.\" He huffed, rolling his eyes. His general furrowed his brows in confusion. \"Look to the East. The sun should be risen by now, should it not?\" It was morning, but the sky was dark with thick, heavy storm clouds, and angry flashes of lightning. \"What is that?\" Omer asked worriedly. \"\"It is the prince.\" Mehmed stated dryly. \"He is coming.\" Prince Vlad was indeed coming! He was mad, very mad! His once supposed 'brother' had brought nothing but destruction and pain to his people. He'd taken his son. And now Vlad was going to make sure Mehmed paid for all that needless bloodshed he had so callously, delightfully chosen to spill. It was time to make him pay! Vlad and his small band of vampires descended down on the Turks, taking them by surprise and giving those cruel soldiers a bite of their own medicine: pain, helplessness, and terror. Vlad was looking for Mehmed. He saw Bright Eyes and cringed. He stabbed him and let one of the handmaidens finish him off. Vlad saw Mehmed's tent and slowly made his way inside. Vlad entered and came to the main area, but remained in the shadows. The tent was lined and filled with thousands of silver coins on the ground, or anywhere else Mehmed could think of to spill it for that matter. He even had tied sacks hanging from the ceiling, filled with silver. His sword was silver, and his tan armor brightly reflected the blinding sunlight. He had obviously thought this thing through very well...except in the fact that he took Ingeras! \"Ah, there you are, brother.\" Mehmed spoke, breaking the silence. Vlad glared at him as he came further into view. \"I understand you have a weakness for silver.\" Mehmed tossed Vlad a silver coin. Vlad crunched it in his hand. It stung, but he dissolved it. \"Papa!\" Ingeras called. Vlad glanced at his son. He was sitting behind a small cart near a mirror reflecting the sunlight off the silver. Ingeras looked frightened and his hands were bound. \"He's waiting for you.\" Mehmed stated. \"Ahh, I see you came well prepared.\" He mentioned, eying the dragon suit from their former battle days together. \"So, you have not forgotten, eh?\" Vlad only continued to glower and said nothing. He unsheathed his own sword. \"I will make you pay for what you have done.\" He said firmly. It was so bright in the open sunlight from the ceiling. Just being near the overwhelming amount of silver was already starting to make Vlad feel woozy. But he had to save his son! Taking a deep breath, he charged at Mehmed with the sword. Mehmed was ready. They fenced off each other, both men swift and accurate. Mehmed slit open one of the bags on the ceiling. Their swords held off and they ventured close to one another's faces. \"You tried to kill my daughter!\" Vlad growled. \"You took my son.\" He was already sweating profusely from the heat and light in the room. \"Did you really think I was just going to forget about that?\" Vlad seethed, though his vision was shaky and his legs were beginning to feel weak. \"You are slower, brother.\" Mehmed rolled his eyes casually. \"And weaker.\" As they continued to fight, Vlad lost his footing and slipped on his knees, but he got back up. But it was getting harder to see straight and his head was pounding. \"Aww...Go ahead, take it. Is this the monster that terrified my men?\" Mehmed taunted him. He kicked Vlad, sending him head first on his stomach as he slid on the floor in the coins. Vlad fought to get to his feet, but it was hard and his breathing was labored. \"You grow more weary by the moment.\" Mehmed said nonchalantly. Vlad backed away from the fighting, into the shadows to try to catch his breath and regain his strength and focus. He was terribly dizzy and his throat burned. \"Tell me, how long can you bear it in here? Huh?\" \"Long enough to strike your name from the history books.\" Vlad panted. Then he rushed at him again. The warriors fought each other off hard, but Mehmed deliberately kept spilling silver coins all over. Vlad grew more and more dizzy, unable to see straight, the light burned his eyes, and he was drenched in sweat. Mehmed was sending silver at his face without relenting. Vlad struggled to hold his own and continued to fight his arch enemy. But he groaned and yelled in pain and frustration. He was stumbling terribly. Mehmed came at him and slugged his face several times, then kicked him backwards, punched him, then kicked him again. Already dazed and weary, Vlad stumbled and hit his head hard on a cart. He dropped to the ground in pain. \" Papa! \" Ingeras yelled in a strangled voice. Vlad was completely exhausted, and his whole body felt like lead. He couldn't do anything but lie there helplessly, panting. Mehmed grinned with satisfaction and stealthily approached him. Vlad was flat on his back and couldn't will himself to rise on his feet. \"Take a last look at your father, Ingeras.\" Mehmed sneered. \"No!\" Ingeras cried out in horror, trying to rid himself of his tied hands. \"Look how pathetic he is.\" Mehmed said as he broke a piece of wood off one of the cart stakes. \"No! Stop! \" Ingeras begged, desperately trying to get his hands free. Mehmed looked down at Vlad with cruel delight. Vlad, incredibly weakened by the silver, struggled to get up, but he didn't have the strength. He could only lie helplessly on his back as Mehmed towered over him with a piece of wood. \"If I put a stake through your heart, it will kill you.\" Mehmed shrugged. \"Like any other man.\" \"NO! PLEASE!\" Ingeras shrieked. \"A fitting death, for Lord Impaler.\" Mehmed smiled and aimed the wooden stake directly toward Vlad's chest. \" NO!\" Ingeras screamed at the top of his lungs. Vlad glanced at his son. \"NO!\" But, Vlad clenched the stake...hard. Mehmed struggled against him to stab his heart, but Vlad would not relent. \" PAPA! \" He finally turned into bats, flipping Mehmed back, then returning to his normal self. \"That is no longer my name.\" Vlad glared at Mehmed, stabbing him. \"My name is Dracula.\" And with that, he shoved Mehmed down onto the floor, dead. Vlad backed away from him, into the shadows. \"Papa!\" Ingeras whimpered, his small shoulders shaking with weeping. Vlad came to him and untied his hands, then dropped to his knees, and folded his arms around his trembling son. He breathed rapidly as the adrenaline wore off. \"Papa...\" Ingeras wept. \"Shh.\" Vlad whispered, running his fingers through his son's hair. \"Shh. It's all right. I'm taking you home.\" He rose to his feet and began to lead him out. \"Papa?\" Ingeras blubbered, holding onto his father's waist. \"Sarai...she...\" \"She's alive, son.\" Vlad smiled feebly. \"She wasn't killed. She's waiting for you. Let's go.\" Vlad slowly led his son outside in the damp, darkly overcast camp. Ingeras was still shedding tears. \"It's all right. I'm here.\" Vlad told him reassuringly. Cazan walked up to them. There was blood dribbling down his lip. \"You old goat.\" Vlad muttered. \"I don't feel old.\" Cazan shook his head. He had a manic look in his eyes. \"How many are left?\" Vlad asked. \"None. Except for your son, of course.\" Cazan licked his lips, gazing at the boy with a sickening stare. Vlad gaped at him. Then to his great dismay, he noticed the rest of the vampires-his former people-forming a circle around them. They looked so dead, and they hungrily fixed their lifeless eyes on Ingeras! Vlad clutched his son's hand. What the heck had he been thinking when he'd offered the people his blood? His objective had always been to defeat the Turks and keep his family from harm. But these people? All he had done was offer vengeance for them, without realizing what he was asking of them! They craved blood, and now they wanted his son to give them their fill! Why had he not thought of this beforehand? He had been so angry after his Mirena died, that all he could think about was punishing the Turks. But at what price now? The Turks were all dead. But now...that wasn't enough! Cazan smiled a sickly grin. \"A distraction we can now dispense with.\" \"That distraction as you so put it, is my son!\" Vlad snarled. \"What have I taught you?\" Cazan shrugged. \"Repeated over and over since you were a boy? All that matters is a prince's duty to his people.\" Even the governess, Maria, who hard adored Ingeras and his sister all their lives, was slobbering as she saw her young charge. \"Ingeras.\" She whispered in cold, dead voice. \"Don't you realize? They're all our enemies now. When he's gone, you'll be free.\" Cazan said casually. Vlad had had enough. Grabbing a stake, he thrust it through Cazan's body. Cazan fell backwards to the ground, gone. Vlad pulled Ingeras back. \"You forget who I am.\" Vlad huffed down at Cazan's lifeless body. The other vampires were closing in on the father and son. Vlad watched in horror as they crept hungrily toward them. Vlad clutched Ingeras to himself with all the strength he had. Ingeras was so scared and continued to shed tears. All he wanted was out of this nightmare and to go home. Vlad was weighing his options when Lucien appeared out of nowhere. \"My brothers sister, do not do this!\" He exclaimed. The vampires didn't listen. Lucien grabbed a silver Christian cross from his cloak, and held it up for all to see. The light from it made the vampires shy away. He flashed it in all directions, keeping them at bay. He reached out his arm toward Ingeras. \"Leave him. Come with me, child.\" He told him. Ingeras didn't move. \"Be gone! The time has come.\" Lucien told Vlad who looked at him sadly. \"Please, you must come.\" \"I don't want to leave you!\" Ingeras looked up at his father. Vlad's heart shattered. There was only one thing to do. \"You have to go with him.\" He said. \"No!\" Ingeras shook his head. Vlad clutched his beloved child close to him, gazing down into his heartbroken face. \"Do not leave his side. Please. Know I will always love you. Always! Go!\" \"No!\" Ingeras sobbed. \"Go!\" \"NO!\" Ingeras wailed horribly. \"You take care of him.\" Vlad tearfully told Lucien, who had his arm around Ingeras, pulling him back. \"No, Papa! No!\" Ingeras cried out painfully. Vlad watched him with tears in his eyes. The vampires closed in on Ingeras! They shielded their eyes from the cross, but managed to creep on them. Lucien pulled his sword out, his sword made of pure silver. \"You have sealed your fate with human blood already!\" He told them. \"I beg of you, spare your prince. He has done you no harm. You can still repent, my brothers. The time is now. Repent, or I will be forced to kill you!\" Lucien warned them. The people didn't listen. They attacked! They came at Lucien and the boy, intending to ingest their blood. Praying that God would forgive him, Lucien swung his silver sword around, hitting them one by one. Their skin dissolved rapidly, and they screeched as their bodies disintegrated. Lucien didn't want to do this, but he had no choice! Ingeras cried, hating everything about this. Lucien took off the vampires as they came at him. Just as quickly as they had attacked, they were dead. Vlad stared at the lifeless, unrecognizable forms that had once been his people. How could this have happened? He'd had the power to flush out the Turks, on his own. Why had he risked their lives without giving them an option to redeem themselves? They could've refused to drink his blood, but they had been in such a vulnerable, emotional state when he'd found them that all they wanted to do was pay back the monsters who had destroyed them. Vlad swallowed the guilt bitterly. \"Papa!\" Ingeras called to him. Vlad gulped hard. \"I love you, son!\" Vlad cried to him. \"Please forgive me.\" Then he turned and spreading his hands out, the clouds parted and the bright sun beat down on the ground. Vlad just stood there, letting it begin to peel his skin. \"NNOO! PAAPPAAA!\" Ingeras screamed at the top of his lungs. He managed to free himself from Lucien's grasp and darted for his dad. It felt like the world was in slow motion. With Vlad's back to him, Ingeras snatched his father around his waist and tugging as hard as he could, ran to the nearest tent and tackling Vlad, he knocked him to the ground, inside the safety of the tent's plentiful shade. Ingeras threw himself on top of Vlad, who was hyperventilating as his scalded skin began to heal. \"Ohhh, Papa!\" Ingeras wept deeply, his tear-stained face lying over his father's heart. As Vlad's labored breathing gradually slowed down, he wearily looked at his sobbing child and soothingly ran his hand through Ingeras's locks. \"S-shh.\" Vlad tried to speak. \"It's all right, son. It's...it's...it's all right.\" \"Papa.\" Ingeras looked at him, relieved to see his father's face as he knew it. \"Shh. I'm here.\" Vlad said, pulling his head to his lips and kissed him. Vlad was disappointed. He had been so close to being reunited with his beloved Mirena, and he didn't want to be separated from her any longer. But his son's deep heartache hurt him very much, and after all Ingeras had been put through, Vlad was glad if this helped ease the pain. Maybe his family still needed him, with or without his powers. \"Don't ever leave me again, Papa!\" Ingeras wailed, unable to calm himself. \"Don't leave me, Papa! Please, please don't leave me!\" \"Never.\" Vlad said. He painfully sat up and Ingeras threw his arms around him. \"I'll always watch over you.\" Vlad shushed him quietly. Lucien watched from the tent's entry flap. Maybe he had been wrong about his prince. Vlad may have chosen very unwisely by seeking out a creature of darkness for help, instead of turning to God. But all he had tried to do was keep his loved ones safe. And thinking back on it, Vlad had never tried to attack any of them, even when he'd craved human blood. They had been wrong, wrong to turn on Vlad so easily in their emotions when he'd never even threatened them. He had done the opposite: he had taken care of them! Tears spilled down the monk's eyes as he watched the father and son's tender moment, which only a few moments ago had almost been ripped from them for all eternity. \"Forgive me!\" Lucien pleaded, falling to his knees. \"Please, please forgive me, my prince! We were wrong about you. You may have strayed, but you never endangered us with it. You took care of us and we tried to take your life for it! Just put an end to me, right now. I only beg that you don't hold it against me in my memory! Please!\" Lucien begged, with his hands folded together and his head bowed. \"When are you going to quit these wild ravings, Lucien?\" Vlad shook his head. \"You know, for a man who represents the cross, you don't seem to have a steady faith in higher power. When we return home, I think you should seriously go back to your books of prophecies and Scriptures and refresh your troubled mind!\" Lucien looked up at him. \"I...I will.\" He chuckled with tears. \"Thank you, my prince.\" He came to Vlad and kissed his hand. \"Help me up, please.\" Vlad grimaced. Lucien and Ingeras both helped Vlad get back to his feet. Vlad stretched his arm toward the entry of the tent, and the sun became blocked again. Vlad wrapped his arm around Ingeras who was clinging to him for dear life. Vlad smiled down at his son. \"Come. Let's go home.\" Originally, I was not planning to end it differently. BUT, after watching the entire film, we were so saddened by the tragic ending that I just couldn't do it! They lost so much. The next day I watched Free Willy and cried when it was over, because comparing it to Dracula Untold, I was thinking, \"This one did have a good ending!\" If and when I write my other DU fanfics, they will most likely be happy ones, without all this tragedy! Story's not over yet, though.[Chapter 13] It had been hours since Vlad's departure, and the sky was still overcast with clouds. Sarai was still at her mother's open coffin. She was leaning over her mother's dead body, trying to feel the contact while Mirena was not yet buried. Sarai had been weeping ever since Vlad had left to save Ingeras. She cried painful tears of heartache and deep loss. Her mother was dead. How could they live without her? Mirena was the heart of their home! How could they even contemplate living when they knew she was gone forever? Her brother had been snatched against his will into the dreadful, horrific life their father had tried so hard to fight against! And her father? Vlad was now a dangerous creature! Sarai stayed where she was as a light rain began to fall. She was shakily singing her mother's lullaby, trying to gain comfort from the words she knew by heart: \" Think of me every day Hold tight to what I say, And I'll be close to you Even from far away. Know that wherever you are It is never too far, If you think of me, I'll be with you.\" Sarai just kept singing. She wanted her daddy here and she wanted her little brother to be all right. She sorely needed them! The rain poured harder. Vlad sighed in relief when he saw the familiar structure. He gazed down lovingly at his sleeping son, whom he had carried in his arms all this way from the Turkish camp. He couldn't believe the Turks were really done for, after all these years of dreading their arrival! But they were gone! Vlad sadly smiled at Ingeras and kissed his hair. He slightly shook his shoulders. \"Ingeras? Ingeras?\" Vlad whispered softly. Ingeras moaned. \"Wake up, son. We're back!\" Ingeras's head sunk lower to his chest. He rubbed his eyes and fluttered them open. \"Come, let's find your sister.\" \"Listen, Your Highness. Do you hear that?\" Lucien asked. Vlad's hearing was much sharper and distinct than Lucien's, with his vampire powers. He heard a voice, a small, saddened, sweet voice singing a song that he knew dearly. Tears filled his eyes as he thought of Mirena. Soon, they saw Sarai leaning down into the casket. \"Put me down, Papa!\" Ingeras begged. Vlad carefully set him down on the ground. Ingeras ran to his sister and his mother. Vlad sighed sadly. \"Sarai! Sarai!\" Ingeras called out to his big sister. Sarai looked up expectantly. Her eyes widened and she smiled. She straightened up and outstretched her arms as her little brother collided into her. He threw his arms around her. They both stood there sobbing in joy mingled with pain. \"Ohh, Ingeras...\" Sarai sniffled. \"I thought I'd never see you ever again.\" Ingeras told her. \"I know.\" Sarai kissed the top of his head. Ingeras looked down at his mother lying in the casket. \"Ohhh...\" He whimpered. \"Ohhhh, Momma!\" He dropped to his knees, sobbing at Mirena's side. Vlad, Lucien, and Sarai watched, their faces disheartened. Sarai looked up at her father as the rain poured on them. He looked tired...so tired, his face ancient now. He gave a small smile. He'd come back! Sarai ran to him and he caught her up in his arms so that her feet didn't touch the ground. \"Papa...\" She cried. \"Shh. It's all right, my love. I'm back and we're all safe.\" Vlad said quietly. \"I was so afraid we'd said our final goodbyes when you left!\" Sarai buried her face in his shoulder. \"I know, my darling. But we're together now.\" Vlad said. \"And I'm proud of you, my gallant princess. You were so brave to stay behind.\" \"I'm just glad you're back.\" Vlad kissed her face and set her back on the ground, but she wouldn't release him. She had thought they'd never be together again! Vlad walked with her to Ingeras. Sarai knelt down beside her brother and let him cry into her. Vlad hovered protectively over his children, his priceless treasures. The light of his life was gone, but Ingeras and Sarai were Mirena's legacy. Vlad vowed to cherish them all his days. He knelt down between the both of them, his arms wrapped around their sobbing frames. He looked up into the sky, contentedly letting the rain wash down his face. His eyes became reddened with pain-staking, aching tears. He breathed sharply. \"He's safe now, Mirena.\" Vlad said with a heavy voice.[Chapter 14] Ingeras: \"The Turks never conquered the capitals of Europe. Prince Vlad Dracula was a hero. His sacrifice taught me that even after the darkest night, the sun will rise again...for if the heart is strong enough, the soul is reborn in each new day. In life after life. Age after age...forever.\" After the castle was repaired, in the aftermath of Mirena's death, the day came that Sarai was crowned the new queen of Transylvania. It should've been a day of celebration, but as Sarai faced her subjects from her new throne, her heavy heart bore down painfully on her young face. This wasn't what she wanted! Vlad's mind went back to the night before the Turks ambushed the monastery, when he and his daughter had shared a serious conversation about the future. Vlad remembered her words all too well now, he remembered how adamantly and hurtfully Sarai had declared to him that she didn't want to be queen. Because, in order for her to become queen, Mirena would have to be deceased. He relived how badly she had shuddered as the words had escaped her lips, and Sarai crying that they couldn't possibly live without Mirena! At the time, He'd had no idea that that deep, troubling moment with her would become their harsh reality! Ingeras had declared Vlad's heroism to their people when they'd returned home. He wanted everyone to understand Vlad's deep love for those he cared about. But on this day, Sarai wanted to pay tribute to Mirena. \"Our mother, Mirena, Queen of Transylvania, wife of Vlad Tepes III, mother to Prince Ingeras and Princess Sarai myself, was a grand lady.\" Sarai began. \"Beloved by all, she led her people with immense generosity, dedicated compassion, and a most gracious hand. The devoted, loving wife of Prince Vlad, she stood by her prince with encouragement, love, and sweet words. And I can tell you, as her daughter, that she was the best mother in the world, always ready to offer comfort, and a kind word. 'Princess Mirena was beautiful to the eye, fair on the inside and out. Speaking for all of Transylvania, in the words of her faithfully tender husband, she was as brave as she was beautiful. Princess Mirena fought alongside her husband and her people to keep them safe. And she died for it. She will always be honored in our hearts, and her memory will burn bright as long as I am queen.'\" Sarai finished, hanging her head as the people hailed her. When they finally had some quiet time to themselves, Sarai stood beneath her mother's life-sized portrait. The painting was very well captured, but in Mirena's family's eyes, it didn't do her justice, now more than ever. It was cloudy outside now, so Vlad slowly came behind Sarai, holding Ingeras's hand. They stood with her and both gazed endlessly up at the beautiful woman they had adored, and whose eternal absence was leaving a searing hole in their lives. Ingeras looked over at Sarai. \"How does it feel to be queen?\" He asked lightly, trying to cheer her up although he didn't feel good about it either. Sarai pulled her royal crown off, and stared down at it with tears in her eyes and her lips quivered. She glanced up at her mother, then back down at the crown, running her fingers over it. \"It hurts.\" She wept, clasping it close to herself like an infant. Vlad wrapped his arm around her and the other around Ingeras who hugged his waist. Vlad kissed the top of Sarai's head, his own eyes misty. \"You spoke very well, darling.\" He said kindly. \"I'm proud of you.\" Adjusting Ingeras and Sarai had seen their father's powers, and his frightening behavior of having others drink his blood. He finally sat down with the two of them and told them the truth about his immortal state, as he couldn't hide it from them anymore. He was honest with them, and tried to emphasize how much he regretted being a vampire, but also that it was the best option he could think of at the time of the Turkish threat to protect his loved ones. But now, he didn't have a choice. His son and daughter forgave him. However, Vlad left out the fact about him drinking their mother's blood. So far, his children were both very kind, though disturbed at the hopeless news that he would always be like this. But killing their mother? NO! They must never know. It would shatter them the rest of their lives. Ingeras and Sarai embraced Vlad, thanking him for his honest heart. He shed tears, overwhelmed at their generous, nurturing natures. They asked him questions about his 'condition', what to expect, what to stay aware of, what to do if he felt a craving, and what was a threat to his safety. Both children were sorrowful that he was no longer normal, but together they strived to cope with it and help their father live as normal a life as possible. And they wanted to keep him safe. They were still a family, and wanted to stay that way. They gradually learned how to deal with Vlad's vampire ways: though it was nowhere near the same as what he was destined to do, Vlad tried hard to nourish his hunger with the blood of dead animals instead of people; if Vlad felt a craving that was getting too strong for him to resist-while in the presence of his children or others-, he'd walk away, mostly using the excuse for \"the need for some air\", or \"I'm going for a walk\"; when Vlad \"needed some air\" or he was \"going for a walk\", Ingeras and Sarai knew to back off and leave him be, until he returned or managed to solve his problem with something rather than human blood; they found ways to cope with his engrained methods, and eventually they all knew the routine, and tried to just be grateful that they still had each other. Sometimes, just by looking at his countenance, they knew he was struggling and wished they could do something to end his constant struggle not to harm the ones he loved. But one look into his gray, disheartened eyes, and they knew that he loved them too much to ever go after them. Vlad would've killed himself first. Sometimes he wished he could! The most difficult part of this was Vlad's inability to venture into sunlight. On sunny days that should've been used for riding in the fields together, or strolls through the flower gardens, or picnics as a family, Vlad remained inside the castle somewhere, or at least in the deep shade outside. Before, the children hadn't enjoyed rainy days-except Sarai, for it was perfect writing weather-, but now they looked forward to the days where the sun did not come out but was cloudy and damp. These were the kind of days that Vlad could go do things with them outdoors, without him constantly having to find a spot of shade to hide under for survival. The overcast days became their new favorites, because it meant they could all spend time together as a family. Ingeras and Sarai never took for granted their days in the sun again after that, realizing how precious they truly were! Lucien, as a man of God, still feared for Vlad's temptations, afraid one day he wouldn't be able to resist and would go after his own children. But every time he remembered Vlad's moment with Ingeras back in the Turkish camp, he felt guilty. He still kept a sharp eye on the royal children though. But he also saw how Vlad treated his people, when he was able to mingle among them. He was still the same caring prince, but a prince with a dark secret that would live inside him for all time. Lucien still disapproved of Vlad's new lifestyle, but it was irreversible except by death, and he had grown to accept that the prince still wanted peace as much as possible. And he saw how happy the children were to have their father, especially after losing Mirena. He constantly prayed for them though. Night Terrors For weeks, Ingeras and his sister were plagued with horrible flashback nightmares of the invasion and all the pain it had caused them and their people. Their precious little sleep was frequently interrupted in the night by the terrible things they'd been forced to witness. Vlad tried his hardest, the best he could to comfort them. It tore at him see his children so tormented, and he unable to spare them from it. He prayed for them, he held them and cried with them as they grieved over the devastation. He prayed dauntlessly that these horrible night terrors wouldn't last forever! The worst one was on a Sunday night. It had been exactly six months since the day Vlad had drank his wife's blood, and he still hadn't told them about that. Ingeras was trembling and crying from the most terrible bad dream he'd ever had. Horribly frightened, he ran to his sister's room. He jumped on her bed and tried to shake her awake, too disoriented to realize that she too was wailing and shaking in her sleep. She woke with a start and shrieked in fright. \"Ohh, Ingeras!\" She cried. \"I just had the most horrible dream!\" \"So did I!\" Ingeras wept. \"It was about Momma.\" \"Mine was too!\" Sarai sat up, shaking. Ingeras crawled into her arms, and they held each other tightly, sobbing sharply. Vlad had heard their terrified cries and had bolted out of the great hall to rush to their sides. He stopped inside the doorway, trying to assess the situation. \"What is the matter, my loves?\" He asked with fatherly concern. Both children went silent, except for their uneven breathing and sniffles. Vlad grimaced at their dejected, frightened manner. He slowly came to them and sat on the edge of the bed. Ingeras curled into his lap and Sarai crawled next to him, laying her head on his thigh. \"Can you tell me what is wrong?\" Vlad asked slowly, trying to calm them. \"No.\" Ingeras whimpered, hiding his face. Sarai shook her head. Vlad bit his lip, trying to figure out the best thing to do. \"Did you have another bad dream?\" He prodded gently. \"Mmm-hmm.\" Ingeras nodded. \"It was the worst one I've ever had.\" Sarai sniffled, still not looking up at him. Vlad lovingly touched her shoulder. \"Me too.\" Ingeras said. \"I'm so sorry.\" Vlad told them sympathetically. He kissed Ingeras's temple. Both children were terribly shaken. It took them a while to even begin to calm down. Vlad wanted them to share their trouble with him, but they were holding back. He had a sinking feeling that that was a bad sign. He tried to be patient. \"Won't you tell me what has troubled you so?\" He asked again. \"I don't like to see my children afraid. I want to help you.\" Sarai began to cry again. But she finally looked up at him. \"P-Papa?\" She squeaked. \"Yes, my princess?\" Vlad smiled. \"Mother...Mother died from her fall, didn't she?\" Sarai asked emphatically. Vlad stiffened and his face fell. Why would she ask him such a question? Unless… \"Your mother had a fatal fall, yes.\" Vlad nodded slowly. \"Papa, you would never hurt her.\" Ingeras spoke. It was more of a question than a statement. \"No!\" Vlad declared. \"I loved Mirena with all that I am and more. Your mother was an angel.\" \"I dreamed about when Mother fell.\" Sarai finally said. Vlad grimaced when he heard that. He looked at his son who nodded. \"I'm sorry.\" Vlad whispered softly. \"You were holding her, trying to keep her alive.\" Sarai sniffled. \"She noticed the sun rising and told you there was still a way you could stop the Turks.\" Ingeras added. Vlad's heart broke as he would forever remember those awful moments. \"She...she said...she told you to...Papa, I know you would never do it! You loved Mother! You'd never want to hurt her!\" Sarai wailed, looking up her father anxiously. \"Momma wanted you to...she said...she...\" Ingeras wept too. \"I'm listening.\" Vlad said quietly, swallowing hard. \"Mother asked you to drink her blood!\" Both children blurted out at the same time. Their shoulders shook with deep sobs. Vlad's chest tightened as if he had been stabbed. Now he wished he had! He wanted to kill himself right now. \"She said that she was already too far gone, but that it was the only way for you to save me.\" Ingeras said. \"You didn't want to hurt Mother, Papa! You didn't!\" Sarai continued. \"But she begged and begged you. You didn't want to, but...\" \"But you...did.\" Ingeras hung his head, crying. Vlad was shattered. He'd wanted his children to learn to live their lives free and innocent again, without ever knowing that he had taken their mother's life! Now not only was it etched in his identity, but now his children knew! They knew! How could they ever forgive him now? He'd lost Mirena, not her heart, but her marital companionship. But now he'd lost both in his children! \"Papa, that is what happened, isn't it?\" Sarai looked up at him, her eyes reddened. \"That's how you became a vampire.\" \"Yes.\" Vlad hung his head. \"I didn't want to!\" He wept. \"I'm sorry, I'm so very sorry, my children! I would never, ever, ever dream of hurting your mother, my wife! I never dreamed of ever doing such a thing. And I wouldn't have! I would've spared her...\" \"But she insisted, because she wanted you to save me.\" Ingeras finished for him. \"Yes.\" Vlad firmly held his children close to himself, expecting them to push him away any second. \"I am so sorry! I miss her every day too. If there was any way in the world that I could bring her back or go back and preserve her life, I would! In a heartbeat. I know you must hate me now, and you should. I know I became a horrible creature after what I did, and I will hate myself for it the rest of my existence. If you want to banish me forever, I will go so that you won't have to face me ever again. But I only pray that you both will try to understand how much I really will always love you!\" \"Papa...\" Ingeras buried his face in Vlad's chest, weeping. Sarai sat up and leaned her head on his shoulder. They both held onto him. He cried with them. Along with their sobs, their pounding heartbeats rang in his ears. \"Papa, do you have bad dreams about it too?\" Sarai asked. \"Yes. Only it isn't a dream.\" Vlad muttered. \"I miss Momma.\" Ingeras whimpered. \"Papa? You won't leave us, will you?\" Sarai begged. \"All we have left is each other. We can't lose you too!\" \"Papa, please don't go away!\" Ingeras pleaded. \"You promised to never leave me again, remember?\" \"Yes, yes I do.\" Vlad nodded. \"I know you would never hurt Mother, even if your life depended on it, Papa.\" Sarai told him. \"I hate that this happened! But it was Mother's choice. She's the one who initiated it. I wish she never did, but...we need you, Papa. Remember who you are!\" Vlad clasped her hand tightly. \"Papa, please stay with us.\" Ingeras added. \"You're our father. We can't live without you! Please don't leave us.\" \"I will never leave you, my loves. Never! Unless you ask me to.\" Vlad told them. \"You promise, Papa?\" Ingeras looked up at him with puppy dog eyes. \"I promise.\" Vlad declared. The Return of Caligula Vlad had stayed with his children till their tears dried up and they finally fell asleep. He prayed that they would have a peaceful slumber. Once he was sure they were sound asleep, he went outside. He dejectedly walked around the entire grounds, till he came to Mirena's tomb. He knelt before it, running his hands over the tender words. \"This was the one thing I had hoped to keep them from, Mirena.\" He whispered. \"They've been through enough without having to understand how cruel a monster their father really is! They are so forgiving. That was your doing, my beloved one. You nurtured them and gave them comfort. How I wish you could do that for me at this moment! You will always be my angel.\" He pressed a kiss to the stone and leaned his head against it, tears dripping down his face. \"Imagine that? A monster with a real heart and soul.\" An unexpected, ancient, chilling voice spoke behind him, greatly startling Vlad. Vlad tensed, clenching his fists. \"Such a sentimental type. What a pity you can't have what it is you crave so insatiably.\" \"What do you want?\" Vlad asked in an unfriendly voice. \"You're not welcome here.\" \"I am your master. The time has come for you to serve me.\" The former master vampire said. Vlad stood up, still not facing him. \"I owe you nothing.\" He said firmly. \"That was part of the deal. You become what I was, granted with dark powers, and in time you would do as I say.\" The master vampire said. \"That was one part I never agreed to.\" Vlad retorted. \"You owe me. I can make you fulfill your role if I have to.\" Vlad finally turned to face him. His face was no longer deathly pale, and wrinkled from centuries of confinement. He looked like man, not a creature. But he still had the same red demonic eyes, and the same foreboding, know-it-all manner with a voice to match. \"I never did this for you! This wasn't about you becoming free.\" Vlad told him adamantly. \"I only did it for my kingdom and my family! Nothing more. Now get out!\" \"We are the same.\" Caligula told him. \"I am now what you were, but we are NOT the same.\" Vlad growled. \"I am a vampire, a monster for all the rest of eternity. It is a branding that I will always carry with me. But the likes of you is an abomination in my kingdom. Now leave!\" \"As you wish.\" Caligula shrugged. He turned into a swarm of bats and flew threw the darkness. Vlad was stunned. There was something off about the way Caligula had just given up. That wasn't his style. He was up to something! Vlad felt it with every vibe in his body. \"Ingeras...Sarai!\" Suddenly, his heart quivered and he too turned into a swarm of bats and charged his castle as fast as he could. Vlad prayed desperately that he was wrong, but his instincts knew better as raced through his enormous castle and found the dreaded, evil monster lurking in the hallway, about to enter Ingeras's room! Without making a peep, Vlad lunged for him and collided him onto the floor. \"I told you to get out!\" Vlad snarled. Caligula shoved him off and rose to his feet. \"Foolish prince.\" He sneered. \"Do you honestly believe that an immortal can live his life in close-knit ties with the mortal? No. We drink their blood. It's a matter of survival. They don't matter. Nothing matters, but us and what they can give us. I told you, if you don't obey as I had commanded, I would make you do it. So, what's it going to be? You become my servant, or I take your son from you?\" Vlad's eyes widened in outraged horror. He clenched the beast by the collar and pinned him up against the wall. \"You will never touch my children! Not my daughter, nor my son. Leave them be! I am their father, and I will not hesitate to protect them evil.\" Vlad seethed. \"What about the evil inside you?\" Caligula arched his eyebrows. \"Wasn't it you, who took their mother away from them?\" Vlad's eyes widened, and his grip loosened. He stepped back and turned away from the old man. \"Y-yes.\" Vlad said in a shaky voice. \"She was already dying, but I...\" \"You finished her off.\" \"I finished her off.\" Vlad winced. \"You would be lying if you said that you are not ever tempted with thirst when you are close to them. Sometimes their veins full of your nourishment are staring you right in the face, taunting you mercilessly. Am I right?\" Caligula asked. \"I...I love my children.\" Vlad sniffled. \"Yes, that makes it worse, doesn't it? You know you want to do it, but it would make you a murderer. You must give in some time, or you will lose control.\" \"I would never kill my own children!\" Vlad blurted out defensively. \"I would kill myself first.\" \"Did you not say the same about your precious wife? Where is she now? She is not here. She will never return, and whose doing is that?\" \"M-mine.\" Vlad whimpered. \"Yes. I will spare your precious son and daughter, if you will take the life of another for me.\" \"You are deranged.\" Vlad growled. \"I will not needlessly commit innocent bloodshed just to satisfy your ego. I hunt only to survive, nothing more. I feel like such a monster when I do.\" Then he turned to face down his tormentor again. \"But you will NOT touch my children! Or I will kill you myself.\" \"I wouldn't touch them for the world. They are too innocent.\" \"Then what do you want? I've had enough of you.\" \" I will not be the one to take their lives. You will!\" Vlad was mortified. \"Never! With God as my witness, I will not!\" He refused. \"Haven't they suffered enough? It's bad enough that they lose their mother and their friends. Now you will force them to live with the knowledge that their father is a cold and heartless animal? Ending their misery if the most merciful thing you can do about it. You won't have to look them in the eyes every morning, knowing that it was you who killed you wife, knowing that you will never be free from the powers darkness, and knowing you could sink your teeth into their flesh at minute.\" \"S-spare me your ravings.\" Vlad tried to say angrily, but inwardly he was acutely feeling the haunting reality of Caligula's manipulation. He truly did hate being a monster that his loved ones could never free him from. He truly did hate himself for drinking Mirena's blood. He hated his children having to make sacrifices on his account, just to try and live a 'normal' life. If he-God forbid!-if he was to drink their blood, their troubles would be over. They wouldn't have to be plagued anymore by their tragedy. They wouldn't have to look at him with questioning eyes, wondering if he was tempted to kill them! If he could put an end to that, it would mean peace. Or if Sarai and Ingeras chose to be like him, then they could be vampires together and have something in common, something they presently could not possibly comprehend, no matter how hard they tried. But then he remembered the dauntless guilt and sickening remorse he felt every single day about the loss of his beautiful Mirena. Could he really live with added guilt? Did he love his son and daughter? Yes! Would he die for them? In a heartbeat! Then Mirena's parting words flew back to him, \"Remember who you are.\" Then it struck him! Ever since Mirena had died, when his children had told him that sentence, he'd kept thinking, \"I don't have to remember! I know who I am, what I am: a monster, a vile creature of darkness that takes the lives of others just to keep himself alive.\" But now, he saw it in a whole new light. Mirena had known about his impaler past, and she had still chosen to love him and be his wife, and help him put his monstrous upbringing aside. Every time it had crept up on him, she'd always told him to remember who he was...on the inside! Ingeras and Sarai were still telling him that too! Now Vlad understood! They weren't telling him to live with the guilt every day that he was a man of blood. They had been telling him the whole time, to remember who he was at heart: husband, father, prince, guardian...protector! They were disappointed with his foolish choices, but they saw him for who he was on the inside. Vlad held his head up high and faced Caligula. He knew his choice! \"So, are you going to play this game by my rules?\" Caligula asked. \"This is not a game! I told you that before.\" Vlad snarled. \"I will not do as you say. You are not master of my life!\" \"So be it.\" Caligula shrugged. \"But I warn you, their blood will be on your head.\" He was about to enter Ingeras's room. \"Do not go in there.\" Vlad warned him. The beast didn't listen. \"Don't touch him!\" The master vampire didn't listen. Feeling his incredible strength fill in, Vlad snatched him above the floor and running into the great hall, he tossed the ancient monster to the floor. \"I told you, don't touch my son!\" He bared his fangs. \"Foolhardy sentimental mouse.\" Caligula shook his head. \"You think you can throw me around like a wooden beam? You forget, I have the same strength that you do. We are the same.\" \" We...are...NOT...the same!\" Vlad howled. The two vampires charged at each other, bracing themselves against the other's strength, both aiming for the other's jugular vein in the neck. They tussled around, both growling like ferocious lions. They dug their finger nails, or rather claws, into the other's arms, pinching the skin. Then the master vampire had Vlad pinned on his back, holding him to the floor. \"You're a fool.\" Caligula told him. \"The deal was serve me, or pay the price. Now you will pay the price with your life. When you are gone, then I will rip your children to pieces, and you won't be able to protect them.\" Out of the corner of his eyes, Vlad saw it. He turned into a swarm of bats and flipped the guy over. Then he returned to his human looks, and ripping a wooden beam off the table with his bare hands, he thrust it straight through Caligula. Vlad's eyes darkened as he watched the guy shake and struggle to breathe. \"A...wise choice...Lord Impaler.\" Caligula mocked scornfully. Then his whole being disintegrated until there was nothing left of him but specks of dust flying through the air. Vlad wash shaking, and dropped to his knees, panting heavily. He was emotionally and mentally fatigued after all that had occurred tonight. But he was at least thankful that he'd been able to spare his children. If only he could say the same for Mirena. He glanced up at her portrait. She was smiling her sweet, encouraging smile. Vlad's heart lifted just by looking into her gentle face. He returned to Sarai's room and found her and Ingeras exactly as he had left them: slumbering away in her bed with their backs toward each other, curled up cozily under the heavy covers. At last, they looked so peaceful. Vlad sat on the edge of the bed. \"Lord, please always look after them, even when I cannot!\" He prayed. It was sunny outside, so Vlad stayed in the shadows of his and Mirena's bedroom while his son and daughter ventured outdoors. He glanced down at his wedding band in the heart of his palm that was stinging his skin. When the burn became unbearable, he let it slip from his hand. His thoughts went back to the day before the Easter Feast, when he and Mirena had had an intimate, playful rendezvous in her rose garden. That was when everything had been perfect, when everything had been beautiful and peaceful, just before everything had changed when Vlad had discovered the Turks sneaking into his land! It was a sunny day, absolutely perfect. Mirena was kneeling in her rose garden, plucking the most vivid blossoms. She was wearing her blue cloak. Birds were singing in the distance. She hummed contentedly as she plucked away. But then, she thought she'd heard something and turned back to see what it had been. A rabbit perhaps? No, it had sounded more like a foot step! Clearing her throat, but glancing around suspiciously, she tried to go back to her work to distract herself from feeling spooked. She saw a tall shadow slowly approach and looked up. Oh, it's only him. Naturally, she thought to herself, chiding herself for having let him get to her nerves so easily. She looked up and saw a tall, rugged, slick, very handsome figure standing above her. \" I'm sorry. Did I scare you?\" Vlad whispered, smirking at her quick reaction when she'd noticed him. Mirena rolled her eyes. She refused to give him the satisfaction for having snuck up on her. \"You flatter yourself.\" She muttered and went back to her work. Vlad grinned at her feisty response and knelt down beside her. \" The flowers, for your husband?\" He asked playfully. Mirena tried not to smile back but it was nearly impossible. \"The feast for tomorrow.\" She corrected him. \" Oh. But there is a husband?\" Vlad persisted. \" There is...\" Mirena began and scooted closer to him. She could play this game too if he wanted to have some fun. \"But he maintains little interest in flowers.\" She pretended to scold, but was bringing her nose only inches away from his. \" I'm surprised.\" Vlad gaped, his voice smooth with pretend sympathy. He removed her hood so he could admire her golden hair painted so beautifully in the sunlight. \"He obviously has a keen appreciation for beauty.\" Mirena stared at him. Vlad suddenly kissed her mouth, hard. Mirena gave into his affection and sat up straighter. They fell back into the flowers. \" Vlad, this is foolishness!\" Mirena squealed. Vlad let out an arrogant chuckle. \"So indiscreet.\" He commented flirtatiously. \" What if someone sees us?\" Mirena asked, trying to push him away. \" Lucky them.\" Vlad shrugged casually, pulling her lips closer into his. Mirena didn't fight back. \" Ahem!\" Dimitru announced his arrival. Mirena's eyes widened and she quickly got up and went back to her flowers, trying to act casual. Vlad just lay there pouting. Why this moment of all moments? \"Is, uh, this a bad time?\" Dimitru asked in a teasing tone. \" It is now!\" Vlad answered bluntly. He wasn't going to let his friend off the hook easily for this one. \" It's perfectly fine, Dimitru.\" Mirena said, unable to hide her blushing cheeks. Vlad grimaced and groaned loudly as he sat up. Dimitru gave him a knowing look, I know what you've been up to, my friend. \" This better be important.\" Vlad warned him with a smirk. You'd better have a VERY good reason for interrupting us! Dimitru gave a small smile, then grew serious. \"I'm afraid it is.\" He said. And that had been their last innocent day together. Vlad wished he could be outdoors today, as it was so much like that perfect one. He wanted nothing more than to pluck those very roses then take them to Mirena's tomb. But he'd have to wait for an overcast day. Tears filled his eyes. Unless he died, he would never hold her in his arms again. Never get to kiss her lips , play with her hair, or hug her close again. Vlad's heart ached for his wife as he leaned his head back on the edge of the bed. The royal Tepes family was beyond grateful that it was heavily overcast today, for they wanted to celebrate this particular day together! Sarai was getting married! She had been sought after by many male suitors, but only one her father had approved of. He was a decent man, a tinsmith, hardworking, kind and thoughtful. While others had admired the young queen for her looks, this simple, lowly gentleman had sought to win her heart and had gained it with Vlad and Ingeras's blessing! Ingeras had grown so much. He was tall like his father, with blonde hair and blue eyes. He had a brave countenance with a small mustache growing for him. He was strong, caring, and brave. He had a most winning smile, just like his father, which had not hurt him in wooing a lovely young lady, Elise, a governess into becoming his wife! Even though they were both adults now, Ingeras had kept a protective eye on his big sister, especially when Vlad wasn't around to do so. He'd wanted to make sure she would be cherished by someone who would love her the same way Vlad had adored their mother. And the man Sarai had chosen to give her heart to felt like the brother Ingeras had never had. Sarai was being prepared as a stunning princess bride. Vlad had put on his best clothes. He was very proud of this day, and he was honored to be part of it. He finally knocked on his daughter's door. \"All ready, Your Highness.\" One of the maids smiled at him as they all left the bed chamber so he could be alone with his daughter. Vlad took a deep breath and marched inside. Sarai was breathtaking in her long, white bridal gown and her long, chocolate locks resting lovingly along her shoulders. Sarai's veil was topped off with Mirena's pearl tiara. On this wonderful day, she wore it proudly, not sorrowfully. Vlad smiled proudly and tears filled his eyes. \"Hello, Papa.\" Sarai smiled, cocking her head. Vlad came to her side. \"My darling,\" He said fondly, taking her hands in his, \"you look dazzling.\" He kissed her cheek. \"Thank you.\" Sarai smiled up at him. \"You look very handsome!\" \"You are positively radiant, my dear. Are you happy?\" \"Yes, Papa. Very happy.\" Sarai nodded. \"My only regret is that Mother isn't here to share this day with us.\" She began to sniffle. \"I know. I know!\" Vlad agreed, tenderly stroking her face. \"But she is here, Sarai. Although we miss her terribly all the time, her spirit is still in this place. And right now she's smiling down on us. And I know she'd be so proud of you. You've carried on in her footsteps beautifully.\" He kissed her temple and held her close. \"Thank you, Papa.\" Sarai wept on his chest. \"Now, now. We can't have the loveliest bride in all of Transylvania look all red-eyed, now can we?\" Vlad smiled, handing her his handkerchief. Sarai blew her nose then calmed down. She smiled widely. \"That's it. That's my princess.\" Vlad traced his finger on her face. \"Oh, Sarai. This is one of the best days of my life.\" \"Mine too.\" \"I know that Andrew will take very good care of you. Your mother would've liked him. I pray that you'll both have all the happiness you deserve in this life!\" \"Thank you, Papa. And I pray that you'll find peace.\" Sarai told him seriously. Vlad swallowed to keep from choking up again. \"Thank you, my love. I'm trying to.\" He said. \"You look so beautiful, my dear, just like your mother. I can't believe you're a woman now. But you'll always be my little girl. I love you, my little princess.\" Vlad said tenderly. \"I love you too, Papa.\" Sarai said. They tightly embraced each other, then slowly broke away when they heard the steeple bells. \"Well, it's time.\" Vlad grinned widely. \"Are you ready, Sarai?\" \"Yes, I am.\" Sarai smiled back, holding her head high. She picked up her bouquet of Mirena's roses. Vlad offered his arm and she took it. \"Shall we?\" \"Yes!\" As Vlad and Sarai calmly walked down the aisle, they and Ingeras were filled with joy. But their thoughts were all with Mirena. They could sense her love between the three of them. It was an overcast day, the gray clouds painting a soft background against the tall skyscrapers. Vlad had found ways to adjust to the new century of extreme technology. His children were long gone, and now he was alone in the world though he kept an eye on his descendants. He thought of his wonderful wife every day. He walked along the city sidewalk, observing the people, trying to think of what their lives at home were like to distract himself from thinking of how much blood they had. He was passing the flower vendor when he heard a sweet voice. A dear, familiar voice that he'd thought he'd never hear again! He looked back and saw a lovely woman standing at the flower vendor, giggling with a friend that walked away. Vlad slowly walked around her. She was the exact image of Mirena! Her hair was much, much shorter and she wore a tan overcoat and wore black high heels. But even so, she had the same sweet smile, the same kind sense of humor, and the same vibrant blue eyes! It had to be her! Vlad couldn't take his eyes off her. He just had to speak to her! The woman's friend left and Vlad saw his chance. \"Beautiful.\" He said softly, gazing at her. She turned and stared at him curiously in surprise. \"The flowers, my lady.\" Vlad told her, though his eyes were on her and far from the flowers. \" My lady? \" The lady smiled in amusement. \"Where are you from?\" \"A long way from here.\" Vlad grinned. \"Oh. Well, goodnight.\" The woman said and began to depart. Vlad couldn't let her get away! \" Why think separately of this life and the next, when one is born from the last?\" He quoted. The lady stopped and gaped at him. \"That's my favorite poem!\" She exclaimed. Vlad smiled. \"It speaks to you of yearning, of one soul pleading for another.\" He said. The woman gazed thoughtfully at him. She felt confused, but not afraid; intrigued, but not on guard; curious. Who was this guy? Surely she had never met this man before, yet...there was something warm, very tender, and familiar about him! She looked into his gray eyes. A deep history ran through them, like a river of many channels. She was lost in them, yet they felt so welcoming, so...like they had been friends all their lives. \"I'm Mina.\" She said quietly. \"Vlad.\" Vlad replied. He gently took her hand and softly kissed it. Mina smiled. \"Would you like to walk with me?\" Mina suggested. \"Perhaps we could talk some more. I'm very interested in learning where you are from! Would you like to?\" \"Very much.\" Vlad said, struggling not to show his ecstasy. He wanted to hear all about her, he wanted to be with her, he wanted to know about her. \"Come along then.\" Mina cocked her head. Vlad more than gladly fell in step beside her. It felt wonderful, absolutely blissful, pure, to be with her again! He had no idea where this road would take them, but Vlad prayed and hoped with all of his heart that it was the brink of a new beginning! THE END There! Because this one was based on the movie, I included the tragedy. But my other ones I intend to be happy! I have other ones pending. Thank you for reading, and reviewing! ","Summary":" Oh my goodness! Okay, here it goes! I am not a horror/monster fan, but I fell in love with the fami"},{"Movie":"Ghost Rider","Title":"Ác quỷ trong tôi","Author":"VietnameseOP","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11476648","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Devil inside me – Ác quỷ trong tôi Chương 1 : Quá khứ Lịch sử, là những thứ đã xảy ra trong quá khứ và được ghi chép vào sử sách. Và tất nhiên có những câu chuyện đã xảy ra mà không được ghi chép lại do những tác động xấu tới tương lai mà nó có thể mang lại. Câu chuyện của tôi cũng là một trong số đó. Thời trung cổ, con người đã bị tấn công bởi các giống loài đên từ thế giới khác. Họ đã bị áp đảo bởi số lượng và sức mạnh của chúng, vào thời khắc đen tối nhất của loài người, \"HỌ\" đã xuất hiện và lấy lại thế cân bằng cho cuộc chiến, đẩy lùi lũ quái vật. Họ chính là các Hunter – Thợ săn quái vật.Lũ quái vật dần dần bị đánh bại và cuối cùng chúng biến mất không một dấu vết. Có người nói rằng chúng đã bị các Hunter tiêu diệt, có người nói rằng chúng chỉ ẩn nấp đâu đó trà trộn giữa chúng ta, chờ đợi thời cơ để một lần nữa tấn công loài người. Năm 2014, thời đại của công nghệ thông tin, chả ai nghĩ rằng lũ quỷ còn tồn tại, chờ đợi, ẩn nấp để tấn công họ. Robert Caraway, một người thanh niên có một quá khứ đau buồn, chứng kiến cả gia đình ra đi ngay trước mặt mình mà không thể làm gì, trong hồ sơ cảnh sát ghi rắng cha anh đã ngủ gật trong lúc lái xe, gây ra tai nạn làm chết cả gia đình còn anh được tìm thấy còn sống, nhờ mẹ anh ôm chặt lúc xảy ra tai nạn. Robert lúc đó mới chỉ 6 tuổi nhưng đã nhớ rõ tất cả mọi thứ xảy ra vào ngày hôm đó, và thứ gây ra vụ tai nạn đã cướp đi cả gia đình Robert. Lớn lên trong trại trẻ mồ côi, cậu ít nói chỉ có 2 người bạn duy nhất là Yuko và Nick học cùng lớp. Và tất nhiên trường học cũng chả có gì thú vị với cậu ngoài Yuko và Nick. Khỏi nói cũng bết điểm số của cậu tệ thế nào nhưng riêng môn thể dục thì luôn đứng đầu lớp, cậu không phải loại người thích gây sự nên là luôn là mục tiêu của bọn đầu gấu trong lớp. Mỗi khi bị bắt nạt, trong đầu cậu luôn hiện lên 1 giọng nói bí ẩn : \"Giết chúng, giết hết tất cả, để chúng phải trải qua nỗi khổ mà ngươi đã phải chịu đựng\" Có những lúc gần như mất kiểm soát, cậu lai nhớ về người mẹ và tưởng tượng đến ánh mắt của bà nếu biết cậu sẽ làm những việc như vậy. 15ăm sau cậu bé ngày nào giờ đây đã trở thành một tay đua xe đường phố, Yuko lúc 14 tuổi gia đình cô phải chuyển đến New York vì lý do công việc của cha mẹ, Nick thì trở thành giám đốc công ty an ninh tư nhân của gia đình và trở thành một người thanh niên thành thông minh và thành đạt. Một đêm nọ, Rob (Robert) đang ngủ thì bỗng dưng tỉnh dậy bởi tiếng động lạ ngoài cửa, anh cẩn thận mở hé cửa sổ thì nhìn thấy một chiếc xe đi qua và gặp tai nạn ngay trước cửa nhà anh. Anh khiếp hãi khi nhận ra rằng chiếc xe gặp tai nạn đó giống hệt chiếc xe của cha Rob, sự sợ hãi càng dân cao khi anh thấy một bóng đen dị dạng bò ra khỏi chiếc xe. Bóng đen đó tiến về phía một người đàn ông bí ẩn đứng gân đó, miệng nó thốt lên những âm thanh kì quái mà một người bình thường không thể nào hiểu được. Người đàn ông đứng đó lắng nghe từng \"lời nói\" mà sinh vật đó thốt lên, ông ta mỉm cười và nói với sinh vật đó rằng : Làm tốt lắm. Đến lúc này, sự khiếp hãi của Rob đã bị đẩy đến mức tột độ, bỗng gã đàn ông bí ẩn nhìn về phía Rob như thể biết rằng anh đang ở đó và nói : - Rồi sẽ đến lượt ngươi ![Chapter 2] Chương 2 : Tốc độ Rob giật mình ngã ngửa ra đằng sau và ngất đi, lúc tỉnh dậy anh nhận ra rằng mình đang ở trong một tư thế vô cùng buồn cười : chân trên giường còn đầu thì ở dưới đất . Đầu đau như búa bổ, Rob lồm cồm bò dậy, anh nghĩ rằng tất cả mọi chuyện xảy ra đêm qua chỉ là một cơn ác mộng mà bản thân mình còn không biết rằng đó chính là kí ức được chôn sâu thẳm nơi tận cùng con tim mình. Ký ức đó là đêm xảy ra vụ tai nạn, cái đêm mà anh tưởng chừng như đã mất hết tất cả mọi thứ. Bước ra khỏi cửa căn hộ của mình, anh cảm giác rằng từ đâu đó, có kẻ đang theo dõi mình. Trong đầu Rob hiện đang cố nhớ lại giấc mơ đêm qua, nhưng càng cố thì lại có cái gì đó chặn lại như thể tâm trí anh ngăn cản không cho phép mình nhớ lại những hình ảnh đó. Trầm ngâm một lúc lâu mà chẳng nhớ lại được gì, Rob bỏ cuộc và nhận ra mình đã đến nơi làm việc. Nơi Rob làm việc là một xưởng cơ khí nơi mà những tay nhà giàu mang xe của mình đến để Rob và đồng nghiệp sửa sang và độ lại xe theo ý muốn của mình. Tuy Rob không đi học đại học nhưng về kỹ thuật độ xe thì không thua kém một tay thợ lành nghề đã qua đào tạo chính quy. Về sở thích thì cũng khá độc, đó là độ và đua xe moto đường phố. Lần đầu tiên Rob đua xe là khi anh mang chiếc xe mới toanh của mình mua bằng tiền tích cóp xuất một năm của mình ra đua. Và tất nhiên, như đã thành nguyên tắc của đua xe đường phố : Newbie ( người mới ) luôn thua trong lần đua đầu tiên. Rob đã thua vì không thể nào hoàn thành nốt chặng đua với chiếc xe đã tan tành của mình. Rob giận dữ vô cùng không chỉ vì một năm tích cóp đi tong, không chỉ vì tiến cười khinh thường của đám đông mà còn có cái gì đó bên trong anh đang sôi sục. Một giọng nói tỏ vẻ xem thường lại vang lên trong đầu anh : \"Thật là nhục nhã, chả lẽ ngươi lại chịu để thua như vậy sao ? Chẳng lẽ ngươi lại để lũ đó cười vào mặt và khinh thường ngươi thế ư ? Nếu ngươi chứng tỏ rằng mình xứng đáng thì lần đua phục thù tiếp theo ta sẽ cho ngươi mượn sức mạnh của ta Rob ạ\" Rob giật mình bật dậy, tất cả hóa ra chỉ lại là một giấc mơ. Lại một giấc mơ kì quái – Rob nghĩ. Anh bước vào xưởng cơ khí, thứ anh nhìn thấy trước mắt từng là tâm huyết suất môt năm của mình giờ đây là đống sắt vụn. Nhưng không vì thế mà anh bở cuộc, anh ngồi ngay vào bàn làm việc cạnh bản thiết kế chiếc xe, rồi từng chi tiết được thay đổi. Sự thay đổi nhiều đến mức không còn là khôi phục và sửa chữa chiếc xe nữa mà là đại nâng cấp. Chiếc lốp xe được thay bằng loại cho xe moto đua, động cơ của xe moto vượt địa hình, dây dẫn xăng lớn hơn để nhiên liệu chảy vào động cơ nhiều hơn, bình xăng to gấp 1,5 lần ban đầu, trang bị 2 ống xả kép. Và điều không ai ngờ tới là tay thợ cơ khí này lại làm điều mà chưa ai dám làm với xe máy : gắn động cơ driff nitro vào chiếc moto của mình. Việc này nguy hiểm ở chỗ là khi kích hoạt nó gây rung lắc mạnh, khung xe sẽ không thể nào chịu nổi và gãy rời. Nhưng Rob đã tìm ra các khắc phục, sử dụng hợp kim thép và chrom (Crôm) nhẹ hơn và chắc hơn làm khung xe. Nhưng có một vấn đề chrom không hề rẻ và để có đủ chrom thì anh buộc phải nung chảy chiếc huân chương bằng bạch kim của ông nội, di vật cuối cùng của ông mình để lại. Ngày phục thù đã tới, một giọng nói tỏ vẻ khinh thường vang lên : - Chà chà ! Xem ai trở lại này ? Tao nhớ rồi, mày là thằng Newbie tháng trước đến đua thử và không thể cán nổi đích với đống sắt vụn đó đúng không ? Các tiếng cười đều vang lên, Rob cáu điên lên định lao vào xử tay đua đó nhưng một người bạn tên Billy ngăn anh lại : - Bình tĩnh Rob, cậu không được để hắn khiêu khích. Chúng ta đến đây để đua chứ không phải để đánh nhau. Để tớ đi chuẩn bị xe cho câu. Billy tiến về phía một chiếc xe tải nhỏ mở cửa ra và chiếc xe xuất hiện. Thoại nhìn chiếc xe có vẻ hơi lạ và không có gì đặc biệt mà chỉ có những thợ cơ khí lành nghề mới biết rằng : chiếc xe này thậm chí không thể gọi là xe mà phải gọi là CON QUÁI VẬT. Tiếng còi báo hiệu chuẩn bị vang lên, các tay đua tiến vế vạch xuất phát. Họ bắt đầu rú ga để thể hiện sức mạnh của mình. Riêng Rob thì khác, anh giắt chiếc xe của mình tới vạch xuất phát mà không hề khởi động chiếc xe. Hồi còi bắt đầu vang lên : - 3!2!1! BẮT ĐẦU ![Chapter 3] Chương 3 : Tay đua già Các xe khác lập tức lao về phía trước như những con ngựa xổng chuồng, tất cả các xe ngoại trừ Rob. Đám đông bắt đầu cười : Sao vậy nhóc ? Sợ rồi à ? Chắc thằng này sợ thua, bỏ cuộc rồi đấy ! Ôi dào ! Nó chỉ được cái vẻ bên ngoài thôi, chắc sợ vãi ra rồi ! Như nhìn xe thằng này ngon đấy, tiếc là cái xe này lại rơi vào tay cái hạng như nó. Ở đằng xa, Billy liên lạc bộ đàm với Rob : \"Anh bạn, cậu làm gì thế khởi động động cơ đi. Cậu muốn thua hả thằng ngốc ?\" Rob vẫn ngồi lì trên chiếc xe, đám đông bắt đầu cười lớn hơn. Billy hét vào bộ đàm : \"Vì chúa, làm ơn khởi động động cơ đi !\" Bỗng có giọng nói nhỏ bên kia bộ đàm : - Chúa đã bỏ rơi ta rồi ! Billy giật mình đánh rơi bộ đàm, cậu giật mình vì đó chính là giọng của Rob nhưng cảm giác như cái người mà cậu vừa nói chuyện lại là một con người khác. Nhặt lại bộ đàm lên, Billy bắt đầu nghe thấy tiếng đếm ngược ở đầu bên kia bộ đàm : \"…3, 2, 1…\" Rob vặn tay ga, tiếng động cơ rú lên át hết tiếng cười của đám đông. Đó không phải tiếng động cơ, mà là tiếng gầm của một con quái thú – Billy nghĩ. Rob thả phanh, ngay lập tức chiếc xe phóng về phía trước. Nó rất nhanh, nhanh tới mức bốc đầu. Trong lúc đó, gã tay đua vừa nhạo báng Rob hiện đang dẫn đầu không thấy bong giáng Rob đâu thì cười thầm trong bụng, nghĩ rằng anh đã bỏ cuộc. Bỗng hắn nhận dược thông báo thông qua bộ đàm của một tên đàn em : Đại ca cẩn thận, cái thằng Newbie đang bắt kịp anh đấy ! Cái gì ? Tốc độ bao nhiêu ? Em không biết, em vừa chĩa máy bắn tốc độ ra thì đột nhiên máy tự tắt luôn ! Tên \"đai ca\" hoảng hốt kiểm tra bên phải không thấy Rob đâu, định quay sang trái thì đùng một cái Rob đã ở ngay cạnh hắn. Hắn sợ nhưng vẫn quát : \"Đuổi kịp được tao thì mày cũng khá đấy nhóc ạ, nhưng mày sẽ cần nhiều hơn một cái xe ngon để thắng tao đấy thằng khốn.\" Rob không đáp, chỉ nhìn lại hắn với ánh mắt mà hắn không bao giờ quên, ánh mắt của một con quỷ nhìn vào nạn nhân của mình một cách đầy khinh thường. Hắn lần này thật sự hoảng sợ, chỉ cố rú ga lao về đích thật nhanh. Thấy rằng đã bỏ xa Rob hắn mới tạm yên tâm, bỗng hắn giật mình khi nhận ra rằng thứ duy nhất hắn có thể nghe thấy là tiếng động cơ từ xe của Rob, cùng một tiếng cười khan khàn đầy ma quái : HAHAHA ! Khá lắm ông bạn ! Ông nhanh đấy, nhưng chưa đủ đâu. Tức thì Rob lại cười và lao lên, phóng nhanh về phía trước như một con quỷ tốc độ. Cán qua vạch đích, và giành chiến thắng. Mọi người sửng sốt khi nhìn thấy người đầu tiên cán đích không phải tên \"đại ca' mà là một tên Newbie xuất phát muộn tận 1 phút. Một lát sau tên \"đại ca\" cũng hoàn thành chặng đua và theo sau hắn là những người còn lại. Hắn tỏ ra không phục và quát : Thằng khốn ! Làm thế nào mà mày … ? Làm thế nào mà mày lại có thể thắng được tao ? Tao không phục, tao muốn đua lại ! Tao không thể nào chấp nhận để một thằng Newbie như mày qua mặt tao đâu ? Rob cười và đáp : \"Được thôi nếu ông bạn muốn thua tiếp thì xin mời\" Và tất nhiên tên \"đại ca\" đã thua, không phải một mà mà hai lần, hắn bỏ đi trong tức giận cùng mối thù. Rob nói : Trong các tay đua buổi tối ngày hôm nay có ai không phục không ? Có ai muốn đua lại không ? Tất nhiên là nhiều người đã chấp nhận lời thách thức của Rob và tất cả đều ra về trong thua cuộc. Một năm sau, giờ đây Rob đã trở thành tay đua nhanh nhất, đủ nhanh để tự gọi mình là Vua Đường Phố. Rồi đến một ngày, sau khi vừa thắng thêm một cuộc đua nữa, anh vừa cất xe vào xưởng và bước ra khỏi cửa thì gặp ngay một người đàn ông tầm 60 tuổi. Người đàn ông đó nói : Cậu nhanh đấy cậu bé, nếu cậu không phiền thì có thể đua với tay đua già này chứ ? Thôi đủ rồi đấy ông già, về nhà uống thuốc đi, tôi không rảnh đâu. Rob quay đầu định bỏ đi thì nghe thấy ông già nói : \"Thế cậu định giải thích về những giọng nói trong đầu như thế nào ?\" Anh đã giật mình khi nghe thấy câu đó, anh trả lời : \"Làm sao ông biết về chúng ?\" Ông ta chỉ nói một câu : \"Có gì thì cứ đua một vong đã thì cậu sẽ biết\". Một lúc sau họ đã trên đường đua, ông ta nói : \"Được rồi, luật rất đơn giản : tôi với cậu sẽ đua vòng quanh khu phố này, một vòng duy nhất\" Rob ra vẻ : Nghe đây ông già, nếu tôi mà thắng thì ông phải nói cho tôi biết tất cả những gì ông biết nghe chưa ? Với lại để khỏi mang tiếng bắt nạt người già, tôi sẽ để ông đi trước 5 giây với chặng đua ngắn như thế này ? Cậu có chắc không ? Nếu vậy thì tôi đi trước đây ! Nói rồi ông ta phóng đi rất nhanh, lúc này Rob mới giật mình khi thấy rằng tốc độ của ông ta nhanh không khác gì mình mài có khi còn nhanh hơn. Không đợi hết 5 giây như đã nói, anh cũng bắt đầu lao đi.[Chapter 4] Chương 4 : Tái ngộ Rob vội vã đuổi theo ông ta, bản thân anh cũng rất bất ngờ khi có người còn có tốc độ nhanh hơn mình. Rob cúi người áp sát thân xe để giảm sức cản gió một cách tối đa và kéo ga hết cỡ với hy vong bắt kịp. Khi đã anh dần bắt kịp tay đua kia thì vạch đích đã rất gần, không chần chừ Rob nhấn vào chiếc nút nhỏ màu xanh ở cạnh khe chìa khóa. Động cơ đốt Nitro được kích hoạt, chiếc xe bắt đầu rung lắc mạnh nhưng đồng thời tốc độ được tăng gấp đôi đến mức ở đầu hai ống xả kép đều tỏa ra lửa xanh. Anh lao như bay về đích với tốc độ mà không một thứ gì có thể ngăn cản được. Đến lúc còn cách vạch đích 2m nữa thôi, chiến thắng đã rất gần, mọi câu hỏi của anh đều sẽ được giải đáp. Thế nhưng, vào cái khoảnh khắc mà bánh xe của Rob sắp chạm vạch đích thì bỗng dưng một chiếc xe bốc cháy cùng người lái của nó vụt qua cán đích trước. Rồi lửa từ chiếc xe kia bùng lên một lần nữa rồi vụt tắt và rồi hiện lên ngay tại vị trí đó là tay đua già. Rob đã thật sự sốc, không phải vì anh đã thua mà vì cảnh tượng anh vừa nhìn thấy, một ngọn lửa dị thường đầy ma quái. Anh dừng xe ngay cạnh ông ta, cởi mũ ra và hỏi : Làm sao mà ông có thể làm như vậy ? Tại sao ông với chiếc Harley đời 1980 lại có thể thắng chiếc The Beast (Quái thú) của tôi ? Cả việc chiếc xe của ông bốc cháy nữa ? Trả lời tôi đi ! Ông ta chỉ cười một cái và đáp : Tràng trai, ta cũng không ngờ là cậu lại dùng động cơ Driff đấy. Cậu đua khá lắm. Và có lẽ ta cũng không nhầm khi nghĩ chúng ta giấu nhau đến nhường nào. Giống nhau ư ? – Rob ngạc nhiên. Ông ta gật đầu : Đúng vậy, chúng ta giống nhau vì chúng ta khác biệt với người khác. Chúng ta là những con quỷ, những con quỷ được sinh ra từ tốc độ. Khoan đã, ông vừa nói là quỷ ư ? Ông không đùa đấy chứ Tất nhiên đây không phải là đùa. Chàng trai, hiện tại cậu vẫn chưa đủ mạnh để kiểm soát hắn nhưng sẽ có một ngày cậu sẽ làm được và tôi sẽ có mặt ở đó. Nói rồi ông ta đặt tay lên trán Rob, như anh chưa kịp phản ứng gì thì một ngọn lửa bùng lên và khi mở mắt ra thì anh nhận ra rằng mình đã ở nhà. Lại một giấc mơ quái quỷ - Rob nghĩ. Thế rồi anh ngồi dậy, làm những việc mà một người bình thường hay làm vào buổi sáng : vệ sinh cá nhân, ăn sáng, bước ra khỏi cửa và đi đến xưởng làm việc. Đến tận xưởng thì Rob mới nhớ ra rằng hôm nay là ngày nghỉ. Vỗ trán và tự trách mình đãng trí, anh quyết định đến một nơi : cô nhi viện mà anh từng ở lúc bé. Lúc đến đó bao kỉ niệm hiện về, mặc dù anh không có bạn nhưng đây vẫn là nơi mà anh từng coi là nhà. Đi dạo xung quanh, ngắm nhìn những đứa trẻ mà anh lại thấy ganh tị với sự hồn nhiên và vui tươi của chúng. Đang nằm trên bãi cỏ trước khu nhà chính, bỗng anh nhận ra một người, một người bạn, một cô gái. Rob chạy lại và gọi cô gái đó : \" Có phải cậu đấy không Yuko ? Tớ đây, Robert đây, chúng ta là bạn cùng lớp hồi tiểu học đây cậu nhớ chứ ?\" Nhưng trái với những gì anh mong đợi, Rob chỉ nhận lại một cái nhìn đầy xa lạ và khó hiểu cùng câu nói : Xin lỗi, tên tôi không phải Yuko và tôi chưa hề gặp anh bao giờ. Ồ xin lỗi, tôi nhầm người. Anh quay lưng định bước đi thì bỗng cô gái ấy nói : Tớ đùa thôi đồ ngốc ! Tớ nhận ra cậu rồi, chỉ đùa thế thôi ! Rob ngớ người ra một lúc rồi mới nói : Lạy chúa, cậu đừng đùa thế chứ. Không đùa cậu thì có gì là vui chứ. Thế là Rob và Yuko ngồi đó nói chuyện suốt buổi cho đến khi có một âm thanh vang lên : Ọt…ọt…! Rob mới nói : Này tớ đói rồi hay chúng ta đi kiếm gì đó ăn đi ? Ừ, tớ cũng đói, vậy thì giờ cậu định đi đâu ? Hay là đi ăn Pizza được nhé, tớ đãi. Hả, cậu còn nhớ là tớ thích Pizza à, đúng là bạn tốt ! À ờ tất nhiên là nhớ rồi ! (Shit, nói bừa mà cũng trúng hả trời) Cả hai cùng đi bộ đến quán Pizza gần nhất và vô tình va phải một người làm Rob ngã ngửa. Người kia thấy vậy mới đỡ anh dậy và nói : Xin lỗi, tôi không thấy anh ở đó Rob định \"nhắc nhở\" anh ta thì bỗng khuân mặt đó khiến anh nhớ lại một người và thốt lên : Nick, là cậu đúng không ? Người đó dường như mới chỉ nhận ra người đối diện mình là ai và nói : Rob, cậu đấy à ? Mà hình như kia là Yuko đúng không ? Thấy cô gái gật đầu, Nick mới hỏi : Sao hai cậu lại đi với nhau ? Có lẽ nào, hai cậu HẸN HÒ đúng không ? Hai từ \"hẹn hò\" đập vào tai Rob, anh lắp băp : Hẹ…hẹn hò cái gì ! Bọn tớ không hẹn hò mà chỉ vô tình gặp lại nhau ở cô nhi viện và giờ định đi ăn thôi. Không phải hẹn hò thì thôi, làm gì phải lung túng thế - Nick làm mặt nham hiểm. Đằng nào thì tớ cũng chưa ăn tối, tớ đi cùng được không ? Đi thì đi. Rob, Yuko, Nick cùng nhau đi ăn sau đó đi uống café. Trên đường về họ bỗng nghe thấy tiếng kêu cứu từ hẻm vọng ra : - Cứu ! Ai đó cứu tôi với ! Tôi bị cướp[Chapter 5] Chương 5 : Bùng cháy Nghe tiếng kêu cứu, cả 3 người chạy vào trong hẻm thấy một nhóm 4 người đang bị khoảng 15 tên cướp bao vây. Nick thấy vậy nói với Rob : Ông ở lại đây với Yuko, tôi sẽ ra giúp họ. Ê ông bị điên à !? Chúng ít nhất cũng phải 15 tên đấy, ông đánh không lại đâu. Thế ông quên tôi là ai rồi à, tôi là giám đốc công ty an ninh tư nhân, không thể thấy chết mà không cứu được. Không đợi Rob trả lời, Nick lao vào đá văng 1 tên đi mở đường cho mấy người kia chạy. Ba người chạy thoát còn người đàn ông cao lớn nhất thì ở lại. Nick ngạc nhiên hỏi : Anh làm gì vậy ? Tôi đã mở đường cho sao anh không chạy đi ? Anh bạn, anh đã giúp mấy thằng em trai tôi chạy được, giờ đến lượt tôi giúp anh. Thế anh định đánh cả 15 tên này một mình à ? Tôi không nghĩ vậy đâu. Trong đám cướp hiện ra 1 tên có vẻ là thằng đứng đầu, hắn nói : Này thằng kia, tao không biết mày là ai nhưng dám xen vào chuyện làm ăn của tao thì mày cũng khá lắm. Cộng với việc dám đánh thằng đệ của tao thì mày tới số rồi thằng # !%. Dean, Josh, Dan, Rick bọn mày ra chặn 2 đứa bạn thằng này lại, xử xong 2 thằng này sẽ đến lượt bọn nó. Từ đằng sau Yuko và Rob bước ra thêm 4 tên vai u thịt bắp chắn đường ra khỏi hẻm. Tên đứng đầu quát : \"Xử nó !\". Tức thì cả 15 tên lao vào đánh. Nick thì có thể dễ dàng chặn hết các đòn nhưng không thể phản công còn người đàn ông kia chật vật lắm mời đỡ được hết các đòn. Rob thấy bạn mình bắt đầu yếu thế định ra giúp nhưng lại không thể bỏ Yuko lại, định hét lên để bảo 2 người kia chạy đi thì bỗng anh nhận ra mọi thứ đang đứng im cứ như thời gian ngừng trôi vậy và chỉ mỗi anh cử động được. Bỗng một tiếng cười xuất phát từ sau lưng làm anh giật mình quay mặt lại và nhận ra tiếng cười đó là của ông già đêm hôm trước. Ông ta nói : Chà chà, ta đã nói rằng rồi chúng ta sẽ có ngày gặp lại nhưng tôi không ngờ là lại nhanh thế này đấy. Sao ông có thể làm thời gian ngừng trôi vậy ? Mà sao ông lại biết tôi ở đây ? Tất cả chỉ có thể hiểu đơn giản là mối liên kết giữa con quỷ này với con quỷ khác mà thôi. Và có vẻ như bạn cậu không cầm cự được lâu nữa đâu, có thể cậu ta sẽ cần cậu giúp đấy. Làm ơn hãy giúp họ, nếu ông có thể thì hãy giúp họ đi ! Được thôi, nhưng hãy nhớ rằng tất cả phụ thuộc vào cậu đấy. Được rồi ông làm gì thì làm nhanh lên, họ không cầm cự được lâu nữa đâu. Được thôi, để cảnh báo trước : vì đây là lần đầu nên sẽ không mấy dễ chịu đâu. Cái gì ? Không một lời nói, ông ta biến thành một bộ xương bốc cháy và đặt tay lên trán Rob. Tức thì thời gian bắt đầu trôi và Rob cảm thấy mệt mỏi và gục xuống ngất đi. Một trong 4 tên chặn đường nói : Sao vậy cô bé ? Có vẻ như bạn trai cô sợ quá ngất đi rồi đấy. Và chúng bắt đầu cười nhưng chúng dừng lại khi nhận ra Rob đang la hét, tiếng hét lớn đến nỗi đám người đang đánh nhau ở đằng xa cũng phải dừng lại. Rob gào thét, quằn quại trong đau đớn, lăn lộn với cái cảm giác bỏng rát đến tột độ đang dần bao trùm khắp cơ thể. Một lúc sau không còn thấy anh kêu gì nữa, một tên ra kiểm tra thì Rob bật dậy bẻ gãy cổ tay hắn. Không kịp phản ứng và bị tấn công bất ngờ nên hắn ngã ra đằng trước, ôm lấy cổ tay mình và hét lên vì đau. Một tên đồng bọn thấy vậy gầm lên : \"Thằng khốn !\" và lao vào thì bị Rob nắm lấy cổ áo ném bay xa 3m bất tỉnh ngay tại chỗ. Tên thứ 3 rút dao ra đâm vào vai anh nhưng Rob không hề kêu dù chỉ 1 tiếng, trái lại anh còn cười, cười một điệu cười mà chúng sẽ không bao giờ quên. Bỗng dưng cả người Rob giờ đây biến thành một bộ xương khô, biết đi và bốc cháy. Anh nắm cổ áo tên thứ ba bằng tay trái, tay phải rút dao ra khỏi vai ném thẳng vào vai tên thứ tư rồi quay lại lườm tên thứ 3 bằng đôi mắt trống rỗng và lắc đầu và đấm thẳng vào mặt hắn ngất luôn. Trong 15 tên đang đánh nhau với Nick thấy vậy thì chạy mất 7 tên, còn lại 8 tên. Rob bước tới, có tay rút súng định bắn vào con quái vật trước mặt mình thì từ trong ống tay áo Rob rút ra một sợi xích quật thẳng vào mặt hắn ngất luôn. Tiếng sung nổ lên và người trúng đạn là anh nhưng lại không có chút gì là đau đớn, tên thứ hai có súng khiếp hãi thứ trước mặt mình và bị Nick 1 đá xử gọn. 5 tên khác lao vào đánh tới tấp Rob nhưng tất cả đều vô ích và tất nhiên chúng bị đều bị đánh cho bất tỉnh.Còn tên thủ lĩnh quị xuống van xin Rob tha cho hắn, nhưng đã quá muộn, giờ sinh vật đứng trước hắn là 1 kẻ không có lòng nhân từ đang bước đến gần hắn. Sinh vật đó nói với cái giọng khàn khàn : - NHÌN VÀO MẮT TA ! TA ĐÃ THẤY MỌI THỨ NGƯƠI LÀM ! LINH HỒN NGƯƠI VẤY BẨN MÁU NGƯỜI VÔ TỘI ! Hắn bắt đầu hét lên một cách đau đớn mặc dù sinh vật đó chẳng làm gì hắn cả. Nó đứng nhìn, nhìn linh hồn nạn nhân của hắn khô héo dần. Hắn ngã xuống và ngất đi sau khi trải qua những tội ác mà chính hắn gây ra. Rob bắt đầu đứng im, và dường như chỉ vừa mới tỉnh lại sau cơn mê và nhận ra rằng lũ cướp đã bị hạ gục. Đang định quay sang hỏi Nick và Yuko rằng chuyện gì đã xảy ra thì anh thấy họ đều nhìn anh như thể người vừa làm tất cả truyện này. Bỗng sắc mặt họ ngay lập tức, đùng đùng sát khí. Yuko rút trong túi ra một con dao găm có lá bùa ở cán, Nick rút từ sau lưng ra 2 khẩu súng lục cỡ lớn. Yuko gào lên : \"Thằng khốn ! Rob đâu ? Mày đã làm gì anh ấy rồi ?!\" Rồi cả hai đồng loạt lao vào tấn công Rob.[Chapter 6] Chương 6 : Rồng Rob ngây người, không hiểu chuyện gì đã xảy ra. Tất cả những gì anh nhớ là ông già đó biến thành một bộ xương bốc cháy và đặt tay lên trán mình rồi khi mở mắt ra thì lũ cướp đã bị hạ gục. Rob nhìn về phía Nick và Yuko, thấy họ rất giận dữ mà không rõ nguyên nhân thì hỏi : Các cậu sao vậy ? Ai đã hạ lũ cướp này thế ? Họ không đáp, chỉ rút vũ khí ra và chĩa vào anh. Nick quát : Mày là ai ? Mày giấu Rob ở đâu ? Bạn tao đâu rồi ? Tớ là Rob đây, các cậu không nhận ra tớ à ? Đến lúc này mà mày còn cố cãi ư ? Tao và Yuko đã thấy mày hạ lũ cướp, cách chiến đấu đấy không phải là con người thế nên mày không phải là Rob ! Rob sửng sốt trước những điều mà bạn mình nói, nhìn vào ô cửa sổ gần đó anh thấy một hình ảnh phản chiếu của một con quỷ. Sốc và bất ngờ nên Rob đứng im như trời trồng. Nick rút từ trong túi ra chiếc điện thoại và gọi : - Khẩn cấp ! Khẩn cấp ! Căn cứ, chúng tôi vừa phát hiện một giống quỷ mới và cần tiếp viện ngay lập tức ! Bên kia bộ đàm vọng lại : - Xác nhận ! Đội D đang đến, hãy cố giữ nguyên vị trí. Cất điện thoại đi, Nick chĩa súng vào Rob và nói : Giờ thì tao cho mày cơ hội cuối để trả lời, mày là ai và mày đã làm gì Rob rồi ? Là tớ đây Nick, là tớ đây ! Thằng khốn, được rồi để xem mày còn chối được bao lâu. Không đợi Rob trả lời, Nick đã nổ những phát súng đầu tiên. Nếu nghĩ những viên đạn này là vô nghĩa như 3 tên trước thì lần này có chút khác biệt. Hai viên đạn trúng vào vai anh và ngay lập tức anh bị ngã văng về đằng sau. Bất ngờ vì chính bản thân anh cũng không ngờ rằng bạn mình lại bắn. Đoàng ! Đoàng ! Đoàng ! Thêm 3 viên đạn nữa trúng đích và lần này Rob đành nằm im. Thấy mục tiêu đã gục, Yuko liền cầm dao găm lao thẳng vào Rob. Lúc còn cách mục tiêu 1m cô nhảy lên, mũi dao hướng xuông với hi vọng có thể đục một lỗ lên đầu hắn. Cô gào lên : - Chết đi đồ giả mạo ! Thế nhưng một cách khó hiểu, mũi dao dừng lại cách đầu Rob 3cm. Cả 3 người đều rất ngạc nhiên, không hiểu chuyện gì đang xảy ra. Không thể nào, lại có cả thần chú bảo vệ ư ? – Yuko nghĩ. Từ đằng sau Nick hô to : - Yuko, tránh ra ! Nghe vậy Yuko lâp tức lùi ra xa, không chần trừ Nick xả toàn bộ đạn từ 2 khẩu súng vào Rob. Anh bất lực hét lên trong đau đớn mà không thể làm gì vì họ là bạn anh. Chết đi thằng khốn – Nick quăng một quả lựu đạn có hình dáng kì lạ vào Rob với ánh mắt đau khổ. Rob hoảng hốt khi 1 quả lựu đạn bay đến, muốn tránh cũng không được vì toàn thân đã bị thương sau khi lãnh trọn loạt đạn lúc nãy, anh nói : - Tạm biệt, bạn của tôi ! Quả lựu đạn phát nổ, một thứ ánh sáng xanh huyền diệu xuất hiện ngay chỗ quả lựu đạn . Yuko nhìn vào tia sáng đó, ánh mắt đợm buồn. Ánh sáng nhạt dần, hai người họ quay lưng đi. Đột nhiên một giọng nói vang lên, họ giật mình khi nhận ra hắn không những chưa chết mà còn có thể đứng dậy. Nhưng họ nhận ra rằng có gì đó khác thường ở hắn. Ngọn lửa trên đầu hắn đã chuyển sang màu đen, hắn nghiến răng và nói : Đủ rồi, giờ thì đến lượt ta. Nick vội vã nạp lại đạn cho 2 khẩu súng, Yuko rút dao ra mặt lo lắng. Nick lại gọi điện : \"Căn cứ, chúng tôi cần tiếp viện ngay sao chưa đến ?\" Bên kia trả lời : \"Chúng tôi còn cách sếp 1 phút nữa thôi, xin hãy cố cầm cự\" Khốn khiếp, đã thế thì – Nick lẩm bẩm rồi ném ra 3 quả lựu đạn, đợi chúng rơi gần Rob rồi anh bắn vào 1 quả. Cả 3 quả lựu đạn lập tức phát nổ cùng tiếng gào giận dữ của con quái vật. Rob trong hình dạng con quái vật vẫn đứng đó sau khi hứng trọn 3 quả lựu đạn, bị thương và giận dữ, hắn nói với cái giọng khàn khàn : - Được lắm, ta sẽ xử ngươi đầu tiên. Hắn từ từ bước tới gần Nick buộc anh ta phải xả sạch đạn vào mình. Nhưng anh ta còn sợ hãi hơn khi thấy con quỷ đó dù bị thương không nhẹ nhưng vẫn tiếp tục tiến lại gần Nick. Hết đạn, Nick rút ra 1 con dao có khắc hình thánh giá tấn công Rob. Thế nhưng tất cả đều trượt, và cuối cùng 5 giây sau Rob xách cổ áo Nick lên và nhìn anh ta bằng đôi mắt trống rỗng của mình, chuẩn bị kết liễu anh ta. Bàn tay Rob duỗi thẳng ra, dùng 4 ngón tay xương xẩu nhọn hoắt của mình đâm vào ngực Nick. Vào thời khắc Nick cận kề cái chết, Rob đột ngột dừng lại vì bị song cước của Yuko đá vào mặt. Sau cú đó thì xương hàm Rob bị lệch sang một bên, anh từ từ thả Nick ra và dung tay chỉnh lại hàm. Yuko cầm dao lao vào một lần nữa, Rob không hề né tránh mà còn dùng tay tóm lấy con dao rồi lắc đầu nhìn cô gái. Gràooo ! – Một tiếng gầm mạnh mẽ và đầy uy lực khiến Rob buộc phải thả Yuko ra và chuyển sự chú ý của mình về thứ phát ra âm thanh đó. Anh nhìn lên và thấy một con rồng đang bay tới, Rob không chần chừ rút dây xích ra chuẩn bị chiến đấu với nó. Sợi xích bỗng chốc rựng cháy như chính chủ nhân của nó, nó vung lên kèm theo sức mạnh của ngọn lửa như muốn thiêu rụi mọi thứ nó chạm vào. Đột nhiên từ sau lưng xuất hiện một con rồng khác nhưng nó lại có hình dáng khác con đầu vì nó là rồng phương Đông. Từ miệng nó phun ra không phải là lửa mà là ánh sáng xua tan bong tối. Bị tấn công bất ngờ, Rob hứng trọn tia sáng đó. Anh kêu lên vì đau đớn, con quỷ đã biến mất và Rob đã trở lại, gục ngay tại chỗ.[Chapter 7] Chương 7 : Hunters Rob tỉnh dậy trong một căn phòng giống như ở bệnh viện, hoa mắt chóng mặt, toàn thân mệt rã rời. Năm phút sau khi tỉnh dậy thì Rob thấy trong góc phòng có một cái camera đang chĩa vào mình, một lúc sau có một người đàn ông ăn mặc như bác sĩ bước vào phòng và nói với anh : - Ồ ! Cậu tỉnh rồi à ? Rob đáp lại bằng một giọng mệt mỏi : Ông là ai ? Đây là đâu và tại sao tôi lại ở đây ? Tôi là bác sĩ Anderson và cậu hiện đang ở phòng y tế của công ty an ninh tư nhân Abstergo, cậu đã hôn mê hai ngày rồi đấy. Hai ngày ư ? – Rob ngạc nhiên Thế cậu có đi được không ? Có người đang rất muốn gặp cậu. Được thôi nhưng ông muốn tôi gặp ai ? Chủ tịch của chúng tôi, ông ấy sẽ giải thích tất cả. Rob không đáp chỉ gật đầu rồi cả hai người cùng bước ra khỏi phòng và tiến về phía thang máy. Khi thang máy đến tầng cao nhất của tòa nhà, cánh cửa mở ra và có một người đàn ông trung niên đang đứng đợi ở đó. Ông ta nói : Cậu là Robert đúng không ? Tôi đang đợi cậu. Rob thắc mắc : Xin lỗi nhưng ông là ai vậy ? - Tôi là Johnathan Abstergo, chủ tịch công ty an ninh tư nhân Abstergo. Đi nào, vào văn phòng tôi nói chuyện. Rob liền đi theo ông ta vào một căn phòng nhỏ có một cái bàn làm việc gần cửa sổ. Ông ta bước tới bàn làm việc, nhấc điện thoại lên và nói : - Lissa, gọi Yuko và Nick lên đây cho tôi. Vài phút sau Yuko và Nick vào phòng nhưng ngay sau khi nhận ra sự có mặt của Rob ở đó thì ngay lập tức rút vũ khí ra. Nick hỏi : Bố ! Hắn làm gì ở đây ? Đừng lo, bây giờ đang là ban ngày cậu ta không biến hình được đâu. Với lại bố cũng có chuyện cần nói với các con. Nick làm mặt dè chừng rồi nói : Việc gì vậy bố ? Con và Yuko hẳn là biết Rob đúng không ? Dù dì mấy đứa cũng là bạn thân của nhau mà. Nhưng bố, tên này không thể nào là Robert, con đã thấy cách hắn chiến đấu. Đó chính là cậu ta, và cậu ta không phải là quỷ mà ngược lại mới đúng. Yuko ngạc nhiên hỏi : Ngược lại ư ? Ý bác là Rob chính là thiên thần sao ? Johnathan đáp : Đúng vậy, để ta kể cho mấy đứa câu chuyện này. Từ xa xưa, trước khi các Hunter xuất hiện thì đã có một thiên thần được phái xuống để cứu vớt loài người. Tên anh ta là Micheal, một chiến binh tài ba và mạnh mẽ, nhưng đáng tiếc thay anh ta đã bị Satan bắt được. Ở dưới địa ngục anh ta bị tra tấn, hành hạ và trên hết là bị chúa lãng quên. Đau khổ và giận dữ là những thứ duy nhất Micheal cảm nhận được và anh ta đã trở thành Ma Tốc Độ, thợ săn tiền thưởng của Satan. Công việc của anh ta là lùng bắt và trục xuất những kẻ chạy trốn khỏi địa ngục. Từ trước đến nay mới chỉ xuất hiện 2 Ma Tốc Độ. Người thứ nhất là Carter Slade, một cảnh sát trưởng chân chính nhưng ông ta đã phạm phải một sai lầm duy nhất đó là bán linh hồn cho quỷ dữ. Người thứ hai là Johnny Blaze, một diễn viên chuyên làm trò mạo hiểm, anh ta bán linh hồn cho Satan để chữa bệnh cho cha mình. Và người thứ ba đang ngồi trong căn phòng này, đó chính là cháu : Robert Caraway. Rob làm mặt ngạc nhiên : - Bác đừng đùa thế chứ, không vui chút nào đâu vì mục đích của trò đùa là phải gây cười nhưng cháu có giống là đang cười không ? Johnathan trả lời : Đây không phải là trò đùa và ta có một đề nghị cho cháu, ta muốn cháu gia nhập tổ chức của chúng ta. Tổ chức gì cơ ? Chúng ta là các Hunter, chúng ta bảo vệ loài người khỏi quỷ dữ từ rất lâu rồi và cháu với sức mạnh của Ma Tốc Độ sẽ trở thành một trong những Hunter mạnh nhất. Xin lỗi nhưng cháu không có hứng thú, cháu đi đây. Nói rồi anh toan bước ra khỏi cửa thì Johnathan lại nói : Vậy thì cháu tính sao về đêm hôm trước, nó đã xảy ra một lần chắc chắn sẽ xảy ra lần nữa. Hãy nhớ rằng vào cái đêm đó cháu đã mất kiểm soát và suýt chút nữa thì giết cả Yuko lẫn Nick, đúng không ? Thế thì bây giờ bác muốn cháu phải làm gì ? Đơn giản lắm, ta muốn cháu gia nhập chúng ta, gia nhập vào tổ chức Hunter này. Được thôi nhưng chúng ta sẽ bắt đầu từ đâu ? Ngay hôm nay, cháu hãy đi cùng Nick đến trụ sở chính đi, ta sắp có một cược họp quan trọng nên nó sẽ giải thích tât cả. Lúc này Nick và Yuko đứng lên nhìn về phía Rob và nói : \" Đi thôi\". Ba người họ tiến về thang máy, bước vào bên trong Nick nhấn vào cái nút đỏ ở góc bảng điều khiển thang máy. Thang máy bắt đầu di chuyển xuống tầng một và còn xuống sâu hơn xuống lòng đất. Cánh cửa mở ra và hiện ra trước mắt Rob là một cơ sở bí mật vô cùng rộng lớn nằm sâu trong lòng đất. Yuko nhìn sang Rob và nói : \" Chào mừng đến với tổ chức Hunter chi nhánh Los Angeles.\"[Chapter 8] Chương 8 : Sentinel Rob chưa hết choáng ngợp với cảnh tượng trước mắt mình thì bị vỗ vai và nói : \"Đi thôi\". Cả 3 người họ đi trên một dãy hành lang dài chạy dọc trụ sở của họ. Nick nói : \" Đây là tổ chức Hunter chi nhánh L.A, Công ti an ninh tư nhân Abstergo chỉ là cái vỏ bọc thôi. Giớ tớ và Yuko sẽ đưa cậu đi một vòng . Đầu tiên họ bước vào khu nhà kính trồng cỏ ba lá, Rob hỏi : Ở đây trồng cỏ ba lá làm gì vậy ? Yuko đáp : - Cỏ ba lá ở đây được trồng để làm đạn chống quỷ Cái gì ? Cỏ ba lá để làm đạn á ? Như thế nào ? Cỏ ba lá khi được một tuần tuổi sẽ được thu hoạch, sấy khô rồi nghiền nhỏ để nhồi vào đạn. Họ đi tiếp sang khu thứ hai, khu sản xuất vũ khí. Ở đây có 3 phân khu, phân khu sản xuất đạn, khu rèn kiếm và sản xuất lựu đạn. Nick giải thích : Đạn ở đây là được làm từ đông đỏ, kim loại rất mềm và sẽ vỡ khi chạm vào người lũ quỷ và bột cỏ ba lá bên trong nó sẽ lo nốt phần còn lại. Còn khu rèn kiếm và dao thì cũng như bình thường nhưng chỉ thêm một công đoạn cuối là khắc biểu tượng thánh giá lên. Còn việc sản xuất lựu đạn thì tớ không rõ vì đây là việc của các pháp sư. Cơ bản là khi nổ nó phát ra ánh sáng gần giống với ánh sáng mặt trời và đốt cháy lũ quỷ như có vẻ nhưg có vẻ nó không có mấy tác dụng với cậu. Hả tớ á ? – Rob thắc mắc. Đúng vậy, lúc biến hình tớ quẳng vào cậu liên tiếp 4 quả lựu đạn mà cậu vẫn không sao. Đừng nói nữa, tớ xin lỗi vì đã đập cậu một trận hôm trước. Đừng có nhắc lại việc đó, không buồn cười chút nào đâu. Nhưng đúng là buồn cười thật mà ! – Yuko nói chen vào. Được rồi, sang khu kế tiếp. Họ đi sang khu kế tiếp và ở đó không có gì nhiều ngoài mấy chiếc giường và vài cái máy kì lạ cạnh nó với chiếc màn hình lớn treo trên tường. Yuko nói : - Đây là khu mô phỏng, người dùng sẽ nằm lên giường và kết nối với cỗ máy kia và cơ thể sẽ rơi vào trạng thái hôn mê và tâm trí họ sẽ được đưa vào máy chủ để luyện tập ( giống như Sword art online) và nếu chết trong khi luyện tập với hệ thống thì cơ thể sẽ tỉnh lại. Khu tiếp theo là khu tập thể hình, công dụng thì khỏi nói. Khu tiếp theo là phòng sinh hoạt chung của từng nhóm. Mỗi phòng đều được đánh dấu bằng chữ. Nick nói : Cậu có thể thấy mỗi phòng đều được đánh dấu bằng chữ và đó là phòng của các nhóm Hunter. Phòng A là phòng của nhóm tớ và Yuko nhưng trước kia là bọn tớ là nhóm 5 người nhưng 3 người kia hi sinh rồi. Xin lỗi đã khơi lại truyện cũ. Không sao, đó không phải lỗi của cậu. Được rồi, phòng D là nhóm người hóa rồng hôm trước đã xử lí cậu chỉ với 1 đòn . Rob ra vẻ khó chịu : \"Ha Ha Ha, được rồi kể tiếp đi\". Nick nói tiếp : - Nhóm G là nhóm chuyên sử dụng súng để đi săn, nghe nói hầu hết là cựu chiến binh cả. Nhóm P là nhóm chuyên sử dụng khiên, họ là những người bảo vệ dân thường khi có giao tranh và họ không tham gia chiến đấu. Nhóm C có thể nói là toàn người kì quăc nhưng trong chiến đấu thì không thua ai đâu. Tóm lại cậu có thể hiểu là D tức Dragons (rồng), G tức Gun (súng), P tức Protector (người bảo vệ), C tức là Crazy (điên) và A tức Assassin (sát thủ). Đúng vậy, tớ và Yuko là sát thủ và có thể dễ dàng xử gọn mọi loại quỷ. Yuko nói chen vào : - Tất nhiên là trừ cậu ra. Còn giờ thì cậu có thể vào phòng bọn tớ ngồi nghỉ trong khi chờ lệnh từ ban giám đốc. Sau đó ba người họ bước vào phòng A, thấy trong đó có hai người, một nam một nữ đang ngồi trong đó. Yuko nói : \" Ê nhầm phòng rồi, phòng D ở bên cạnh cơ mà.\" Cô gái lạ mặt kia nói lại : - Chúng tôi không nhầm phòng, chúng tôi ở đây vì lệnh của ban giám đốc. Rồi chiếc màn hình trên tường đột nhiên sáng lên và trên đó hiện ra hình ảnh Johnathan. Nick hỏi : Bố, cố chuyện gì vậy ? Sao hai người này lại ở đây ? Johnathan trả lời : - Trước tiên là chào mừng Rob đến với tổ chức. Thứ hai là tôi muốn gặp các bạn có việc quan trọng, đó là gộp 2 nhóm A và D lại làm một và lấy tên là Sentinel (Vệ Binh). - Khoan đã, sao bố lại quyết định như thế ? - Các bạn thấy đấy, nhóm A thì có 3 thành viên đã hi sinh, nhóm D thì chỉ có 2 nên tôi nghĩ sẽ tốt hơn nếu các bạn hợp tác với nhau tạo thành một nhóm 5 người theo tiêu chuẩn. Được rồi, tạm biệt. Màn hình vụt tắt, 5 người nhìn nhau trong giây lát. Nick nói : Được rồi nếu không có vấn đề gì thì chúng ta sẽ ngồi xuống và tự giới thiệu bản thân. Không ai phản đối và tất cả cùng ngồi xuống. Người thanh niên cao gầy đi cùng cô gái kia mở lời : Tên tôi là Victor, Victor Blazkowicz đến từ Na Uy. Tôi 31 tuổi và là người hóa rồng. Đến lượt cô gái kia : Tên tôi là Lily Chen đến từ Trung quốc. 27 tuổi và là người hóa rồng. Victor là đồng đội và đồng thời là bạn trai tôi. Kế tiếp Yuko : Tên tôi là Yuko, Kusanagi Yuko. Đến từ Nhật và là Samurai. Sau đó là Nick : Tên tôi là Nick, Nicholas Abstergo. Người Mĩ và là sát thủ. Cuối cùng là Rob : - Tên tôi là Robert Carraway, Người Mĩ và là Ma Tốc Độ. Lily có chút phản ứng, sau đó hỏi : Ồ hóa ra cậu là người đã đánh bại cùng một lúc cả 15 tên cướp và suýt giết bạn mình à ? Thú vị đấy. Rob trả lời : Thực ra là lúc đó tôi bị mất kiểm soát và cũng may có các bạn chứ nếu không thì Nick đã không còn ngồi đây nữa rồi. Mà cho tôi hỏi, Victor sao anh có thể hóa rồng được vậy. Victor đáp : Thực ra hồi nhỏ tôi sống cùng ông ngoại ở Na Uy, ông đã tặng tôi một con rồng vào dịp sinh nhật. Rồi một hôm khi vào rừng chơi thì tôi bị quỷ tấn công, còn con rồng của tôi vì bảo vê tôi nên bị thương nặng. Lúc nó sắp chết, vì muốn cứu nó nên ông ngoại tôi đã làm phép hợp thể với tôi và nó. Và giờ tôi và nó giờ là một. Ra vậy, thế còn Lily thì sao ? Cô ta nói : Không giống như Vic, tôi sinh ra là con gái cả trông gia tộc rồng ở Trung Quốc. Thế cậu thì sao Robert ? Cô có thể gọi tôi là thiên thần hay ác quỷ cũng được. Bỗng có tiếng chuông báo động vang lên. Bốn người kia đứng dậy trong khi Rob hoàn toàn không biết chuyện gì đang xảy ra. Yuko vỗ vai Rob : \"Đi thôi, chúng ta có việc rồi đấy.[Chapter 9] Chương 9 : Đột kích nơi bến cảng Rob theo bốn người kia vào kho chứa vũ khí, trong kho có nhiều phòng nhỏ, trên mỗi cửa phòng có biển tên từng người. Nick nói : - Đây là khu chuẩn bị, mỗi người đều có phòng riêng với các trang bị đã được chuẩn bị sẵn còn bây giờ thì cậu vào phòng cậu đi. Rob loanh quoanh một lúc mới tìm được phòng mình và khi bước vào thì anh thấy ở giữa phòng có một tấm bạt đang che cái gì đó giữa phòng. Không chần chừ anh kéo tấm bạt ra và anh nhận ra chiếc The Beast của mình ở ngay đó kèm một chiếc hộp lớn cạnh nó. Khi Rob định mở chiếc hộp ra thì bỗng dưng có giọng nói vang lên : \"Xác nhận giọng nói\". Rob tỏ vẻ ngạc nhiên : \"Cái gì ?\". Tức thì cái hộp đó lặp lại giọng nói của anh và nó nói : - Giọng nói xác nhận, Robert Carraway, thành viên đội S. Rồi nắp hộp bật ra, bên trong có một sợi xích dài 4m một cái bộ đàm dạng tai nghe, một khẩu súng lục cùng 4 băng đạn và một con dao găm dài 20 cm khắc hình thánh giá. Thú vị đấy – Rob nghĩ. Trang bị đầy đủ rồi dắt chiếc xe ra ngoài, ở sảnh chính mọi người đang đợi sẵn. Victor và Lily ăn mặc như thường, họ chỉ mang theo bộ đàm và một khẩu súng lục. Nick thì ăn mặc như lính đặc nhiệm. Còn Yuko thì mang một bộ giáp samurai, mang một thanh Katana và một con dao găm kiểu Nhật. Cả năm người tiến về một chiếc bàn, Nick chỉ vào tấm bản đồ trên bàn : Vệ tinh của chúng ta phát hiện được dấu vết của quỷ ở khu cảng bỏ hoang này, chúng ta sẽ đến đó. Victor và Lily, hôm nay trời nhiều mây nên các bạn có thể bay đến đó trước mà không lo bị dân thường nhìn thấy đồng thời kiểm tra trước. Còn Rob, cậu sẽ đi cùng tớ và Yuko. Victor đáp : \"Vậy thì chúng tôi lên sân thượng đây\" rồi hai người họ bước vào thang máy. Rob hỏi : Họ lên sân thượng làm gì vậy ? Họ có thể bay nên họ sẽ xuất phát ở đó. Còn chúng ta thì sẽ đi xe. Ồ vậy à, nhưng tớ sẽ tự đi một mình. Được thôi, cố mà bắt kịp đấy. Yuko và Nick cùng đi trên chiếc xe hơi thể thao còn Rob thì ngồi lên chiếc The Beast và khởi động xe. Tiếng động cơ gầm rú át đi tiếng động cơ xe của Nick. Cửa hầm vừa mở ra thì cả hai liền phóng vụt ra với một tốc độ đáng kinh ngạc. Trên đường đi, Yuko giải thích thông qua bộ đàm : - Cậu có thể thấy trên bộ đàm còn gắn một mắt kính đúng không, giờ thì nhấn vào cái nút ở gọng kính đi, có một bất ngờ nho nhỏ đấy. Rob làm theo và nhấn nút, lập tức nó trở thành một cái màn hình hiển thị vị trí của Rob và những người khác trên bản đồ. Yuko tiếp tục : Giờ thì nhìn vào bản đồ, cậu sẽ thấy con đường màu xanh không ? Có, thì sao ? Đó là đường đi của chúng ta đến điểm tập kết. Cứ đi theo nó là sẽ đến nơi. - Còn giờ thì ngửi khói đi nhé – Nick nói chen vào bộ đàm. Rồi chiếc xe lao như bay về phía trước bỏ lại Rob trên đường. Nick đang hả hê thì nghe được câu nói của Rob bên kia bộ đàm : - Nhanh đấy, nhưng chưa đủ đâu. Nói rồi anh kích hoạt động cơ Drif nitro phóng vụt lên phía trước và bỏ xa xe của Nick. Một lúc sau khi Nick và Yuko đến nơi thì đã thấy Rob cùng Victor và Lily đã ở đó. Victor khen : - Cậu nhanh đấy, đến trước cả bọn tôi thì đúng là đáng kinh ngạc thật. Nick làm mặt méo mó : Cái xe, tốc độ, niềm tự hào của tôi … Yuko thấy vậy liền nói : Thôi chúng ta đến đẻ làm việc chứ không phải để chơi, vào việc chính đi. Nick lúc này thì mới nghiêm túc : Victor và Lily, hai người bay lên kiểm tra xung quanh đi, còn ba người bọn tôi sẽ đi vào khu nhà chứa hàng kiểm tra. Khi vào khoang chứa hàng thứ 3 mọi thứ xung quanh đen như mực cho đến khi 1 ánh sáng chói ra từ giữa khoang hàng, từ trong cái ánh sáng ấy xuất hàng chục con quỷ, chúng gào rú lên các âm thanh kinh khủng và chúng lập tức lao vào tấn công nhóm rob, nick và yuko liền rút vũ 2 con dao bạc ra câu giờ cho rob biến hình tuy yếu xong lũ quỷ rất đông, yuko và nick dù giết bao nhiêu con đi chăng nữa thì chúng vẫn còn rất đông, cảm thấy tình thế khó khăn nick liền rút bộ đàm ra gọi cho victor: cậu và lily có thể xuống đây giúp không? Ok! Bọn tớ đang tới-victor trả lời Trên đường bay tới khi Victor và Lily xuống đất thì sau 1 thùng hàng 2 con ma thu dạng sói nhảy ra Victor nhận điều đó nên đã tránh kịp còn Lily lập tức hóa rồng và lấy đuôi quật bay 1 con ma thú, con ma thú con lại cũng lập tức lao vào Victor, cậu ấy lấy con dao dấu trong giày và chém 1 nhát vào mắt phải con thú sau đó bật lùi lại chỗ Lily và phi con dao vào nốt mắt bên trái, con ma thú quằn quại đau đớn máu chảy dòng dòng từ mắt trái của nó con ma thú do không thấy gì nên nó liên tục lao đầu vào các bức tường xung quanh, Lily hóa về dạng người và nói: tốn nhiều thời gian quá rồi đi thôi ừ! Hai người chuẩn bị dời đi thì con sói bị Lily đánh bay liền quay lại do quá bất ngờ lily không để ý Victor liền nhảy vào và đẩy Lily đi kết quả cậu lĩnh chọn 1 nhát cào của con sói vào lưng, Lily liền cắm con dao vào tim và giết nó, con sói còn lại bị mất máu mà chết vết thương của victor khiến cậu ấy ngất đi Lily đành phải đưa cậu ấy về trụ sở. còn bên phía Nick, Rob đã biến hình hoàn tất song vẫn không thể tiêu diệt tất cả 1 lúc, từ trong góc tối phát ra 1 tiếng nói: tốt lắm các nô lệ của ta! Có 1 người bước ra từ nơi âm thanh phát ra, hắn mặc áo choàng trắng và cẩm 1 quyển sách phép thuật trên tay, nick liền hỏi hắn: mi là ai? Đang làm gì ở đây? Lũ quỷ này do ngươi gọi ra ư? Hắn cười vang 1 lúc và trả lời câu hỏi của nick: ta là pháp sư pelix, ta học phép triệu hồi quỷ từ rất lâu và hôm nay ta đã có thể thực hiện được nguyện vong từ lâu, ta đang tạo ra 1 đội quân quỷ và sử dụng chúng cho mục đích cao cả \"cao cả\" vậy mi nói cho ta biết đó là gì được không?-yuko hỏi hắn Ngu mà nói cho bọn ngươi dù sao các ngươi cũng không sống cho đến lúc việc này được thực hiện nên cũng chả mất gì nếu nói cho ngươi biết, ta sẽ triệu hồi chúa quỷ và cùng ngài chiếm lấy thế giới này! Cái gì!- Nick ngạc nhiên- mi biết để triệu hồi 1 kẻ có quỷ khí mạnh như vậy là không thể không, haha! Mi lên kế hoack không chuẩn rồi Mi nghĩ ta ngu đến vậy sao, mày sẽ ngạc nhiên với thứ tao sẽ dung để gọi chúa quỷ Ngắt lời hắn rút trong túi áo ra 1 cái bình bên trong là 1 dung dịch đỏ như máu: đây là đá phép chưa hoàn thành, chỉ cần uống nó ta sẽ đủ mạnh để triệu hồi chúa quỷ Hắn ta mởi nắp bình và uống gần cạn cái bình, hắn ta bỗng tỏa ra 1 luồng khí cực mạnh và hắn liền niệm phép lên ấn triêu hồi,Yuko nói với giọng tuyệt vọng: tại sao giờ Lily và Victor chưa đến có truyện gì xảy ra với họ rồi ư không thể nào, họ manh lắm không thể dễ bị đánh bại được đâu-rob nói khoan im lặng đi có tiêng gì đó nghe như tiếng ôt- nick nói âm thanh càng lúc càng gần, khi nó gần hết cỡ thì cánh của thép bị đâm bay đi bởi 1 chiếc xe bọc thép, cửa mở ra và có giọng nói hét lên: mọi người cúi đầu xuống! 1 người đàn ông to cao cùng với 1 khẩu minigun liền nã đạn liên tục vào lũ quỷ bỗng từ đằng sau có vài con lao đến thì 1 tiếng đạn vang lên từ xa và chỉ sau vài phát đám quỷ đó đã chết hết, vài con quỷ vừa gọi ra lao vào \"BÙM\" 1 quả tên lửa đã quét sạch dám đó, chỉ sau 1 lúc lũ quỷ đã bị tiêu diệt hết, Rob đang ngạc nhiên thì Nick liền nói: - đó là đội G, họ làm gì ở đây ? Yuko nói to: tất cả mọi chuyện để sau mau ngăn tên kia lại trước khi hắn gọi ra chúa quỷ Yuko lao lên và cắm 1 con dao và bụng hắn, hắn đau đớn ngã xuống sàn và phép triệu hồi đã bị dừng lại Khi Yuko quay đi hắn đứng lên uống nốt những gì còn lại trong bình sau đó hắn nói: tôi xin hy sinh toàn bộ mạng sống trong thế hệ nhà tôi và cả tôi để triệu hồi ngài dút lời vòng triệu hồi lại sáng lên, hắn liền bị tan biến dần trước khi biến mất hắn liền nói: bước 1 của kế hoạc đã thành công, thế giới của các người rồi sẽ biến mất giống như ta khi hắn biến mất từ vòng triệu hồi 1 chùm sáng phá nóc khoang chứa và bay lên trời biến mất chỉ sau vài giây, Nick thắc mắc: những gì hắn vừa nói có nghĩa là gì? Mình không biết nhưng xem ra vụ này không đơn giản là gọi chúa quỷ lên đâu, ngoài ra chúng ta phải mau đi tìm tên kia ngay!-rob trả lời Nhưng họ sớm nhận ra chúa quỷ không phải thứ duy nhất được triệu hồi mà cả thêm một con Cyclop cao 4m lao về phía họ, Victor và Lily đang rất mệt vì vừa chiến đấu xong nên không thể hóa rồng lại ngay được nên không thể làm gì được. Khi nó lao đến thì đột nhiên dừng lại do cái dì đó bay vào mắt nó và chết ngay tại chỗ. Khi đó một người trong đội G mặc áo giáp đỏ tiến lại gần Rob và chĩa súng vào anh rồi nói : Ngươi là ai ? Sao những người này không tấn công ngươi mà ngươi lại còn chiến đấu cùng họ ? Rob biến lại thành người rồi trả lời : Tôi là thành viên mới của đội S, chủ tịch vừa chiêu mộ tôi ngày hôm nay. Thì ra là vậy, lại thêm một tên nữa. Thêm một tên nữa ? Nick nói nhỏ vào tai Rob : Thật ra thì cậu không phải là con quỷ đầu tiên gia nhập tổ chức đâu, tớ sẽ kể chi tiết sau. Người mặc giáp đỏ tiến lại gần Nick rồi cởi mũ ra để lộ ra khuôn mặt của một cô gái trẻ và hỏi : Sao anh với bố không nói với em là chúng ta có thành viên mới ? Thì cậu ta cũng mới gia nhập hôm nay thôi. Thế à, vậy anh ta có bạn gái chưa ? Anh cũng không rõ. Rob thấy hai người kia nói chuyện mới hỏi : Nick, cô gái này là ai vậy ? Đây là em gái tớ Jenny ? Rob chưa kịp trả lời thì bị Victor nói chen vào : Được rồi, mọi việc ở đây coi như đã xong chúng ta có thể về. Đội thu dọn hiện trường đang trên đường đến. Nick hô to : Vậy thì để cảm ơn thì sao khi chúng ta về công ty thì tôi sẽ đãi mọi người một chầu bia. Thế là đội S lẫn đội G đều lên xe rời khỏi bến cảng, bỏ lại cái bóng đen trên nóc nhà gần đó đang dõi theo họ.[Chapter 10] Chương 10 : Khi ánh đèn vụt tắt Một lúc sau tất cả mọi người đều có mặt tại quán bar gần công ty mỗi người cầm một chai bia nói chuyện với nhau, Victor nói với người đàn ông to lớn bên đội G : Bố có thể cho con biết bố với đội G làm gì ở bến cảng khi nãy không ? Rob nói chen vào : Khoan đã, bố ư ? Nhìn anh ta già lắm cũng chỉ 40 tuổi thôi, còn anh chắc cũng khoảng 30 tuổi thôi, tôi tưởng hai người là anh em cơ đấy ! Ông ấy từng là lính tham gia thế chiến II và bị quân Đức bắt được sau đó đem ra làm thí nghiệm và kết quả là thí nghiệm thành công và ông ấy trốn thoát với sức mạnh gấp 3 lần người bình thường, nhìn thế này thôi chứ ông ấy hơn 50 rồi. Còn bây giờ bố trả lời con đi. Người đàn ông kia chưa kịp trả lời thì bị Jenny cướp lời : Thực ra là bố chưa hẳn là yên tâm với nhóm các anh nên đã cử đội G bọn em đi theo để nếu có gì không ổn thì ra tay giúp. Nick làm mặt thất vọng : Đúng là bố, làm việc gì cũng chả bao giờ nói với người khác. Nhưng cũng nhờ thế thì các anh mới có thể ngồi đây uống bia Rob đột nhiên nhớ ra một việc liền hỏi mấy người bên đội G : Đúng rồi, lúc nãy có một con Cyclops xuất hiện nhưng đột nhiên nó lăn đùng ra chết, vậy là ssao ? Lúc này Jenny giật mình nói với người đàn ông kia : Thôi rồi, đội trưởng William, chúng ta quên mất Tom rồi, anh ta hẳn là là sẽ cáu lắm đấy. \"Tom là ai ?\" – Rob hỏi. - Anh ấy là sniper đã hạ gục con Cyclops đó chỉ bằng một phát đạn duy nhất. William đứng dậy cầm chiếc áo khoác nói : \"Để tôi đi đón cậu ta\" rồi toan bước ra cửa thì bị một giọng nói có chút tức giận cản lại : Không cần đâu, tôi đã ở đây rồi. Xin lỗi, chúng tôi quên mất cậu. Anh ta không đáp chỉ cầm vài chai bia tiến về cái ghế sofa trong góc phòng rồi lẳng lặng uống một mình. Cuộc nói truyện tiếp tục đến gần một giờ sáng rồi kết thúc sau đó ai về nhà nấy. Sáng hôm sau vào lúc 7h Rob đã có mặt tại phòng tập của công ty và thấy Jenny đã ở đó và kết nối với hệ thống. Chần chừ một lúc thì anh quyết định kết nối vào thử. Sau khi kết nối vào hệ thống, anh nhìn thấy Jenny đang bị một đám quỷ lớn bay vây, thấy có vẻ không ổn anh liền biến hình định giúp thì bỗng anh nhận ra Jenny đang mỉm cười. Cô lập tức quăng ra 4 quả lựu đạn và dùng khẩu AK-47 bắn hạ bất cứ con quỷ ào đến gần cô. Lựu đạn nổ lũ quỷ bị hạ gần hết còn đúng 30 con, chúng lao vào cô nhưng không có con nào chạm được vào cô. 30 viên, 30 con quỷ thật đúng là đáng sợ khi khi nghĩ rằng cô ta nhỏ hơn Rob vài tuổi. Sau đó hệ thống hiện ra bảng điểm và như một diều hiển nhiên, điểm của Jenny luôn đứng đầu bảng và xếp hạng S. Nhận ra sự có mặt của Rob, cô ta nhìn về phía anh và mỉm cười : Này người mới, anh có muốn đấu thử một trận không ? Được thôi, luật là gì ? Không có luật nào cả, chỉ đơn giản là đánh nhau thôi ? Đùa tôi à, tôi không muốn đánh nhau với con gái. Cô ta nở một nụ cười ranh mãnh đáp : Muộn rồi anh đã đồng ý, không tránh được đâu! Hệ thống ! Chế độ đối kháng ! Thách đấu : Robert Carraway ! Bản đồ đấu trường cổ ! Ngay lập tức một bảng chọn xuất hiện trước mặt Rob, anh chần chừ một lúc rồi nhấn nút \"Chấp Nhận\". Hệ thống vang lên giọng thông báo : \"Hệ thống xác nhận ! Chế độ đối kháng ! Jenny Abstergo vs Robert Carraway !\" Quang cảnh xung quanh bắt đầu thay đổi và biến thành một đấu trường, Rob chọn cho mình vũ khí là xích thép cuốn chéo qua vai rồi tiến ra giữa đấu trường. Anh bắt đầu nghe những tiếng cười khúc khích của Jenny vang vọng khắp đấu trường, cũng đúng vì đây là lần đầu Rob chiến đấu ở một nơi như thế này còn Jenny thì có vẻ là biết rõ đấu trường này như lòng bàn tay nên việc cô biết tất cả các chỗ ẩn nấp là lẽ đương nhiên. Đột nhiên một quả lựu đạn không rõ từ đâu lăn tới sát chân anh, Rob nhìn thấy liền giật mình bất giác sút bay quả quả lựu đạn lên không trong vô thức, quả lựu đạn bay lên cao rồi phát nổ mà không làm Rob bị thương. Giọng nói của Jenny vang lên: \"Đá văng quả lựu đạn lên không trung không phải là việc mà ai cũng dám làm nên anh cũng khá lắm\" Rob cười hừ một tiếng rồi đáp : Còn cô cũng khá lắm, lợi dụng việc nắm rõ đấu trường này để làm lợi thế thì cũng khong phải hạng tầm thường đi. Bây giờ thì cô ra mặt và chiến đấu như một người lính đi. Cô ta đáp lại một cách nhí nhảnh : Đáng tiếc là anh sẽ không nhìn thấy tôi đâu, trò chơi kết thúc rồi ! Cái gì ? \"Đoàng\" một viên đạn bắn thẳng vào giữa ngực Rob và ngã ra đằng sau. Trên nóc nhà gần đó Jenny cầm khẩu súng bắn tỉa toan quay bước đi thì ngay lập tức nhận ra có gì đó không ổn vì không thấy hệ thống thông báo người thắng. Cô ta quay lại thì Rob đã biến mất. Cô ta lấy ra khẩu súng máy M60 và tìm kiếm, phát hiện có chuyển động thì ngay lập tức bắn xối xả vào điểm đó và hỏi một câu với ý chế nhạo : \"Anh chết chưa ?\" Có tiếng Rob phát ra từ điểm đó : \"Chưa đâu !\". Lại thêm một loạt đạn nữa và lại câu hỏi đó : \"Giờ thì sao ?\"Lại có tiếng trả lời : \"Chưa đâu\". Trong lúc đó, đằng sau tảng đá là Rob đang ẩn nấp một cách tuyệt vọng vì làm thế nào một sợi xích có thể đánh bại một khẩu súng máy cơ chứ, cũng may là nhờ cuốn sợi xích quanh người thì mới đỡ được phát đạn chí tử và cũng nhờ thế mà anh đã xác định được vị trí của Jenny. Đang loay hoay ẩn nấp thì trong đầu Rob nảy ra một ý kiến khá kì cục nhưng sẽ có hai tình huống xảng ra. Một là nếu mọi thứ anh nghĩ là đúng thì kế hoạch sẽ thành công, nếu không thì cứ xác định là ăn cả mớ kẹo đồng vào người. Sau đó Rob nhìn thấy một tảng đá lớn gần chỗ Jenny đang đứng và chạy như bay về phía đó, trên đường đi thì mưa đạn bắn tới tấp nhưng cũng may là nhờ cuộn xích quanh người nên không sao. Khi chạy ra sau tảng đá đó, khoảng cách giữa hai người là 3m nhưng Jenny lại dùng súng máy xả đạn liên tục nên Rob không thể lại gần. Nhưng tất cả đều nằm trong kế hoạch của anh ta, anh ta kêu lên thật to : \"Trượt hết rồi, cô học cách bắn ở đâu thế hả cái đồ hai lưng !\". Đúng như anh dự đoán cô ta dừng bắn và bắt đầu quát tháo chửi bới rằng anh ta là đồ biến thái sau đó rút ra khẩu súng phóng lựu và nói : \"Nãy giờ tôi còn nhân nhượng với anh nhưng bây giờ thì hết rồi, ăn lựu đạn đi !\". Ngay lập tức một quả lựu đạn bay về phía tảng đá và phát nổ, tảng đá thì tan tành nhưng người thì không thấy đâu cả. Đột nhiên một sợi xích không rõ từ đâu bay đến cuốn chặt vào người Jenny làm cô ta không thể nhúc nhíc và ở đầu sợi xích kia là Rob với nụ cười đắc chí, anh ta nói : \"Cô cũng nguy hiểm đấy, tôi cũng không ngờ là tôi lại nói trúng điểm yếu của cô ai mà ngờ được rằng bên dưới bộ giáp đó lại là một bức tường\". Cô ta đỏ mặt rồi hét lên : \"Tên biến thái thả ta ra\" nhưng sau đó Rob dùng một tay giữ xích còn tay kia thì rút dao ra và nói : \"Trò chơi kết thúc\". Jenny đang không hiểu chuyện gì đang xảy ra thì đột nhiên Rob giật thật mạnh sợi xích và cô ta ngã bị kéo về phía anh, Rob chĩa dao về phía Jenny và định để cô ta ngã vào con dao này. Nhưng run rủi thế nào thì nhát đâm đó lại trượt vào hai người đâm sầm vào nhau. Và khi mở mắt ra thì Rob nhận ra mình đang rơi vào tình huống vô cung éo le, cái tình huống mà khoảng cách giữa môi của hai người là bằng không. Sau khi nhận ra chuyện gì đã xảy ra Jenny mặt đỏ bừng, miệng lắp bắp từng chữ một : \"Đồ… biến… thái.\" Rob thì ngay lập tức thanh minh trong tình trạng mặt đỏ bừng : \"Xin lỗi, tôi không cố ý tất cả chỉ là tai nạn mà thôi.\"Cô ta hét lên : \"Hệ thống ! Đầu hàng !\" Hệ thống hiển thị câu hỏi : \"Bạn có chắc chắn không ?\". \"Có\"- Jenny thốt lên. \"Hệ thống xác nhận ! Người thắng cuộc là Robert Carraway !\" Sau đó Jenny lẳng lặng thoát khỏi hệ thống và sau đó là Rob. Khi ra ngoài thì thấy Lily, Victor và Nick đang đứng đợi ở ngoà vỗ vai Rob và nói : Cậu được lắm, ngày thứ hai đến công ty mà đã làm được thế thì đúng là khá thật. Đặc biệt là khi đó là EM GÁI tớ, cũng may vì mẹ tớ đang sợ là nó không kiếm được bạn trai. Cậu nói cái gì ? Tất cả chỉ là tai nạn thôi, tớ định kéo con bé lại gần để đâm dao thôi ai ngờ tớ lại đâm trượt rồi … \"Rồi cậu hôn cô ấy chứ gì ?\" – Lily nói chen vào vói gọng đùa cợt. Tôi đã bảo là không phải là như mọi người nghĩ đâu mà chị đừng đùa như thế nữa. \"Nhưng mà có người không nghĩ thế đâu.\" – Victor nói. Rob tỏ vẻ khó hiểu : - Cái gì ? Ai cơ ? Thì tôi đang nói Yuko đấy, sau khi thấy hai người làm hành động đặc biệt đó thì cô ấy đã bỏ đi ngay lập tức rồi. Thế nhưng dù thế Rob vẫn không hiểu được ý của Victor khi anh ta nói Yuko bỏ đi sau khi thấy hai người \"đấu\" với nhau. Đên hôm sau, sau khi thắng vài cuộc đua thì Rob quyết định về công ty cất xe nhưng dọc đường anh thấy một gương mặt thân thuộc – Jenny – bên chiếc xe hơi bị hỏng. ANh dừng lại và hỏi : Muộn rồi sao cô còn đứng ngoài này. Xe hỏng à ? Cô ấy thì thấy Rob thì mặt đột nhiên đỏ ửng lên rồi trả lời một các ngượng ngùng : Xe hỏng, anh có thể chở tôi về công ty được không. Rob thực ra cũng cảm thấy ngượng về chuyện hôm qua nhưng vẫn cố tỏ ra bình tĩnh : Được rồi cô lên đi. Jenny ngồi lên và chiếc xe bắt đầu chạy, khi đi được khoảng 10 phút thì bị một đám du côn chặn đường và bắt họ xuống xe. Lúc Jenny chuẩn bị rút súng ra để tự vệ thì từ đằng xa, một người thanh niên bước tới. Khuôn mặt không rõ vì anh ta dùng khăn bịt mặt, nhưng nhìn vào đôi mắt thì cũng có thể nói là tầm tuổi Rob. Anh ta ngăn lũ cướp lại nhưng chúng tỏ vẻ khinh thường người thanh niên đó. Anh ta cởi chiếc mũ ra, tay phải để sau lưng còn tay trái cầm một chiếc điện thoại. Cả lũ du côn lao vào anh ta thì đột nhiên cả khu mất điện, nhưng vẫn có âm thanh của việc đánh nhau. Ba mươi giây sau có điện trở lại và mọi thứ vẫn thế, chỉ một điều vô cùng kì lạ xảy ra là tất cả lũ du côn đó đều bị hạ gục còn người thanh niên kia thì không có vẻ gì là bị thương cả. Anh ta quay bước đi nhưng Rob gọi lại : Khoan đã, anh là ai ? Anh ta không quay mặt lại chỉ trả lời : - Một người bạn cũ. ","Summary":" The Devil inside me – Ác quỷ trong tôi Chương 1 : Quá khứ Lịch sử, là những thứ đã xảy ra trong quá"},{"Movie":"Ghost Rider","Title":"Ghost Rider: Curse Revived","Author":"AreonAI","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11382469","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer : I do not own Ghost Rider or any characters from Marvel Chapter 1 ~Prolouge~ A long time ago, Johnny Blaze never allowed himself think about having his own family. It was too tantalizing-having a wife who loved him for who he was, and children he could teach and play with all day long without putting them at any risk whatsoever. But if he did, he would have to deal with not only keeping the Rider from them, but from keeping them from seeing him as the monster of a man he turned out to be. Yet, the idea itself was wonderful fantasy; a past truth that once seemed as a very real possibility. And, like all good things in his life, it was ripped away from him before he could even see it Or so he thought. oOo \"Careful now, sir. And…there you go.\" \"Thank you…thank you so much.\" \"Of course, and again, congratulations!\" \"Yea, um...can I still go in and see her?\" \"Yes, absolutely, but please keep in mind…it won't be long now.\" The nurse led him down the corridor and away from the waiting room, past the delivery ward, and into one of the rooms. She knocked lightly, then opened the door to stick her head in to whisper some words and listen to an inaudible answer. She then stood straight and looked at him with a sad smile as she opened the door for him. He ignored her completely as walked into the room, holding his precious cargo close to his chest, and locked eyes with his wife. She had countless machines surrounding her bed, somehow hooked up to her one way and another. She was laid on her back, her olive skin as pale and thin as the sheets that covered her…just and as beautiful as he remembered her. She gingerly rose a wired hand toward him. \"Johnny,\" she whispered. \"Come here.\" The forgotten nurse quietly shut the door as she left the room, leaving Johnny to silently walk towards the bed. He sat down on the chair next to her head, and let her cup his face with her hand. She stroked his cheek with her thumb and looked at her daughter. \"She looks exactly like you.\" She said amusingly. Johnny looked down at his daughter. She looked nothing like him, not In his eyes. Well, maybe except the chin, but she was an exact replica of her mother. She carried her mother's golden eyes and small, perked lips, as if she was about to send you a kiss. She even had her mother's wavy brown hair and button nose. He chuckled. \"Poor kid.\" He said anyways, earning himself a small slap on his knee. \"What are we going to name her?\" Johnny asked her. Her eyes widened in surprise. \"You mean you haven't named her yet?\" \"Of course not,\" he shifted nervously. \"I wanted you to.\" She gave him a watery smiled then turned her gaze to her sleepy daughter. She extended her arms as close to her spawn as she could. \"Let me hold her.\" She said. \"Careful now.\" He said as he gently placed his unnamed daughter in her mother's arms. The child whimpered as she was being moved from a warm place to another. She opened her eyes and turned toward her mother's face, staring as if she was memorizing her every detail. The baby cooed, and snuggled into her mother's chest, who hummed with happiness. She stroked her child's hair and looked at Johnny. \"I think…I think I want her name to be Jacque.\" She said. \"Sounds cool…but don't you think that name's a bit common? And a guys name, too?\" She smiled. \"No, your thinking of Jack, as in J-a-c-k. I want her to be named Jacque, as in J-a-c-q-u-e. You know…Jacque,\" She pronounced with a French accent. \"Short for Jacquelyn.\" \"I like it…All right, Jacque it is.\" Johnny smiled, a bit sad, but happy nonetheless. His wife opened her mouth to speak again, but began to cough violently instead of speak, miraculously not waking the now-sleeping child. It was over quick, but the nurse came back in to check on her and her vitals, and brought in a pitcher of water with two glasses, quickly leaving afterward. \"Don't scare me like that…\" Johnny told his wife nervously. She looked at him seriously. \"Don't worry, I won't do it again.\" Johnny swallowed hard as he gave the floor a hard stare. \"I'm sorry, I didn't mean-\" \"I know.\" Silence. \"Johnny, look at me.\" He did so. \"Come closer please.\" He kneeled down and put his face up to his family. \"Promise me you'll take care of her.\" Johnny caught his breath. \"Promise me you'll always be there with her, that you'll protect her-\" \"I can't.\" He cut her off harshly, and sighed. \"I can't.\" He said in a gentler tone. \"And you know why.\" He clutched the bedsheets of the hard mattress and stood up. \"No, I don't know why you can't. You are her father and you can't just leave her because you're…because of your condition.\" She responded. He nodded, and sat back down. \"I won't leave her…its just…what if I hurt her?\" \"You won't.\" He gripped the chair as he leaned forward. \"How can you be so sure?\" \"Because you're her father.\" She deadpanned. She began to stroke Jacque's soft hair. \"Remember, Johnny, she doesn't have to find out in a way she doesn't have to.\" Johnny nodded, and silently hugged his family as hard as he could without hurting either of them. He wanted to remember how it felt before he couldn't do it anymore. So...this is my very first attempt at writing fan fiction! Feel free to let me know what you think; I'll add the next chapter soon (I hope) (^/^)/ See you then! ~Chronic[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: Ghost Rider belongs to Marvel, Jacquelyn Blaze is the only character I own. Ch.2 How She Found Out \"Okay, Jacque, you wanna pay the man?\" \"Yes!\" A small fist reached up and grabbed a ten dollar bill from Johnny's gloved hand, pulling it out, then stretching out to place it on the table top. \"Thank you!\" The girl said loudly to the man. The man smiled as he took the now crumpled bill and ringed up Johnny's groceries. \"Okay…here's your change, ma'am.\" He gave the little girl a dollar bill and a couple of coins, then passed the bags to Johnny. \"Have a nice day!\" Johnny nodded to the cashier as he took the little girl's hand in his own and walked to the front of the store. He bent down in front of the girl and held out his hand in high five. \"You did great back there, kiddo!\" \"Really?\" \"Yea! C'mon, give me a high five.\" Her tiny hand slapped his gloved hand and he laughed, picking her up and taking the bags with his other hand. He set her down in front of a black motorcycle and opened the compartments he had to put away the bags. \"H-hey! What are you doing- let me go! That's mine!\" Johnny shut the compartment and turned his head, to see a woman being pushed around by two masked men close to his bike. One had her trapped in his arms, the other had taken her belongings and was rummaging through her purse, throwing her make-up and other personal items to the ground as he pocketed her cards and cash. Johnny cursed and bent down towards the little girl. \"Jacque, honey, why don't you run down to the store and get some cookies so we can share after dinner? Does that sound fun?\" Jacque nodded excitedly. \"Okay.\" Johnny reached into his pocket and pulled out a twenty. \"Get as many as you like, just make sure to grab me some mints, okay?\" Jack nodded and rushed back onto the store. Once he couldn't see her, Johnny locked the compartments and began to walk towards the men, who were now starting to harass the women. One of the men looked up at Johnny. \"Hey, why don't you get o-\" Johnny's fist stopped him mid sentence, making fly backwards and away from the woman. The man stood up angrily and touched his cheek as his partner held the woman against her car. He hissed as he touched it- it was burnt. \"What the hell, man?!\" Johnny was suddenly nose to nose with him, grabbing the collars of his shirt to keep him from running. \"You need to watch what you're doing kid, or I am going to make you wish you were never born.\" The man began to whimper as Johnny's eyes began to distort and disappear, leaving pitch black sockets behind. \"No? You ain't gonna move? Alright then… Take your punishment.\" The man began to scream, but quickly died as the man turned into ashes on the spot. Johnny quickly looked at the other man, who let go of the other woman, but had a angry look in his eye. Johnny was about to confront him, when he heard the store doors slide open and hearing cookie boxes tumbling as they were being bounced around. He looked at the man, memorizing his face, then blinked a bit, his eyes sliding back to normal. The man quickly ran as Jacque approached the bike and sat at the foot, waiting for Johnny to return. Johnny quickly helped the frightened woman pick up her things as she rapidly got in her car, driving away with a quick, but shaken \"Thanks!\" Johnny nodded and began to walk towards Jacque. \"Okay, kiddo…Let's go home.\" He gingerly picked her up, afraid that he was still heated form the brief encounter, but she just giggled as he placed on top of the seat. He quickly put away the boxes and sat on the bike. The engine suddenly roared to life, seeming bigger than usual. \"Woah…how did you do that, Daddy?\" Jacque said happily, not seeing her father use his key to turn it on. \"Um…Magic.\" He said, cursing under his breath as set her helmet on as well as his own. She opened his jacket and pressed herself against his torso, zipping herself in. \"You're really warm.\" She said happily, nuzzling his chest. He stiffened a bit, but relaxed as he saw getting drowsy. \"Sleep, kid. I'll put you to bed when we get home.\" Jacque nodded lazily and shut her eyes, curling up in his jacket to hide from any suspecting eyes that might tattle for seeing a child on a bike. Johnny backed the bike out of the spot, and began his drive home. Johnny was practically hyperventilating as he resisted his turning when they got to their secluded home in the desert, quickly dropping the bags in the kitchen and carried the sleeping Jacque up to her bed. He stumbled in the hall as started making his way down the stairs. \"D-dad?\" Jacque mumbled as she woke, hearing someone walk down the stairs. She heard her fathers bike rumbling down stairs. \"I think he's going somewhere…Im going to go say bye!\" She thought happily as she grabbed her bear and bounced out of bed, stepping out into the hall. Johnny had reached the porch and put into the front yard, nearly falling to his knees as he stifled his yells. He waved his suddenly flaming hands wildly, trying to put it out and stamping his feet, leaving flame prints down the porch. Jacque cautiously reached the bottom of the stairs and looked around, realizing that he must be outside, and began to make her way to the porch, just in time to see her father fall to his knees. \"Daddy?\" She whispered, then screaming as he was suddenly engulfed in flames. Johnny's knees hit the ground, the Rider finally able to take over in a wave of flames. Jackie began to whimper as the silluete that looked like her father stand up in the flames, everything completely silent apart from the flames- clack. The Rider twitched towards the sound. Jackie had dropped her bear in fright, one of the glass eyes hitting the wooden planks of the porch. The Rider began to turn towards her, but stopped, it's head suddenly being forcefully twitched back to the bike. The Rider then sighed, and gave Jackie a grin. He made his way to the bike and swung his leg over, the engine roaring louder than ever as flames erupted around it. In less than two seconds, he was out on the road and gone, leaving Jacque frozen where she stood. OoOoOo \"Hello, this is Oak Elementary.\" \"Yes, I wanted to know if Jacquelyn Blaze was in class today.\" \"Who is this?\" \"Johnathan Blaze, her father.\" \"No, she isn't…but shouldn't you know this? You're her guardian, right?\" \"…Um, thank you, bye!\" OoOoOoO \"JACQUE!\" Johnny slammed the door open and looked around. He ran around the first floor, looking in all of Jacques hiding spots, and running out into the backyard. He went back inside and looked upstairs. Her bedroom was empty, as well as the bathroom, leaving his room to check. He opened the door silently, and there, curled up as she nibbled a mint cookie, was Jacque. She looked up and saw Johnny, tears beginning to run down her face. Johnny's shoulder sagged with relief as he saw her, but sighed as he saw her tears. \"Jacque…\" He said, walking towards her. \"Don't touch me!\" She screamed as she gathered the blanket to her and scooted to the farthest side of the bed from Johnny without falling off. Johnny felt the air leave his body and his knees grow weak. \"Baby…I'm not going to hurt you…\" He said, his voice wavering as he gingerly reached to her. Jacque curled up as tightly as possible, her back and shoulder heaving as she sobbed. \"Yes, you are! You're gonna burn me cause you're made of fire!\" She cried. Johnny felt a lump in his throat. He knew this was gonna happen. He knew she would see him like that and it was going to push her away...but he wasn't going to let it happen. Not this time, and not with her. He pulled off his jacket and sat on the bed, teaching forwards and using the blanket to pull Jacque towards him. \"No! No, no, no…\" Jacque tried to squirm from his grasp, her cheeks shiny with tears as Johnny picked her up and pressed her ear above his heart. Jacque became limp as she heard his heart beat, and began to whimper,, wrapping her small arms around his torso. \"See, Jacque? I have a heart. Skeletons don't have hearts…but I do.\" He caressed her hair as he hugged her as tightly as possible without hurting her. \"And it beats for you, Jacquelyn.\" Jacque cried into her fathers chest, holding to the thought of it being her father, not the monster of fire and bones she saw the night before. After a while, Jacque sat up and looked at Johnny. \"If that wasn't you…them what was it?\" Johnny took a deep breath. \"It's a very long story...but I think it's time you should hear it.\" He stood up and picked her up.\"But let's go eat some food…I'll tell you then, okay?\" He said gently as she laid her head in his shoulder. \"Okay.\" OoOoOoO Eventually, Jacque understood the concept of the Ghost Rider, and began to help her father out at age five.. Even though she was relatively small for her age, Jonny began to teach her what to do if he turned while she was around, and how to defend herself from people bigger than her. They became a sort of team as Jacque grew, going over basics again and again, which allowed Johnny to continue his nightly routes, which he has t been able to do for a long time. Jacque would always leave out a a gallon of water at night for her father to quench his thirst when her returned at dawn, happy to see him look better than ever. So here's Chapter Two! I hope you guys like it...let me know if you want more Chapters! -Chronic[Chapter 3] Disclaimer: I do not own 'Ghost Rider', only own my OC, Jacquelyn Blaze Chapter 3 \"Dad, are you sure about this?\" \"Yes, I am. Now come on, the sun's about to set.\" \"All right…let me just grab the lemonade.\" I went to the fridge and grabbed a large jar of lemonade that my dad made the day before and two more cups, closing the door with my foot. I kicked the screen door open as I made my way to the porch, setting down the cups and jar on the small patio table we had set up outside. \"I grabbed some of the cookies you like…oh, and this is for you.\" My dad said, already seated at the table on the porch, and picked up a small, tightly wrapped box from behind his chair. He put it on the table with a big grin on his face. I rolled my eyes, still smiling as I sat down across from him. \"Dad, you know I don't like presents…\" \"Come on, Jacque, it's you're 18th! At least let me give you at least something… Besides, this is from your mom, too.\" I looked up at him. \"Really?\" He nodded. \"She told me to have it ready for you, if you ever moved on to make your own life, that is. Honestly, if it were up to me, you'd live here with me forever. And I know you haven't made a decision like that yet, but since you're eighteen now, you never know… Happy birthday, kid.\" I took the box in my hands and gently tore off the wrapper. It was a black velvet box, the kind people used to give rings in. I opened it, the box creaking with age, and gave a little sigh. A small, green, stone hung from a thin gold chain, resting on a small, white pillow. I turned the pendant; a small picture seemed to rest in the stone. \"Dad, is this you and Mom?\" Dad nodded with a smirk. \"She was really cheeky about it…something about 'not forgetting roots', or so…She was a bit obsessed with Lion King at the time.\" He said with a wink. \"Let's put it on you, huh?\" He stood up and made his way to me, gently grabbing the pendant and helping me put it on. \"And…there we go.\" He stood back as I pulled my hair out of the way. \"Looks nice…brings out your eyes, kid.\" I smiled. \"Thank you…\" He grinned as he sat back down, looking out at the street. I quietly took a cookie from the platter he brought bit a piece off. \"Hey Dad… Have you noticed that the Rider hasn't been coming around that much? I mean, he used to come out almost every night, but now…\" Originally, at sunset, My dad would be off on his bike, making sure to turn safe ways away from me, but now he was having occasional weeks with no sign of the Rider…not even flames noticed him anymore. My dad frowned as we thought about it. \"Yea… I noticed. But I think I might have a theory… You see, ever since I turned yesterday night-\" \"HEY!\" Dad and I turned. Two men were walking up our driveway…they were dressed as if in a gang of some sort. \"Hey! You Johnny Blaze?!\" One of the men took out a gun as more people began to appear. My dad turned and began to shove me towards the door. \"Jacque, get in the house, now.\" \"Wait! Dad, what's going on?!\" I stumbled into the screen door. \"Dad!\" He quickly opened the door and nearly threw me inside. \"No time to explain. I need you to go out the backyard and run as fast as you can, do you hear me?\" I blinked in confusion, but stayed where I was. \"W-what? Why would I need to do that?! The Rider can take these guys easy!\" Suddenly, a flaming bottle crashed though the kitchen window, exploding as it hit the floor. I screamed as flames erupted everywhere, lighting the house as if it was daytime. \"Jacque, don't you dare question me! Get out NOW!\" I gulped, then nodded, grabbing my dads leather jacket and gloves as I ran out the door. I went out into the backyard, watching as flames crawled up the walls and into the second floor. Suddenly, the sounds of shouting and screaming came from the front yard as a fire shot up into the night sky, chains and laughter echoing in the vicinity. I grinned as I heard it, the screaming dying out as some ran, some most likely dying. But just as soon as it all began, it stopped. It was silent except for the sound of flames... And footsteps. I ran into the burning building, just in time to see the Rider stumble into the bright kitchen in a fit of smoke. He fell to his knees, slowly turning back to my father as he fell face forward. \"Dad! Dad, you have to get up! We have to go! And why the hell did you turn back, we still need him! Dad!\" I managed to get him on his feet as he looked up at me, his face weak and empty of any fire he always had in his eyes. \"Jacque, I'm-\" BLAM! Dad stopped, his mouth gaping wide as he stared at me. \"D…Dad?\" I whispered. Suddenly, all of his weight fell into my arms, bringing me to my knees to keep him from hitting the ground. Blood was beginning to spill from his lips as my hands began to feel warm. I looked down… There was so much… blood staining his shirt, my hands, pouring out of his wound…? I slowly laid him down as my mind began to process what just happened. \"D-DAD! Dad! Oh my God, oh my God… SOMEONE HELP ME! SOMEBODY HELP ME, PLEASE!\" I quickly tore off his shirt… A gaping, exit wound from a bullet nearly destroyed my father's torso. I covered my mouth as I began to scream, sobbing as I looked around my collapsing home. I quickly looked back and shook him. \"Dad! Dad, please!\" I screamed as a burning plank fell next to me, the house finally caving in to its creaking weight. I grabbed my father's arms and began to drag him from the kitchen and out the back door, praying that Rider would heal him by the time we got out. I got him out a few hundred feet from the burning house, almost looking like a huge bonfire gone wrong. I began to check my father's wound…it hadn't changed a bit. He was still breathing, but at this point, I had no idea for how long he would stay like that. I began to scream as loud as I possibly could. \"SOMEBODY HELP ME! ANYONE, PLEASE!\" I yelled, sobbing as I tried to stop my dad's bleeding. \"Anyone?\" I quickly turned around at the sound of a voice. A dark haired man in a suit stood a bit away from me and my father, his both hands over a cane as he watched me intently. He looked to be fifty years old… But that didn't matter to me. \"Yes! Yes, please help me! My father, he's been shot, and I don't know what to do! Do you have a phone? Can you call nine-one-one?\" I asked with a shrilly voice, tears streaming down my face as I tried to keep pressure on my father's wound. He slowly approached me, his gaze dripping with sarcastic sadness. \"I'm afraid the medics won't be here in time to save him, dear…but if you like, I can help you.\" I looked up at him in dismay. \"I don't care what you do, just fix him!\" I shrieked, the orange glow of the flames giving the man a sinister look. He grinned. \"Very well…but to that, I need you to make a…sort of trade. Are you all right with that, my dear?\" I glared at him as I wiped my nose and eyes. \"Yes, I'm okay with it! Just tell me what you want so you can help him…please.\" The man nodded as he crouched down and stared at my father, a strange look in his eye as he stared at his face. \"How low have you gotten, Mr. Blaze…\" He muttered. He then stood up and motioned me to to do so as well. Once I did, he fixed his coat and grabbed his cane tightly. \"Our Johnny here has gotten too…old, hasn't he, Jacquelyn?\" I blinked. \"…How do you know my name? W-what do you mean?!\" He looked over at me with a smirk and reached for something in his coat. \"I…am looking for a younger, more flexible, more… reasonable…candidate for him.\" He pulled out a rolled up parchment. \"I'm looking for a new replacement for your father, Jacquelyn… He simply cannot keep up with the Rider anymore… But I think you can.\" I stayed silent; the sound of flames and falling wood was the only thing keeping me floored. \"…You're the Devil, aren't you?\" The man grinned. \"Take the Rider, Jacquelyn, and your father lives to see another day. Don't take him, and your father dies by your word.\" The parchment suddenly unraveled and appeared at my feet, a long line for signature decorating the bottom. A wavering breath escaped me. Me…as the Ghost Rider? I remember my father's turns, how painful they looked and sounded, how dangerous it was for him to be out and about at night… I shivered. \"Tick tock, Jacquelyn. He can't afford to stick around for you to decide.\" I looked at my father, then back up at the Devil. I nodded. He smiled as he motioned towards the paper on the ground. I quietly took a pocket knife I always carried in my pocket and hooked it under my fingers, slicing deep enough to let a couple of drops fall onto the parchment. I looked up at the Devil, tears burning my eyes as he suddenly laughed, his hand reaching up to my forehead and pushed me backwards, throwing me into darkness. (Dun dun dun…) Hi again! Thank you so much for your review (you know who you are ;D)! This chapter actually took me a while to make, but I'm gonna try squeezing in a chapter a week to keep it fresh. I hope you guys are enjoying the story! (Sorry for the cliffhanger…sort of) Feel free to Review! -Chronic[Chapter 4] Disclaimer: I do not own Ghost Rider. I own my OC, Jacquelyn Blaze Chapter 4 \"It'll be fine...\" OoOoO \"Dad!\" I sat up in bed, panting heavily as I looked around wildly. I blinked several times, brushing some hair from my face as I looked at my surroundings. I was in my bedroom… My perfectly clean and spotless bedroom. I shook my head as I tried to get out of bed and slipped on my sandals. I made my way to my small mirrored desk on the other side of my room and sat down, picking up my hairbrush. I frowned as I began to brush my hair, feeling something was off… I then squinted at my reflection. \"That's weird…Since when do my fingers have-\" I stopped my hairbrush mid-stroke and stared at my right hand. A long, angry scar spread along my fingers, becoming one when I joined them together. I suddenly stood up, upsetting my small chair. The house… the men… Dad… the man in the suit… I felt my face drain of color. \"DAD!\" I stood frozen as I heard footsteps rush up the stairs and my door burst open. \"Jacque? Jacque, what happened? What's wrong?\" He looked around and back towards me, seeming a little confused as to why I was yelling for no apparent reason. Tears began to well up in my eyes as I ran forward and hugged him as tight as possible. \"I-it's nothing… I just really missed you, you know?\" I stammered as my hand rested on his back…his perfectly, unharmed back. He hesitated a bit, then enveloped me in his arms. \"Yea, I guess… But we were hanging out together just last night, did you forget that?\" I let go and looked up at him. \"I, uh… My eighteenth, right?\" \"Yea, remember? We had lemonade and a couple of treats, I gave you moms present, then we talked for a bit, then you went to bed while I went out again. And guess what? I didn't feel like turning again! Isn't it great?\" I nodded absentmindedly. \"Yea…that's great… Well, I gotta change, Dad. Meet you down stairs in ten?\" I asked quickly as I began to push him towards the door. \"Hey, watch it! One minute your happy to see me, the next your kicking me out?\" He said with a chuckle as he began to make his way to the door. \"All right, I can take a hint. There's cookies from last night and milk in the fridge, in case you want any.\" He pecked my cheek and closed the door behind him as he left my room. I looked down at my scarred fingers and stifled a sob as I remembered the man's words. \"He can't keep up with the Rider anymore… But I believe you can, Jacquelyn.\" I silently fell to my knees as I realized what happened. That man… The Devil had stayed true to his word. He saved my father's life, and in exchange, I took on the Rider's job… I think. I gave a shaken sigh as I stood, clutching my fists, and went ahead and changed I to better clothes. If my dad ever found out what I did… I gulped. He can't find out. I have to make sure he won't. I finally slipped on my sneakers, then fixed my jeans and pulling the hem of my spaghetti strip shirt as I zipped up a leather jacket my dad gave me for Christmas last year. I did a quick shake to get rid of my nervousness, making my way to my door as I did. I looked to my bedside desk, my candle flickering cheerfully as I reached for the door handle. Suddenly, the tip of the flame began to lean towards me, slowly bringing the body of the flame to the side of the candle and towards me as well. My eyebrows furrowed as I licked my forefinger and thumb, then squeezing the life from the flame. I gave an annoyed sigh, seeing this as a foreshadow to my new future, and went ahead and head out my room. I trampled down the steps and into the kitchen. There were cookies, half a jug of milk… That was it. \"Well, he wasn't wrong.\" I mumbled as I sat down and began to eat a cookie. I reached for the milk and poured a glass, it's coolness feeling refreshing against my hand. I took a sip of it as I munched on my cookie, then another, and another. I eventually grabbed the bottle itself, subconsciously downing the bottle until my dad appeared. \"Hey, Jacque, I got some…\" We both froze as our eyes met, the bottle still ion my lips as I finished the last gulp. I put it down and wiped my mouth, giving him a half smile as he watched me with a confused look. \"I was, uh… hungry?\" I said with a shrug as I picked up my plate and threw the bottle in the trash, avoiding eye contact with him as I began to rinse my plate and wash it. \"…Sure thing, honey. Just leave some for me next time, Kay?\" I nodded as he walked over to me. I looked up at him as he patted my shoulder. \"I'm gonna head out, okay? I gotta go settle some things and pick up some milk, so I'll be back soon.\" I nodded as he leaned down and kissed my cheek. I smiled and waved as he head out the door. I stayed by the door as his bike gave the tale tell roar, watching as my dad sped out of the driveway. The image was suddenly replaced with a distant memory of the same bike disappearing from the yards, flames following it as I stood in a much larger version of the porch I know today. I blinked and shook my head, frowning that a thought I haven't recalled in years would appear now. I shrugged as I went and sat on the couch, flipping on the tv as I settled in, completating on what I would do to keep the Rider hidden from my father. I was surprised he hasn't noticed… He used to be good at sensing these things in other people, but if he isn't the rider anymore… Or is he? I groaned as I laid my head back against the couch, closing my eyes. I'll just ask him without raising suspicions when he gets back… I'm sure it'll be fine. Hey, everyone! First of all… I'm sorry for the short chapter! I promise to make it up in the next one! And sorry for not posting sooner; School is coming up and my free time has shrunken :/ Secondly… The reviews! Amy: Thank you so much! I sure will :) Bookwriter123456: No, I haven't, my schedule has just been eating up my free time :/ but I'll be typing whenever I can! (And for your second review:) GAH I wish I could answer all your questions, but no matter what I say, it will give clues to the incoming plot! Hopefully you'll stick around long enough to see what happens! ;) The Angel of Thursday: I'm so glad you do (I look forward to writing them!)! No, I don't feel discouraged at all, if anything, it makes me very happy to see a review at all! It's true that Ghost Rider isn't very popular, so I'm hoping this story will make up for anyone who's been looking for a sequel of some sort :) Thank you guys so much for reviewing, feel free to follow my story to get notifications/ emails for when I post a new chapter! Reviews are welcome! Until next time, Chronic[Chapter 5] I'm not dead! (^.^)/ Sorry for the late chapter! I will try to keep up next time, but I hope this chapter makes up for it... See you at the bottom! Disclaimer: I only own Jacquelyn Blaze. Chapter 5 \"Hey…don't stress it, everything is going to be fine.\" \"But what if I end up killing someone? Or worse, what if I go berserk and end up killing you, and-\" \"He's only going to do what you let him do, Jacque. Seriously, if you're just BSing this, you'll do worse then just killing people.\" I looked up at my dad as he gave me a grin. His gums were gone, revealing bone. I didn't notice it as I sat back in a small, black folding chair as I glanced at him again. \"So… when I turn, will he be a girl skeleton or stay as a guy skeleton?\" My dad gave me a nonchalant shrug as his hair slowly drifted off his scalp. \"He'll be whatever you feel like at the moment..\" I nodded as I leaned back in my armchair. \"That's good. That way, I could change into a guy so no one will suspect me.\" He shook his head as he leaned forward and rested his elbows on his knees. He looked at me, his eyes nearly gone as they rolled to the back of his sockets. \"I mean that he will change into what you literally feel like. If you're in control of the change, he will stay true to you're physical attributes. If not, and he's feeling more than a little freedom, he'll stick to the previous gender. And in our case, that'll be male.\" I blinked I leaned forward as well, looking into his empty eye sockets. \"How will I know when I need to change?\" He shook his head, skin fluttering off his bald head. \"You'll know. Just be sure to get to a safe place- generally, a place away from people- as soon as you can.\" His facial features were dripping off onto the floor, his skull making more of an appearance as his own chair shrank into a stool. I nodded again, my thick armchair feeling bigger as the room darkened. \"Okay… Um, Dad?\" The melting face nodded with a comforting smile. \"Will I forget everything when I turn?\" His sagging mouth frowned, over half of his skull on the surface. \"For the first few times, you might. But after a couple of times, you can consciously act and see, which will let you remember.\" Black paint began to sprout on his clothing, like blood spilling from a bullet wound as it began to cover his shirt and spill down to the pale bones of his arms. He stood from his seat on the ground as the bones of his hand offered me help up. I stood from my black, throne-like chair as I looked into the empty sockets that held my father's eyes. \"Any more questions?\" His jaw clicked his teeth together as he asked me, letting go of my hand. I shrugged. \"Not now, but I might-\" \"Good.\" Orange light suddenly blinded me as he burst into flames. I looked up, my mouth frozen in a scream as the Spirit of Vengeance lunged forward and grabbed my shoulders, pulling me into the darkness of his eyes. OoOo \"JACQUE!\" I screamed as I woke to someone grabbing me by the shoulders and violently shook me into the back of my couch. I looked up and saw Teddy, our old neighbor from down the street. I gulped in air as I tried to breathe, realizing that I wasn't in the dark room anymore, feeling relief wash through me. \"Calm down, kid, I'm not gonna gut you or anything. I was trying to wake you up, and you weren't responding, so I had to take drastic measures.\" He said with a worried look. I nodded as I my breathing slowly went back to normal. \"It's okay, I was just having a nightmare.\" I said as he chuckled. \"Yea, you were sweating like mad. You got a fever, Jacque?\" I shook my head as I ran my fingers through my hair. \"No… Just a bit warm.\" I shrugged as I stood. \"Thanks for checking on me, but though… And since you're here, is there anything you need?\" I asked, just realizing that Teddy had entered my home. My dad's bike wasn't back, so he wasn't here to chat with him. Maybe he needed to borrow some of his tools for fixing his truck again. \"I actually came as soon as I could, Jacquelyn. It's about your father.\" I stopped. \"What about him?\" Teddy looked at me, his eyes full of concern and pity. \"He was out on his usual drive, Jacque, and on his way back from the store. A green Ford crashed into him, completely head on. They're saying the driver was drunk and swerved into the opposite lane, right where your father was.\" He took a deep breath. I felt my face drain of color as my heart fell to my stomach. \"He's in the ICU, Jacque. I came to take you to go see him.\" The floor swerved under my feet as I walked backwards, trying to keep my balance. \"He's in the hospital?\" I whispered as I looked up at him. He silently took my wrist and nodded, gently pulling me towards the door. I took my hand from his and wordlessly went out the door myself, not bothering to lock the door. Teddy grabbed the keys from the house and locked it for me, then going ahead and letting me into his truck. I sat in the passenger seat as the truck started, still in shock of what I just heard. I mean, Dad's been on the hospital before, and he gets himself out by the next day, but the Rider hasn't been making appearances. For all we know, the Rider could have just disappeared on him. And I know that me being the Rider as well shouldn't make a difference. Dad explained to me that only two Riders can exist at one time, but that all I remember. I shut my eyes and leaned my head against the window as Teddy pulled out of the driveway and out onto the road towards the city. I just hope the Rider hasn't abandoned us again. OoOo \"And you are?\" \"Jacquelyn Blaze, his daughter.\" \"Okay… Well, you can go inside to see him, but visiting hours are over in half an hour.\" I nodded as the old nurse shut the book of patients and stood, beckoning for me to follow her. I looked over at Teddy with an apologizing look, but he shooed me away with a half smile. I mouthed a thank you to him and followed the nurse into the hall. She went down a corridor of white doors that seemed to go on forever, moans and machines softly sounding through the cracks of the door. I hugged my arms as we walked until we reached a door labeled 166. She knocked and opened the door, letting me in and shutting it behind me. I looked around the white room, ugly fluorescent lights blinding the walls with its yellowish light. I looked to the center of it and saw a big bed with machines hooked up one way or another. \"Dad?\" I whispered as I got close. I approached a bundle of blankets in the center and covered my mouth with my hand. Bandages wrapped around his head and jaw, a tube for eating stuck down his throat. His right arm was trapped in a white cast as blankets covered a wrapped torso. I didn't want to see his legs, so I gently covered the rest of them with a blanket. \"Hnng…\" I looked up as his eyes met mine. He smiled as much as his tube allowed him too and began to cough, the tube now hindering his breathing. I looked around wildly, looking for a way to help him. \"Ge cube! Pull ge cube!\" He tried to say as he began to gag. I quickly grabbed the tube and slowly began to pull. It looked as if it go on forever, but after a tassels, I got it out. He coughed one more time and sighed in relief. \"Ugh… That felt disgusting.\" He said with a weak voice. He scowled as he looked at the tube in my hands, then looked at me in relief. \"Jacque… How did you get here?\" He said, his voice sounding hoarse. I put the tube on the table and made my way next to the bed. \"Teddy brought me.\" He frowned. \"Oh.\" He said, looking put off. He tried to shift towards me, but groaned in pain as he did so. \"Dad, stop! You're gonna hurt yourself.\" He gave me a breathless laugh. \"And make myself more banged up than I already am?\" He winced as he began breathing on his own. \"Dad… What happened?\" I muttered as I sat on a chair by the bed. He shook his head… Or tried to. \"Freak accident, Jacque. They happen.\" \"But not to you!\" I said loudly. \"Jacque…stop.\" He coughed violently, bringing a napkin he had nearby to his lips. He looked at the inside of it and winced, folding it and patting his lips with it. He threw it in the trash and looked up at me. \"Jacque, I'm done being the Rider.\" My heart nearly stopped. \"What?! No, you can't be! You need him, and he needs you!\" My dad shut his eyes, his breathing labored. \"No, I don't, and no, he doesn't.\" He opened his eyes, but avoided my own. \"I don't feel him anymore.\" I felt my limbs go weak. \"… What are we going to do?\" I asked quietly, my hair falling over my eyes. His eyes fluttered, his face displaying fatigue. \"What everyone does when the plane starts to fall. Pray and hope for the best.\" He chuckled a bit at the last part, coughing a bit more as he looked at me before shutting his eyes. \"I love you, Jacquelyn.\" I gulped and blinked back tears. \"Love you too, Mr. Blaze.\" He smiled as his breathing fell, into a slow, easy pace. I stood up and kissed his forehead, then made my way out the door. I went into the hospital and down to the waiting room where Teddy waited. \"How is he?\" He asked as we both walked out of the ICU, waving to the nurse as we did so. I shrugged. \"He's pulling along.\" Teddy patted my shoulder and opened the exit door for me. \"Don't worry, Jacque. He'll be out and about before you know it.\" I gave him a half hearted smile. \"I sure hope so, Teddy.\" Hello again! ^.^ Again, I'm really sorry for not writing more, but I will hopefully get this fanfic rolling again! i hope everyone likes this chapter, and thank you to everyone who has reviewed! (They seriously make my day ^/^) Feel free to Follow and Reviews are most welcome! See you next time, Chronic[Chapter 6] Disclaimer: I only own Jacquelyn Walker and Teddy. (Sorry about the terrible spelling at the header... This is definetly Chapter 6!) \"Hey, Jacque.\" \"Hey Teddy… Any news on my dad?\" I asked, swiftly mixing the soft pancake mix in the bowl as I shifted the phone between my ear and shoulder. Teddy had promised to call me during breakfast the morning after we went to see Dad, and I was in the middle of making pancakes when the phone rang. \"None yet. But I called earlier, they said that visiting is off today, considering it's Sunday.\" \"Are you serious? How does keeping visitors away on Sunday make any sense? That's the day most people are actually free to go visit!\" I exclaimed angrily as I flicked some water at the heated pan, getting a sizzling sound that told me it was ready for the batter. \"I don't know… The nurse sounded kind of funny over the phone, but I think she was being called over or something. It would explain the poor sound…\" I scoffed as I poured enough batter for a pancake. It began to sizzle, making my ears go up a bit in alert. \"Won't keep me from seeing him.\" I muttered as I opened the fridge to pour myself a tall glass of hearty calcium. Right. Still no milk, since I drank it all. I shut the fridge door, trying to ignore Teddy's warnings and scoldings through the phone as I reached over to the pan and flicking it up, successfully flipping the pancake. \"Jacquelyn, you know exactly why you shouldn't go- It's illegal and stupid, and-\" \"Teddy, I have to go! It's my Dad out there, and he's not looking exactly 100%, you know?\" Teddy was silent for a bit. I took the silence to grab a plate from the cupboard and set up a small set for me on the table. \"Jacque, I understand what your saying. But it's not just the hospital you should think about, you know.\" I sighed as I put down a fork, then going back into the kitchen. \"I know.\" I slowly poured the rest of the batter into the pan and watched the batter begin to slowly bubble. \"If anything happens, it could affect your father, or maybe worse. Maybe you should lay low today, take a break, or go out for a walk.\" \"I don't know, Teddy… It doesn't feel right with him not being there.\" I tossed the quickly finished pancake into my plate with surprising ease, even though the plate was a couple feet from the stove and myself. \"Don't tell me you don't go out by yourself? Like, ever?\" I chuckled, turning off the stove. \"I go to the city here and then… Occasional errands, you know?\" I grabbed some syrup from the counter and sat down at my plate. \"Nope. That's it. You better be gone by noon, missy.\" \"What?\" \"You heard me! You're always stuck in that house, and it ain't good for anyone if you sit there and mope all day about Johnny!\" I leaned back in my chair, knowing he was right. \"…I guess so. I don't know. I'll let you know if I go anywhere as a heads up.\" \"Atta girl. Talk to you then.\" \"Bye, Teddy.\" I hung up the phone and put it down on the table. Me? Go outside by myself? I mean, I've done it before, but never in this condition…Maybe I should just stay home. Flick. My head suddenly jerked to the right. \"What the hell?!\" I exclaimed, rubbing the side of my head. \"Who threw-!\" I looked to the window in the living room, expecting to see some bratty kid and little wanna be gang with their fists full of pebbles and ready to aim again. But not only was the there no one at the window; it was locked shut. Just the way I left it last night. I frowned, and looked around me. No stone, no stray trash or anything that could've possibly hit me. \"Okay… Now I'm definitely going crazy.\" I shook my head and picked up the syrup, turning my attention to my pancakes. Now that I think about it, I finished making these pretty quickly... I bet they're underdone. I cut into the pancake, expecting to see uncooked batter seep out, but it was fine. I frowned deeper. \"Hmm…\" I shrugged and doused the pancakes in syrup, cutting up a piece. I munched on it, pretty satisfied with my fast handiwork. I nodded as I swallowed my bite. \"I'm a dope cook for cooking this good this fast… I should find more recipes and try them out today-\" Wack. My head lurched forward violently, nearly hitting the table. I snapped my head back up, swerving around in anger. \"What the hell?! Who did that?\" What makes you think staying inside is a good idea, Jacquelyn? \"W…What? Who is that?!\" I stood up, looking around my empty home. I think you know exactly who I am. I growled at the empty space, not fully realizing that I sounded like a cornered animal. Don't you think it'd be best to leave the house today, Jacque? Go outside, maybe? The sudden image of my father's motorcycle appeared in my mind, the pull of it almost irresistible. My head began to swirl, my feet dancing across the floor as I fought to keep my balance. \"No… I..it's still daylight! What-\" Thud. oOoOo \"Hello, Johnny.\" Beep. Beep. Beep. \"You look comfortable in that bed…to say the least. I assume you know why I'm here?\" Beep. Beep. Beep. \"Good. Then I won't bother to beat around the bush. You are no longer able to keep the Rider alive and thriving, Mr. Blaze, so I came to take what belongs to me. So if you don't mind…\" Johnny looked up to see Mephistopheles approach him and a hover his hand over his chest. \"Oh… And before I do take your tattered soul,, I thought you would like to know who the Rider took host of, now that he has been moved to new human.\" Johnny's eyes hardened, wishing he could speak and tell him that he didn't want to know. He didn't want to know who took his burden, who was affected by his death and had their soul branded by the Devil. But his tube to eat had been put back into place, clogging his throat and words. \"Don't worry, it's someone you know.\" Mephistopheles smirked at Johnny's struggle to not show worry or anger, but the fury was obvious in his eyes. He leaned forward, his hand drifting up Jonny's chest again, stopping over his heart. \"… Does the name Jacquelyn Blaze ring any bells?\" He whispered in Jonny's ear. Johnny's face suddenly became white as the sheets he was in. Jacquelyn Blaze? His own daughter, his own flesh and blood as the Rider? Johnny's eyes wildly scouted the room, trying to piece it together. His eyes snapped back up to the Devil in realization. Memories of two days ago, before Jacque called him to the room in panic, and why she downed a gallon in the morning… It all flooded back to him. He remembered the fire, turning forms, and seeing Jacque again… And Mephistopheles approaching Jacque. That bastard used the same tactic on her that made me agree to his stupid deal. Johnny growled in anger, beginning to thrash in his bed. He pulled and pulled at his dead arms, trying to get his hands on the Devil, but getting nothing but uncomfortable wires and tubes being rustled around him. \"Oh no… I've upset the deadman.\" Mephistopheles snickered, beginning to slowly close his hand over Johnny's chest. Johnny's eyes bulged in pain, forced gasping able to be heard from the tube. Johnny's machine began to beep loudly, flashing a bright red light as his body began to convulse. Jonny took a look at Mephistopheles, seemingly drifting between consciousness and sleep, but his eyes filled with rage and determination. \"Oh, don't worry, Johnny dear. You can die peacefully knowing that I'll watch over her personally.\" Johnny squeezed his his eyes, refusing to have his final sight be his enemy's grin and pictured his wife and his grown daughter together, laughing and having a wonderful time together, the way he always dreamed of. I did my best, love. Now it's up to you to look after her. The Devil's closed fist lingering over his heart, patiently waiting as Johnny's chest sank, his breath leaving his lungs as a loud beep began to ring from the machine that monitored his heart. Mephistopheles grinned, hearing nurses running down the hall to the room. \"See you in hell, Johnny.\" Hello, everyone! Oh my gosh, I am so sorry for just leaving you guys like that! Schoolwork was dragging my ass all over the floor, so I thought I'd make it up to you with this extra juicy chapter :3 I hope you guys enjoy, and feel more than free to review, like, and follow! PS: Also, feel free to tell me when you need the next chapter, I will do everything I'm my power to keep you guys from waiting! (Though, considering I tend to lag for weeks on end, I will still do my best to do better! ^-^) See you next time! Chronic[Chapter 7] Disclaimer: I do not own any Marvel Characters that appear in this story Chapter 7 I felt myself sloppily walk out the front door, no longer able to control my legs. My insides grew from hot to boiling, my skull pounding with the sounds of static as sweat began to collect on my skin. Voices and laughter began to ring through my ears as I grabbed the railing of my porch. \"G...Eh...\" My body shuttered as I fought with the fever that I seemed to have. I took a step forward, attempting to step on the ground, but my shoe somehow slipped on the sand. I felt body slid back, almost in slow motion, and earned myself three soon-to-be bruises on my neck, back, and tail bone as I hit the steps of the porch. I felt my eyes roll up as they attempted to focus on the bleeding sky. \"No...\" I looked around, beginning to comprehend that I was outside when another wave of heat passed over me. Geez, if this is what menopause is gonna be like...! I suddenly rolled over and stood up, my eyelids twitching. I felt giggles worm their way out of my throat, my legs moving slowly as i began to walk, then run out of the drive towards town. I couldn't really make a solid thought while I ran, but I had one clear image in my mind... An auto shop Well, that and the fact that my feet were on fire. I really didn't know which was more alarming, considering that the shop I was heading for was down in a bad part of town, and having flaming feet is never a good sign. I don't know how long it took my to get there, but it was long after dusk as I approached the entrance. I was beginning to win the struggle against my consciousness and was able to piece together bits and pieces; even my feet were back to normal... I knew this was a wild accusation, but the way my mind was reacting to my situation reminded me highly of when my father attempted to keep sane in his turns. I hugged myself tightly as I stared at the entrance of the shop, my fingers closing over leather. I glanced down at myself, observing how my old leather jacket seemed to tighten around me. Did I pick this up when I left the house? \"Hey you! What are you doin' here?\" I looked around, beginning to shake as I met eyes with a man coming towards me. \"This place is closed, lady; If I was you, I'd get the hell out of here.\" \"I-I just need to grab something - It's in your workshop, I just need to get it out, please...\" I began to beg. But...begging felt wrong. Why should I have to beg to this stupid mortal? Why should I have to beg about anything? He has what's mine, and he has no right to stop me from getting it! The man began to tap his feet, looking me up and down as he did so. A small ball of anger began to build in my stomache. \"Listen here, princess. Why don't I take you round back so we can have a little chat about what you really need, huh?\" He said, taking a step towards me with a sly grin on his face. My body began to shake with rage, itching to reach forward and throttle him. My headache began to double by the second, nearly sending me toppling to the ground. \"Hey...You okay? Want me to take inside for a drink?\" He said, his voice dripping in fake sweetness. He began to reach out to me. My hand lashed out, grabbing his wrist just before his hand met my shoulder. \"Don't you fucking dare.\" His eyes widened as he saw my own, then began to stutter, trying to get his hand out of my grip. \"L-Let go of me! Your fucking hurting me!\" He began to yell. I stood, the ground surrounding us beginning smoke as I tightened my grip on him. \"It BURNS! GAHHH! PLEASE STOP! I'LL LEAVE YOU ALONE, I'LL OPEN THE SHOP FOR YOU, JUST LET ME GO!\" He began to scream as smoke drifted from his wrist. \"You should have thought of that before trying to take advantage of me.\" I said coldly as I forced him to look at me, tears streaming down his cheeks. \"Go to hell.\" He screamed as his body went up in flames, and fell into a pile of dust at my boots. I cracked my neck as I turned to the garage door. I looked up to the window, and the last thing I saw before I blacked out was the reflection of a flaming skull staring back at me. Hi everyone! Holy frick, I had no idea the hiatus would take that long! But I'm back :D! I really hope you guys like this chapter, I actually wrote this one in a rush, considering I have to start two projects in a bit, but it's the best I can do for such a wee chapter . I'm not entirely sure when I'll be writing another chapter again, but like I've said before – this story far from over. Remember to favorite and review ! See you around! Chronic[Chapter 8] I don't remember what happened after. I don't remember how I woke up on a road. I don't even remember leaving my house anymore. But I remember hearing it on the motorcycle's radio when I woke. \"…We just received an update on our latest story, concerning not 3, but 5 men found dead in after a robbery in local auto shop! Here's the story so far. \"An employee from Burt's Auto Body Shop had clocked in early this morning not only found multitudes of missing parts and a vehicle gone, but also three men severely mutilated and burned. We just recently received news that two more unidentified people were found, but they completely incinerated inside the shop. Police say that it seemed to have happened around the same time as the other three young men were killed. Surprisingly, this isn't the first time this town has seen incinerations like this. And while there are still no prime suspects, there are reasons to believe that the victims are linked.\" … This just in: it has been revealed that the victims were in fact wanted members of a local gang, name to be remained anonymous. More info on the clock.\" I know it was me. Everything, the burning, the mutilation, all of it. After all, I woke up draped across the stolen merchandise, which was now completely fixed. It took a while to get used to the fact that this was my first. My first turning, my first ride, and, technically, my first kills. But I remember distinctly that I couldn't care less about it. Because somehow, I knew that my father had died in the hospital overnight. Welcome back, everyone! I realize it has been years ages since I last updated, but my inspiration decided to kick in two years a bit too late XD A hell of a lot of thugs have happened since I last updated, so lets just say I had a.. vacation :D Anyway, I decided to leave you this tiny chapter as proof that I haven't forgotten you guys nor the story and the story still has a lot to cover. Millions of apologies, guys, but I hope theses next few chapters will makeup for it ;) Until next time, Chronic[Chapter 9] Hey everyone! This isn't an update exactly~ its more of a \"I'm moving!\" kind of deal. Not literally~ I mean I'm moving platforms! I haven't updated for the longest amount of time, but I got my muse back~ and a new app that seems to do mobile writers a bit of justice. It's Wattpad! I'm going to be shifting the entire Ghost Rider: Curse Revived story over to this platform, and given its amazing perks, I'll be able to update on the go (which was, to be honest, my biggest hindrance in writing this story). The username to the account I just made is ScamanderN, but it's awfully new, so expect it to be empty. I'll be moving things over pretty soon, so if you'd like to see the rest of Jacque's story (and in much better writing), follow me on Wattpad! To anyone who actually remembers this story, follows it, has reviewed, or even made it this far in my little schpeel, you are fantastic and I am ever grateful for you :) Thanks for sticking around for this long guys...and a million apologizes for taking so long on getting back here. -Chronic[Chapter 10] Hey everyone- long time, no see! So, I decided to make this last post for you all to let you know of my actual plans have been for this and any future pieces. I know in the past I kept giving empty promises, so here's what I'll say now: Alright guys, I'll come clean. I essentially dropped the story because I felt like my writing took the story to a point where I didn't know what to do with it anymore. Yea, I had plans and ideas for the plot, but nothing to actually link them together- it was a standstill. I have, however, in the midst of midterms this year, decided to get back into writing. It turns out I really missed it- it's what's been keeping me tethered down to it all, as melancholy as that sounds. Keep in mind, I literally just started again, so I don't have much to show for it- I'm using my new work to practice again. But having the gears out back in counts for something, so if you're looking for more content, it might just be one-shots or on-going one-shots with no planning. I won't say anything on this story as of now, since I know it's all been empty promises up till now, but just know I haven't forgotten about it or any of you. For now, this accounts gonna be nulled- I'm not going to be posting here anymore.I'm starting to post more on archiveofourown, so if you'd like to see what I leave on there, then by all means! It's under my new name on here, AreonAI. I know I should say more, but I'm a sleepy human and will send this with all the conscious effort and love I can muster. Thanks for everything, guys. You influenced me in the best ways. I'll see you all around. A ","Summary":" Disclaimer : I do not own Ghost Rider or any characters from Marvel Chapter 1 ~Prolouge~ A long tim"},{"Movie":"Ghost Rider","Title":"My Faith","Author":"Sugahsands","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7484119","Passage":"[Chapter 1] My first Long story. My very own! Well, i don't own ghost rider(of course) but my very own none the less. Read and enjoy. Takes part few months after the end of the movie... R&R...; Crunch. Crunch. Crunch. Crunch. The sound of every footfall echoed through the empty remains of the old church. Crunch. Crunch. Crunch. Crunch. \"Maybe this wasn't such a good idea.\" Angel thought. But it was too late to turn back. She looked around. \"You know you could have chosen another place for your project.\" The wireless in her ear buzzed. \"There is no other place like San Venganza. As the legend goes...\" \"I know, I know how the legend goes, alright? Just take what you want and leave. I don't have a good feeling about it.\" Angel smiled through her discomfort. According to the legend, there should be thousands of damned souls here. But she couldn't find even a ghost dog. Not just that there wasn't the same suffocating, compressed feeling which was the first sign that the place was haunted. But when she approached the church she felt what she was looking for. But it wasn't the same. It wasn't telling her to go away, but it was beaconing her to come closer. The church must have once been a marvelous structure in its time. Rows of chairs were still present and so was the alter. Only some places showed the signs of...of a brawl. 'Oh please no.' Angel thought. She had not come all this way looking for a poltergeist. She started examining the place. She sat down on an old bench hoping for a rattle or shriek. Nothing. She looked at the bench. She stood up and examined the sides of the bench. She suddenly found something...something unusual. A Bullet. And it was not old. Only a few months maybe. That is odd. No one has ever set a foot on San Venganza. For study and research work maybe but a guy with a gun makes no sense. There was nothing here. She looked around. The sun had gone down completely and the night had wrapped her shawl over the surrounding. Angel took her camera and flashlight out and started clicking some pictures. Something groaned in a corner. Angel froze. Ghosts aren't the only thing that are found in abandoned places like this. Well at least this won't be the first time she had to come face to face with a crook. \"I guess that explains the bullet.\" Angel thought. She turned and noticed a shadow in the far dark corner of the church. The moon had risen and some rays of light still peaking though the disintegrated roof. In the dim light she could see something hiding...no...lying in the shadow. \"Excuse me?\" She asked foolishly. \"Wait, what? Who are you talking to?\" The wireless buzzed. \"Hello?\" She walked closer to the shadow. \"Angi, just take the pic and get out of there.\" The sound of the wireless tensed. \"Angel just get the fuck out of the goddamn place, please for god's sake.\" The shadow moved as if trying to get up. Angel stopped on her track. Absentmindedly she pulled out the earpiece and stuffed it into her pocket. She felt a chill of air hit her face. \"Who are you?\" Angel asked the shadow, clutching a cross tightly in her right hand. The shadow's head snapped. She felt the evil air around her. She staggered back. She felt more evil aura than she ever imagined. She clutched the cross more tightly which dug into the palm of her hand. Blood trickled from the closed fist. The shadow extended a hand to her as if asking for her help. She took a deep breath and walked towards the shadow with measured steps. Shivers went down her spine when she was near the darkness. Taking a deep breath she reached out for the shadow. Something like ice grabbed her hand and a instant pain seared through her body draining her of her life source. She screamed out into the night. But the pain soon vanished. She crashed onto the floor. Through foggy eyes she saw a figure standing in front of her. The figure of a man. He extended his arm again, but this time to grab her throat. He pulled her up from her lateral position, on to the feet and the perched her on the wall, her feet hanging in mid air. She started to cough and gulp desperately for air. He looked into her eyes. Angel felt as if she would fall into those sinister dark holes and never come back. She grabbed his hand and tried to pull the hand away from her throat. After a few moments he let her down and let go of her throat. \"I can smell your fear.\" he said, he voice strangely seductive and smooth. She was bereft of words for her attacker. He looked human, made of flesh and blood but he had the most powerful demonic aura emitting from him. \"Why are you here?\" He asked further. \"I...\" She opened her mouth to say something, to explain but she couldn't find the words, the voice. She coughed and clutched her throat. The man stood really close to her making her very vulnerable. Even if he wasn't a creature from the other side he could easily kill her. But she didn't have the strength to run. He looked done on her with a curious look. His hand reached out to her and this time she backed away on instinct and bumped into the wall behind her. He stopped and withdrew his hand. He took a step back. The full moon shine fell on his face. He was unusually handsome, with jet black hair and pale skin, he looked like angel from heaven rather than a netherworld dweller. She heard, thanks to every good spirit, voices of her companion outside. She wanted to scream out to them but she looked at the man. He looked towards the door and started to back away. \"Go\" He said, before completely merging into the darkness. \"Angel!\" Monica and Harvey burst through the door. Angel still looked to where the man had vanished, balancing herself on the edge of the wall. \"That's enough wild goose chase for now.\" Harvey said in a stern voice. He picked her up and headed for the van. Through the darkness Black heart saw a van drive away with a curious look in his eyes. Angel sat in the back of the van wrapped in a blanket. She felt cold, really cold, as if she had just come out of a deep freezer. Harvey drove fast. Monica sat beside her. \"Why did you do it?\" Monica asked. \"What?\" Angel looked up absent minded. \"Why did you take of the headset?\" \"Oh just so that i can concentrate.\" \"On what?\" Angel didn't answer. \"Who were you talking to?\" Monica asked again. \"Just a guy...\" \"What guy?\" Monica asked, shocked. \"He was lying on the floor on the church. He was there when you guys came in.\" \"Angel... We didn't see anyone...\" Monica said grimly placing a hand on her shoulder. \"You were standing alone...\" Angel closed her eyes. She was right. He wasn't human. He couldn't be. \"Well at least this wasn't be the first time.\" \"Angel...\" Monica said grimly, \"You will get yourself killed someday. You shouldn't mess around with things as such. This is something over which we humans have no control.\" She handed her a cup of hot coco. Angel took the cup. It was then she realized how cold she was. The cup felt blazing hot in her palms. She touched Monica's hand. Monica flinched. \"You're so cold!\" She said with concern. Angel didn't say anything. She felt as if she had been drained of all the energy, including her body heat. She sipped the coco and wrapped the blanket tighter around herself. Monica leaned back beside her and wrapped a hand around Angel to keep her warm. Angel placed her head on her shoulder. \"Thanks.\" She said. \"You know i think...\" \"Shhh... Try to get some rest.\" Monica said. \"We will talk about it later.\" \"Hey Harve... When are we leaving for New York?\" Angel asked. \" Few days from now.\" He answered, his eyes firmly on the road. \"And how long till we reach colorado?\" \"Few hours.\" \"Good.\" Angel said and curled up in the back seat. \"The faster the better. I am gonna need some answers.\" Please don't tell me i suck. But i am looking for critiques... New chapter coming up soon... -Sugar :-)[Chapter 2] There you go... Chapter 2... Hope you like it... Tell me if its getting to romantic. I don't want it to be a strawberry love story... Angel walked into her apartment, dazed. Through the entire journey she had intense feeling that someone was watching her. She dropped her bag and walked into the bathroom. She looked at herself in to mirror. The marks of the assailant's hand was still present. Yes. It was no dream. She changed absentmindedly and came out. She collapsed on the coach and thought about the incident. \"Harvey's gone to the lab to return the equipments.\" Monica said walking into the room. \"Angel?\" She called her getting no reply from her. Angel snapped back to senses. \"Huh? What?\" \"Everything ok?\" Monica said, sitting beside her. \"I don't know.\" Angel replied looking confused. \"What is it?\" Monica asked, sitting beside her. \"I can't forget it.\" Angel said. \"San venganza?\" \"Yeah... I think it's something more than we think it is.\" \"What's on your mind Angel?\" \"I am not sure...\" \"Wanna talk about it?\" Monica said. Angel lay down with her head on Monica's lap. \"Don't you think that you are worrying too much? I mean the high demon stuff...\" \"You think i am lying?\" Angel asked. \"No no of course not. But what make you think that he is a high demon?\" Monica asked a little worried herself. \"I don' know...\" Angel stared into the void beyond her window. \"His aura i guess. It was so... so...\" \"Creepy?\" Monica suggested. \"Powerful...\" Angel said. \"I think it was tramp. He surely scurried off hearing our voice\" \"Monica, when he touched me i felt as if my skin was being burned by ice.\" Angel said. \"Burned by ice?\" Monica looked puzzled. \"Exactly. How can you explain that?\" \"I can't, i guess.\" \"Plus he had an air of demonic command around him. Even if my eyes trick me the sensation can't. And trust me, i have never felt so powerful evil energy ever in my life.\" \"It's ok. We are in Denver now so no worries. Forget it and try to get some sleep. Want me to stay with you?\" \"No i am good.\" \"Alright then, goodnight.\" Monica said getting up and placed a kiss in her head. \"Goodnight.\" Angel responded and curled up in the sofa, to tired to walk to her bedroom. She closed her eyes and feared that the thought of that man would haunt him. And it did. The face of the man started surfacing from her memory. She shook her head and imagined sheep jumping over a fence. Gradually sleep drifted in. Angel woke up with a jolt. Her neighbor's dog was barking loud. \"Curse that hound.\" She said. She sat up on the sofa rubbing her head. The nerves on the back of her head throbbed. She groaned and looked around the room. The night lights were on giving the room a smooth matt finish. She shivered slightly as the night winds drifted into the room. Angel looked at the balcony. The shutter was open and the with curtains were flowing in the air. Angel felt goosebumps rising in her skin. She stood up and walked to the balcony. She moved an eye over the calm night panorama and closed the door and turned. Immediately she was pushed the wall behind her by two powerful arms, a hand over her mouth muffled her scream. Angel's eyes widened and the brain blacked out. The man from San Venganza was here. He followed her to her place to finish the unfinished business. Tears of fear rolled down her eyes. The hand over her mouth moved. \"I won't hurt you.\" The man said. \"Please don't be afraid.\" His crystal clear voice rang in her ears. Angel looked at him questioningly. \"Please excuse my intrusion.\" He said taking a step back letting her go. Angel's head screamed at her to run. But her legs could not obey the instruction. The man, sensing her fear took her hand a guided her to her room, to her bed. Angel sat down on the edge, her eyes firmly on the man. But something told her tha she was safe. The man sat down beside her. He placed a hand on her shoulder and pushed her softly to the bed. Angel obeyed. She felt him pull the blanket over her. He looked at her intently and curiously. Angel slowly extended her hand to touch his face. He looked at the hand and took it in hand and placed it back on the bed. Angel felt as if she had plunged her hand into a bucket of ice cold water. \"Sleep.\" He said. He got up to leave but Angel grabbed his arm and kept him to his place. \"Are you... are you..?\" Angel stuttered. \"A demon?\" He asked. Angel nodded. \" The worst of it's kind.\" He said. He took Angel's hand. \" Don't worry, I won't hurt you.\" He added. They looked into each other's eyes. \"I have to leave.\" He said, few minutes later, but his eyes spoke otherwise. It seemed as if he was tearing himself away from her. He took heavy steps towards the door and turned to look at her. Angel felt a little relaxed and a little more confident, a little more desperate. \"Will you be back?\" she asked, sincerity evident on her voice. \"You want me to come back?\" He asked, a hint of surprise in his voice. No one has ever said that to her. Not even demons. What made this human say such serene words to him? he wondered. \"Yes. I do.\" Angel said earnestly. He fidgeted in his place unable to give an answer. His head screamed at him to kill her, his heart cried to say yes, his limbs ached to hold her, his feelings bubbling at the pit of his stomach. He looked at her for a while and turned to leave. \"Wait.\" Angel said. He turned. \"What should i call you?\" She asked. Blackheart was taken aback again. No one ever wanted to know his name just for the sake of it. Ever. \"What is your name?\" Angel repeated again. \"I am black heart.\" He said. It wasn't just his name. It was who he was. A black heart. A vessel full of sins. But this creature seemed to ignore all of it. He smiled at Angel one last time and became the air. Black heart walked through a dark alley. The only source of light was distant street lamp. \"Why?\" The question raged through his mind. He clutched his head. \"I was here to kill her. Why couldn't i do it?\" He shook his head vigorously. He thought about going back kill her, finish her off for good. But her memories made him feel want to protect her, hide her from the entire world and keep her safe in his arms. Why was he so nice, so close to her?He closed his eyes. \"Angel...\" the name unconsciously passed through his lips. REVIEW WANTED... CAN'T WAIT... - Sugar :-)[Chapter 3] There you go... Chapter 3... I hope you like it... It's my first long story so i am trying hard to make it good... but what can i say... i am a beginner...Anyways i hope you will like the story...chop chop... Warm water slipped down her ivory white skin and now Angel felt a little relaxed. But she still felt dazed. She shook her head. Her hair locks sprinkled water all over the bathroom mirror. But she couldn't get the memory of last out of her head. She again shook head again. She made a mental speech that it was all a dream and not to tell Monica about it. \"It was just a dream.\" She said out loud. \"What dream?\" Monica's voice drifted from the other side of the door. 'Goddamn! There goes nothing.' Angel thought. \"Nothing, nothing. Just a spook.\" She said. \"A nightmare?\" Tenseness was clear in her voice. \"I don't know. Maybe...\" \"What do you mean, 'maybe'?\" \"Well, it seemed real but I think it's a dream.\" \"Oh no. First you had that encounter and now this! What happened?\" \"Let me get out of the shower first.\" Angel sighed. Angel came out of her room drying her hair with a towel. \"Now tell me what happened?\" Monica asked. Angel obliged and explained. \"I think it was a dream.\" Angel said. \"I don't think so.\" Monica said grimly. \"What do you mean?\" Angel asked. Monica put a hand on her shoulder and gave her a tensed expression. \"What?\" Angel asked, creeped out. \"Angel you are being stalked by an incubus.\" \"What?\" Angel said, thoroughly disappointed. He believed in demons but incubus was a little to much. \"No Monica, i think incubus it too far fetched. And besides i think...\" \"It has to be an incubus Angel. Can't you see it is trying to seduce you? You know better than me what incubi can do. You better get an exorcism done.\" \"Jeez, Monica i am not possessed!\" \"You will be if you don't do something about it quick.\" \"Look i don't...\" \"I am calling Father Dyer...\" Monica said. \"And i am heading out.\" Angel announced. \"Don't go alone.\" \"It's 11 in the morning for goodness sake.\" Angel retorted. \"Hi there Chica! Everything alright?\" Kofi asked from the counter. Angel smiled on seeing Kofi. Kofi was like an escape from the raging city. On her first week in Denver, the small town girl was suffocated to death in the raging city life. It is then she discovered, during a solitary walk from the book shop, this quite coffee shop and a fun friend who owned it. Kofi was not just barista but a self made paranormal expert. So soon enough the coffee counter became Angel's study table. \"Everything smoothie o daddy o.\" Angel replied in her usual way. \"That's my girl.\" Kofi said, as she sat on a tool in front of the counter. \"So anything special today?\" \"Nah. Everything as usual.\" She said putting down her bag. Kofi looked at the bag and scowled. \"Don't tell me you have another assignment.\" \"I can't... 'cause i do.\" \"Oh not that godforsaken anti-religious shit again.\" Kofi made a gagging face. \"Shoo...\" Angel said. Kofi laughed at that and went to the Coffee machine. \"The usual, Chica?\" \"Yes please.\" Angel said taking out a book from her bag and opening it. She felt relaxed a bit in the exotic aroma of coffee that hung in the air. The shop was nearly empty, except for a few tables. \"So what is the great Dr doofenstien looking for this time?\" Kofi asked. \"I am not really sure.\" Angel said. \"Well isn't that unusual.\" Kofi teased. Angel looked at him and stuck her tongue out. \"Don't make such a face. You scare me.\" Kofi teased her again. Angel laughed this time. \"So what gas bag are you hunting now?\" Kofi asked. \"I am not sure its an ectoplasm type ghost Kofi.\" She said. Kofi placed a steaming cup of Loco Coco on the table and sat beside her. \"Well tell me something about it, i think i can help.\" Angel considered it for a while. She would have to cut of a lot of stuff before telling Kofi so that he doesn't doubt her sanity. \"Well i am working on San Venganza. So legend has it...\" \"Skip it. I know the legend. What about it?\" \"Well i am searching about Blackheart.\" Kofi's expression changed. Grim painted his face. \"Zee blackheart?\" He asked, his voice concerned. \"Yes i think so...\" Angel said nervously. \"Where did you get that name?\" Kofi asked. \"In the legend.\" She lied. Kofi's piercing eyes studied Angel intently. Finally he sighed and looked at the counter slab. \"Well?\" Angel asked. Kofi looked at her. \"He is a demon. The son of the Satan. He is a very powerful demon. No one surpasses his power, except the Satan of course. Very hard to summon and very dangerous to have terms with. His one touch enough to kill you.\" Angel shivered. She had felt his touch last night. But by gods grace she was still very much alive. She looked up to meet Kofi concerned look. \"What is it Angel?\" Kofi asked. \"You look afraid.\" \"Well these stuff do give you the creeps, don't they?\" Angel said. Kofi still looked unconvinced. \"Anyways, just tell me one thing. What happens if he stalks someone? That should be enough for my project.\" Angel said, trying to sound professional. \"He ends up dead. Or worse...\" Kofi said. Angel didn't even want to know what could be worse. \"If Blackheart sets his eyes on someone his should start counting his days. Better give this one up Angel. It's too dangerous. Too much tampering in this matter can be fatal.\" The bell on the top of the door jingled as more customers entered. \"Be careful Angel.\" Kofi said grimly and went off to attend the customers. Angel sat there paralyzed. 'No.' She thought. 'Isn't this what you wanted? To be stalked by an entity. It would be the ultimate experience. I will get to the bottom of this. I am not afraid of you. Demon or not, I will find out who you are and what you want. You will tell me. Tonight everything will be settled. Once and for all.' Under her breath she said a prayer. The cross that rested or her chest felt ice cold. She opened her eyes and stared at the coffee. She had lost her appetite. Thanks a lot to InkJet7 and Digimon emperor x for your reviews... It means a lot to me... you guys rock... -Suger :-D[Chapter 4] There you go! After all those wonderful and encouraging reviews I just had to step down from the gallows. You see Exam was holding a colossal size Excaliber on my neck. \"Any last wishes?\" He asked. \"Can I check my fanficion account plz?\"I said \"Alright.\" He replied. I checked and i was like how my goodness. I turned to him and said,\"Can we do this gallows thing later, I just have to upload new charter.\" \"Alright, I gotta go to. Bathroom.\" So here I am and here is my new chapter... But before that, I want to thank Digimon Emperor X, InkJetUnlimited42, LokiLover, ., InAMoment, milerz the narwall, GothikFaery94 and teamxtrek for all those lovely reviews. And thankyou all reading my story and for all the hits. Alright, on with the story. Angel glanced at Monica from behind the book and then shifted her glance at Harvey. Both of them snuggled close to each other talking passionately. She fidgeted in her seat. \"Monica, i was wondering...\" She started to say. \"Did you say something?\" Monica asked, pulling at Harvey's blonde hair. Angel sighed. \" I was saying, it's been a long time since you two had gone out. Maybe you guys should hang out tonight. You know... Its been ages since you guys had a date.\" Both Harvey and Monica turned to look at Angel. Angel felt dumb under there WTF look. \"Hey i was just suggesting...\" Angel said. \"Well actually its not a bad idea but i don't want to leave you alone...\" Monica started to say. \"No no. Please don't worry about me. I will be fine. You guys go. I am insisting.\" Angel cut her across and stopped quickly when she thought she might have given herself away. But the damage was done. \"Why are you shooing us away?\" Harvey asked. \"What are you playing at Angel?\" Monica asked. \"Why are you trying to shove us out?\" \"No no. I am not. It's just you were complaining yesterday that Harvey doesn't take you anywhere so...\" \"As far as I remember i never said that yesterday.\" Monica said. Then her glance shifted to the book she was holding. Her eyes grew wide. \"Don't tell me you are planning THAT!\" She cried pointing that the title of the book. Harvey scrutinized at the title but Angel hid it. Harvey gave her a piercing look and snatched the book from her hand. \"How..to..summon.. a.. WHAT THE FUCK! ANGEL!\" He screamed. \"Are you out of you FUCKING MIND?\" 'DAMN DAMN DAMN!' Angel thought. \"No no no. Its got nothing to do with that. I was just reading it to pass my time.\" \"You read this shit to pass your time.\" Harvey screamed again. \"Are you planning to lose your life or what?\" Monica said feebly, who till now was too stunned to say anything. Angel gulped. She had to do something fast. \"No...\" She started to say, \"I was planning to lose something else.\" Both of them looked at her. It took them sometime to catch what she was saying. \"With a demon?\" Monica asked. \"Oh my god, no!\" Angel protested. \"Come on guys nothing paranormal in this matter. Trust me.\" Both of them looked a little relieved. \"Look guys Kofi is coming over...\" Monica let out a girlish giggle. \"Oh so you have been going out with Kofi... Alright we will go.\" Angel realized what they were thinking. \"No no.. Listen that's not...\" \"No no that's ok... We understand. You will need privacy and lots of it.\" Harvey said. \"Maybe we should go out Monica.\" \"I think too.\" Monica said. \" I will get my jacket.\" She winked at Angel and went inside. \"Be careful. You know what i mean.\" Harvey said and winked. \"GOD. There's been a horrible misun...\" Angel started to say. \"Come on honey lets bail before Kofi comes.\" Monica said. She hugged Angel and pushed Harvey out of the apartment door. Angel sighed and sat down on the couch. She made mental note clear Kofi of the thing tomorrow, IF she got to see tomorrow. She looked at the clock. 5 to 10. Surely those two lovebirds were going to Harvey's apartment to have some joys. She stretched herself on the couch. She thought what will happen if her best friend found her dead in the apartment tomorrow. Her heart started to race. She took deep breath and said sorry to her friends. She took the book lying on the floor. No. This felt to crappy. She would call upon him in her way. She complete lay on the couch and closed her eyes. She called his name. Images of him floated into her mind. Her heart was racing. As time went on she started to relax. She didn't feel frightened. Surprisingly she longed to see him. Once more she wanted to feel his touch. She wanted to hear his voice. She wanted to look into his eyes. She wanted her company. She wanted him. She breath intensified but it spoke of passion not fear. \"You are playing a dangerous game.\" A voice as smooth as silk and as deep as the rolling of thunder met her ear. Her eyes flew open. She looked to her side to see blackheart sitting on the tea table, his knees inches away from her shoulder, looking at her intently. Surprisingly again, she was not afraid. \"You are here.\" She said. The tenderness in her voice hit Blackheart. He was taken aback by the smoothness and intoxication in her voice. He stared at her for a while. Angel continued to stare back at him. It took her a few moment to realize that it was the Prince of Hell sitting in front of her. Kofi's words suddenly bumped into his mind and all her intoxication exploded crashing her into the cold reality. She jerked up into a sitting position. Blackheart was still studying her curiously. There was a silent question in his eyes when her smoothness suddenly turned into fear. \"You are here...\" She said again, but this time her voice no longer had the elation. \"And you are afraid.\" Blackheart said calmly. The words read in the book banged in the interior of her head. 'Don't be afraid. Fear will make you vulnerable.' \"I am not.\" She said on instinct. Blackheart sighed. \"No need to keep in mind what the books say. I am not here to hurt you. I am here at your call. And i think i might need to keep some answers ready.\" There was a chuckle in his eyes. Angel gulped. He could read minds. \"Of course i can read minds. How else do you think we come to know what you mortals desire.\" Blackheart said a little wearily. \"Would you stop that?\" Angel protested this time. The mind reading thing was becoming a little awkward. He laughed this time. \"Forgive me. I am demon after all. I do not know human etiquette.\" Angel was stuck for a moment on his laugh. His crystal clear voice echoed in the apartment. It was true after all that Lucifer was the most beautiful creature of all creation. This was not Lucifer but his son none the less. Or was he? \"Are you... I mean... you are... Mephistopheles is your father.\" It sounded more like a statement then a question which brought back the burning sensation of revenge inside Blackheart. He looked to his feet. \"DON'T EVER SAY THAT NAME!\" His demonic voice commanded. This was Angel's first experience of a demonic voice and she felt as if the soul was being sucked up from her. Scared to death she opened her mouth to say sorry, but she had lost her voice. Blackheart didn't have to read his mind this time. Her face was enough to show her fear. He eased up immediately. \"Oh i...\" The words got stuck in his throat. \"I... I am sorry... I didn't... i didn't mean to scare you...\" Blackheart apologized for the first time in his life. Angel couldn't meet his eyes. She was too afraid even to look up. For some unknown reason, her nervous maneuver was pricking him. \"Look at me.\" He said. Angel peeped through her lashes. \"Please don't be afraid.\" He said again. Angel looked up a bit. Blackheart looked at her face. Never had he seen so serene a face. Angel opened her mouth to say something. \"Wait.\" Blackheart said. Angel looked at him questioningly. \"Hold that expression. You are looking magnificent. I have never seen anyone look so beautiful when in fear.\" All the blood in her body rushed to his face. She blushed furiously. Blackheart laughed. \"You are such a fascinating creature.\" Angel laughed this time. \"Do i amuse you?\" Angel asked. \"Lot.\" Blackheart said tenderly. Angel's heart was racing faster than a F-1 car. A question bumped into her mind but she hesitated. \"Please ask what you wish. Don't hesitate.\" Blackheart said to her closing the distance between them a little. \"Are you... are you real? Or are you just a apparition? A dream?\" Angel asked. \"I am as real as you Angel.\" He said. Her name sounded more exquisite in his tongue. Angel was not convinced. What if she was dreaming? Blackheart laughed at her thought. \"You can touch me and see for yourself.\" Angel hesitated but soon her curiosity got the better of her. She reached over to touch him but stop remembering what Kofi had said, what had happened in san venganza. Blackheart sighed. He took her hand and placed it on his cheek. He skin was cold. Very cold. But this time it didn't burn her. She moved her fingers over the lines of his cheek down his chin. His skin felt like velvet to her touch. Blackheart was savoring every moment. The warmth of Angel's touch was seeping deep into his skin. The sound of heavy breath mixed with beating hearts created a soulful symphony. Blackheart couldn't resist. He reached out and cupped her face in his hands. He felt as if he had plunged his hands into a river of warm clear water. Everything was forgotten as sun rays and ice came into contact. Blackheart leaned forward. They were just a hair's breath away. Blackheart lips hovered over Angel's waiting to claim. Breaths mangled with each other. 'Almost...'Angel thought, her fear gone completely. 'Almost...almost...' He could read her mind loud and clear. 'Almost...almost...almost...' 'Remember who you are...' A grim voice echoed in Blackheart's mind. His eyes flew open. He jerked away from Angel. Angel too snapped back to senses. But the bubbling in her stomach did not end. Due to some unknown she felt hurt. Blackheart looked away quickly when their eyes met. \"I must go.\" Blackheart said, dejection eminent in his voice. He walked fast out of the room towards the door. Angel half ran behind him. \"Wait!\" She said. Blackheart was already at the door. He stopped and turned. \"You will be back.\" It wasn't a question. It was a statement. And to Blackheart it was an undeniable truth. He will be back. No matter how much he tried he will have to come back here someday. And he would. I hope you liked it. Keep reading. Next one's coming up soon... -Sugar :D[Chapter 5] Poor Exam's still in bathroom so here you go another chapter. I have put Blackheart in quite a jeopardy. My bad. Sorry Blacky, had to do it. Enjoy... He walked fast. As fast as his legs could carry. Away from the place where his heart wanted to stay. What an irritating thing was this heart. But he couldn't stay. The voice. It scared him. Not for his life but for Angel's. No, he shouldn't be afraid. He can't be afraid. He is the king of hell. \"Not you my son. I am the king of hell.\" A malicious, dark voice said from behind. The voice like fire to gasoline sparked rage inside Blackheart. His handsome face subsided and his demonic face returned. His aura surfaced sending surges of dark energy everywhere. Any man would have been sucked of his soul if he came in contact with such powerful aura. But the old man in question was not just any old man. Blackheart turned to the speaker and cocked his head. He laughed maliciously. The horrific laughter reverberated amplified to match the rolling of thunder. \"Hello father...\" It was as if the entire hell was screeching together in his voice. \"Long time no see.\" The old man laughed. \"I see my presence enrages you. Please i am only here to share some pleasantries.\" Blackheart laughed. \"Hah! I know you better old man. You are here for the sake of curiosity.\" \"You are right. I am curious.\" Mephistopheles admitted. \"How did you survive my rider?\" \"Your mongrel just burned the souls inside me. But must i remind you that i need no soul to depend on for my life?\" Blackheart laughed. \" I was Legion. Now i am Blackheart again. But it is a pity though. All those souls, all that power, destroyed for nothing.\" He laughed maniacally. \"And you think i will let you live after that.\" Mephistopheles said calmly. \"You dared to take what was mine. You dared to defy me.\" \"What are you going to do old man? Let loose you mongrel again. As far as i know your frankenstein turned against you. And you have become weak. But i am still the same.\" \"No?\" The Devil said in false surprise. \"Then how come I can feel something different about you? I can hear a bothersome sound in you. And smell a petty air of softness hanging about.\" Blackheart looked in confusing. \"What are you blabbering about?\" \"What can bring about such a change? I wonder...\" Mephistopheles said, circling him like a panther about to attack his prey. \"Must be something good.\" He stopped abruptly and smiled the malicious smile again. \"Ah... A woman...\" Blackheart staggered. \"No...\" He thought. \"No?\" Mephistopheles asked, showing false confusion. \" But it is very eminent in your mind, my son.\" He looked down and shook his head. \"Of all the creatures must you chose a lowly human.\" Blackheart's chest thumped. Did he find out about angel? \"Angel?\" Mephistopheles raised an eyebrow. \"See what you have become? A low life incubus. What a shame.\" He spat. \"You let that whore seduce you to her bed.\" This time Blackheart reacted \"HOW DARE YOU!\" He screamed, sending dark energy so powerful that it knocked Mephistopheles of his feet. He flew through the air but before he hit the ground, he vanished. Blackheart stood in the alley heaving, trying to regain his composure, tie down his anger. A voice rang through the alley, \"If i were you, i would stay away from her. Fo her well being.\" A demonic laughter rung through the alley. Kofi woke up with a jolt. Something was wrong. Something was very wrong. He jumped of his bed and walked out to the balcony. Maybe he was just freaking out for nothing. He went back to the kitchen. A glass of milk might help him relax. He opened the refrigerator. Damn it. No milk. Ah a can of beer will have to do. He grabbed the can and went to his room. The cell lay on the table. He clicked it. Five messages. He went through them just to put his mind to something. He got stuck on one particular message. It was from Monica. \"Be-easy-on-her-you-are-her-first-big-fella-thumbsup-she-just-told-us?\" Kofi looked up in confusion. \"Who told what?\" He looked back to the message. \"Whose first? What first?\" Kofi scratched his head. Was she talking about Angel. Angel's first? First what? Boyfriend? The thought cheered Kofi immensely. But then again something pricked him. Why was Monica telling him this? Maybe Angel didn't want to tell it herself. Maybe she was shy. But wouldn't Monica have been clearer if that was the case. And if Angel didn't want him to know wouldn't have she told her to keep it a secret. This half message told him that Monica that she was talking about something he ought to have known. Why did he have a feeling that there was more to it than he thought? \"Oh you are thinking too much.\" Kofi mumbled to himself. He shook his head in agreement to himself. \"But you better tell her quick before someone else takes her.\" He laughed. He had a feeling Angel was into him too. That what he felt was not one sided. \"You better pick up some guts before she gets tired of waiting a makes out with some gasbags from her research work.\" Kofi laughed again. He closed his eyes and went back in time to this morning repeating their conversation in his head. He was drifting to sleep when suddenly a thought made him jump up. How the hell did she came to know the name Blackheart. His heart thumped. There was noway she could have found it out from any book. Was she being stalked? He remembered how he had come to know about Blackheart. Years ago, in the most desperate situation of life, an old man had approached him to make a deal. To hunt down someone for the exchange of he wanted. That someone was Blackheart. \"You could be the richest, the most powerful man on this planet. All i ask is that you do me a simple errand and i will give you whatever you want?\" \"And what do I have to do?\" \"All you have to do it sign this contract.\" \"I ain't selling any organ old man.\" \"I am not asking for your organs. All i ask is... you soul, temporarily.\" Kofi laughed. \"Oh i get it. Sure.\" \"You will be my rider and hunt down a demon called Blackheart for me and bring him back to hell\" \"And who are you? Mephistopheles ?\" \"Yes i am...\" The man vanished to thin air. \"Take you time to think. You have the day...\" Kofi pulled his hair. He grabbed the phone a dialed Angel's number. It buzzed for a long time. No reply. \"Shit!\" Kofi screamed and threw the phone to the feet of his bed. There goes sleep for tonight. All I gotta say is Read and Review.. Love you all... -Sugar :D[Chapter 6] I guess Exam is suffering from a bad case of diarrehea. Poor dear... Anyways that give me the chance to put one another chapter. Kofi's coming into broad view in this one... Enjoy... Angel stood in the kitchen staring out of the window. Last night she almost had her first kiss. That too with a demon. \"You are going nuts.\" Angel said to herself. \"You are playing a dangerous game Angel.\" \"Yes you are!\" She heard a scream behind her. Oh crap! Angel turned to face Monica. Monica stood in her last night cloths, her hair disheveled, her face livid with anger. \"You are back early.\" Angel said, trying to sound normal. \"Don't act innocent.\" Monica shouted. \"Kofi called this morning telling me that he wasn't supposed to meet you.\" \"Well you got the wrong Kofi.\" Angel said. \"I was talking about a guy from our institute. He was helping me out for my assignment.\" \"I didn't know you knew another Kofi.\" Monica asked sardonically. \"I know another Monica too. I will introduce you two someday.\" Angel said and turned towards the window. \"Don't lie to me Angel. You were trying to summon what ever you are working on weren't you? Are you out of your freaking mind?\" \"No please, listen. I was thinking about starting on my presentation and it included a lot of horrific discussions and i know how you react to all this, so i wanted the house to myself last night. But unfortunately Kofi didn't turn up. So i just went to bed early.\" Monica fixed Angel with a glare. \"You better call Kofi. He is freaking out bad. Thinks you are in danger.\" Angel's heart thumped. Had Kofi found out something about Blackheart? \"Ok.\" Angel said. She went back to her room and picked up her phone. Thirteen missed calls from Kofi. Man he must be really worried. She dialed his number and waited for an answer. A tensed Kofi picked up the phone. \"OH thank god! Angel you alright?\" Kofi asked. \"Yeah i am. Why are you so stressed?\" Angel asked. \"Look, Angi. We gotta meet.\" Kofi said. \" 'K.. I am coming in a minute.\" Angel said and clicked of the phone. She grabbed her jacket and her backpack and walked out of the room. \"Monica i am off.\" \"Where are you going?\" Monica demanded. \"To see Kofi.\" Angel said. \"I will drop you.\" Monica said. \"Hey its ok... i..\" \"Look i have been really worried sick about you and i want to make sure that you reach where you say you wanna go.\" \"Oh alright it won't do any harm.\" Angel said and left the room. Monica followed her out grabbing her car keys. Monica was silent throughout the drive. Angel kept her fingers crossed hoping that Monica would not start her interrogation again. Luckily she didn't and just dropped her in front of Kofi's coffee shop and drove away without a single word. \"Great.\" Angel thought. \"Silent treatment.\" She pushed the door open. As usual the bell on the top of the door jingled and as unusual Kofi came running and wrapped her in a tight hug. Angel stood stunned. \"Oh god Angel i was so damn worried.\" He said. \"Uh Kofi,\" Angel said. \"I can't breath.\" \"Oh sorry.\" Kofi said, letting her go. \"I have been a nervous wreck all night. Why didn't you answer my call?\" He demanded. \"I had kept my phone in silent mode. I had fallen asleep. Maybe that's why i didn't notice your calls. Sorry.\" Angel explained. Kofi humped. He took her by hand and dragged her to a nearby table. \"You gotta answer me some questions.\" Kofi said seriously. \"On one condition. One steaming cup of cappuccino first.\" Angel said trying to lighten the mood. \"This is no joke Angel.\" kofi said sternly. \"Where did you get the name Blackheart?\" Angel's head went blank. \"I got in a book.\" She lied. \"Last time you said you got that in the legend.\" \"And i found the legend in the book.\" \"And what would you say if i said that the name of Blackheart in not mentioned in the legend?\" Kofi said. 'Dead meat.' Angel thought. \"You must have missed it.\" Angel said. \"Don't lie to me Angel.\" Kofi hissed. \"I am not lying.\" Angel protested. \"Angel the Legend of San Venganza only tell about the damnation of souls living in the once prosperous town. It tells about how the devil turned them against each other. Blackheart's not mentioned anywhere. The son of the devil has no role in the legend until the last one year.\" Angel's heart was kicking into her chest. She should have been more careful. The damage was done but something had to be said. \" Then how come you know about him so much?\" She demanded. \"You want to know how i came to know about Blackheart?' Kofi asked grimly. \" Years ago, when i didn't have a dime in my pocket and my sister dying of Thalassemia an Old man had approached me. He promised to give me every treasure in this world, every power a man could possibly have in exchange of simple task. I had to hunt down a demon. That demon was Blackheart.\" Kofi let his words sink in. He looked at Angel's expression and the continued. \"Blackheart was after the contract of San Venganza which was fabled to have been stolen by Carter Slade. He wanted the contract for himself. he wanted to surpass his father in power and had escaped hell for that. His father, enraged, approached me, a desperate soul he could use. I had to sign a contract. That would entrust him my soul, which he would return to me if i fulfilled the terms of the contract. I was to kill Blackheart and bring the contract to the old man, to the Devil.\" Angel gasped at this. And that was her mistake. \"Sounds familiar does it?\" Kofi asked. Angel shook her head. Kofi took her hand. \"Did you sign the contract Angel?\" Kofi asked. \"No.\" Angel said, truthfully. Kofi sighed. \"During the nights Angel, in presence of evil, the spirit of vengeance awakens. The one who has sold his soul to the devil shall pay for his sin. He shall have to do the bidding of Devil. He shall have to be... the ghost rider.\" \"What is a ghost rider?\" Angel asked. Kofi heaved a bit, relieved. \"You don't know what a ghost rider is?\" \"No. Honestly i don't.\" Angel said. \"That means you didn't make the deal.\" Kofi said. \"Of course not. Do i look like i made the deal?\" Angel said earnestly. \"I guess not.\" Kofi said. \"Kofi?\" Angel started to ask, thinking it was a way to personal question to ask. \"Did you make the deal?\" \"Do i look like i made the deal?\" Kofi asked smiling. \"I guess not.\" Angel said. He smiled and looked at Angel contentedly, his hand still wrapped around hers. Angel realized this. She blushed and pulled back her hand, but Kofi didn't let go. \"Well are you going to tell me about the ghost rider?\" Angel said. \"Probably not.\" Kofi said. \"Oh come on.\" Angel pushed. \"Nope. Its not something you shouldn't know. For your own good.\" Kofi said, his eyes never leaving Angel's face. She felt really awkward under his gaze. \"I better go.\" Angel said. \"Already?\" Kofi asked, his face fallen. \"Yeah gotta meet Professor Myers. About my assignment.\" Angel said picking up her bag and heading for the door. She was about to walk out when Kofi suddenly grabbed her arm holding her back. Angel turned and looked at him. Kofi came close to her and did something he had never done before. He kissed her forehead and hugged her, his hands tracing her long auburn hair to her back. \"Be careful love.\" He said and let go of her. Angel was to stunned for the moment. She just looked at him once and then exited through the door, thinking what happened. Kofi watched her go. His heart was bubbling with excitement. He wished he could feel her lips but that would have been too much for the start. Angel looked flushed about it. He decided to take that for a good sign. He smiled but soon it vanished. He felt a very strange aura in the shop. And chill stole over the place. Kofi was practically shivering. One moment ago he wished that he could escape the heat of the shop and now he felt as if he had entered the frizzer room. Creepy. He shrugged it of and returned to the counter. Blackheart stood there watching Kofi, his face livid with anger. 'How dare he?' He thought. 'How dare he touch his Angel?' He wished he could just rip his head off his neck. Yes it would be too easy. The shop was empty and no one would notice. \"Ooh.. jealous much.\" He heard someone say. He looked up to see Kofi looking at him. Blackheart stood there surprised. \"Look behind you gasbag.\" Kofi said. Blackheart turned to see himself reflected in a decorative mirror just behind him. Blackheart laughed and made himself visible. \"Smart.\" He said walking up to the counter and sitting down. \"Smart. And daring.\" He said. \"Daring?\" Kofi asked, a mischievous smile of his face. \"Daring to touch her in front of me.\" Blackheart said. \"Is it now?\" Kofi said. \" I just did what i should have done ages ago.\" \"And you didn't fear the consequences.\" Blackheart asked. \"Who should i be afraid of? You?\" Kofi laughed. \"No matter what you want you can't hurt me demon. And you know that too.\" \"Do I?\" Blackheart asked looking amused. \"Where there is death, there is devil. Killing me will start an alert in your father's GPS. And he will come looking for you. And as far as i remember your relationship with your daddy dearest isn't so good.\" That had not struck Blackheart. Even though it pained him a lot to accept it but he was right. \"You know what? If you try anymore of your daring act i will cease to care.\" Blackheart said. \"So cute. Its sad that Angel loves me instead of you. And anyways, she is the purest thing in this world. You are not ever worth the attention she is giving you.\" Kofi spat. Blackheart sized up to him. \"Just stay well ten feet away from her. You touch her one more time and i promise you it will be the last thing you do.\" Blackheart said fiercely. \"She is my girl, demon. Don't tell me what i can do and what i can't. She is mine and I could throw her down and kiss her from head to toe if...\" Blackheart grabbed him by his collar before he could finish. This mortal had tried his patients way too far and the last comment he made about Angel kicked up all his contained rage. \"You think Angel likes you? Then wait for her to say the words.\" He said, fury blazing in his eyes. \"Oh yeah? And she will.\" Kofi said, firmly. \"We will see about that.\" Blackheart said. He let go of his collar and stormed out of the shop. Oh the brawls of love huh... Hope you liked it. Keep reading yo'all... -Sugar... :D[Chapter 7] Oh yeah, make some noise people. The big daddy of the evil heroes is here... This chapter has got some blows for you so... beware... \"Aaagh.\" Angel screamed and threw the book to the foot of her bed. Seven days. Its been seven days since she had last seen Blackheart. She tried to summon him again but he didn't return. She tried the same trick at the beginning but she ended up falling asleep. Then she tried sitting throughout the night concentrating on blackheart. When that didn't work, she tried all kinds of voodoo spells and enchantments. Then last night, frustrated beyond limits she rushed out into the balcony and screamed out \"Blackheart\". Nothing happened excluding the fact that she had to give a lot of explanations to Monica. \"I give up.\" Angel said to herself. \"He is gone and he is not coming back.\" She lay back on her bed looking up at the ceiling. 'Am i missing him?' She thought. She visibly shook her head. 'Its for my presentation that's it.' She turned and closed her eyes. The face of Blackheart played over her mind. She opened her eyes and sat up abruptly. She shook her head vigorously this time. Then again lay back and closed her eyes. 'Great.' She thought. 'Again the same thought.' \"What's wrong with you?\" She said out loud. \"That's what i have been asking you for the past few weeks.\" Angel sat up to see Monica standing at the doorway. \"What's got into you?\" She asked as she entered the room and sat on the bed facing Angel. Angel sighed and decided to tell her a slightly edited version of what was happening to her. \"There's this guy...\" Angel began. \"I met him a few weeks ago, in colorado.\" She wasn't going to be precise about the exact location. \"After that we have met twice. But i haven't seen him for the last seven days and I'm...\" \"Pissed off, worried and restless?\" Monica finished, a wide grin on her face. \"Well yes...\" Angel said \"And what about the guy? I mean did he seem... interested in you? In anyway?\" Monica asked. \"Well yeah kind of...\" Angel left out the almost-kiss session. \"Oh my god girl you are in love.\" Monica said happily. \"No i am not. I can't be. Not with him.\" Angel said before she could stop herself. \"Why not?\" Monica asked \"I mean we just met. I don't even know him well.\" Angel said. \"That's called love at first sight.\" Monica said. 'More like, killed at first sight.' Angel thought. But then again she did feel unconditionally attracted to him. \"At last. Congratulations.\" Monica said happily and hugged Angel tightly. \"This is great. I have to tell Harvey.\" Monica took out her cell phone and walked out of the room. 'Great.' Angel thought. 'Of all the creatures in three worlds you fall for a demon. This ain't gonna be pretty.' Angel smiled and rolled over he side feeling strangely happy. She sat up and looked out of the window. The sun was setting. But there was still light in the sky. Maybe she should go out for a walk or something. She stretched her leg when suddenly her phone started to ring. She picked it up without seeing the number. \"Hello..\" \"Hi there chick.\" \"Hi Kofi.\" \"Angel, I have been thinking, i should let you know about the San Venganza incident. Might help you with your project. Why don't you come over?\" \"That's great. I'll be there right away.\" \"Kk. See ya..\" \"Bye..\" 'Wow this was a lucky break.' Angel thought happily and headed for the bathroom. No one noticed that the phone was switched off. \"Hiya Kofi.\" Angel said, happily walking into the cafe. \"Hiya chick.\" Kofi replied. \"Haven't seen you around for a while.\" \"Yeah, been awfully busy.\" Angel replied. \"So what brings little miss Angel here today?\" Kofi asked. Angel looked at him in confusion. \"What do you mean 'what brings me here today'? You called me.\" \"What?\" Kofi asked. \"Yeah. Didn't you just call me and ask me to come here. You said you will tell me about the San Venganza incident.\" Angel said. \"What? I didn't call you.\" Kofi said. \"Don't lie Kofi. It was you. I can recognise you voice anywhere.\" Angel said. \"I am not lying.\" Kofi said. \"Don't try to scare me. I will show you my call record.\" Angel said as she took out her phone. She clicked it. \"Strange i don't remember switching in off.\" Angel said. Then her heart gave a thump. She had switched her phone last night and hadn't touched it since. The only time she used her phone was to attend Kofi's phone call. If the phone was switched off, how did the phone ring? She looked up at Kofi. \"What is it?\" Kofi asked, tensed. \"Nothing i think my phone's battery is low.\" Angel said, switching on her phone. She went through her call list but couldn't find the number. In fact there was no call dialed, recieved or missed since last night. \"Some one prancked with me...\" Angel tried to put away her phone. Kofi snatched her phone and went through her call list and looked at her. Angel tried to look away. \"Something's wrong and I know you know it.\" Kofi said. \"What are you saying?\" Angel said, looking away. Kofi took her by her arm and made her look at him. \"How long has Blackheart following you?\" \"What?\" Angel asked, flabergasted. \"How long has he been haunting you?\" \"What are you talking about?\" Angel said trying to get away from him, but Kofi kept her held tight. \"You know exactly what i am talking about. Since you returned from San Venganza all you have been talking about is Blackheart. Now i know why.\" Angel continued to look at him. \"He has been following you since you came back, isn't he? Reminding you of his presence all the time.\" Kofi went on. \"Don't lie.\" \"How do you know?\" Angel said, unable to contain anymore, unable to fake. Kofi laughed. \"That demon was here too.\" \"What?\" Angel asked surprised. Kofi lightly caressed her cheek with the back of his finger. Angel tried to move away. \"Kofi what are you..\" \"Why do you always shy away from me?\" Kofi said, he voice passionate. \"Why was he here?\" Angel asked trying to distract him. Kofi sighed. He took both of her hands in his and half sat on a nearby table. \"That day when I kissed you...\" Angel fidgeted a bit. \"He came here to threaten me to stay away from you.\" He came closer to her. \"But one thing he is hoping fo nothing. That you would fall for him.\" Angel's heart gave a happy thug. \"But he didn't know you already have fallen for someone.\" Angel looked at him questioningly. \"Why hide anymore Angel?\" Kofi said cupping her face with his hand. \"You know and I know. It's time to let the world know.\" He said and kissed her. Angel couln't react momentarily but soon regained her senses and pushed Kofi off her. \"What the hell are you doing?\" Angel demanded, livid and revolted. Kofi looked hurt. \"What? Angel i love you.\" \"But I don't. You are a friend to me, i never saw you as a lover.\" Angel said. \"Angel, I know you love me. It's the demon for whom you are unable to accept it. It's all for that sick, fucking, son of..\" \"No.\" Angel cut him across. \"He has nothing to do with it. It's what i feel. And next if you want to kiss a girl, wait for her to say the words\" Angel shouted, disgusted. Kofi laughed this time. \"Now i see. he possessed you. He is making you say these.\" Kofi came closer to her, trying to hug her. \"Stay away from me Kofi.\" She said and ran out of the coffee, tears painting her face. 'What's taking her so long?' He thought angrily. He closed his eyes trying to concentrate on what was going inside the shop. 'Alright,' He thought. 'He is just talking to her. Good.' But Blackheart couldn't push away the feeling that he was up to something else. He kept his focus on Kofi, trying to anticipate his move. He saw him grab Angel's hand. His aura started to flare up. He felt anger bubbling in the pit of his stomach. He felt that Angel wasn't comfortable. 'I am hoping for you own good that this is as far as you would go.' He thought. If Angel had loved Kofi back, Blackheart would have left her to it. But Angel didn't. He knew she didn't. He had felt her mind, felt her soul. And Kofi's indecent advances were very, very disrespectful. And Blackheart couldn't stand a single word against his Angel. He laughed. 'My Angel…' He thought. How this girl had changed him so much in such a short time. He smiled again. But soon his smile changed into fury as he felt Kofi finally crossing his limits. He burst up completely, livid in anger and advanced towards the shop. But suddenly somebody grabbed him by his shoulder and whirled him into the ally. Blackheart few through the air and collided with the opposite wall and crumpled down. Somehow he stood up and looked at his attacker. \"You again!\" He growled in anger. \"Where there is that gruesome,\" The skull headed monster cocked his head. \"There is the ghost rider.\" \"Look I am no time to deal with you.\" Blackheart said trying to walk past him, but the ghost rider again grabbed him by the shoulder. This time Blackheart reacted. He grabbed the wrist of the arm on shoulder and twisted it jerking it out. Johnny whirled out and landed on his back. Blackheart grabbed his neck and kept him locked in a steel grip. The flame covering Johnny's head started to turn black, as is a poison was spreading in them. \"I already have enough to worry about. I don't want you to come littering on my trail. Now if you come sniffing after me again I am gonna knock that glass skull of your filthy spine.\" Blackheart said fiercely and threw him to the wall. When he stood up he could see Angel emerging from the shop, tearful, but visibly unharmed. Blackheart sighed a relief when a punch hit his ear. He turned and hauled an punch at Johnny when suddenly he tensed. Even Johnny stopped. Because the air was suddenly filled with an unmistaken stench. The surrounding temperature dropped 10* or more. It spoke of death. It spoke of the Devil. Blackheart turned towards the street and froze. The devil stood laughing maliciously on a rampaging cargo truck. Angel couldn't see the road clearly. Tears blurred her vision badly. She fervently wiped her eyes and started to cross the road. She couldn't believe what had just happened. She felt robbed. She felt mutilated. She was almost half way through the crossing when she heard a defending honk. She turned and was instantly blinded by the headlights of truck inches away from her. On instincts she curled into an ball and then…. Black.[Chapter 8] So sorry to all the readers for being so patient with me. School works has been running all time high and my spirits are all time low... But finally i got a chance to type it in. A part of this chapter is inspired from a true life incident but luckily not mine... Any guesses which? Enjoy... She could here something. Deep breath? Yes. Someone was breathing heavily. No... Maybe it was just her. She couldn't see anything. Everything was black. Something was tightly wrapped around her body. She couldn't breath well. She blinked. Once, twice, thrice. Slowly the view became clear. If you call it a view that is. She could only make out a black fabric pressed tightly to her face. She tried to look up. She couldn't. \"I thought...\" Someone said, the voice shaken. \" I thought I had lost you.\" She knew the voice. \"Angel... Angel are you alright?\" She heard him say. He was shaking her now. \"Angel!\" He shouted. Angel snapped into her stepped away. She looked around. She was standing. Angel looked around trying to gather her wits. How did she survive that? What happened. She looked at the person standing in front of her. \"What is...\" But she couldn't complete her question. Blackheart pulled her into a suffocating embrace again. Angel looked over his shoulder. By the view she could see, she understood she was on the top of a building. Did she... did she dream all that? The light, the truck, Kofi? No, it was real. It was all real. Blackheart saved her from that truck and brought her here. She didn't know how but there could be no other explanation. She closed her eyes and wound her arms around him that till now were too numb to be moved. She felt him shaking. He was afraid. Afraid to lose her. He cared for her. She remembered what kofi had said. 'But one thing he is hoping for nothing. That you would fall for him.' A smiled painted Angel's face. Blackheart pulled her away but held her arms looking at her from head to toe, making sure that she was unharmed. \"I am glad you are alright.\" He said. He sounded relieved. \"Thanks to you.\" Angel said tenderly and cupped his face with her smiled and placed his hand on hers. He held it and brought it to his lips. He kissed the palm of her hand. Angel came closer to him. \"I am glad you are back.\" Angel touched her cheek. \"I was never gone.\" Angel smiled ear to ear. A tear slipped down her face. She looked down and then looked into his eyes. Their foreheads were touching. 'This would never end...' Angel thought, but she had spoken all to soon. Blackheart suddenly moved away from her. Angel looked away questioningly. \"Go.\" Blackheart said. \"What?\" Angel said, confused. \"You are safe now.\" Blackheart said, stiffly. \"Go home.\" \"Blackheart what wrong? I...\" Angel said coming closer to him but Blackheart pushed her away. \"Don't.\" He said, looking felt hysteric. \"Why? Do I burn you?\" Blackheart didn't reply. \"GOD!\" Angel screamed. \"What is wrong with you? One moment you are to afraid to let me go and the next you are pushing me away. What are you trying to do?\" Blackheart looked at her, still silent. Angel stood up straight, her face strewn with tears. \"I see. I revolt you, don't I? You just can't speak your heart because i am a human, isn't it? Then why didn't you just let the truck crush me. It would have saved you all this misery.\" \"Angel that's not...\" Blackheart started to say but Angel cut him off. \"Then WHAT IS? If the truck had crushed me it would have been easier for both of us. It would have saved me this pain and it would have saved of all this regret.\" \"You think i regret saving you?\" Blackheart asked miserably. \"Yes I do!\" Angel screamed. \"Why are you doing this? Look at the mess i am in. Why are you playing with me?\" Angel broke down to heavy sobs and started backing away. Something caught her leg and she tripped, over the edge but Blackheart grabbed her by her hand and pulled her up fiercely. He pushed her to a wall. \"Would you at least watch where you are going?\" He said fiercely. Angel was trying to push him of her. \"Angel stop being so miserable.\" Blackheart screamed. \"It is you who made me miserable.\" Angel said through her sob. \"You landed me in this mess. You...\" \"You're in a mess? YOU'RE IN A MESS?\" Blackheart screamed. \"And you think i am having a time of my life? I tried to kill you but i couldn't. I tried to stay away from you but i can't. When I tried to be with you my father threatens to kill you and does so even when i am not around. Another man tries to claim to and i can't do anything about it. The girl i love thinks I find her revolting. And each time I come closer to her, i am reminded of what i am, i am reminded that i don't deserve her.\" Blackheart looked at Angel tenderly. \"I don't push you away because i find you revolting. It is because i find myself revolting.\" Angel had calmed down and she was looking awestruck at Blackheart. \"I can't deny it Angel. I am in love with you. But I shouldn't be. Neither should you.\" Angel had started sobbing again. \"No... No don't leave... don't...\" \"I won't.\" Blackheart said. \"I can't.\" A tear fooled him and slipped down his cheek. \"This is not supposed to happen, you know. It's a sin.\" \"I don't care.\" Angel said. \"I am already hell bound for dabbling in all sort of supernatural stuff.\" Blackheart laughed a watery laugh. \"Come on, Blackheart. You're a demon. I am a human. We are both good at committing sins. We will make it through.\" Blackheart moved a stray hair from her face. \"There would be no turing back Angel. And it's going to be a rough ride.\" \"I can handle that.\" Angel said. \"As long as you are with me.\" \"I have to be with you. I have never seen anyone so prone to life threatening idiocy.\" Blackheart laughed and hugged him tight. \"I love you.\" Angel said. \"I love you too.\" blackheart said and placed a kiss on her head. \"See I don't burn.\" Angel said, happily. \"Who knew?\" Blackheart said teasingly. Angel laughed and pushed her head in his chest, sighing contentedly. Thank you all so much for all those lovely alerts and hits and reviews... Thank you so much... And I would specially love to thank my friends for sticking up with me... Hey wo... wait up.. this ain't the end... The best is yet to come... -Sugar :D[Chapter 9] NOT A PART OF EXISTING STORY please be patient and read the following letter. I dedicated this to all my readers. Its an apology letter to all my readers. To my dearest readers First of all, thank you soooooooo much for all this support and love for my story. I haven't updated in one whole year (pleading guilty). So it seems so surreal that my story is still being read. Its my first attempt at long story and i never thought it would get so much recognition. Thank you all so much. This is really emotional for me. I am a graduating student right now and my exams are going on. So its kind of impossible for me to pick up my pen to write. But my exams end on 7th April this year and i promise on my life and honour and the love i have for that you will see a burst of updates. In fact here's my promise in written- I will update the whole of the story on 7th April 2013 in one evening. I am not bragging guys. My entire story is written down. It just needs to be typed. So look out for 7th April. The end will be hitting the net at 6:30 pm (Indian Standard Time, thats like +5:30hrs from GMT). To be true i lost my faith on my story(Ironic, when you look at the title). I didn't like the story myself and thought it was going to fast and was a bit pointless and i made BlackHeart a little too fluffy. I had decided to tear it down and post a revamped edition of it. But seeing your love for my work i just could not insult my readers like this. The story stays and continues. I will update the revamped one later. And then you could decide which i should keep(Both can stay too if you guys want). I know many of you groaned seeing that the new update is just an author's rant. I do the same too. I am just too tied at the moment. I hope you will understand and will not abandon me and my story. I promise to send a personal invitation to all my reviewers on the new update and my anonymous reviewers may even contact me on my email ID if they want to know when the story is up. Thank you all for you love and support. Your faithfully Sugahsands[Chapter 10] I know I know I am full 48 hrs late than promised. I blamed on my network service provider. The stupid dongle just won't connect. Anywho... :P Heres a neeeww chapter... Do tell me wat you guys think. And most importantly THANK YOU SOOOOOOOOO... much for you support and love for this story... i hope the coming chapters won't dissapoint you... I am blessed by your messages and reviews... Thank you... Well... read on... :D \"R AND R\" Angel wanted to stay back on the terrace of… wherever she was but black heart wouldn't hear any of it. \"I must get you to the safety of your home.\" He kept saying and finally Angel complied. Literally pushing her into an elevator, he pushed the ground floor button. That's when Angel noticed exactly how tall the building was. \"65 FLOORS! Wow… It's going to take a while to reach G level.\" She said and leaned against the wall of the elevator. \"Enjoy it. It's not every day you get to be in an extremely small place with a handsome otherworld creature such as myself.\" Blackheart said. \"Oh ha-ha. Very funny.\" Angel said. She looked down and realized that their hands where still entangled. She blushed. Never in the past few days did she anticipate that THIS would happen. She was in an elevator with Blackheart, alone, hand entwined. She could literally feel butterflies bumping against the wall of her stomach. She heard blackheart chuckle. \"What?\" She asked him. \"It's cute when you get nervous.\" He said. \"What? Hey I told you to stop that mind reading thing!\" Angel protested. Blackheart laughed. \"I don't have to read you mind to know what you are thinking. I just have to read your face. And those two pink shades are more than enough indication that you are nervous and shy.\" Angel pulled her hand free from his grip, crossed it over her chest and pouted. \"Am not.\" \"Are too.\" \"AM NOT.\" At that instant Blackheart pushed her against the wall of the elevator. He took her wrists and placed them firmly against the wall on the side of her head. He was dangerously close. He whispered into her ear, \"Are too.\" Could she, could anyone argue with that now? Angels heart was beating like a hummingbird. She could feel his lips barely touching her ear and neck. She could feel his icy breath against her skin. Goosebumps were erupting all over her being and she couldn't help shudder under is ruthless teasing. She jumped when his lips touched the skin of her neck and felt Blackheart smirk against her. His fingers left her wrists and slid down to her waist. He looked at her, his black eyes sparkling. He touched her face and caressed her cheek with his thumb. He leaned his head forward. On instincts, Angel closed her eyes. Their lips just touched… DING! The bell of the elevator made both of them jump away. The door opened and an Old couple entered giving both of them cheery smiles. None of them noticed that the girl was red from head to toe and the boy's eyes had turned completely black. Angel after snapping to her senses to see Blackheart literally fuming beside her. The white skin beneath his eyes had turned bluish-black and he looked like he was chewing his own tongue. Angel chuckled. She reached forward and grabbed his hand. Blackheart seemed to snap out of his rage coma and looked at Angel. She was blushing slightly. He felt her lean against her. His anger and annoyance sublimed and her wound his arms around Angel. But soon Black heart started to get impatient. Angel could see his jaw muscles clench, the vein behind his ear pop and hear the tapping of his shoe. Every now and then he would look at the decreasing numbers at the LED display and shoot sulky annoyed glances at the old couple. All of this was an extremely amusing sight to Angel. Try as she could, she couldn't help smiling at his state. \"What's so amusing?\" He heard Blackheart whisper to her. Angel smirked. \"Nothing.\" She said. \"Nothing huh?\" Blackheart said shooting a bemused glance at her. \"Enjoy while you can because soon i will have my revenge.\" Angel just smiled but sure as hell her gut yelped. She looked up to see Blackheart staring pensively at the display, as if willing the numbers to decrease faster. She finally giggled. Black heart looked at her, looked down at his feet and sighed. He looked at her and suddenly pulled her into his arms. Before Angel could react she had a feeling that can only be described as a \"whoosh.\" And it took a while for her to understand what exactly happened. She looked around in horror as they were no longer in the elevator but in her apartment's living room. She looked back at smirking Blackheart. \"You didn't?\" She said. \"Oh... yes I did.\" Blackheart said, enjoying her expression. \"BLACK HEART! THEY WOULD BE FREAKING OUT!\" Angel shouted. \"Oh come on, Old human beings tend to not notice things.\" Blackheart said. He didn't give Angel's certain goldfish expression a second look and made himself at home on her couch. \"BLACKHEART!\" Angel said. \"You cannot... whoosh... when we are in public.\" \"Of course I can.\" Blackheart said, teasing her. \"I have 'whooshed' in public many time.\" \"I don't mean that.\" Angel said. \"You can give someone a heart...\" Angel was silenced by Blackheart pulling her down on the couch. She half sat half fell and instantly found a dazzlingly dashing demon inches away from face. \"What are you...\" \"I said I would have my revenge.\" Black heart said with a mischievous wink. THUNK A THUNK A THUNK… Angel wished he couldn't here her heart throbbing like a truck engine. She felt his hand snaking up her shoulder and cupping her face. She felt his breath on her lips. Instinctively she reached out to him, wounding her ams around his neck and pulling him closer. Their breathing intensified as the moment both of them were cvaring for inched closer. Slowly, oh so slowly , their lips connected. DING DONG! \"Oh FOR HELL'S SAKE COME ON!\" Blackheart shouted, so angry and annoyed at the repeated interruption of their moment of love that the skin beneath his eyes turned a venomous shade of bluish black. Angel although highly disappointed herself couldn't help but giggle at his vexed exclamation. Blackheart shot her a glare but instead of silencing her it only converted her giggles into a full on fit of laughter. Finally blackheart sunk into the couch like a three year old who's balloon just popped. Angel finally controlling her laughter walked up to the door to find out who was raping the doorbell. As soon as she opened the door two strong arms scooped her up and spun her around. It took Angel a while to identify her assaulter. \"Kofi! Put me down!\" She shouted. Kofi who till now was rejoicing her well being, complied but kept her firmly wrapped in his arms. \"Oh thank heaven's Angel!\" I almost died when I saw...\" He gulped and didn't continue. He cupped her face and moved the stray locks of hair away from her face. \"See what I have been telling you.\" He said. \"He is trying to kill you.\" Angel by now had freed herself from his grip. \"Actually he saved me.\" Angel said, a little sternly. She was touched by Kofi's care and concern for her but he was still acting too cozy than she was comfortable with. She was defensive and yet Kofi was relentless. He pulled Angel into another cuddle. \"You naive girl.\" He said\" He is in league with his father he is tricking you. Can't you see? Its all a game.\" He pulled away and cupped her face. \"I let you walk away and this happens. But I promise you this it will never happen again\" He said and swooped down o kiss her. Angel tried to push away but he was far to strong but suddenly she felt herself pushed back with great force. She crashed to the floor and by the time she gathered her wits and looked up to understand what was going on, Blackheart had hoisted Kofi up by his throat and had started draining his life energy. His face was demonic, his eyes pitch black and kofi, hanging in mid air, was struggling with the chokehold at his throat. \"I warned you before.\" Blackheart said, the voice of a thousand damned souls echoed in his voice. \"But you didn't listen.\" Angel scrambled to her feet and tugged at the hand that was strangling kofi in a death grip. \"BLACKHEART STOP! NO! What are you doing?\" Angel shrieked. \"He has been begging for it.\" Black heart replied, his deadly eyes never once leaving Kofi's spasming body. \"I am merely fulfilling his death wish.\" \"Let go of him!\" Angel screamed, tears starting to pool in her eyes. \"I said let him go NOW!\" Blackheart didn't seem to take any notice of her frantic pleas. Kofi was almost drained. He had stopped seizing, his skin was turning an awful shade of blue. \"BLACKHEART!\" she shouted. Blackheart seemed to snapped out of his rage trance. He looked at Angle a confused expression playing on hi s pale face..He looked back at Kofi, his human face resurfacing and simply dropped his. Kofi's almost unconscious body hit the floor with a thud. Angel collapsed beside him. She jerked and slapped his face calling his name trying to keep him conscious, genuinely concerned and afraid for her friend His bones was showing throw his bluish icy cold skin and he was barely breathing. Tears streaked down her cheeks. she looked up at blackheart \"Fix him!\" She demanded. Blackheart sat down beside her without a word, his face expressionless. He reached out and touched Kofi's forehead and instantly his body seemed to revive. Before Angel could say anything else he was gone. Angel looked around trying to find him but finally turned her attention to Kofi who by now had shot up and stood in a defensive position as if expecting another attack. Angel stood up too, feeling guilty for what happened to him just now. Kofi finally con convinced that blackheart was gone turned to face a dejected and tired Angel. H reached out for her but Angel was on her guard this time. She firmly turned him away. \"Kofi I am very sorry for what just happened. But I want you to understand that I love him. Not you. You are a friend to me. And I am very sorry if I never gave you the impression that I wanted something more between us.\" Kofi started to say something but Angel stopped him. \"Please don't say anything.\" Sh said. \"But Angel i...\" \"I am sorry. But I think you should leave.\" She said sternly, looking away. Kofi looked at her for her while, his face expressionless. Finally her sighed like a lost man. \"I never thought you would ditch me for a demon,\" Kofi said, a hint of crack in his voice. \"Thanks.\" He left without another word, slamming the door behind his. That loud bang of the door broke all the restraints in Angel and she crashed to the floor sobbing earnestly. I hope you liked it... do let me know what you think... Besides all my readers can connect with me on my facebook account \"Sumita Sarkar\"... This is specially for my annonymous readers... :D enjoy and stay tuned for more... Toodles.. :D - Sugar[Chapter 11] First some votes of thanks- :D Egyptian Warrior bumblewolf JKiloveyou5 A reader Drawerfan shadowsteed IHeartArt Strifeforlife Wow Anonymous Jade Kerryna BADAZZtoldya andhewillneverknow teamXtrek GothicFaery94 milerz the narwall InAMoment .Black LokiLover Hydra42 Digimon Emperor X And all the Guest reviewers who didn't leave thier names Thank You again for you support... :D Its kind of a small chapter... Hope you like it... and i hope you friend won't hate me for this JKiloveyou5... :P Read on... Why? Why? Why? Why him? Why not me? He is not even human. She chose a demon over me. The night was crying. Clouds enveloped the night panorama. A storm was growing. Both inside and out. The merciless wind shrieked. The tree swayed and danced like evil shadows. It wasn't a night for humans. Only evil spirits surfaced in these nights to dance the death. Neither heaven nor earth was at peace tonight. Dark shadows played over the walls where the street lights flickered like lone sentinels in this cold night. Darkness spread all around like a smooth swamp waiting ever so patiently for a victim. A small glow could be seen. The revving of a powerful engine could be heard. A flash of red was visible. Kofi kept a firm grip on his accelerator. The speedometer showed a steady rise. \"Why?\" He screamed inside his head. Tears and rain blurred his vision. But he kept moving. He had no idea where he was going. But he was that he was going somewhere far from this maddening city, far away from her. Angel. The straight road of the city vanished and the zig-zag countryside road appears under the zooming wheels of his bike. He snaked his way through the streets. Soon his only source of light, the headlight of his bike gave away. It flickered like a candle in the wind and finally the surrounding drenched into the smooth darkness. But he wasn't going to stop. Rather he pushed his bike to its limits. He closed his eyes and growled. The sound rose from his heart and came out as a cry. All the pain he felt tried to surface out but it was too much. He screamed again. His howl reverberated into the night. \"Pity.\" A voice said very close to his ears. He opened his eyes and saw a man standing few feet in front of his raging bike.. On instincts he hit the brakes and turned as hard as he could. His bike took a sharp cut. The suddenly maneuver threw him of the bike and sent him flying into the air. He saw his bike spin under him. It was as if everything happened in slow motion. His body swayed in the in the air like a ragged doll and landed head on into the slippery muddy ground bounced twice and skidded till he collided with a road side tree. A deadly stillness fell over the surrounding. The howl of the wind stopped but the rain intensified and grew chilly like drops of ice cold water. \"You are no use to me dead. Get up!.\" A commanding voice echoed. Kofi's lifeless body limp and still. Motion or movement was visible, not even breathing. Suddenly, the body screamed and thrashed. Pain shot through Kofi's body. Every muscle, every cell of his being writhed with unconditional pain and burning. Muddled thoughts came into his head. The rain, the voice, the crash, the man. The man. \"I can't be alive.\" He thought, thinking about how he crashed into the ground. Slowly he opened his eyes. Everything was blurry and red. Slowly his vision cleared. Rain and darkness came to his view. He tried to lift his head and look around. This didn't look like the underworld. It definitely wasn't heaven. It was the same place where he had crashed. Then he noticed something. The complete absence of pain in his body. He looked down at himself. Slowly, gradually, he stood up. There wasn't a scratch on his body. Not a single drop of blood. He looked around in awe. The tree was there. The constant rain. Everything. Only, he was alive. Which was absolutely impossible after that nasty crash. Alive? Tha was a serious understatement. Not even an abrasion was visible on him. He stood looking down at himself, thinking about his situation. \"How the hell am i alive?\" he thought. \"Because i will it.\" A voice boomed. Kofi turned. There was no one. He turned back to see an old man standing in front of him. He looked at him for a while. There was something about him. Something very uncanny. Kofi kept staring at him. He wasn't someone he knew. Not by face at least. But his aura... it was so... familiar. Suddenly every memory of that unholy night came back to him. Ten years ago, that ghastly night, when the king of hell had approached him. \"Ah...\" The old man smiled, \"You remember.\" Kofi tensed up. \"Who are you?\" He asked although in his heart he knew the answer. Mephistopheles laughed. \"I will say what i have said to you before.\" He circled him like a vicious predator playing with his pray before piercing his teeth into its neck. \"Just a well wisher and i wish to help.\" Kofi shivered and yet it wasn't because of the rain. The stagnant air was suffocating him. He looked straight ahead trying to stay calm and was failing badly. \"Then you know my answer.\" He said in as steady a voice he could muster. \"It was no ten years ago. Its no now.\" \"I heard about your... tragedy, Kofi.\" he said, ignoring Kofi's words. \"Its a pity. To be rejected by the girl you love. And to see a wretched demon take your place. Such a... Pity... \" Kofi froze in his spot. \"She pushes away your advances with disgust but doesn't hesitate to walk into a demon's arms.\" Mephistopheles walked up close behind him and whispered into his ears. \" Pity. ..\" his voice rang of a thousand suffering souls. Kofi tried fruitlessly to stop himself from shivering. \"You try to adore her and she pushes you away but doesn't think twice to lay herself down at a demon's feet. Pity... \" \"A simple kiss and she runs out, disgusted at your touch and now she writhes happily in a demon's arms, lustfully ecstatic while you throw away your life at an isolate countryside with no one to cry over your lifeless body.\" Pity... Voices rose from the heart of the night. It was as if the all of nature was singing with the Devil, teasing, taunting, laughing at Kofi. An unholy, cruel, mocking laugh engulfed the air. Even through the chill of the night, Kofi's blood boiled. Veins around his neck and temple popped up. \"ENOUGH!\" he screamed. Everything heeded his command. A deadly silence fell over the panorama, as if the gunk of the underworld crawled into the holes and pits of the darkness, tentatively peeking out for an opportunity. \"What do you want?\" Kofi asked, his anger giving him a sudden boost of boldness. \"Blackheart's head.\" Mephistopheles said, unperturbed, calm. \"In return of?\" He asked again. \"Angel's heart.\" Mephistopheles smiled. \"And the collateral?\" Kofi asked, even though he knew the answer. The devil smiled even broadly this time. \" Your soul... \" The die was cast. It was time to wait. Kofi looked at him for a while, measuring his choice. \"All you have to do...\" the devil said, brandishing a parchment and handing it to him. \" is sign...\" Frankly speaking I don't like the new selection box that ppl updated... took me one whole evening to understand and work out... *sigh* anyways... i worked it out... and here my story is... i hope you guys are enjoying it... And I am kinda breaking by promise here but i want to keep up the suspense of the story.. :P So... i won't be updating it in one day... :P Forgive me... heeheehee... :P Oh one more thing... every reviewer gets an oven fresh chocolate chip cookie(*) :D... Toodles... -Sugar :D[Chapter 12] I am back after braving yet another Engineering Entrance Examination... 2 down... 7 More to go... *sigh* I am so tired and beat... Yet for you guys... Just for you guys... Here's another chapter... I am getting nervous again whether Blackheart is out of charecter... to tell me about it... waiting intently for your reviews and PMs... :) Well read on... The clock was ticking lazily. The curtains were floating in the lovely summer breeze that flew in through the window. The night grew deeper with each tick of the clock. The city was asleep. But Angel was awake. Wide awake. She lay in her bed entangled in the sheets, curled up into a ball. Drops of tear trickled down her cheek silently. Her breath hitched sometimes trying to contain herself from screaming out in agony. Years back when she came to this city she didn't know a single face. Only one person had come forward with an extended hand. She had lost that person today. She felt immensely guilty for what had happened. Kofi loved her. But she loved Blackheart. She knew there was no other way in which his could have ended but she wished there was. She curled tighter, biting into the sheets holding herself back from sobbing. Suddenly two strong arms embraced her from behind. She didn't have to be told who it was. She pushed back into blackheart's chest pulling his arms around herself and started sobbing earnestly. She felt his face in her hair, his chilly breathe tickling her ear. \"I ...\" he started to say. But he sighed and was quiet for a while. \"Actually i am not one bit sorry for what i did.\" he said truthfully. \"I stood quietly for many indecent approaches he made to you, hoping you would be able to settle things on your own. I stepped in when the situation turned nasty.\" Angel stifled a sob and turned to face him. Sh hugged him tightly pushing her her face into his chest. A hint of smile was visible on Blackheart's face as he wound his arms more tightly around his Angel. There intertwined bodies made small adjustments with each other. An arm here, a leg there so that they could hold each other as close a possible. They lay quietly for a while like two pieces of a puzzle fitting snugly together. \"I love you Angel.\" Blackheart said patting her head.\" And I will protect you till there is breath in my body. And anybody who tries to hurt you will have theirs snuffed out of there sorry lungs.\" \"No...\" was all Angel could respond. Blackheart sighed \"Let me tell you something my love. I don't regret what i did today. I only regret that i couldn't finish what i stared.\" Angel looked up at him, pain pain and grief etched across her face. \"Don't say that.\" She said. \"I am demon. The most vicious of our kind. What more can you expert from me?\"Blackheart said tenderly stroking her cheek. Angel couldn't rely. She his he face in his chest and started sobbing earnestly. Blackheart placed his chin on her head and smiled sadly. He let her cry for a while. He had seen sometimes how shedding these drops of water soothed a human's pain. If that was true he rather have Angel cry till she was satisfied than sooth or console her. \"Wishing you never met me in San Venganza?\" Blackheart asked after a while. In reply he felt Angel punch his chest. \"Shut up\" She croaked. Blackheart chuckled. \"You ought to.\" Soon his chest was peppered by Angels punches. He couldn't even feel it but by the looks of the effort she was putting into it, it would have actually hurt a human. He chuckled and grabbed her hands fixing her to her spot. Her eyes were still full to the brim but now dejection was replaced by anger. He knew he had hurt her. He was truly joking, attempting to lighten the mood, but his jest served just the opposite. Her thoughts were loud and clear despite the storm in her chest. Through all the turmoil he never once picked up any second thoughts she had about them. In fact unconsciously she wished he was there to comfort her. That is when he had manifested himself. \"I hate you.\" She said after a while. Blackheart smiled. \"Do you?\" he asked, raising an eyebrow. Angel just glared at him for a while. Then freeing herself from his grip she snuggled into his chest once more a bit calmer that before. Blackheart happily complied and went back to quietly stroking her hair. Silence ensued for a while with nothing but the wind whispering and the curtains dancing. The deep prussian blue of night sky had turned a slight violet from the glare of the city. \"I love you.\" Angel said after a while, her voice soft and croaky. \"I know.\" Blackheart. Soon another sound joined in with all the soothing sounds of a peaceful summer night. The whisper of wind, the dancing curtains, the soft booming buzzing of a metropolitan night and the sound of a clam breathing. The sound of a sleeping Angel. The sound that calmed Blackheart immensely. A sound that eased his so much that for the first time in his life he found himself closing his eyes and drifting into warm, peaceful void that the humans called sleep. No one heard the distant rumble of a growing storm... Good? Bad? Okay Okayish? Lemme know... Big thanks to Karryna and Shadowsteed for their lovely reviews... :D Hoping to hear from you guys more... Stay tuned for more... ~Sugar :D P.S All my friends from India- Have you seen the movie \"Commando\" released this april? Do let me know wat you think of Vidyut Jamwal... :D For those who wanna read something about him, lemme know... I have a fanfic written about him but I just can't find a place to share... Bugger! ","Summary":" My first Long story. My very own! Well, i don't own ghost rider(of course) but my very own none the"},{"Movie":"Dracula Untold","Title":"Solace","Author":"Ashelonimacaroni","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10808920","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Solace Chapter I Two Weeks before the events of Dracula Untold \"My Lady, you need to start pushing!\" the young handmaiden exclaimed. Princess Mirena, the wife of Prince Vlad was giving birth to their second child. \"That is very good, My Lady. One more push and the child will be here.\" the young handmaiden said to the princess. Mirena pushed with all the strength she had left. The final push echoed throughout the castle, which was followed by the soft crying of an infant. The princess looked up and saw her handmaiden cleaning her new born baby. \"What is it?\" Mirena asked with shortened breath. The handmaiden smiled down at the infant and then, at her princess and answered \"It is a girl, My Lady.\" She handed Mirena her infant daughter. Mirena smiled down at her baby girl. Then, she started to laugh and cry. \"My very own little princess.\" Mirena said to herself, stroking her baby's cheek. \"Excuse me, My Lady. Would you like me to retrieve your husband?\" asked the handmaiden sitting next to Mirena. She secretly was sniping a piece of Mirena's hair off. \"Oh…yes, please.' Mirena answered being snapped out of the trance that was her beautiful daughter. \"Is mother going to be alright?\" the young Ingeras asked his father. Vlad looks down at his son and smiles. \"Your mother is just fine.\" Vlad said convincing not just his son but himself that nothing was wrong. In the back of Vlad's mind, he was worried for his beloved wife. One year ago, Mirena had given birth to a stillborn baby boy. Mirena had been in a depression till she had found out she was pregnant again nine months ago. When she had told him that she was with child, Vlad had been happy for her. Mirena had returned to her normal self. The last few months, Vlad had seen a glimmer of happiest in Mirena he had never seen in her before. Then, the last twenty-fours had become Vlad's personal hell. The screams of his wife were the worst screams Vlad had ever heard. When, Vlad could not take it anymore, a small cry was heard through the castle. Vlad smiled and thanked god quietly to himself. Still, no one had come in to inform him on how his wife and new child were doing. What if something happened to his child? Or worse what if something happened to his beloved Mirena? \"Father?\" Ingeras, Vlad's son asked him. \"Yes, Ingeras.\" Vlad answered smiling down at his son. \"Do you think the baby is a boy or a girl?\" he asked his father. Vlad chuckled and said \"As long as the baby is healthy, that is all that matters to me.\" Hiding his worry from his son. Just than one of Mirena's handmaidens knocked on the door. Vlad looked at the handmaiden and asked \"How is my wife?\" The handmaiden smiled and answered the prince \"The princess is fine, my prince.\" Vlad sighed in relief than asked \"And the baby?\" She answered, again \"A healthy beautiful baby girl, my prince.\" \"I have a sister.\" Ingeras said to his father in excitement. \"We have our very own little princess\" Vlad told his son. \"May I go see my wife?\" Vlad asked the handmaiden. \"Yes, you may, my prince.\" the handmaiden answered. \"Can I come?\" asked Ingeras. Vlad turned to his son and said \"Why don't you try to get some sleep? You can meet your baby sister tomorrow, alright?\" \"Alright?\" Ingeras said and lied down in his bed. Vlad kissed his son on the forehead and wished him a goodnight. \"Stay with him until he falls asleep.\" Vlad told the handmaiden. \"As you wish, my prince.\" the handmaiden replied \"Mirena\" Vlad called his beloved wife in their room. Mirena looked up from her baby girl to see Vlad standing in the doorway. \"Vlad.\" Mirena said softly smiling at her beloved husband. Vlad walked over to the bed and kissed his wife. He looked at his wife and asked \"How are you?\" Mirena smiled and stroked her husband's cheek. \"I am perfectly fine. Would you like to hold your daughter?\" Mirena asked Vlad smiled at Mirena and then, looked at the bundle in her arms. \"Of course.\" Vlad answered. Mirena handed the baby over to Vlad. She watched Vlad's face as he looked upon his daughter for the first time. \"What should we name her?\" Vlad asked Mirena smiled and answered \"I was thinking…Elena, after your mother.\" Vlad smiled and kissed his wife, again. \"How about Elena Mirena?\" Vlad asked his wife Mirena looked at her husband and asked \"My name? Why my name?\" Vlad looked at his daughter and explained \"So, she can have a part of her grandmother and her mother with her always.\" Mirena looked at her daughter in Vlad arms. \"Elena Mirena. Elena Mirena. I like it.\" Mirena said smiling at her husband in approval. Mirena's handmaiden had stayed in Ingeras like Prince Vlad had asked her. Ingeras had fallen to sleep a couple minute after his father left. The handmaiden checked to make sure the young boy was sleep. After, checking the handmaiden went over to the fire place and threw a piece of Mirena's hair that she had cut off earlier and a blood stained piece of silk into the fire. Then, the fire began to spark three times. Deep in the woods near the castle. There is a small cabin. Inside lies an ancient powerful witch, named Baba Yaga. Baba Yaga watches her fire spark three times. She smiles wickedly and starts to laugh. \"So, she is finally here. The White Witch has been born into this world, again.\" She says laughing watching the fire continue to spark more and more.[Chapter 2] Solace Chapter II Two weeks after the birth of baby Elena Prince Vlad returns to the castle after losing two good men from his search party earlier that morning. Vlad arrives in his son's room. He sees his wife and son playing. \"Father! I've missed you.\" Ingeras exclaims seeing his father come into the room. Ingeras runs and jumps in his father's arms. \"I've missed you too. My great soldier.\" Vlad said \"Papa, can we go riding tomorrow?\" he asked his father. \"Of course we can.\" telling his son, while putting him to bed. \"I don't think so\" Mirena said \"Why not?\" Vlad and Ingeras asked \"Because tomorrow we celebrate that is our resurrected Lord.\" informing her husband and son. \"Course.\" the two said \"What we call Easter and it is Elena's baptism, as well.\" she said, as she left the room. \"Oh, how could we forget?\" Vlad told his son and the two laughed. Later on that night \"Are you going to tell me what happened today? Wolves?\" Mirena asked her husband \"I think so. I just know that today I lost two good men.\" Vlad said \"There is something else.\" Mirena said \"I was the same age as Ingeras when I was delivered to the Turks. To fight for their interests. If I'd never see one, I would be happy.\" Vlad said changing for the night Mirena turned from her mirror and said \"You're home now. Almost as if you were not gone long.\" \"I just want to live in peace with you and our children, that's all.\" Vlad told his wife Before Mirena could reply to what Vlad had just said there was a knock on their bedroom doors. \"Come in.\" Vlad said The doors open to relieve the wet nurse holding Elena \"I am sorry to interrupted, but she just won't fall asleep.\" The wet nurse said sounding and looking exhausted Mirena smiled and walked over to the wet nurse and she took Elena from her. \"You are dismissed.\" Mirena told the nurse. The Nurse sighed in relief and left the room. \"Now why aren't you going to sleep?\" Mirena asked her little girl. Elena gurgled at her mother making her laugh. Mirena walks around the room, then she tries to rock her to sleep. Still, Elena is wide wake staring at her mother. \"Let me try.\" Vlad said Mirena hands Elena to Vlad. Vlad starts humming a lullaby that his mother used to sing him when he was young. A few minutes later, Elena is fast asleep in her father's arms. Deep within the castle The wet nurse had finished her meal and was walking back into the nursery, when she heard footsteps behind her. She turned around, where the footsteps were coming from and there was no one there. \"Hello.\" said the wet nurse in the darkness of the halls \"Is anyone there?\" she asked With no reply the wet nurse continues on the nursery. As she continues on the footsteps could be heard again. The wet nurse turned around quickly and as she turns she could in the darkness someone or something running towards her. Before she could scream the wet nurse was cut down. The wet nurse's body was thrown from the castle by no other than Baba Yaga. Before Baba Yaga disposed of the wet nurse's body, she pulled a strand of the dead woman hair. She put the strand of hair in vial with liquid already inside. Baba Yaga drinks the liquid and her features begin to change. Baba Yaga swiftly walked to the nursery and she notices a mirror hanging on the wall. Her features had changed into that of the wet nurse. The witch walked over to the bassinet and peered inside. Inside laid a peacefully sleeping Elena. She smiled wickedly down at the baby. Baba Yaga stroked Elena cheek and said \"It is a pleasure to finally meet you, My Lady White Witch.\" With that Elena woke up and stared at the woman above her bassinet and gurgled at her. End of Chapter II[Chapter 3] Solace Chapter III The Next Morning Early Easter morning, Mirena arrives into the nursery to help the wet nurse prepare Elena for her baptism. Mirena walks over to Elena's bassinet carrying a knit blanket she had just finished for her daughter. The blanket was white with lavender bows on the edges and in the left hand corner of the blanket Elena Mirena was snitched in. As Mirena peered into the bassinet to see her baby girl, she had a funny feeling in her chest. Elena was not in her bassinet. \"Nurse.\" Mirena says through the room. \"Nurse.\" she says a little louder \"Nurse!\" she yells, but still no answer. Then, Mirena starts to panic \"Vlad!\" Mirena screams throughout the castle. After, Mirena screams his name; Vlad rushes into the nursery and see Mirena in a panic. \"Mirena, What is it? What is wrong?\" he asked grasping a hold of his wife's shoulders. Vlad finally gets Mirena to calm down so she can explain why she is in a panic. \"I came in her to help the nurse prepare Elena for today. I peered inside the bassinet and Elena wasn't in there. So, I called the wet nurse three times. She did not answer Vlad. What if she took her? What I the Turks came and took her?\" Mirena said starting to cry Vlad listened to his wife, but could not bear to see her cry was about to call the guards. When the wet nurse appeared holding a sleeping Elena. Mirena rushes over and takes the sleeping Elena from the wet nurse's arms. She cradles Elena in her arms and kisses her forehead. Vlad smiles seeing his wife hold their daughter, again. He then turns to the nurse furious. Vlad exclaims \"Why didn't you come when Mirena was screaming for you.\" The wet nurse just nods her head. \"I did her my Prince, but I was preparing the little princess for her baptism.\" The nurse explained. \"Vlad was about to shout at the wet nurse, but Mirena put a hand on his shoulder. He turned to look at his wife and Mirena shook her head 'No'. \"I am sorry and thank you for preparing Elena. You will not be needed until after the baptism. You are dismissed.\" Mirena said to the nurse. The wet nurse bowed to Mirena and Vlad and left the nursery, Mirena wraps Elena in her knit blanket and turns to her husband. \"Vlad. Don't be angry with the nurse. Ever since Elena was born, I have been getting this feeling something is going to happen. I'm scared we will lose these peaceful times with our children.\" Mirena explains Vlad kisses Mirena and then kisses Elena's forehead. \"Do not worry, my love. If anything were to happen, I will protect you and our children.\" declaring to Mirena The couple with their daughter leaves for the church. Unseen, the wet nurse watches the happy couple leave. The wet nurse grabs a vial from under her apron and observes the object inside. Inside was a piece of Elena's hair. The wet nurse smiles wickedly. From the shadows one of the maids that helped deliver Elena into the world appears. \"I see from your smile you retrieved a strand of the little princess's hair?\" the maid asked \"Yes, of course I did. Take this to the others and tell them to prepare for the spell.\" The nurse said handing the maid the vial. \"Baba Yaga, something is coming I can sense it\" the maid said \"Yes. I can sense it, too. The Old One is about to be released from his cave. That is way we will be sending The White Witch far away for her own well-being. Now, go!\" Baba Yaga said \"Of course, Baba Yaga.\" The maid said and left from where she came. Baba Yaga looks at herself in the mirror and said \"Not yet, but soon. Very soon.\" End of Chapter III[Chapter 4] Solace Chapter IV After the Baptism Mirena smiles down at Elena and says \"You did so well, my little princess.\" Elena looks at her mother and gives her a smile. \"Not one little peep. You did very well, my little Elena. Not like your big brother.\" Vlad says and kisses his daughter on the forehead. \"Did I cry, Father?\" Ingeras asked \"Oh, did you ever!\" Vlad exclaims Mirena smiles and says \"The only person that was able to get you to stop crying was your grandmother, Elena.\" \"That is who Elena is named after.\" Ingeras said \"Yes.\" Vlad said \"Where is she?\" asked Ingeras \"She died when you were still a baby.\" Vlad said sounding a bit sad at the memory of his mother. Then, the wet nurse walks into the hall and bows to her prince and princess. \"I am here to retrieve the little one, my prince.\" The wet nurse said Mirena looked down at her little girl and then at the wet nurse. \"Mother, will see you soon, my little princess.\" Mirena told her daughter and she handed Elena over to the wet nurse. Mirena watches as the wet nurse leaves with her daughter. Vlad holds Mirena's hand and asked \"What is wrong, my love?\" Mirena looks at Vlad and says \"I really do not know, but I feel there is something going on that we don't know about.\" \"Mother's intuition?\" Vlad asks Mirena and the two laugh. The doors open to the grand hall and Vlad and Mirena are greeted by the smiling faces of their people. Many of them still congratulating the couple on Elena's birth. One of Vlad's most loyal soldiers Dumitru stood up. \"My fellow Transylvanians! Let's Toast! For ten years of peace and prosperity since our prince has been home.\" he says Then, he raises his glass to Vlad \"My old friend, here is to another twenty years.\" Vlad nods and smiles at his friend as everyone claps in approval. He smiles at Mirena who smiles back at him. During the Easter Feast Vlad and Mirena sit at the high table in the grand hall with Vlad's advisor and Mirena's most trusted handmaiden. Vlad holds Mirena's hand and whispers in her ear \"I could not be happier than I am right now.\" Mirena smiles brightly at her husband and kisses him on the cheek. She whispers in his ear \"Me, too.\" Suddenly the grand hall doors burst open, revealing a Turkish troop. Vlad stands up and greeting the familiar Turks \"Hamza Bey, welcome. We were not expecting you so soon.\" Hamaz bows to Vlad and says \"The Sultan Mehmed II sends greetings to you and your son. He also sends his congratulates on your new born daughter.\" Vlad nods \"Thank you. I have the Sultan's tribute prepared.\" Behind the Turkish troops two servants came into the grand hall carrying a chest with gold pieces inside. Hamza looks at the chest and then turns back to Vlad \"It is not just his tribute to be discussed.\" He stated Vlad sits down and states \"Turkey has no enemies here.\" \"Did you not think we would notice the missing battalion?\" he said to Vlad Vlad answered \"I have not slain them.\" Hamza starts speaking in Turkish \"It still lives in you, Lord Impaler. Locked in a dark cage, hiding.\" Vlad says furiously \"The tribute to the Sultan. Take it and leave.\" He smirks at Vlad and says \"There is something else. The Sultan wants a thousand boys to join his armies.\" The Prince answers back \"No.\" \"Never\" someone yells in the grand hall. \"If a solider is recruited as a child and is educated, only in this life. They will kill without question and die without complaint. Every boy of 15 or older will be fighting in Hungary. Boys 10 to 14 will prepare for the siege of Vienna. The Sultan expects law-abiding. After all, it was your father who gave you up without a fight.\" Hamza announces to the grand hall. Vlad stands and slams hid fist in the table \"Do you know who I am?\" he yells. Hamza smirks and says \"You mean who you were. You have no army and no choice, prince. Follow our orders, or experience the consequences.\" Just as quickly as the Turks arrived, they left. In the Nursery The maid had just returned from her task, when she had heard what transpired. \"Baba Yaga.\" she screamed into the nursery. Baba Yaga appears in front of her and slaps her. \"Do not scream out my name here.\" she tells the maid \"I am sorry, Baba Yaga, but something has happened.\" the maid said holding her cheek. \"What has happened?\" she asked \"The Turks have asked for a thousand boys.\" she told Baba Yaga looks at the maid \"Tell me what did the prince say and what did the Turks say?\" she asked again. \"The prince said 'no'. The Turks said there would be consequences if their orders were not followed.\" The maid answered. \"So. It has begun.\" Baba Yaga said \"What has begun?\" the maid asked \"Our mission to protect The White Witch.\" Baba Yaga said walking over to the bassinet and stared down at a wide eyed Elena. End of Chapter IV[Chapter 5] Solace Chapter V Later that night \"Time for bed, my great solider.\" Vlad told his son as he helped him to bed. \"What does it mean to be a royal hostage?\" Ingeras asked his father. \"It means to…\" Vlad could not think of what it meant. All Vlad could think of was the pain he had endured as a child. \"Were you a royal hostage?\" Ingeras asked \"Yes. My father gave me to the Sultan, and showed his loyalty.\" he told his son \"Were you afraid?\" his son asked \"I wanted to make my father proud.\" Vlad said \"Do you need to give me away to the Sultan?\" he asked Vlad smiled sadly at his son and said \"That was a long time ago. You do not need to worry. Do you understand?\" Ingeras shook his head 'yes' \"Good.\" Vlad said and kissed his son goodnight. Vlad walked to his and Mirena's bedroom and saw Mirena sitting on their bed cradling their daughter in her arms. \"How is she?\" Vlad asked walking over to the bed. Mirena looked up at Vlad \"She is wide awake.\" she said. She handed Elena over to Vlad. He looked down at his daughter. Vlad was trying to picture, what his children's futures would be like. Every time he tried to picture it would be red. Vlad sat down next to Mirena and tried to rock Elena to sleep. \"You said you were once like brothers. Maybe if you ask the Sultan, he will show his mercy.\" Mirena said to Vlad \"Tomorrow. I will go tomorrow.\" Vlad told his wife Mirena smiled at Vlad and kiss him. She looked down and saw that Elena was fast asleep. \"I can't believe she falls asleep so easily for you.\" she said laughing quietly. \"She knows her father will always be there for her.\" Vlad laughed quietly back. Mirena's Dream It was a cold day. Across from me was Elena, but she was older, eighteen or nineteen. I still could not believe how very beautiful my daughter was. Elena's smooth, long straight dark brown hair blew in the wind. Covering her oval tear stained face. She was scared to leave us behind. Who were the others? I walked to her and reach for my daughter to kiss her forehead. Telling her, she was going to be okay and come back for us. After I let her go, Elena looked like she had found the courage to turn her back on us all. Leaving until she could save us all. Who were all the others? Mirena awoke and noticed that Vlad had left. She wrapped herself in a robe and walked to the nursery. Inside the nursery, Mirena walked in to see Ingeras peering into the bassinet. Mirena walked over and hugged her son. Ingeras smiled at his mother. \"What are you doing up this early?\" Mirena asked her son \"I watched father leave. Then, I wanted to check on Elena.\" answering his mother Mirena smiled at her son and looked down at her daughter, who was still fast asleep. \"Well, as you and I can see Elena is still fast asleep. Why don't you get ready for the day and get some breakfast.\" she said to Ingeras \"Alright. Are you coming?\" Ingeras asked \"I will come in a little while.\" Mirena said and kissed her son. Ingeras ran out of the room. Mirena picked up her daughter and stared at her sleeping face. \"Let hope Vlad can convince the Sultan to show his mercy so, you and your brother can have a peaceful childhood together.\" She told her sleeping daughter. Just then, the wet nurse arrived. \"Good Morning, my princess.\" uttered the wet nurse. \"Good Moring.\" Mirena replied back \"I am here to prepare the little one for the day.\" The wet nurse said Mirena looked down at her daughter. Elena was starting to wake up, but was still fighting to stay asleep. \"Alright\" she said and handed her daughter over to the wet nurse. Mirena watched the wet nurse take Elena away and she got a strange feeling in the pit of her stomach. She ignored it and went back to her room to prepare for the day as well. Later that Afternoon One of Vlad's loyal soldiers returned to the castle and informed Mirena that he Ingeras were to get into the carriage to meet with Vlad. The strange feeling from this morning retuned to the pit of Mirena's stomach. \"Mother, why does father want us to come meet him?\" asked Ingeras Mirena answered \"I don't know, Ingeras?\" The two stepped into the carriage and headed off to meet Vlad. Looking on from the window was Baba Yaga holding Elena. \"It is about to begin. In three days' time you will far away from here, little one.\" she told Elena who was gurgling at her. End of Chapter V[Chapter 6] Solace Chapter VI Earlier That Day Vlad and his small arrived at the Turkish camp. \"I am here to speak with the Sultan.\" Vlad announced to the camp. One of the Generals led Vlad to the Sultan's tent. Inside the Sultan was straitening's with his generals. The Sultan looked up from the table \"Lord Impaler!\" greeting Vlad. \"Sultan\" Vlad said bowing his head \"Lord Impaler, old friend of mine. I miss these times together.\" the Sultan said sipping his coffee. \"The only thing I miss is the coffee.\" Vlad said chuckling a bit making the Sultan chuckle. \"It is true that my father's palace was a cruel place for a small child, but ultimately you talked like us, prayed like us, and was fighting as us.\" The Sultan said \"Brother…\" Vlad said \"I still get thousand boys. Why are they not here yet?\" he asked \"Mehmend, brother. I want to…\" Vlad said, but was stopped by Mehmend \"I need troop's brother\" Mehmend stated Vlad stood up and said \"Take me. You know I am worth more than thousand boys.\" Mehmend checked and said \"Kings would tremble if they knew this\" \"Then accept my offer\" Vlad says Mehmend answered quiet quickly \"I did like fighting together when we were young. Now, that I am Sultan, I want my thousand boys. Plus one extra. Your son will be brought up under my roof. Like you, when you were raised by my father. You can keep your throne. General Ismail will see that my orders are obeyed.\" \"Please. Do not do this.\" Vlad pleaded \"So what is one son? I heard you just had another child, a girl if I am right. You are virile; you can make many more sons.\" Mehmend said and with that left Vlad. That Afternoon The carriage arrived that had Mirena and Ingeras inside. When the carriage stopped Mirena came out first and saw Vlad with Turkish soldiers behind him. Mirena ran over him and yelled \"You promised this would never happen. The day when you asked for my hand, do you remember what I told you?\" Vlad answered sadly \"You replied 'no'\" \"I knew what happened with you when you were taken away from your matter. You told me everything would be different. That I could trust you if I loved you\" Mirena yelled \"And I love you. Trust me.\" Vlad said to Mirena Behind him, the Turkish soldiers were saying \"The big Impaler cannot please his woman.\" Laughing Mirena yells at Vlad \"I will not let them disrupt my family.\" Dumitru tries to take Mirena back to the carriage \"Do not touch me\" she yells at him \"I will not allow it.\" She yells again and hugs Ingeras Ingeras yells \"I'll go. I can do this.\" Ingeras ran over to his father and the two walked over to the Turks. \"Are you proud of me?\" Ingeras asked his father \"Of course, I am.\" Vlad answered Vlad and Ingeras stood in front of the Turks. \"You have made a wise decision. Although, I am somewhat disappointed. I expected more resistance.\" the general said Vlad glared at the general then, he kneeled down to Ingeras and whispered \"Run to your mother.\" \"What?\" Ingeras asked looking his father in the eyes. \"Now.\" Vlad said. Ingeras ran to Mirena. Vlad killed every single Turkish soldier there. Vlad's advisor yelled \"Mehmend will penalties all of Transylvania for what you have just done.\" Mirena walked over to Vlad and put her hand on his shoulder. Vlad turned to Mirena and said \"A child has no obligation to defend his country.\" Vlad looks at Dumitru and says \"Bring my family back to the castle.\" \"Mehmend will immediately send troops. The war will come. You cannot protect us.\" Vlad's advisor announced \"I'll find a way.\" Vlad announced and with that he grabbed a horse. \"Vlad, where are you going?\" Dumitru asked \"To Broken Tooth.\" Vlad said and headed to the mountain Back at the Castle Inside the castle Elena's cry could be heard throughout. Baba Yaga walked into the nursery and saw that he mobile above the bassinet spun uncontrollably. \"So, you have sensed it as well.\" Baba Yaga said and took the infant from her bassinet. Elena started carrying worse and the mobile came off and crashed into the window breaking it. She tried rocking Elena to stop her from breaking anything else. \"The war is coming.\" Baba Yaga told her and Elena would still not stop. End of Chapter VI[Chapter 7] Solace Chapter VIII Vlad climbed to where the entrance of the cave was. He pulled out his sword and walked into the cave. Inside was complete darkness. Vlad found a torch on the cavern walls and lit it. He was walked slowly cautious of his surroundings. Then, there was a gust of wind from behind Vlad. He turned around and there was no or anything behind him. After that, there was another gust of wind behind his back. Vlad turned and was scared to see and ancient creature standing in front of him. \"Why have you returned.\" the ancient creature asked Vlad \"I need your help.\" Vlad said watching the ancient creature circling him. \"Most men smell of fear, but I smell hope from you. I also sense a strong presence as well around you.\" the creature said. Vlad took his sword and pointed toward the creature. \"Keep that silver thing away from me.\" the ancient creature said and with the swipe of its hand the sword vaporized. \"What man crawls into his own grave looking for hope?\" the creature asked He answered \"A desperate man. Turkey threatens to destroy my land.\" The creature snickered \"And you want thy power to stop them.\" \"Yes. To protect my people and save my family.\" he said \"How very noble, Lord Impaler. Do you really believe that Dracula. The son of the devil.\" said the creature cunningly \"You are wrong. It means son of the dragon, protector of the innocent.\" Vlad corrected the creature \"\"Do your people know how many innocents you have murdered?\" the creature questioned Vlad Vlad answered with a lie \"Hundreds\" The creature grabbed Vlad by the throat and slammed him into the craven walls. \"If you lie again, I will open thee from stomach to brain… and feed myself with your guts.\" the creature threated \"Thousands\" answering truthfully this time \"What did you feel when they were dead?\" asked the creature \"Shame, disgust, power?\" Vlad said The ancient creature tightened his grip on Vlad's throat and said \"Answer the question.\" Vlad answered \"Nothing. I felt nothing.\" After he answered, Vlad thought he heard an infant cry. \"There is nothing crueler than that. Why waste blood without pleasure?\" the creature asked snapping Vlad out of his trance \"Because sometimes the world doesn't need a hero anymore. What it needs id a monster.\" answered Vlad The creature chuckled \"And you think you know what it is to be a monster? You have no idea, but I will show you. I have been in this place for centuries. I am stuck in this cave, condemned by the one who betrayed me. The White Witch.\" \" The White Witch\" Vlad asked himself \"I've waited a long time for someone with your strength. A man worthy of the dark… If I am your salvation, you are mine.\" the creature said pointing to Vlad Then, the creature grabbed a skull off the ground and smashed it. The creature bit into its wrist and poured its blood into the broken skull. \"Drink, you'll feel my power. You will gain the strength of a hundred men. The velocity of a falling star. Predominant on the night and all of its creatures.\" pointing to the broken skull Vlad asked \"At what price?\" \"Your thirst. Your thirst for human blood will be insatiable, but if you can withstand three days. Then, you will return to your mortal state and maybe save your people.\" answered the creature \"And if I drink human blood?\" Vlad asked The creature smiles wickedly \"The consequences will be worse. I will be liberated. You will be the darkness's vessel, as I am. A scourge on this earth. Destined to destroy all… You love your country even your wife and children.\" I would never…\" Vlad said, but was stopped by the creature \"And I'll be free to let loose my revenge on the one who betrayed me. One day you will serve me, my pawn. In a game of deadly revenge.\" the creature said wickedly \"This is not a game.\" Vlad yelled \"Is there a better way to endure eternity? This is the ultimate game. Light against darkness. Hope against despair.\" the creature says Vlad laughs \"I will disappoint you with pleasure.\" \"Drink\" the creature said pointing to the broken skull Vlad grabbed the broken skull. He looked at the creature, who was smiling wickedly at him. Then, Vlad drank the blood from the broken skull. \"Let the games begin.\" The creature said as it watched Vlad drink the blood He finished drinking the blood and asked the creature \"What now?\" The creature answered \"Now, you will die.\" and with that Vlad started to change. Back at the Castle Mirena and Ingeras arrived at the castle. Once inside Mirena could hear Elena's crying. She ran into the nursery and saw some maids cleaning glass off the floor. \"My princess.\" The wet nurse said Mirena turned around and grabbed Elena from the wet nurse's arms. \"What the hell happened in here?\" Mirena asked angrily \"My princess, the window broke because of a gust of wind.\" The wet nurse said \"Alright. Why is my daughter crying? Did she get hurt when the window broke?\" Mirena asked the wet nurse as she was trying to calm Elena down \"We have feed her, she had slept and she had been changed. The little one just will not stop crying.\" The nurse explained to Mirena Mirena tried to rock Elena back and forth, but she still would not stop. \"My princess, some say that babies can sense a coming danger.\" the wet nurse told Mirena and left the room Mirena looked down at Elena and said \"Let's hope your father finds what he is looking for. To save us all.\" Mirena final got Elena to fall asleep, when Dumitru ran into the nursery. \"The Turks are here.\" he said out of breath End of Chapter VII[Chapter 8] Solace Chapter VIII In the Forest a mile from the castle First Night Vlad awoke to the sound of cannon fire. He looked to the sky and saw bright flashes of light from cannon fire. \"No.\" was all Vlad said as he stood, but as he stood he crushed the boulder next to him. Vlad discover that the ancient creature was telling the truth. His strength had increased. He started running toward the castle, but as he ran he felt himself transform. Vlad had transformed into a flock of bats. He stopped running and then, there was another cannon fire. The prince ran again transforming his whole self into a flock of bats and flying toward the castle. When he final reached the castle, the Turkish army was attacking aggressively. Vlad runs inside the castle. He sprints into the grand hall and sees all his subjects hurt and afraid. The prince looks around trying to find his children and his wife. In a corner he spies Mirena with a bundle in her hands helping an elderly man. Mirena turns around and sees Vlad. She runs over to him with a crying Elena in her arms. \"You're back\" Mirena says and hugs her husband. \"Always.\" Vlad says and kisses her. He looks done at Elena who wiggling around in Mirena's arms and he realizes that it was Elena's cries he heard in the cave. \"Father!\" Ingeras says and runs into his father's arms \"Where have you been?\" Mirena asked Vlad He answered \"Searching for the strength I needed.\" \"Fire!\" could be heard outside the castle and then a cannon shot shook the castle walls. With the shake of the castle walls, Elena would shriek. Vlad puts Ingeras down and exclaims \"A good prince had paid the price for peace, but I give you my word. We will not be defeated. They brought the war in our country. That will come to cost them.\" \"Fire! was heard and the walls shook while Elena shrieked. The prince grew angry hearing his infant daughter shriek. He heads outside to where he Turkish army is firing their cannons. Vlad runs toward a hoard of Turkish soldiers from the army and killed the entire army all single-handedly. Dumitru and the other soldiers run give Vlad aid, but the see Vlad is the only one left alive on the battle field. \"The negotiations have failed. Ask not what happened here tonight. Just know that I do everything possible so that we are safe.\" Vlad said Then, Vlad and his soldiers walk back into the castle. As the walk into the grand hall, Vlad and his soldiers are greeted with cheers. Vlad announces \"We will not be safe if we stay here. We will go to the Cosia Monastery. Prepare to leave.\" \"Why the monastery?\" Dumitru asked \"It is located high in the mountains. Too far for the cannons.\" he answered Mirena walked as Vlad and Dumitru were talking. Vlad said \"This is our best chance of survival.\" looking at his wife. She stared at her husband and said \"Then, we need as little people with us so, our absence is not noticed, Vlad.\" Vlad nodded his head in agreement. Dumitru agreed as well, but Vlad's advisor did not. \"When Mehmed hears what happened here, he will come after us.\" the advisor said \"I hope he does because I am ready to fight against him.\" Vlad said The advisor just shook his head and walked away. Dumitru laughed. Mirena put her back on Vlad's shoulder and told him. I will go pack.\" \"Alright. Why don't you let me hold Elena while you pack.\" he said She agreed and handed Elena over to Vlad. Mirena left. He held his daughter trying to get her to calm down. That was when Vlad noticed the pale white light around Elena. The pale white started to shine brighter and Vlad shut his eyes from the pain. Then, he heard a small snore. He opened his eyes and the pale white light had dimmed. Elena was fast asleep in her father's arms. Vlad smiled down at his daughter, but he wondered what the pale white light was that was around his infant daughter. End of Chapter VIII[Chapter 9] Solace Chapter IX The Next Morning Mirena had awoken in her and Vlad's tent. She saw Vlad curled in a corner shaking. The princess went to try and calm her husband, but he shocked her by grabbing a hold of her wrist. \"Your scars are gone. What happened to you?\" Mirena asked \"I met evil in Broken Tooth.\" he answered \"What?\" she questioned Vlad grabbed a small knife and cut open a part of the tent. When the sun hit Vlad's skin, his skin started to burn away. \"Stop!\" Mirena explained and pulled back into the shaded part of the tent. \"May God punish the one who has done this to you.\" she explained \"This is my choice.\" Vlad said \"Is this the power you were looking for? Why?\" Mirena asked He answered \"Because I sent corpses back to Mehmed, instead of our son.\" With that Elena woke up with a whimper. Mirena went over to the make shift bassinet and picked up her daughter. She tired rocking Elena back to sleep. \"You did this for us?\" she questioned Vlad shook his head 'yes' and said \"In two days I will be restored. I just have to resist.\" Mirena asked \"Resist what?\" Vlad did not answer She exclaimed angrily \"Resist what, Vlad?\" \"The bloodlust.\" he answered sadly Elena whimpered again. Mirena rocked her. \"And if you give in?\" Mirena asked Vlad answered \"Then, I'll stay like this forever.\" \"May God forgive you.\" she said then, Mirena took Vlad's hand and held it tight Elena, who now was wide awake, wiggled in her mother's arm Then, Dumitru said outside the tent \"Vlad. Mehmend and his army are coming closer. We should move out.\" Vlad looked at Mirena and then he looks down at his daughter. \"You have to go to the monastery immediately\" he said \"But, Mehmed's men are close.\" Mirena said Vlad squeezed his wife's hand and said \"Listen to me. I'll get to you after sunset. I promise you.\" The princess kissed her prince and declared \"I love you.\" \"Why don't you let me hold Elena while you get ready?\" Vlad said Mirena looked at her daughter and then at Vlad cautiously \"Mirena? What's wrong?\" he asked She shook her hand and said \"Nothing.\" Mirena handed Elena over to Vlad and left to change quickly. \"I am doing this to protect us all. I will not let any harm come to you ever, my Elena.\" Vlad said Elena gurgled at her father and he noticed his silver ring that he put around his neck was floating. Then, Vlad saw Elena's little hand glowing with the pale white light. Mirena walked back and Elena's hand stopped glowing. Vlad's sliver ring fell back to his chest. She grabbed Elena from Vlad and walked out of the tent. Vlad watched his wife leave with their daughter. He looked baffled. \"My husband agrees with your advice. We will leave now, under your temporary command.\" Mirena said \"What? Where is Vlad going?\" Dumitru asked She answered \"To go and spy on the Turks. He insists that he go himself.\" \"I will not allow it\" Dumitru said \"It is too late. He is already gone.\" Mirena stated Dumitru looked angry and sighed \"Prepare to leave, everyone\" he announced In the distance Two Turks spy the small Transylvanian group from a far. The one soldier looks at the other says \"Tell the Sultan where his enemies are heading.\" In the Woods \"Where is the White Witch, Baba Yaga?\" an elderly woman with boils covering her face asked \"We have two more nights until the spell is ready. She can stay with her family a while longer.\" Baba Yaga answered \"The longer she stays with her family; the chances are that the Old One will find out that his protégé's infant daughter is The White Witch.\" The elderly boiled faced woman stated \"Do not worry.\" The Old One will not find out about her. I will take her away on the third night, my sister.\" Baba Yaga said With that she left toward the monastery to wait for the third night. End of Chapter IX[Chapter 10] Solace Chapter X \"Listen. We're almost there.\" Dumitru said Mirena smiles seeing the monastery not so far away. In her arms, Elena wiggles her blanket that her mother had covered her to protect from the cold night. Then, suddenly an arrow came from the dark forest. A Turkish troop came from the forest. \"Cover the rear!\" Dumitru hollered to the small band of Transylvanians. Mirena grabbed Ingeras and pulled him closer to her and she held Elena closer to her chest. \"Mirena. This way!\" Dumitru said to Mirena and she followed him to toward the monastery. Then, one of the Turkish soldiers stopped in front of Dumitru, Mirena and the children. Dumitru and the Turkish soldier fought. \"Did the Turks teach you nothing? I saw the direction of your sword...\" and with that Dumitru fell and was bleeding. Mirena handed Elena over to Ingeras and told her son \"Ingeras take your sister and run.\" Ingeras ran off into the other direction with Elena. \"Where is your prince now?\" he soldier told Mirena as she backed away Then, Vlad appeared in front of Mirena and scared the Turkish soldier making him falls off the cliff. Vlad turned around \"Mirena?\" he asked Mirena ran to Vlad and hugged him and said \"It's good. It's good.\" She looked to where Dumitru laid. Vlad walked over to where his fall friend lay. \"Goodbye, my friend.\" Vlad said and his oldest friend past away. Ingeras appeared with Elena in his arms. Mirena ran over to Ingeras and hugged him. She then took Elena from him and his kissed her daughters forehead. Ingeras ran over to his father and jumped into Vlad's arms. \"Never leave us, again\" Ingeras said to his father. \"Never.\" Vlad said. Then, he looked at Mirena and said \"I will always watch over you. No matter what.\" Vlad saw his fellow Transylvanians. \"To the gate.\" he yelled. The survivors followed Vlad and his family. \"Continue! This way!\" Vlad yelled Inside the monastery, Vlad saw his people on the ground praying. \"Rise! The Turks are coming! Protect these walls!\" Vlad exclaimed \"Mehmet's troops are coming from the North. Double the guards.\" Vlad orders and left prepare his soldiers \"My lady.\" came from behind Mirena. It was one of the monks. \"Yes.\" Mirena said \"We have set up a small room for both of your children to rest. Follow me, please.\" he said \"Alright. Ingeras come along.\" Mirena said looking at her son who was following his father. \"I want to go along with father.\" Ingeras said \"No. It is time for you and your sister to rest for a while.\" Mirena said \"Why don't you go and rest for a while. Then, when you wake, you can come help.\" Vlad said kneeling down to his son's level. \"Alright.\" Ingeras said and followed his mother as she followed the monk. Later that Night Ingeras and Elena were fast sleep peacefully in their room when the door opened slowly. The door opened to reveal the monk from earlier. The monk walked over to the bassinet and peered inside. Elena was sucking her thumb. The monk smiled and his featured began to change. He had turned into Baba Yaga. \"Tomorrow night, you will be far far away from here, my namesake.\" Baba Yaga said lightly stroking the infant's cheek. End of Chapter X[Chapter 11] Solace Chapter XI The Next Morning At the Monastery \"What's that?\" Ingeras asked his father as he started at the cabinet in the flooded room. \"Something I hope I never have to use, again. Come.\" Vlad said and he and Ingeras walked back up to the courtyard at the monastery. At the Turkish camp \"The men say that Vlad has become a monster. They fear that the rumors about Vlad's dark magic.\" one of the generals said to the Sultan. Mehmend chuckled and said \"People cannot be afraid of what they do not see.\" As Mehmend said this and the generals ordered the entire army to be blindfolded. Back at the Monastery Vlad walked around the monastery trying to avoid any sunlight. He arrived inside the blacksmith's and saw one of the monks blocking the entrance so, Vlad could walk out. \"Prince Vlad the vampire is vulnerable in the daylight. And of pure silver. Yet it seems the Holy Cross has no power over you.\" noticing that Vlad was not affected by the cross. The monk looked at Vlad and said \"This can only mean you have to seal your fate with human blood. Please, let me murder you, my prince. For your people let me do this. Rumors have spread about what you have become. You can repent.\" With that the monk lit the blacksmith's workshop on fire. The other's yelled \"He's a vampire.\" Elena started to cry in her mother's arms and Mirena ran over to the crowd \"Listen. He is your prince. Give him a chance to explain.\" The crowd pushed Mirena back and helped by throwing more fire into the workshop. Mirena yelled \"Stop, please!\" Elena now started to scream. Ingeras ran over to his mother and hugged her leg. One of the maids was near Mirena \"Take Elena and Ingeras to my room and closes the door. Don't let Ingeras look outside.\" She handed Elena over to the maid and detached Ingeras from her leg. \"Mama!\" Ingeras exclaimed \"Go\" she told the maid and Ingeras. The maid with the children ran to the room, The smoke from the fire blocked out the sun. Vlad came out of the burning building with a fury unlike anything Mirena has seen before. \"Is this your loyalty? Your gratitude? Do you think you're alive because you can fight? You are alive because of what I did to save you.\" Vlad exclaimed He crowd backed away. Scared of their prince. Mirena walked over to Vlad and put her hand on his chest. \"This is not who you are.\" she said Vlad calmed down and ordered \"Go back to your positions. Believe me, there is much to fear.\" He walked away off to be by himself. In the Church Vlad prayed \"God, if you have not yet left me. Give me the power to resist the darkness. Let me pass this test one more night. I beg you. Please.\" He heard small footsteps behind him. It was Ingeras. \"Are you sick?\" Ingeras asked \"If you are sick, you may feel better with this.\" He said and handed his father a half of a loaf of bread. Vlad took the bread and said \"Thank you, come here.\" Ingeras sat next to his father. \"Once you will become a great leader. You let others come first.\" Vlad stated \"When the Turks came for me, you stopped them. Why are you still ill? By saving me?\" Ingeras asked his father Vlad answered his son \"And I would do it again.\" In Elena & Ingeras Room Mirena walked into the room and laid Elena in the bassinet. \"You sleep well, my little princess.\" Mirena said and kissed her daughter goodnight In the shadow of the corner of the room, Baba Yaga waited for nightfall. End of Chapter XI[Chapter 12] Solace Chapter XII Third & Final Night In Mirena and Vlad's room Vlad walks into his and Mirena's room. He notices Mirena standing out on the balcony. \"They're almost here. It will soon be day. Then, I will lose my strength. If we have not won the war already.\" Vlad said standing next to his wife. Mirena stares at Vlad and says \"I will fight by your side until death.\" grabbing a hold of her husband's arm He looks at his wife sadly \"Your death will end my fight.\" \"We have done the duty of every good parent. Our children are protected. We have protected all the children in the kingdom. Maybe our destiny was not to govern in this life.\" Mirena stated Vlad pulled his wife into his embrace \"Do you remember our vows?\" he asked Mirena Mirena smiled in her husband's embrace \"Why think separately of this life and the next when one is born from the last? Time is always too short for those who need it.\" she stated Then, suddenly Mirena and Vlad heard a crash come from the children's room. Both Mirena and Vlad ran to the children's room. Running to the room, the two saw Ingeras running toward them. \"Mama, Papa. There is a strange woman in our room.\" Ingeras said The two looked at each other with a panicked expression. They ran to the room with Ingeras following behind them. Mirena and Vlad arrived in front of the door way of the room and tried to enter, but they could not. They saw an elderly woman with grey hair in a bun holding their daughter who was wiggling in her arms. Both of them tried to step into the room again, but they could still not step inside. \"Let us in!\" Mirena yelled The woman turned around and both Vlad and Mirena were shocked to see who the elderly woman was. \"Mother!\" Vlad exclaimed \"I am called 'Baba Yaga' now, my boy.\" She sated cradling Elena in her arms \"Mother.\" Vlad said again staring at her in disbelief \"Elena, please give me my daughter.\" Mirena said holding out her arms \"Baba Yaga. My name is Baba Yaga. And I am sorry, but I can't give you, your daughter.\" She said sadly \"Please, moth… Baba Yaga. She is just and infant. Please! Giver her to us.\" Vlad pleaded Baba Yaga shook her head 'not' and said \"You, my boy are about to release The Old One. Little Elena cannot be here when that happens.\" \"The Old One?\" Mirena questioned looking at Vlad \"The one who gave me my strength.\" answered Vlad \"Little Elena will be far away from this land and time.\" Baba Yaga said and stared down at Elena who was staring right back at her. \"Why take our baby away from us?\" Mirena asked starting to cry \"Because of what she is and will become. The Old One will hunt her down and kill her before she is even a month old.\" Baba Yaga explained \"And what is Elena and what will she become?\" asked Vlad trying to progress what his mother was saying \"She is and will become The White Witch.\" Baba Yaga answered \"The White Witch? The Old One mentioned The White Witch in Broken Tooth. He said The White Witch condemned him. How could my infant daughter do that?\" Vlad asked angry that he could not understand of what was going on. \"Elena was chosen by destiny to inherit and become The White Witch.\" Baba Yaga answered tapping Elena's little nose. Mirena started to grip Vlad's arm and he stared at his wife seeing she was starting to breakdown. \"Mother put down whatever you have blocking us from coming into the room. Now!\" Vlad exclaimed \"I am sorry to the both of you, but it is time for me and this little one to go. You will see her again in time. Goodbye.\" And with that Baba Yaga summoned at smoke cloud that surround both her and Elena. The force that was blocking the doorway had disappeared and Vlad ran straight to where Baba Yaga was. As the smoke cleared the room, Mirena ran in. She saw Vlad looking around cautiously for Baba Yaga and Elena. \"Where are they, Vlad?\" she asked \"Their gone.\" Vlad answered staring at the floor trying to hide his tears. Mirena fell to the floor on her knees and screamed, while more tears fell down from her eyes. In the deep forest \"Welcome back, Baba Yaga.\" one of the witches greeted her as she walked into the clearing. \"Hello. Is everything ready?\" asked Baba Yaga \"Almost. We just need to wait for the sacrifice and the blood moon. Place the infant on the altar.\" Said the witch with boils from earlier and pointed to the tree stump. Baba Yaga placed Elena on the alter and went to one of markers. Five witches stood on a marker creating a pentagram. The first witch was of course Baba Yaga. She was waiting for the blood moon and the sense of the sacrifice. Second was the maid that had helped Mirena give birth to Elena. She had place a lock of Mirena hair on the altar. Third was the boiled faced witch. She started to chant above Elena. Fourth was a teenage girl her name was Jacqueline. She placed a lock of her hair on the altar next to Mirena's lock of hair. The fifth and final witch was Jacqueline's mother, who placed a circle of candles around the altar. \"The battle has begun.\" announced Baba Yaga. Back at the Monastery \"Mirena\" Vlad said softly kneeling down next to his wife. \"Promise me.\" Mirena said quietly \"Promise what?\" Vlad asked his wife. Mirena looked up at Vlad with her tear stained face \"Promise me that after you are finished with the Turks, you will find our daughter.\" \"I promise.\" Vlad promised with all his heart. Then, Mirena grabbed Vlad by his collar and kissed him sealing the promise. The monastery started to shake. \"Fire!\" could be heard outside Vlad ran to the courtyard and saw the Turkish arm being led by Mehmend, himself. That was when Vlad saw a bat fly to the highest tower at the monastery. He ran to the tower and on the ceiling were colonies of bats. Vlad remembered when he ran in the forest he had transformed into a group of bats. The prince raised his hand and formed a fist. Then, the bats flew out of the tower and into the sky also, forming a fist. Vlad smashed his fist into the stone plated floor and broke some of plates, also making some of them loose. The bats smashed into the Turkish army. The prince transformed into a group of bats and flew down to attack the Turks. Inside the monastery, Mirena had kept Ingeras by her side. The two had seen the swarm of bats Vlad had commanded. Mirena heard a scream. She looks out of the room and sees a small group of Turks. They had infiltrated the monastery, She grabs a hold Ingeras hand \"Come. We need to go find your father.\" Ingeras and his mother ran to the tower. They saw that Vlad was no longer there. \"Where is Papa?\" Ingeras asked his mother as he stared at the broken stone floor. Mirena was about to answer when she heard footsteps behind her. \"Just keep running, if you wish.\" The Turkish soldier told both Mirena and Ingeras. She pulled Ingeras behind her. Mirena did not see the other soldier behind him. Another soldier seized Ingeras. As he walked away with Ingeras, the other soldier kicked Mirena in the stomach and she tumbled to the edge of the tower. She grabbed a hold of one loose floor plates. \"Mama!\" Ingeras yelled as he was being carried away. \"No!\" yelled Mirena Vlad turned from the battlefield as he heard Mirena's yell. He flew to the tower and saw Mirena hanging. That was when the loose stone plate broke and Mirena fell. The prince dived down after his princess, but he could not get her in time. Mirena fell to the ground below. Her body broken both physically and emotionally. He pulled her into his arms, cradling her. \"No, please!\" Please stay with me! I cannot do this without you.\" he pleaded. \"Drink my blood.\" she whispered Vlad was shocked to hear what his wife had just asked him to do. \"No, I cannot take your life.\" he said holding back his tears Mirena smiled at him softly and said \"My life is already lost, but not the lives of our children. Please keep your promise.\" \"I will.\" he promised. With little strength she had left in her. Mirena stroked her husband's cheek. \"I love you. Do it now! Please!\" she tried to yell The prince kissed his wife one last time and then, took her life by drinking her blood. Broken Tooth The Old One sensed the power that had him trapped in the mountain fade. He smiled wickedly and walked out of the cave that lay in the mountain for the first time in centuries. Back in the forest Baba Yaga sensed the sacrifices life and sensed the coming of the blood moon. The candles lit around the altar. \"It is ready. The sacrifice has been made. The blood moon has risen.\" She stated and in the night sky a red moon appeared. \"Let us begin.\" Baba Yaga announced All five witches went to their markers and began to chant in an unknown language. The flames from the candles started to change to a bright light blue. They lit higher into the sky and were forming a blue cyclone. It engulfed the whole altar. Elena began wail as the blue cyclone engulfed her. Dawn cam quick and the blue cyclone vanished as sunlight struck it. Elena was no longer on the altar. She was gone. \"It worked\" exclaimed the youngest, Jaqueline \"Soon, your task will begin, young one.\" her mother said. She smiled at her mother. Knowing she was going to be the one to raise and teach The White Witch how to use and control her powers. The two bowed to Baba Yaga and left. \"How long are we to wait to the little one's return?\" the maid asked \"Five hundred years.\" Baba Yaga answered With that 500 years had passed. Ingeras was saved by his father and became the new ruler of Transylvania. During, Ingeras rule, he had searched for his baby sister til his final days. Vlad had sacrificed himself to destroy the vampire army he had creating to save his son, but he was saved by a lonely gypsy, that would serve him for five hundred years. He had kept his promise to his wife and searched for his daughter. A hundred years passed and Vlad had given up hope that he would ever find his little princess. It was now 1996. End of Chapter XII [Chapter 13] Solace Chapter XIII December 23rd 1996 12:00am A mile away from New York City \"Jaqueline, when did that tow man say he was coming?\" asked her husband Matthew Harker \"He said in ten minutes. They were going to bring police officer to drop us off at the repair shop.\" she answered putting her cell back in her bag \"Johnathan, honey. Can you give me that blanket next to you, please?\" Jaqueline asked her twelve year old son. The twelve year old boy sat in the back seat playing his brand new Gameboy pocket, not hearing what his mother had asked him. \"Johnathan?\" she asked a little louder \"What?\" he asked his mother a little annoyed \"The blanket, please.\" she asked He grabbed the blanket next to him and handed it to his mother and went back to his game. \"I told your mother not to buy him that.\" Jaqueline told her husband as she laid the blanket on her lap. \"Well, you know my mother, she…\" before he could finish there was a blue flash that lit up the sky around them. All three were surprised. \"Wow!\" Johnathan exclaimed as the blue flash faded. The flash disappeared. Jaqueline had a shocked look on her face. Then, she smiled gleefully. She knew what the blue flash meant. The White Witch had returned after five hundred years. Jaqueline took the blanket off her lap and unbuckled her seat belt. She opened the passage door and stared at the sky. Matthew opened his car door and asked his wife \"What is it, Jackie?\" Then, there was a small cry coming from the side of the road. \"Do you hear that?\" she asked her husband \"It sounds like a baby crying.\" he answered looking around Johnathan rolled down the window and asked his parents \"What is it?\" She closed her door and hopped over the guarder rail. \"Stay here.\" she told her husband and son. \"Jaqueline.\" her husband said \"Stay here.\" she said again and followed the crying. Jaqueline didn't have to go far. On a tree stump was none other than Elena Mirena Trepes, The White Witch. Elena had not changed in over five hundred years. She was still a two week old infant and wrapped in her baby blanket. \"Well, hello there. I have waited a long time for you to arrive.\" Jaqueline said as she picked up the baby. She rocked Elena in her arms and she finally stopped crying. Elena just stared up at her. Jaqueline carried Elena back to the car. Matthew saw his wife walk back with a bundle in her arms. \"Oh my god!\" he exclaimed as he ran over to his wife. He took the baby from her so, she could hop back over the guarder rail. Jaqueline took back the baby from her husband. \"Where did you find her?\" he asked \"She was on a tree stump.\" she answered as she covered the baby's face from the cold with her blanket. \"Let's get you two inside the car.\" he said as he opened the passenger's side door. \"Alright.\" she said got inside. When he closed the door, Matthew saw headlights coming toward them. It was the tow truck and a New York patrol car. The patrol car drove next to the Harker's car and the officer got out. \"Mr. Harker. I am Officer Morris. I am going to take you and your family to the repair shop.\" he said shaking Matthew's hand. Matthew readjusted his wool hat and told the officer \"Well, officer. We are going to need to be taken to a hospital.\" \"Is anyone hurt?\" Officer Morris asked \"None of us are hurt. Do you see that baby my wife is holding?\" Matthew said pointing to his wife in the car. \"Yes, she a little cutie. How old is she?\" the officer asked looking at the baby through the window. \"We don't know, sir. My wife just found her. We need to get this baby to a hospital.\" Matthew explained. \"Oh my god, of course. Go give your information to the tow man. Then I will get you all to the hospital.\" Officer Morris said Matthew ran over to the tow man to give his information, too. Officer Morris helped Jaqueline, the baby and Johnathan into the back of the patrol car. \"Mom, why would someone leave a baby?\" Johnathan asked his mother as they waited for Matthew. \"I don't know, honey.\" Jaqueline answered and she kissed her sons forehead. She knew the truth. Her coven had kidnapped the baby. They had sent a two week old baby five hundred years into the future. End of Chapter XIII[Chapter 14] Solace Chapter XIV December 23rd 1996 1:30am Mount Sinai Hospital New York City, New York \"Doctor Seward.\" A nurse called \"Yes.\" Doctor Seward answered \"Mr. Trepes is in the lobby for you.\" the nurse smiling gleefully \"Thank you, Nurse Westbourne.\" she thanked smiling Doctor Seward went inside the elevator and headed down to the lobby. She exited the elevator and saw a man with short dark brown hair with a long black trench coat. \"Well hello, Mr. Trepes.\" She greeted from behind him He turned around and smiled at the doctor \"Vlad. Call me Vlad, Doctor Seward.\" \"What may I help you with, Vlad?\" she asked him Vlad smiled at her and handed her an envelope. \"This is my donation for Christmas.\" He said Doctor Seward opened the envelope. Inside was a check for ten million dollars to Mount Sinai Hospital. \"Mr.… Vlad. Thank you. As one of the board of directors, the hospital thanks you. Greatly!\" she thanked him putting the check back into the envelope. \"You are welcome. I am very glad that I can help out the hospital, but I was hoping that you would also finally agree to go on a late dinner or early breakfast with me.\" Vlad said charmingly. She blushed and told him. \"I am much faltered, but my husband is a part of me. It would be like I am betraying him. I am very sorry.\" stroking her wedding ring and her husband's ring hanging on a golden chain around her neck. Vlad sighed and shook his head in agreement. \"I understand.\" he said Then, through the intercom \" Doctor Seward, please report to the emergency room.\" \"That's me.\" she said The two shook hands. \"Doctor Seward. Tell your son 'Merry Christmas' for me.\" Vlad said \"I will and you have a merry Christmas as well, Vlad.\" Doctor Seward said and left for the emergency room Vlad watched the doctor leave. He was about to leave himself was about leave when he felt a panful tugging feeling in his chest. \"Sir, are you alright?\" asked a nurse \"Yes. I am fine.\" Vlad answered and continued on his way out. Still, the tugging in his chest became more painful as he walked out of the hospital. In the emergency room \"Doctor Seward, room 102. Infant found on the side the road. The family that found baby are in the room. A case worker will be in when you are finished examining the infant.\" the nurse said handing the file to Doctor Seward. \"Alright.\" Doctor Seward said already looking over the brief notes the nurse wrote down. She headed to the room. The Doctor knocked on the door lightly and opened it slowly. \"Hello. I'm Doctor Joy Seward. You all must be the Harker's\" she introduced herself \"Hello, Doctor\" both Jaqueline and Matthew greeted \"And this must be little Elena.\" Doctor Seward said smiling down at the infant in Mrs. Harker's arms. Mrs. Harker shook her head 'yes' \"Now, I was informed by the nurse that you found the infant on the side of the road.\" she asked the Harker's \"Yes. Well, if it is alright, I would like to take Elena for a few tests. Get her blood type. Determine how old she is and others.\" Doctor Seward said \"Alright.\" both Matthew and Jaqueline agreed Doctor Seward took Elena from Jaqueline. \"A case worker is here to talk with the family, Doctor.\" a nurse said as Doctor Seward left the room with Elena. \"Ok. Bring the case worker into the room.\" instructed the Doctor The nurse nodded her head and left to retrieve the case worker. An half – hour later \"Alright little one. Let's get you back.\" she told Elena as she finished buttoning the onesie. Elena giggled and rubbed her eyes. \"It looks like someone is ready to fall asleep.\" Doctor Seward said wrapping Elena in her baby blanket. She picked up Elena and cradled her in her arms. Then, there was a knock on the door. The door opened to relieve one of the nurses and Vlad Trepes behind her. \"Doctor Seward, Mr. Trepes is here to speak with you.\" the nurse said \"Alright. Here why don't you take her back to room 102.\" Doctor Seward said handing Elena to the nurse. \"Ok.\" The nurse said and left the Doctor and Mr. Trepes. \"What can I help you with again, Vlad?\" Doctor Seward asked \"I am sorry to interrupt.\" Vlad said watching the nurse leave with the infant in her arms. The tugging in his chest returning. \"It's alright. I had just finished the test and was about to take her back.\" she told him \"Test? Did something happen to her?\" asked Vlad concerned \"Something did happen to her. That infant was left on the side of the road, but lucky for her a family's car broke down and they found her.\" she told Vlad \"Somebody just left their infant on the side of the road.\" Vlad was shocked. He had lost his son and never found his daughter, Vlad became angry. \"It happens. Some people can't handle being parents, but don't worry about that little one. She is going home with the family that found her\" Doctor Seward explained to him seeing how angry he was getting. Vlad just looked at her and smiled sadly. \"What is that you wanted to speak to me for?\" asked the Doctor \"Oh, yes. He is the papers that I gave you the donation.\" Vlad said handing her a couple of papers. \"Thank you. This will make less paper work for me.\" she laughed a little He laughed with her and smiled. \"Well, once again. Have a pleasant Christmas.\" He said and was about to leave the room when a question popped into his head. \"I am just curious did the infant have a name.\" he asked \"Yes, she did. Her name is Elena Mirena, it was on her blanket.\" The doctor said looking over the papers Vlad had given her. Vlad looked at the doctor, shocked and he asked again \"What was her name?\" Doctor Seward looked up from her papers and at Vlad and repented herself \"Elena Mirena. Her name is Elena Mirena.\" \"Was the blanket, knit with lavender bows?\" asked Vlad \"Yes, why?\" asked the Doctor \"What is the name of the family that is taking?\" he asked \"Harker. Why?\" she asked wondering why he was so curious. Vlad just left the room in a hurry looking for the nurse. He had found his daughter and somehow she was still an infant. Somehow she had not aged a day in five hundred years and she was left alone on the side the road. Vlad grabbed his cell from his pocket and dialed the only person her would know that would give him the answers he needed. \"Mother. Get to Mount Sinai Hospital, I found her. I found my daughter. I found Elena\" Vlad said End of Chapter XIV[Chapter 15] Solace Chapter XV December 23rd 1996 2:30am Mount Sinai Hospital New York City, New York Vlad's mother arrived at the hospital and meets her son in the emergency room. Baba Yaga saw her son talking to a young woman in a business suit. The young woman nodded her head while speaking to Vlad and then, left. \"Vlad.\" Baba Yaga said behind him Vlad turned around and he had a smile on his face. Something she had not seen since he became a vampire. \"They're going to let me see her.\" Vlad said to his mother who had a questionable look on her face. \"My dear boy, you can see and hold little Elena this once, but you can't take her home with you. You know that right?\" she asked her son \"No. Elena is my child. She is all that I have left. I will not let my daughter be raised by complete strangers.\" he argued Baba Yaga was about to argue back when a nurse appeared behind Vlad. The nurse coughed and Vlad turned. \"Mr. Trepes, if you and your company would like to follow me to room 104. The case worker will be in the room in a few minutes with the infant.\" The nurse said nervously because the tension between the two. Back in room 102 \"What are trying to tell us?\" Mr. Harker asked the case worker The case worker sighed and explained \"Mr. and Mrs. Harker, I am saying that this man claims that little Elena might be his daughter.\" Jaqueline looked down at Elena and stroked her cheek. She looked at the case worker and asked \"Will we still be taking Elena home with us?\" \"Yes. You and your husband are legally going to be Elena's foster parents until she is a year old, if this man still believes she is his daughter.\" the case worker explained \"What if this man doesn't believe she is his daughter, before Elena is a year old?\" asked Mrs. Harker \"If he doesn't think that little Elena is not his daughter. Then, you will be able to adopt her by the beginning of the New Year.\" the case worker said to the Harker's Both Jaqueline and Matthew nodded their heads understanding what the case worker explained to them. \"Now, I am going to take little Elena to meet this man.\" the case worker said and Jaqueline uneasily handed Elena over to the case worker. \"Don't worry, Mrs. Harker. I will be inside the room, the entire time.\" Said the case worker seeing how uneasy Mrs. Harker was handing over the infant. \"Thank you.\" said Mrs. Harker Back in Room 104 \"Vlad, you cannot take Elena home with you, even though you can resist the Old One's influence. You and I both know he is still watching you.\" Baba Yaga explained to her son \"I will protect my daughter from him. He will not come in foot her.\" Vlad said Then, there was a knock at the door. The door opened and the case worker walked in with a bundle in her arms. \"Hello, Mr. Trepes. Here she is.\" the case worker said and handed the bundle over to Vlad. Vlad looked at the infant in his arms. He smiled at the baby girl. \"By your smile, I can tell you know this little one.\" the case worker asked Vlad Vlad looked at the case worker and then, at his mother. Baba Yaga just shook her head and turned away. He then, looked down at his little princess. Vlad could see Mirena's image in his infant daughter's face. Mirena. Mirena willingly offered her blood to him. This inadvertently made him stronger than if he had taken her blood by force. Also, because of Mirena's act, he was better able to resist the Old One's influence. Just holding Elena in his arms brought back the memory of Mirena. Vlad realized then, that he could not keep his daughter. Elena was the last of his family. She was precious to him. Vlad handed Elena back to the case worker and said \"No. This child is not mine.\" \"Mr. Trepes…\" the case worker said Baba Yaga interrupted \"Did you not hear my son? He said this was not his child. Please, leave.\" The case worker was a little shocked. \"I'm sorry.\" said the case worker and left the room with Elena in her arms. Vlad sighed and sat back into the chair. \"You did the right thing.\" Baba Yaga said Back in Room 102 There was a knock at the door. The door opened to reveal the case worker with Elena in her arms. \"Elena is already to go home.\" the case worker said and handed Elena to Mrs. Harker Jaqueline Harker smiled down at Elena and buckled her into the car seat \"What about that man?\" Mr. Harker asked \"He said, Elena was not his daughter.\" the case worker answered Jaqueline looked at the case worker \"So, we will be able to adopt Elena by beginning of the year?\" she asked \"Yes. By the New Year, Elena will be a Harker.\" answered the case worker Jaqueline and Matthew both smiled at each other. She tucked Elena's blanket around and smiled. \"It is time for us to go home.\" she said to her daughter The Harker family walked out of the room at that same time Vlad and his mother walked out of room they were in. Vlad saw Elena's new family. He turned and went into to the opposite direction as the Harker family to heartbroken to watch the happy family. This would be the last Vlad would see of his daughter until for the next four years. End of Chapter XV A/N: Thanks to DragonTamer01![Chapter 16] Solace Chapter XVI December 24th, 1999 7:00pm New York City, New York Christmas Eve Harker Residence \"Mommy. I'm itchy.\" A little girl with long straight dark brown hair said. The little girl scratched the arm of her red velvet sleeve. \"Elena, honey. Let go put some more lotion on your arms.\" Jaqueline said to her four year old daughter. Matthew chuckled and said \"I told you not to buy that dress for her.\" Jaqueline just glared at her husband and headed to the bathroom with her daughter. In the bathroom She rolled up her daughter's sleeves and applied lotion to her arms. \"Is Santa really going to be at the party, mommy?\" Elena asked her mother \"Of course, darling. Why do you ask?\" Jaqueline asked her as she finished applying the lotion to her daughter's arms. \"Because Jonny said that Santa wasn't real.\" Little Elena answered Jaqueline pulled down Elena's sleeves and said \"Don't listen to your brother, ok?\" \"Ok.\" Elena answered back and hugged her mother Mrs. Harker kissed her daughter on her forehead and said \"Why don't you go play with your Barbie's for a little, until mommy and daddy are finished.\" \"Okey Dokey!\" Elena exclaimed and ran to her playroom. Jaqueline put the bottle of lotion away and headed back to her bedroom. In the bedroom of Mr. & Mrs. Harker Jaqueline walked into the bedroom and sat down in front of her vanity. \"You need to talk to Johnathan.\" Jaqueline told her husband as she finished with her makeup. \"Why do I need to talk to him?\" asked Matthew trying to fix his tie She sighed and walked over and helped her husband fix his tie. \"He is telling Elena, Santa isn't real again. That is why I am asking you to talk to him because I thought you had talked to him before about this.\" she asked finishing Matthew's tie \"I did, but I told you, he a teenager now. He is not going to listen to his parents.\" Matthew said and then kissed his wife's forehead. \"But, I will talk to him anyway.\" he told his wife. \"Thank you.\" Jaqueline thanked her husband as he walked to their son's room Knock – Knock – Knock \"Yeah\" a teenage Johnathan answered opening his bedroom door. Matthew stood in the doorway \"You need help with your tie?\" he asked his son \"Yeah. Why do I have to wear this stupid tie anyway?\" Johnathan asked his father \"You have to wear a tie, because this is a Christmas party hosted by my firm. Some of our important clients will be there. This whole family has to look our best.\" he explained to his son \"Why do I have to help you impress those idiots?\" Johnathan said rolling his eyes \"Well those idiots pay for you and your sisters Christmas this year.\" Matthew said finished up his son's tie. \"About your sister, cut it out with 'Santa isn't real'. You are sixteen years old. She is four. If you don't 'Santa' can send your gifts to the Salvation Army.\" Matthew told his son harshly. \"Fine.\" Johnathan sighed \"Now, get your shoes on. We are getting ready to leave.\" Matthew said and left the room. Trepes Residence \"Mr. Trepes.\" The maid said \"Yes, Mrs. Miller.\" Vlad answered finishing tying his tie. \"Your is waiting out front, sir.\" she told him \"Thank you, Mrs. Miller and Merry Christmas.\" Vlad told his maid as he put on his coat \"You too, sir.\" with that his maid left. Vlad headed outside to his car. \"Where to, sir?\" asked his driver as he opened the car door for Vlad. \"The Plaza.\" Vlad answered and stepped into the car. Vlad sat down and grabbed a picture from his coat pocket. It was a picture of a four year old Elena with Mickey Mouse at Disney World. The Day Before Harker's Law Offices \"Mr. Harker.\" Matthew Harker's assistant called through the intercom \"Yes, Mrs. Murray.\" Matthew answered \"Mr. Trepes is here.\" she said \"Thank you, Mrs. Murray. Bring him in.\" Matthew said The door opened to reveal Vlad Trepes. \"Ah, Mr. Harker. I'm glad; I could catch you before you left for the holidays.\" Vlad said shaking Matthew's hand \"I'm sorry. I couldn't get in touch last week, but my family and I took a trip to Disney World our daughters fourth birthday.\" Matthew said sitting down at his desk. Vlad sat down in the chair across from him. \"Disney World. She must have been one happy little girl.\" Vlad said wondering what his daughter looked like now. Vlad can still picture the day he gave up his little girl to be raised by this man in front of him and his family. The day after Vlad gave Elena up, he researched the Harker's. They were a good family. Matthew Harker's side of the family came to America after World War I. Jaqueline Harker was an orphan that grew up in a loving foster home. Matthew was New York States finest lawyer. Jaqueline was an up and coming fashion designer. The couple had only one child of their own, Johnathan Harker. Their son was mathematic genius. So, Vlad knew his daughter would be well taken care of. Vlad was snapped out of his thought by Matthew Harker. \"She was one happy little girl. Here's a picture of her with Mickey Mouse.\" Matthew said handing Vlad a picture of Elena. Vlad looked at the picture and he smiled at it. Elena was the perfect combination of Mirena and himself. Elena had Mirena's smile. He put the picture on Harker's desk. \"She is very cute.\" Vlad said Matthew just smiled at the picture. \"So, what is it that you wanted to discuss, Mr. Trepes?\" he asked Vlad \"I received some papers from the Romanian government about the land I had purchased.\" Vlad stated handed Matthew an envelope. \"I will look through these papers for you and I will get back to you in a week.\" Matthew said \"Thank you, Mr. Harker.\" Vlad and stood up out of the chair. Matthew and Vlad shook hands. Without Matthew noticing Vlad took the picture of Elena. \"You'll be coming to the Plaza tomorrow night?\" Matthew asked Vlad \"I wouldn't miss it for the world.\" Vlad answered \"Good. You can meet my family. Have a nice day, Mr. Trepes\" Matthew said \"And you, Mr. Harker.\" Vlad said and left the office. In Vlad's car \"Mr. Trepes, we are here.\" Vlad's driver stated. \"Thank you, Shkelgim.\" Vlad said and put the picture back into his pocket. He stepped out of his car and headed inside. End of Chapter XVI[Chapter 17] Solace Chapter XVII December 24th, 1999 8:00pm New York City, New York Christmas Eve Outside The Plaza \"Elena, you need to leave your blankie in the car.\" Jaqueline said trying to get her daughter out of the car. \"No!\" Elena yelled. After Elena yelled, Jaqueline noticed a bright white light around her daughter. All Jaqueline thought was \"Oh, god not now.\" Jaqueline was snapped out of her thoughts by her husband \"Jaqueline. Just let her bring her blanket. My bosses and clients will understand. They all have kids and grandkids.\" \"Fine.\" Jaqueline said and grabbed Elena who was clutching her blanket. In the Plaza Grand Ballroom After checking in their coats, The Harker family headed into the ballroom. \"Well, hello Harker.\" greeted a chubby man \"Hello, Mr. Westmont.\" Matthew greeted him and shook hands. \"This must be your family.\" he said staring mostly at Jaqueline Matthew introduced his family \"Yes. This is my wife, Jaqueline.\" \"Hello, Mr. Westmont.\" Jaqueline greeted \"This is my son, Johnathan.\" \"Hello, young man\" Mr. Westmont said' \"Hi.\" was all Johnathan said \"And this little one is, Elena\" Matthew said putting his hand on Elena's head Mr. Westmont bent down to Elena's height and said \"Hello, there.\" Elena ran behind her mother and covered her face with her blanket. \"I'm sorry. She is just being shy right now.\" Jaqueline told Mr. Westmont Mr. Westmont stood up and said \"That's alright. My Lucy was the same way when she was young.\" Then, Mr. Westmont pointed to the far right corner in the ballroom \"There she is talking yo Mrs. Murray's daughter.\" Johnathan, why don't you go over there and talk to them?\" Jaqueline told her son \"Fine.\" Johnathan said staring at the girl in the pale blue dress, but before he started walking over to the girls, his father grabbed a hold of his shoulder. \"Take your sister with you.\" Matthew said Johnathan rolled his eyes and took Elena's hand and walked over to Lucy Westmont and Mrs. Murray's daughter. \"Poor kid.\" Mr. Westmont said \"No.\" both Jaqueline and Matthew said \"Guess he did something pretty bad?\" asked Mr. Westmont \"Yup. Kept telling Elena, 'Santa wasn't real.'\" Matthew said Mr. Westmont laughed and said \"That one will always get you in trouble when you have younger siblings.\" Johnathan was standing in front of the two girls. The two looked at him and were waiting for him to say something. Just at that moment Johnathan got nervous and just stuttered. Elena just stared at her brother and the two girls just stared at him. Then, Elena tugged the hem of the girl with the white dress. She kneeled down to Elena's level and smiled at her. \"Hi. My names Elena.\" Elena told the young woman in front of her. \"Hello, Elena. My name is Mina and this is my friend, Lucy.\" Mina told Elena Lucy also kneeled down to Elena's level and asked \"Elena, can you tell us who he is?\" Elena pointed to her brother and said \"That my big brother.\" \"What is your big brother's name?\" asked Mina \"His name is Johnathan, but I call him Jonny.\" Elena answered with a smile on her face. All three girls laughed. Mina and Lucy stood up and Mina said \"Hello, Johnathan. I'm Mina Murray.\" \"H..Hello.\" Johnathan said and shook Mina's hand. Elena just looked up at her brother and to her new friend and smiled. A Couple Hours Later… \"Ah. Mr. Trepes, glad you could make it.\" Mr. Westmont announced \"I'm glad; I could make it as well.\" Vlad said as he scanned the room. That is when Vlad spotted his little princess. \"Mommy, I have to go potty.\" Elena said tugging on her mother's dress. \"Ok. Let's go.\" Jaqueline said. She and Elena rushed to the restrooms. \"If you will excuse me for a minute.\" Vlad said and followed the mother and daughter. A few seconds later… \"Alright. Let go wash your hands.\" Jaqueline said lifting Elena up to wash her hands. \"All Done!\" Elena exclaimed and grabbed her blankie from her mother's arms and ran out of the restroom laughing. As Elena ran out, she bumped into something and fell. She started to cry and felt someone pick her up. \"It's alright. There is nothing to cry about, you are perfectly fine now. I got you.\" The person said Elena thinking it was her father looking up at his face. When she looked up, it was not her father, but a stranger. She stared at the strange man; the little girl saw something familiar in his eyes. When, Elena went to grab her blankie it was no longer in her arms. Elena broke her eye contract with the strange familiar man; she looked down and saw her blankie on the floor. Vlad noticed his little princess looking down at the floor. He saw her blanket that Mirena had made her. He bent down with Elena in his arms and picked up her blanket. He handed Elena the blanket and noticed the familiar pale white light surrounding his daughter. \"Elena!\" Jaqueline yelled. Jaqueline saw her daughter being held by none other than Vlad Trepes. Elena's biological father. She had a surprised look on her face when she saw Elena's powers starting to awaken with a more rapid pace than usual. Elena saw her mother. \"Mommy!\" Elena exclaimed and jumped out of Vlad's arms. Jaqueline picked up Elena and she hugged her tightly. She calmed down and looked at Vlad, \"I am so sorry. She just got too excited.\" Jaqueline told Vlad \"That's alright. I am sorry I was in your way.\" Vlad said smiling at his little princess Elena smiled back and then hid her face with her blankie. \"Well, if you will excuse us.\" Jaqueline said Vlad moved aside and watched as his daughter left. That is when an idea came to Vlad. He had purchased land in Transylvania. Vlad would convince Matthew Harker to move himself and his family to move Transylvania. So, he would have his daughter close by. Things will not go as Vlad had planned. ","Summary":" Solace Chapter I Two Weeks before the events of Dracula Untold \"My Lady, you need to start pushing"},{"Movie":"Dracula Untold","Title":"Mythical Love","Author":"the-dead-star","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13083394","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Mythical Love Chapitre 1 Transylvanie – 1462. L'après-midi durant, Ingeras était resté à la fenêtre, guettant le retour de son père. Sa mère, Alinska, l'observait en souriant, se replongeant ensuite dans sa broderie. Mais les portes ne tardèrent pas à être ouvertes, annonçant le retour du prince, Vlad Tepes. \" Père ! \" Vlad sourit à son fils, acceptant son étreinte tout en ébouriffant les boucles brunes d'Ingeras. Il le questionna alors : \" Comment s'est passé ta journée ? \" \" Lentement. Tu n'étais pas là pour m'entraîner. \" Son père sourit à nouveau, le prenant par l'épaule. \" J'avais certaines choses à régler. \" \" Et maintenant, ne pouvons-nous pas… \" \" Laisse-moi embrasser ta mère. Nous verrons après. \" \" Mais… \" Le prince posa un doigt sur les lèvres de son fils, ses yeux sombres pétillant de malice. Ingeras fit la moue mais il acquiesça. Son père était un homme fort occupé, après tout… Comme le petit prince montait dans sa chambre en trainant des pieds, Vlad rejoignit son épouse. Elle n'avait pas bougé de son siège, immobile, sa broderie oubliée sur ses genoux. Et quand le seigneur du château se pencha vers elle, repoussant sa longue tresse blonde pour l'embrasser dans le cou, elle ferma les yeux tout en penchant la tête sur le côté, déclarant : \" J'ignorais qu'une chasse allait prendre toute la journée. \" Elle le sentit distinctement se raidir et elle rouvrir les yeux. Mais quand il voulut se relever, elle le retint par le poignet. Lentement, elle tourna la tête, plongeant ses yeux bleus si clairs dans ceux, de la couleur d'une nuit sans lune, de son époux. \" Le prince n'embrasse-t-il pas sa princesse ? \" \" Alinska… \" Elle fronça les sourcils, réellement inquiète, et quitta son siège. Là, illuminés par les flammes de la cheminée, ils s'observèrent, silencieux. Elle voudrait la vérité, bien sûr. Mais que dire, quand lui-même ignorait de quoi il s'agissait ? Bonus chapitre 2 * Assise sur ses genoux, la tête penchée vers lui et les yeux dans les yeux, elle se déhanchait lentement. Et toujours, leurs doigts étaient enlacés, synonyme de leur amour et de ce lien, indestructible, qui les unissait… ** Leurs bouches se trouvèrent et elle abandonna sa posture figée pour enrouler ses bras autour du cou de son époux. *** Même si elle savait qu'elles n'étaient plus douloureuses, la princesse ne pouvait s'empêcher d'y passer ses doigts, futiles tentatives de les faire disparaître… * Ne se souciant désormais plus de sa robe qui, lentement, se gorgeait d'eau, Alinska enlaça leurs doigts. ** Silencieuse, elle se colla contre son dos, l'embrassant entre les omoplates, goutant le sel de sa peau.[Chapter 2] Mythical Love Chapitre 2 Une bassine d'eau avait été préparée dans la chambre princière. Quand elle y entra, Alinska découvrit son époux, dos à elle, occupé à se déshabiller. Enfin, il enleva sa chemise. Et comme chaque soir depuis plus de quinze ans, elle vit les cicatrices ornant son dos. Des cicatrices obtenues à l'âge de treize ans, chez les Turcs. Même si elle savait qu'elles n'étaient plus douloureuses, la princesse ne pouvait s'empêcher d'y passer ses doigts, futiles tentatives de les faire disparaitre… Silencieuse, elle se colla contre son dos, l'embrassant entre les omoplates, goutant le sel de sa peau. Il soupira, sachant qu'elle ne lâcherait pas l'affaire avant d'avoir obtenu la vérité. Car il pouvait mentir à ses conseillers mais à son épouse, jamais. Entièrement déshabillé, il plongea dans l'eau, soupirant d'aise et fermant les yeux. Mais son regard si sombre ne tarda pas à être révélé comme Alinska le rejoignait. Elle plongea alors un morceau de tissu dans l'eau, l'essorant avant de le poser sur la peau de Vlad, le passant ensuite le long du corps musculeux de son époux. Il l'observait, elle le savait. Mais pas une fois, elle ne leva les yeux. Ainsi, ce fut lui qui posa une main sur son bras, l'arrêtant. Enfin, elle le regarda, le questionnant : ' Que s'est-il passé, dans la forêt ? ' ' … ' ' Vlad ! ' ' Je… je n'en suis pas sûr. ' ' Tu es rentré longtemps après les autres. ' ' C'est vrai. ' ' Mais tu ne sais pas me dire de quoi il s'agit. Soit, reste silencieux. ' Posément, elle lâcha le tissu. Mais quand elle voulut se relever, il l'en empêcha en posant ses mains sur ses épaules et en l'attirant vers lui. Leurs bouches se trouvèrent et elle abandonna sa posture figée pour enrouler ses bras autour du cou de son époux. Elle le sentit sourire contre ses lèvres et poussa un petit cri quand il la souleva pour l'installer à ses côtés dans la bassine. ' Ma robe ! ' ' Je t'en paierai une autre. ' ' Aussi belle que celle-ci ? ' ' Nettement plus belle. ' Elle ne put résister longtemps au sourire qui ornait le visage émacié de son Prince, souriant à son tour comme il la positionnait face à lui. Ne se souciant désormais plus de sa robe qui, lentement, se gorgeait d'eau, Alinska enlaça leurs doigts. Il l'attira alors tout contre lui, collant leurs deux fronts. Le regard noir se plongea dans l'azur comme il révélait : ' Il y avait… il y avait quelque chose. ' ' Où ça ? ' ' À la Dent Brisée. ' Elle fronça les sourcils. ' Pourquoi es-tu allé là-bas ? ' ' Je devais vérifier qu'il n'y avait pas d'autres éclaireurs. ' ' Alors les Turcs approchent ? ' Sombrement, il acquiesça et son épouse soupira : ' Je suppose que la paix ne peut qu'être éphémère. ' ' Il ne vous arrivera rien. ' ' Vlad, tu ne peux… ' ' Non, Alinska. J'en fais le serment. ' Face à l'air plus que sérieux de Vlad, elle ne put qu'hocher la tête. Elle chercha ses lèvres, il lui répondit. Et quand un serviteur entrouvrit la porte, ce fut pour y découvrir les époux princiers, silencieux. Assise sur ses genoux, la tête penchée vers lui et les yeux dans les yeux, elle se déhanchait lentement. Et toujours, leurs doigts étaient enlacés, synonyme de leur amour et de ce lien, indestructible, qui les unissait… Bonus chapitre 3 Toutefois, comme elle essayait de se dégager de son étreinte, un bras musclé se resserra autour d'elle comme deux yeux sombres s'ouvraient lentement.[Chapter 3] Mythical Love Chapitre 3 Matin de Pâques. Elle quittait lentement le sommeil, papillonnant des yeux. Les rideaux tirés plongeaient le lit dans une relative obscurité mais quand elle tourna la tête, elle vit distinctement le visage de Vlad, toujours endormi. La bouche entrouverte, une boucle noire tombant sur son front, il semblait paisible et reposé. Toutefois, comme elle essayait de se dégager de son étreinte, un bras musclé se resserra autour d'elle comme deux yeux sombres s'ouvraient lentement. ' Où vas-tu ? ' ' Voir où en sont les préparatifs. ' ' Dimitri pourrait très bien s'en charger. ' ' Certes. ' ' Mais tu ne le feras pas. ' Elle esquissa un doux petit sourire, lui répondant : ' Nous sommes mariés depuis plus de quinze ans. Et depuis plus de quinze ans… ' ' Tu t'occupes du repas de Pâques, je sais. ' Ce fut au tour de Vlad de sourire. ' Et bien va, alors. Je ne te retiens pas. ' Il la lâcha, l'observant s'asseoir sur le lit tout en repoussant ses longues boucles blondes. Mais alors qu'il pensait qu'elle allait quitter le lit, il la vit se pencher vers lui. Un sourcil fut arqué comme il s'étonnait : ' Et les préparatifs ? ' ' Ton amour est plus… précieux que ces préparatifs. ' ' Mais comme tu l'as dit, nous sommes mariés depuis plus de quinze ans. Alors tu sais que mon amour est tien. ' ' Peut-être. Mais c'est toujours plaisant à entendre. ' Un tendre sourire éclaira le visage de Vlad, faisant étinceler ses yeux bruns. Il attrapa la main de sa femme, l'attirant sans effort vers lui. Alors ils s'embrassèrent, souriant. Oui, ils s'aimaient, comme au premier jour… Bonus chapitre 4 À son tour, il se leva, repoussant la lame de deux doigts. Le soldat voulut réagir, il s'en abstint quand il rencontra le regard meurtrier du prince.[Chapter 4] Mythical Love Chapitre 4 Enfin, le couple princier arriva dans la salle de banquet, acclamé. Ils sourirent, saluant la foule, toujours aussi nombreuse. Dimitri se leva alors, soulevant son verre et le tendant vers Vlad et Alinska. ' À Vlad et Alinska ! Et à ces dix ans de paix qu'ils ont pu faire perdurer ! ' Tous l'imitèrent, acclamant le prince et son épouse. Alinska tourna la tête vers Vlad et répondit grandement au petit sourire qui ourlait les lèvres de son époux. Il tapa alors dans ses mains et les serviteurs apparurent, apportant nourriture et boissons. Malheureusement, cette ambiance joyeuse ne dura guère. En effet, alors que les longues tables étaient débarrassées, des bruits de pas se firent entendre. Tous se figèrent et virent arriver un contingent de soldats turcs. Vlad se leva, observant cette intrusion avec les sourcils froncés. Enfin, celui qui semblait être le porte-parole s'avança, déclarant : ' Salutations, prince de Valachie. Le sultan Mehmet t'envoie ses amitiés. ' ' Avec une troupe de soldats ? ' ' Ces contrées sont dangereuses, prince. Le sultan a récemment perdu deux de ses meilleurs hommes. Il préfère éviter que ça ne recommence. ' ' Bien entendu. ' Il tourna la tête, rencontrant le regard si clair d'Alinska. Avec un léger signe de tête, il lui indiqua Ingeras. Elle acquiesça et se leva, prête à quitter la pièce avec leur fils. Mais un des soldats dégaina son épée, la pointant vers sa poitrine. ' Personne ne bouge, princesse. ' Tous virent alors les yeux de Vlad s'assombrir davantage. À son tour, il se leva, repoussant la lame de deux doigts. Le soldat voulut réagir, il s'en abstint quand il rencontra le regard meurtrier du prince. Celui-ci attrapa Alinska par la taille, questionnant : ' Que voulez-vous ? ' ' Le sultan constitue une armée. Il a donc besoin d'hommes. ' ' Je peux vous offrir mille pièces d'argent. ' Son interlocuteur secoua la tête en riant. ' Nous avons besoin d'hommes, prince. Les richesses, nous les avons déjà. Mais vous avez connu pareille situation, n'est-ce pas ? Votre père vous a vendu, sans la moindre hésitation. N'est-ce pas ? ' ' Que voulez-vous ? ' ' Le sultan exige mille garçons, qui viendront grossir nos rangs. ' ' Mon père a abandonné cette pratique il y a des années de cela ! ' ' Et bien, vous allez y obéir. Oh, dernière chose, votre fils sera le millième enfant. ' Bonus chapitre 5 Vlad se tourna alors vers elle, découvrant une flaque rouge sombre aux pieds de sa femme. Geste prémonitoire concernant la suite des événements ?[Chapter 5] Mythical Love Chapitre 5 Ingeras serré conte elle, Alinska avait le regard fixe, entendant en sourdine son époux discuter avec ses conseillers. Une servante lui proposa un verre de vin, elle l'accepta avec un petit sourire figé. Mais ses mains tremblaient trop et elle lâcha la coupe qui tomba sur le sol dans un bruit métallique. Vlad se tourna alors vers elle, découvrant une flaque rouge sombre aux pieds de sa femme. Geste prémonitoire concernant la suite des événements ? Il espérait sincèrement que non. Depuis dix ans, il était un homme de paix. Ne pouvait-il pas le rester ? À pas lents, il rejoignit sa famille. Alinska leva la tête, ses yeux bleus troubles de larmes. Elle chuchota : ' Tu avais promis, Vlad. ' ' Je sais. ' ' Tu avais promis qu'il ne nous arriverait rien ! ' ' Je ne peux rien y faire. ' ' Vraiment ? ' La voix d'Alinska devenait rageuse et il s'éloigna après avoir passé sa main dans les cheveux de son fils. Son épouse l'observa, sa longue cape pourpre soulevée par le vent. Quand les lourdes portes se refermèrent, un sanglot monta. L'instant d'après, elle pleurait en silence, le visage au milieu des boucles d'Ingeras. Qu'allait-il leur arriver ? Avec des gestes mécaniques, elle emmena son fils dans sa chambre. Comme il restait silencieux, elle le rassura, esquissant un faible sourire. ' Ne t'inquiète pas. Je suis sûre que… tout va s'arranger. ' ' Je sais. ' ' Ton père va trouver une solution. ' ' Je n'ai pas peur, maman. ' ' Je le sais, mon chéri. Et j'ignore si c'est une bonne ou une mauvaise chose… ' Bonus chapitre 6 * De jour en jour, il devenait un tueur implacable et insensible, donnant la mort sans sourciller. Et puis, dans ce monde obscur où le sang coulait à flot, son père l'avait ramené et il l'avait vue, elle , un ange tombé du ciel qui répondait au doux nom d'Alinska… ** Seuls ses yeux sombres reflétaient l'angoisse qui l'habitait. Il refusait qu'Ingeras aie la même éducation brutale, sauvage et dénuée de libre arbitre qu'il avait eue.[Chapter 6] Mythical Love Chapitre 6 La pluie tombait dru. Mais toujours, le seigneur du château restait immobile, insensible aux éléments qui se déchainaient. Son visage mince aux pommettes saillantes qui était fouetté par le vent était totalement impassible. Seuls ses yeux sombres reflétaient l'angoisse qui l'habitait. Il refusait qu'Ingeras ait la même éducation brutale, sauvage et dénuée de libre arbitre qu'il avait eu. Durant cinq ans, il avait suivi les ordres, tuant quand on le lui disait. De jour en jour, il devenait un tueur implacable et insensible, donnant la mort sans sourciller. Et puis, dans ce monde obscur où le sang coulait à flot, son père l'avait ramené et il l'avait vue, elle , un ange tombé du ciel qui répondait au doux nom d'Alinska… Il l'avait entendue approcher mais il ne réagit pas, toujours dos à elle. Ainsi, ce fut elle qui le contourna pour lui faire face. La gorge nouée, elle le questionna : ' Que vas-tu faire ? ' ' L'amener. ' ' Peut-être y-a-t-il un autre moyen. ' ' Non, Alin', il n'y en a pas. ' ' Mais il… il n'a que douze ans ! Il est encore un enfant ! ' ' Je l'étais aussi. ' ' Mais il n'est pas toi, Vlad ! ' ' Tu penses que je ne le sais pas ! Ingeras sera brisé, s'il rejoint les Ottomans ! ' ' Alors fais en sorte qu'il reste avec nous. ' Il soupira, passant une main dans ses cheveux tout en faisant quelques pas. ' J'aimerais en trouver, vraiment. Je partirais à sa place, si je le pouvais. ' ' Vlad, cela fait partie de ton passé. ' ' Vraiment ? J'ai pris tellement de plaisir à tuer. Peut-être suis-je destiné à vivre dans le sang et la violence. Et ces dix dernières années n'étaient qu'un rêve. ' ' Non ! ' Elle prit son visage entre ses mains, plongeant ses iris bleus dans ceux, semblable à des charbons ardents, de son époux. Collant leurs deux fronts, elle murmura : ' Tu es un homme bon, Vlad. Ce que tu as fait est juste, pour protéger ta famille et ton peuple. ' ' Mais cela sera-t-il suffisant ? ' ' Il faut être confiant. ' Longuement, il l'observa. Puis, comme la pluie s'intensifiait, il hocha la tête et l'embrassa sur le front. ' Rentrons. ' Bonus chapitre 7 * « Et mon âme ira en enfer, pour ce que j'ai fait. » « Si c'est le cas, je te rejoindrai. » ** Il descendit de son cheval et lentement, il approcha, la mâchoire crispée et l'œil sombre.[Chapter 7] Mythical Love Chapitre 7 Le lendemain matin, Vlad arriva, suivi par ses plus proches amis et, dans un carrosse, son fils et sa femme. Il descendit de son cheval et lentement, il approcha, la mâchoire crispée et l'œil sombre. En signe de bonne foi, il détacha son épée, la laissant tomber sur le sol. Comme Ingeras le rejoignait, ils arrivèrent face à l'émissaire turc qui sourit : ' Vous avez fait le bon choix. Même si je suis… déçu. Je m'attendais… à plus de résistance. ' Vlad sentait le regard d'Alinska dans son dos. Il savait que sa décision aurait de terribles conséquences, quoi qu'il choisisse. Devait-il livrer son fils, assurant ainsi la paix et la prospérité de son royaume, ou devait-il refuser et déclarer la guerre aux Ottomans ? Lentement, il se pencha vers Ingeras, saisissant son visage entre ses mains. Plongeant dans le regard brun de son fils, il chuchota : ' Va rejoindre ta mère. ' ' Quoi ?! ' ' Cours. ' Son descendant, après quelques instants, obéit. Alinska tendit les bras, il se réfugia tout contre elle comme un à un, les soldats turcs étaient tués par Vlad. Oui, tuer était toujours aussi facile… Il se pencha, ramassant son épée. Et alors qu'il la rattachait à sa taille, il vit Alinska approcher. En quinze ans de mariage, elle ne l'avait jamais vu tuer quelqu'un. Mais elle ne semblait pas horrifiée, juste… rassurée. Ils se firent face, il déclara : ' Je refuse que mon fils aie cette vie. ' ' Tu as bien fait. ' ' Et mon âme ira en enfer, pour ce que j'ai fait. ' ' Si c'est le cas, je te rejoindrai. ' ' Alin'… ' Elle secoua la tête, posant une main sur sa joue. ' Quel que soit ton destin, je le partagerai. ' ' Survivras-tu, si je meure ? ' ' Tu connais la réponse à cette question, Vlad. ' Pensivement, il acquiesça. Mais comme elle ouvrait la bouche, un des conseillers la devança, révélant : ' Mehmet ne se contentera pas de cette défaite, monseigneur. Il en enverra d'autres. Toute la Transylvanie sera attaquée. Vous ne pourrez pas nous protéger. ' ' Je trouverai un moyen. ' Alinska suivit son regard, découvrant le mont à la Dent Brisée. Elle fronça les sourcils, il ordonna à Dimitri : ' Ramène ma femme et mon fils au château. ' ' Vlad ? ' Il lui caressa la joue, esquissant un petit sourire. ' Il ne vous arrivera rien, Alin', je te le promets. ' ' Mais… ' ' Fais-moi confiance. ' Bonus chapitre 8 Mais comme il la prenait dans ses bras, il siffla de douleur. Alinska le regarda avec étonnement, il se contenta de sourire, évitant de toucher son cou, où reposait une croix d'argent.[Chapter 8] Mythical Love Chapitre 8 Pour contrer les représailles qui ne tarderaient pas, tous faisaient route vers le monastère, à quelques centaines de kilomètres. Mais alors qu'ils avançaient dans la forêt, Alinska ne pouvait s'empêcher de s'inquiéter. Où était Vlad ? Depuis le meurtre des soldats turcs, il n'était pas resté plus de deux heures avec eux. Pourquoi ? La nuit tomba et le campement fut installé. Et alors qu'Ingeras dormait, à la lumière dorée des bougies, Alinska se mit à faire les cent pas. Depuis leur mariage, c'était la première fois qu'elle était séparée aussi longtemps de son époux. Que faisait-il ? Un bruissement d'étoffe retentit et il était là, immobile à l'entrée de la tente. Elle sourit, s'attendant à ce qu'il la rejoigne. Mais au lieu de ça, il ne bougea pas, se contentant de l'observer. Elle fronça les sourcils, le questionnant : ' Vlad, est-ce que tout va bien ? ' ' La situation a changé. ' ' Je sais, tu as refusé d'obéir au sultan. ' Il secoua tristement la tête. ' Non, Alin'. C'est pire, bien pire que ça. ' ' Vlad, qu'as-tu fait ? ' ' Je… je te le montrerai, demain. Mettons-nous au lit, tu veux bien ? ' ' Bien sûr. ' Ils se changèrent et se couchèrent. Mais comme il la prenait dans ses bras, il siffla de douleur. Alinska le regarda avec étonnement, il se contenta de sourire, évitant de toucher son cou, où reposait une croix d'argent… Oo*oO Le lendemain matin, Alinska s'attendait à trouver Vlad à ses côtés. Mais quand elle tendit le bras, elle ne rencontra que du vide. Fronçant les sourcils, elle s'assit. C'est là qu'elle le vit, couché sur le sol, pantelant. Inquiète, elle approcha, rejetant la couverture qui le recouvrait. Là, elle se figea. Car face à elle, le dos de Vlad était intact. Toutes les traces de fouet semblaient avoir… disparu. Elle chuchota : ' Vlad ? ' Il leva la tête, elle le découvrit en sueur. ' Vlad, mais que se passe-t-il ? ' ' Je… je dois résister à… ' ' À quoi, Vlad ? ' ' À la soif… de sang. ' Horrifiée, elle recula, les yeux écarquillés. Elle souffla, les larmes brouillant sa vue : ' Vlad, qu'as-tu fait ? ' ' J'ai… réellement vendu mon âme au Diable. ' ' Mais… pourquoi ? ' ' Pour vous protéger, toi et Ingeras. ' ' Ce… ce n'était pas un animal, n'est-ce pas, au mont à la Dent Brisée ? ' Il admit, la tête baissée. ' Non. ' ' Et… que va-t-il se passer ? ' ' Dans trois jours, tout redeviendra normal. ' ' Tu… tu me le promets ? ' Il acquiesça, l'entendant approcher. Comme elle le rejoignait, il releva la tête. Elle s'exclama alors : ' Vlad, tes yeux ! ' ' Ils changeront de couleur. ' ' Et quelles sont les autres choses qui changeront ? ' ' Rien du tout. ' Elle le fixa, soupçonneuse, il lui répondit : ' Dans trois jours, les Turcs ne seront plus un problème. ' ' Et toi ? ' Bonus chapitre 9 Alinska sut alors qu'elle ne survivrait pas à cette journée. Seule, elle n'avait aucune chance…[Chapter 9] Mythical Love Chapitre 9 Vlad mit à profit ses nouveaux pouvoirs pour tuer à lui seul mille soldats de Mehmet. Le sultan, piqué au vif, en amena quinze mille autres assiéger le monastère. Monastère qui était désormais habité par la famille princière… Ingeras passa devant une porte, la découvrant condamnée par deux battants de bois. 'Qu'y a-t-il, dedans ?' 'Un élément de mon passé que j'espère ne jamais à avoir ressortir.' Il sourit à son fils, s'éloignant. Malheureusement, le soleil se levait… Quand Alinska arriva dans la cour, la foule avait repoussé Vlad dans une tente, le piégeant. Elle hurla, s'élançant, retenue par Dimitri, alors qu'on mettait le feu à la toile. Mais alors qu'elle s'effondrait sur le sol, en pleurs, le battant s'ouvrit, révélant le prince qui, lentement, reprenait apparence humaine. Il approcha de son épouse, tendant la main dans sa direction. Elle se releva, repoussant un moine. Il déclara d'un ton grave : 'Cette créature n'est plus votre époux, madame.' 'Et qui est-il ?' 'Une créature de Satan.' 'Soit.' 'Mais il doit être détruit !' La voix de Vlad retentit alors. 'Et vous pensez pouvoir vous battre ? Tout ce que j'ai fait, je l'ai fait pour vous protéger ! Sans moi, vous n'êtes rien !' Alinska le rejoignit, posant une main sur sa poitrine, là où son cœur battait… toujours. Les yeux dans les yeux, elle le questionna : 'Dans deux jours, tout rentrera dans l'ordre ?' 'Oui.' 'Alors reviens-moi… vivant.' Oo*oO Les nuages étaient bas comme le ciel restait obstinément gris. Le soleil aurait dut se lever des heures plus tôt. Mais Vlad contrôlait les éléments… Alinska et Ingeras attendaient, le cœur battant la chamade. Y arriverait-il ? 'Mère !' Elle se détourna, découvrant de nombreux soldats à la solde de Mehmet. Se positionnant devant son fils, elle fixa en silence les hommes approcher. Elle reconnut alors le soldat qui l'avait menacée de son épée. Mais désormais, Vlad n'était plus là pour la protéger… Il eut un sourire mauvais, répétant les mêmes mots : 'Personne ne bouge, princesse .' 'Je n'en avais pas l'intention.' Il approcha, tendant son épée. La pointe glacée pressa contre sa gorge, elle sentit une gouttelette de sang perler. Elle sentait Ingeras trembler derrière elle et elle pressa leurs mains. Tout irait bien. Il suffisait d'attendre que Vlad décime l'armée turque. Mais apparemment, le soldat en avait décidé autrement. Claquant des doigts, il ordonna : 'Attrapez le garçon.' 'Non !' 'Maman !' Mère et fils furent alors séparés. Alors qu'Ingeras était emmené, Alinska, elle, se retrouvait serrée contre le soldat. Elle tenta de se dégager, sans succès. Il eut un petit rire, resserrant sa prise. La princesse tendit le bras, dérobant lentement et précautionneusement une dague. Si Vlad était désormais un homme de paix, il lui avait tout de même apprit quelques rudiments de combat, dont quels étaient les points faibles d'un être humain. Le cou en était un… D'un geste dicté par le désespoir, elle leva le bras, enfonçant la lame sur le côté du cou du soldat. Il se figea, la lâchant. Elle recula, se collant contre le mur. L'homme la fixa avec ébahissement, portant une main à sa blessure. Quand il s'effondra, d'autres soldats arrivèrent. Alinska sut alors qu'elle ne survivrait pas à cette journée. Seule, elle n'avait aucune chance… Bonus chapitre 10 Il enfonça ses canines, entendant distinctement le petit gémissement de douleur de son épouse et sachant très bien qu'il s'en souviendrait, pour l'éternité.[Chapter 10] Mythical Love Chapitre 10 L'odeur du sang attira Vlad vers la terrasse du monastère. Quittant le champ de bataille, il s'éleva dans les airs pour découvrir Alinska, allongée sur le sol. Sa robe blanche était désormais recouverte de pourpre, recouverte de son sang… 'Alin', non !' 'Je… je devais protéger… Ingeras.' Il tomba à genoux devant elle, la serrant contre lui. Il chuchota, le visage enfoui au milieu de ses boucles blondes : 'Je te demande pardon, Alin'. Je n'ai pas pu vous protéger.' 'Tu protégeras notre fils.' 'Et toi ?' Elle recula lentement la tête, respirant déjà avec difficulté. Posant une main ensanglantée sur la joue de son époux, elle souffla : 'Bois mon sang.' 'Alin', non !' 'Ma… dernière heure… est arrivée. Toi… comme moi… le savons. Deviens immortel… et anéantis… les Turcs.' Le visage recouvert de larmes, il acquiesça, caressant amoureusement la joue de sa femme. Il posa alors ses lèvres sur la gorge d'Alinska, murmurant : 'Pardonne-moi.' Il enfonça ses canines, entendant distinctement le petit gémissement de douleur de son épouse et sachant très bien qu'il s'en souviendrait, pour l'éternité. 'Je t'aime, Alin'. Tellement. Et je te retrouverai, j'en fais le serment.' Bonus chapitre 11 * La jeune femme était belle et jeune, arborant deux yeux bleus, encadrés par une longue chevelure bouclée dorée. ** Toujours, il la suivait, restant plongé dans l'ombre. Il l'avait perdue une fois, il refusait que ça se produise à nouveau.[Chapter 11] Mythical Love Chapitre 11 Roumanie – 2012. La jeune femme était belle et jeune, arborant deux yeux bleus, encadrés par une longue chevelure bouclée dorée. Son doux visage s'éclaira comme elle souriait à ce que son interlocuteur lui disait. Oui, elle était magnifique. Et depuis plus d'un demi-millénaire, il l'attendait. Mais ce n'était pas le bon moment, pas encore. Alinska tourna la tête, observant un homme s'éloigner, son long manteau noir soulevé dans les airs. Elle crut voir une cape rouge claquer dans le vent mais quand elle releva la tête, il avait disparu. 'Chérie ? Est-ce que ça va ?' 'Très bien. J'ai cru…' 'Quoi ?' Elle secoua la tête, lui souriant : 'Rien du tout, c'est stupide.' 'Très bien. Je te ressers un peu de vin ?' 'Non-merci.' 'Il va falloir l'annoncer.' 'L'annoncer ?' 'Nos fiançailles.' 'Oh. Bien sûr.' 'Chérie, tu es sûre que ça va ?' Elle tiqua, se retenant de lui dire qu'elle avait un prénom, comme tout le monde. Ses parents l'avaient appelée Alinska, en l'honneur de son aïeule, épouse d'un seigneur de Transylvanie. Et s'il persistait à l'appeler chérie… Elle desserra son poing, lâchant le couteau. Et sous les yeux ébahis de David, elle se leva, s'éloignant rapidement. 'Où vas-tu ?' 'Prendre l'air.' 'Mais tu reviens, hein ?' Elle ne prit même pas la peine de répondre, sortant du restaurant. Oui, le grand air lui ferait du bien… Oo*oO Toujours, il la suivait, restant plongé dans l'ombre. Il l'avait perdue une fois, il refusait que ça se produise à nouveau. Alinska savait qu'elle n'était pas seule. Elle sentait une présence sombre mais en même temps calmante et protectrice. Tentant de conserver une voix ferme, elle appela : 'Approchez, je sais que vous êtes là. De quoi avez-vous peur ?' 'Je n'ai peur de rien.' Il s'était matérialisé juste devant elle, la faisant sursauter. La chevelure était sombre, bouclée. Le regard était noir, tel un puits sans fond. Et quand elle s'y plongea, elle vit une terrible tristesse et une grande solitude. 'Vous étiez là, tout à l'heure, n'est-ce pas ?' 'C'est exact.' 'Pourquoi ?' 'Éviter qu'il ne vous arrive malheur.' 'Mais… nous ne nous connaissons pas.' 'Pas encore . Mais ça peut s'arranger.' Elle secoua la tête, répliquant : 'Je dois retrouver mon fiancé. Il… il m'attend et…' Elle s'interrompit en voyant le visage fermé de son interlocuteur. La mâchoire crispée et les poings serrés, il semblait en proie à une profonde colère. 'Vous devriez rejoindre votre… fiancé .' 'Ou… oui, je vais le faire.' 'Ça vaut mieux.' 'Pour moi ?' 'Pour lui.' Elle acquiesça faiblement, s'éloignant. Mais alors qu'elle quittait la sombre allée, elle crut l'entendre dire : « Mais je suis ton époux. Et je le resterai, jusqu'à la fin des temps. » C'était dingue, n'est-ce pas ? Et complètement illogique. N'est-ce pas ? Bonus chapitre 12 * '' Dracula ? Vous êtes en train de me dire que…'' '' Il était un homme, autrefois. Un homme qui aimait passionnément son épouse. '' ** Je vois… une mort, survenue il y a très longtemps. Je vois un pacte, fait avec le Diable. Et enfin, la rédemption, pour une âme… tourmentée. Cela vous dit-il quelque chose ?[Chapter 12] Mythical Love Chapitre 12 Quelques jours passèrent, Alinska n'y prêta plus attention. Mais alors qu'elle accompagnait David à une petite foire, en bordure de la ville, il insista pour qu'elle aille voir une cartomancienne. Elle ne croyait pas à toutes ces choses mais elle accepta, jouant le jeu. Elle pénétra alors dans la roulotte. L'habitacle était sombre et une forte odeur d'encens flottait dans l'air. Alors qu'elle s'installait, une silhouette apparut, déclarant : 'Bonsoir, je suis Vilma. Voulez-vous que je tire les cartes ?' 'Oui, s'il vous plaît.' 'Très bien.' Elle prit un paquet, le mélangeant. Ensuite, elle les disposa sur la table, en trois tas retournés. Pointant un doigt, elle indiqua à Alinska : 'Retournez les cartes, s'il vous plaît.' La jeune femme s'exécuta, sentant son cœur accélérer et ses paumes devenir moites. Mais pourquoi ? Après tout, elle n'y croyait pas. 'Je vois… une mort, survenue il y a très longtemps. Je vois un pacte, fait avec le Diable. Et enfin, la rédemption, pour une âme… tourmentée. Cela vous dit-il quelque chose ?' 'Oui mais…' 'Mais ?' 'C'est complètement ridicule.' 'Vraiment ? Croyez-vous à la réincarnation, Alinska ?' Elle se figea, soufflant : 'Comment connaissez-vous mon nom ?' 'Car il y a exactement 550 ans aujourd'hui, votre ancêtre fut tuée par les Ottomans. Son époux, Vlad, but son sang, devenant ainsi immortel.' 'Dracula ? Vous êtes en train de me dire que…' 'Il était un homme, autrefois. Un homme qui aimait passionnément son épouse.' Alinska secoua la tête. 'C'est impossible, je ne peux pas être…' 'Mais vous l'avez vu, n'est-ce pas ?' 'Je… je ne sais pas.' La cartomancienne sourit : 'Ne vous inquiétez pas, il vous retrouvera.' Oo*oO Elle s'était éloignée, ignorant les appels de David. Il fallait qu'elle le voie. Elle ignorait pourquoi mais il le fallait. Le tonnerre gronda, elle s'arrêta. Les lumières de la foire étaient loin, désormais, et les lampes de la ville n'éclairaient pas autant. Ainsi, de seconde en seconde, elle était davantage plongée dans l'obscurité. 'Ce n'est pas prudent, de se promener seule, le soir.' Elle resta dos à lui, chuchotant : 'Je sais qui vous êtes.' 'Vraiment ? J'en doute fort.' 'Vous êtes… Dracula.' Il fut alors face à elle, esquissant un petit sourire. 'Dracula est un être de légendes. Je suis…' 'Vlad.' Il arqua un sourcil, elle soupira : 'Écoutez, je ne sais pas comment, j'ai… des flash.' 'Des flash ?' 'Des visions.' 'À quel propos ?' 'Vous.' Il secoua la tête. 'Vous n'êtes pas ma femme. Elle est morte.' 'Je sais, il y a 550 ans aujourd'hui.' 'Vilma, n'est-ce pas ?' 'Vous la connaissez ?' 'En effet.' 'Alors vous savez que…' 'Qu'elle a inventé toute cette histoire.' Il fit volte-face, l'abandonnant dans la nuit. Elle s'écria alors : 'Attendez ! Je suis Alinska. Peut-être pas votre femme mais…' 'Mais quoi ?' 'Vous portiez une cape, rouge, dont le col était bordé de fourrure. Vous croyez toujours que… Vilma a tout inventé ?' Bonus chapitre 13 * Alors qu'elle relevait la tête, elle rencontra le regard sombre du prince transylvanien, toujours aussi beau et aussi jeune, après cinq siècles. Devait-elle être effrayée ? Sûrement. L'était-elle ? ** Vlad tourna alors la tête vers elle, révélant deux yeux rougeoyant et deux longues canines. 'Vlad Dracula…'[Chapter 13] Mythical Love Chapitre 13 Ils se faisaient désormais face à face. Mais comme il la voyait plisser des yeux, il attrapa sa main. Elle frissonna au contact de sa peau si froide mais ne dit rien. L'instant d'après, ils étaient au centre de Bucarest. Elle recula, s'adossant contre le mur pour contrer le vertige qui la menaçait. Alors qu'elle relevait la tête, elle rencontra le regard sombre du prince transylvanien, toujours aussi beau et aussi jeune, après cinq siècles. Devait-elle être effrayée ? Sûrement. L'était-elle ? 'Je ne vous ferai jamais le moindre mal.' 'Vous êtes… un vampire. Vous buvez du sang, pour vous nourrir. Qui me dit que vous n'allez pas boire le mien ?' 'Parce que je l'ai déjà fait.' Elle écarquilla les yeux pour les fermer l'instant d'après. Devant elle se dressait désormais un monastère. Une jeune femme blonde était allongée sur le sol, ensanglantée. Comme elle approchait, elle s'immobilisa. Car face à elle se tenait… son double, Alinska Dracula, épouse de Vlad Tepes, prince de Valachie. Une nuée de chauve-souris apparut, se transformant en un homme aux boucles noires et au regard sombre. Elle chuchota : 'Alors c'est vrai. Elle est morte pour qu'il devienne vampire, à jamais.' Vlad tourna alors la tête vers elle, révélant deux yeux rougeoyant et deux longues canines. 'Vlad Dracula…' Oo*oO Quand elle rouvrir les yeux, il était toujours là, impassible. Penchant légèrement la tête sur le côté, il la questionna : 'Qu'avez-vous vu ?' 'Ma… mort.' 'Le jour que je maudis le plus.' 'Parce que vous êtes devenu vampire ?' 'Parce qu'elle est morte et que j'ai failli à ma promesse.' 'Mais les Turcs n'ont pas envahi l'Europe. Et… votre fils est monté sur le trône.' Il soupira, secouant la tête. 'Trop tôt. Beaucoup trop tôt.' 'Pour le monde, vous étiez mort.' 'Et j'ai vu ce monde changer.' 'Est-il meilleur ?' 'Il était plongé dans l'ombre, jusqu'à il y a trente ans.' 'Trente ans ?' 'Joyeux anniversaire, Alin'.' Elle esquissa un sourire incertain, portant une main à sa tempe comme une douleur sourde commençait lentement à marteler son cerveau. Elle plissa les yeux, haletant. Comme elle sentait ses genoux céder, une poigne de fer la retint par la taille, la maintenant debout. Comme dans un brouillard, elle entendit la voix de Vlad, pressante : 'Alinska, est-ce que tout va bien ?' 'J'ai… j'ai mal à la tête. Tellement mal à la tête.' 'Venez, il vaut mieux vous asseoir.' 'Pourquoi est-ce que c'est si… douloureux ?' À travers ses dents serrées, il lui assura : 'Tout se passera bien, je le promets.' 'Vlad ?... Vlad !' Bonus chapitre 14 * Mais depuis quelques jours, elle savait que les apparences pouvaient être… dangereusement trompeuses. ** Des souvenirs vieux de plus de 500 ans mais qui, dans un certain sens, la concernaient. Car elle était Alinska, une autre Alinska. *** 'Le vampire médecin ? Vous vous la jouez Twilight ?' '… J'avoue ne pas comprendre cette référence.' 'Ce n'est pas une grande perte.'[Chapter 14] Mythical Love Chapitre 14 Quand elle se réveilla, Alinska découvrit un environnement stérile et aseptisé. L'hôpital… 'Ma chérie ? Ma chérie, tu es réveillée ? Comment tu te sens ?' Elle grogna, refermant les yeux. David… Elle avait complètement oublié son existence et franchement, elle ne s'en portait pas si mal. Évidemment, elle ne pouvait pas le lui dire. Avant tout, garder les apparences. Mais depuis quelques jours, elle savait que les apparences pouvaient être… dangereusement trompeuses. Elle s'obligea à sourire, accueillant son fiancé. 'Bonjour David.' 'Tu te sens mieux ?' 'Nettement mieux, merci.' 'Qu'est-ce qui s'est passé ?' 'Je ne sais pas. Un coup de fatigue, je suppose. Comment suis-je arrivée ici ?' 'Un passant t'a amenée.' 'Oh.' 'Tu veux que j'appelle ta mère ?' 'Ce ne sera pas nécessaire. Et de toute façon, elle est en Italie, en ce moment. Inutile de l'inquiéter.' Il fronça les sourcils. 'Tu es sûre que ça va ? Tu as l'air… différente.' 'Ça va. Tu… tu peux aller m'acheter une bouteille d'eau ?' 'Bien sûr, chérie.' 'Merci.' Le sourire perdura quelques secondes après qu'il ait quitté la pièce puis elle ferma les yeux, soupirant. Une voix retentit alors, la faisant sursauter : 'Comment vous sentez-vous ?' Elle rouvrit les yeux pour découvrir Vlad, en blouse blanche. 'Le vampire médecin ? Vous vous la jouez Twilight ?' '… J'avoue ne pas comprendre cette référence.' 'Ce n'est pas une grande perte.' Il sourit, avançant dans la pièce. Comme il la rejoignait, il fronça les sourcils, la questionnant : 'Sérieusement, comment vous sentez-vous ?' 'Mieux.' 'Vous étiez inconsciente quand…' 'Alors c'était bien vous.' 'Vous en doutiez ?' 'Non. Il y a du bon en… toi, Vlad.' Il parut surpris, agréablement. Mais ce petit moment fut interrompu par le retour de David. 'Ah, docteur. Comment va-t-elle ?' 'Mieux.' 'Elle peut quitter l'hôpital, alors ? Parce qu'il faut préparer le mariage et…' Alinska vit distinctement Vlad se raidir. Elle ouvrit la bouche, elle fut devancée par le tonnerre. D'une voix sèche et coupante, il répondit : 'Non, elle ne sort pas aujourd'hui. Elle a encore besoin de repos.' 'Mais…' 'D'ailleurs, les visites sont terminées.' 'C'est faux, je viens de…' 'Dehors !' Oo*oO Lentement, le ciel s'éclaircit comme Vlad se calmait. Alinska murmura : 'Je suis désolée.' 'Ce n'est pas de ta faute.' 'Si. J'ai accepté la demande en mariage d'un autre alors que…' 'Tu ne savais pas.' 'Et si ça avait été jusqu'au mariage ?' 'Je l'aurais empêché.' Elle fit la moue, dubitative, il arqua un sourcil. 'Je peux être très persuasif.' 'Oh, je sais.' 'Alors tu te rappelles ?' 'Morceau par morceau.' 'Bien. Mais tu vas réellement te reposer.' 'Et toi ?' 'Je ne serai pas loin.' Elle acquiesça en souriant, il fit de même, sortant de la chambre. Et quand elle s'endormit, elle avait le sourire aux lèvres. Car lentement, les souvenirs lui revenaient. Des souvenirs vieux de plus de 500 ans mais qui, dans un certain sens, la concernaient. Car elle était Alinska, une autre Alinska. Mais désormais, ça n'avait plus d'importance. Vlad l'avait retrouvée, copie conforme de son épouse bien-aimée, morte bien trop tôt, par sa faute… Bonus chapitre 15 * Alinska, je te promets de te chérir, jusqu'à ma mort. Et si elle venait à me prendre, alors je t'attendrai, au paradis… ou en enfer. ** « Je vendrais mon âme pour notre lit. » « Non, garde ton âme. Le sol fera l'affaire. » *** Lentement, il pencha la tête, collant leurs deux fronts. Leurs doigts s'enlacèrent comme ils fermaient les yeux, savourant la sensation de s'être enfin retrouvés.[Chapter 15] Mythical Love Chapitre 15 Deux jours plus tard et cinquante appels manqués de David, Alinska « revenait » en Transylvanie. Sortant de la voiture, elle observa le château, magnifique construction de défense, toujours en place. Vlad la rejoignit, tendant la main. Elle y posa la sienne en souriant et ils pénétrèrent dans la cour. Les deux lourdes portes s'ouvrirent, révélant alors une tête bien connue. 'Vilma ?!' 'Bonjour… princesse.' 'Vous étiez derrière tout ça depuis le début ?' 'Pratiquement.' 'Mais… comment ?' 'Les astres avaient prédit votre renaissance. Il fallait juste… attendre. Mais entrez, je vous en prie.' Alinska retrouva alors la salle de banquet, là où, à la Pâques de 1462, tout avait basculé. Comme elle passait une main sur le mur, Vlad attrapa l'autre. Elle tourna la tête vers lui, il sourit : 'Viens, je voudrais te montrer quelque chose.' Docilement, elle le suivit à travers les dédales de couloirs pour, au final, entrer dans leur chambre. Évidemment, le mobilier avait disparu. Mais au centre de la pièce se trouvait une petite boîte. Alinska regarda Vlad, il lui fit signe d'aller l'ouvrir. S'accroupissant, elle s'exécuta, sursautant. Car là, au milieu d'autres bijoux, se tenait son alliance. 'Alors tu l'as gardée.' 'Je savais que je te retrouverais. Depuis 550 ans, elle a attendu.' 'Tout comme toi.' Elle se releva, il s'agenouilla dans la poussière. Les larmes aux yeux, elle sourit comme il prenait ses mains, récitant leurs vœux : 'Alinska, je te promets de te chérir, jusqu'à ma mort. Et si elle venait à me prendre, alors je t'attendrai, au paradis… ou en enfer.' Délicatement, il saisit le bijou, le passant au doigt de celle qui avait été sa femme et qui, aujourd'hui, le redevenait officiellement. Comme il se remettait debout, elle s'enquit : 'Et la tienne ?' Il écarta sa chemise, révélant une chaîne en or. Alors, les yeux dans les yeux, elle souleva la chaîne, la faisant passer par-dessus la tête de Vlad. Détachant l'alliance, elle répéta ce qu'il venait de dire, le sourire tremblant de larmes. Lentement, il pencha la tête, collant leurs deux fronts. Leurs doigts s'enlacèrent comme ils fermaient les yeux, savourant la sensation de s'être enfin retrouvés. 'Je t'aime, Alin'. Je n'ai jamais cessé.' 'Je sais. Et si j'étais trop aveugle pour le voir, au fond de moi, je crois que… je l'ai toujours su.' Il sourit, l'embrassant sur le front. Elle se haussa alors sur la pointe des pieds, cherchant ses lèvres. Immédiatement, il lui répondit, l'attirant tout contre lui. Il chuchota contre ses lèvres : 'Je vendrais mon âme pour notre lit.' 'Non, garde ton âme. Le sol fera l'affaire.' Bonus chapitre 16 Un étrange petit sourire aux lèvres, il lui conseilla : 'Vous devriez rentrer chez vous. Je ne suis pas aussi… clément que mon épouse.'[Chapter 16] Mythical Love Chapitre 16 Ils eurent une semaine de paix. Une semaine à se redécouvrir, physiquement et spirituellement. Mais le bonheur est éphémère, ils en savaient quelque chose. 'C'est la voiture de David.' 'Il est coriace, je dois l'avouer.' 'Nos fiançailles sont toujours d'actualité.' Avec un sourire narquois, il éleva sa main, montrant son alliance. Elle roula des yeux en souriant : 'Du moins, pour lui.' 'Et bien, il va vite apprendre qu'il ne te prendra jamais comme épouse.' Main dans la main, ils sortirent, observant David approcher. Celui-ci eut un moment d'arrêt en les voyant côte à côte mais il se reprit rapidement. 'Vous êtes le propriétaire de ce château ?' 'En effet. Il a… toujours appartenu à ma famille.' Alinska esquissa un petit sourire et libéra ses doigts de ceux de Vlad. Elle sentit son inquiétude mais le rassura d'un coup d'œil. Ils s'étaient désormais retrouvés et rien ni personne ne pourrait les séparer… Oo*oO Ils s'étaient éloignés, pour discuter. Mais Vlad sentait bien que David était trop nerveux pour une simple conversation. Il le vit s'énerver, gesticulant et le pointant du doigt. Toujours, Alinska restait calme et immobile, lui répondant posément. Toutefois, ce ne fut pas suffisant. Et quand David sortit une arme, Vlad ferma les yeux, soupirant. L'homme était encore plus stupide qu'il ne le pensait. À la vue de l'arme, Alinska avait reculé d'un pas. Essayant de rester calme, elle dit : 'David, la violence ne résoudra rien.' 'Oh si, justement. Tu es à moi, Alinska. Il n'est qu'un obstacle sur ma route.' 'Non, je ne crois pas. Je suis vraiment désolée, David.' 'Pourquoi ?' 'Vlad ?' Il fut derrière elle en une seconde, posant une main sur sa taille. Comme il embrassait ses boucles blondes, elle chuchota : 'Renvoie-le chez lui.' 'Je pourrais tout aussi bien le tuer.' 'Non !' Elle se retourna, posant ses deux mains sur la poitrine de son époux, dont le cœur resterait éternellement silencieux. 'Je veux que tu restes l'homme droit et juste que j'ai épousé, Vlad. David ne vaut pas la peine d'être tué.' 'Soit, comme tu voudras.' Il lui caressa la joue pour ensuite s'éloigner. Et sous les yeux de David, il leva le bras vers le ciel. Quelques secondes plus tard, une multitude de chauves-souris arrivaient, volant tout autour de David. Il tenta de les faire partir, il en fut incapable, reculant encore et encore. Collé contre la voiture d'Alinska, il découvrit alors Vlad debout devant lui. Entre ses doigts, la clé de la voiture. Un étrange petit sourire aux lèvres, il lui conseilla : 'Vous devriez rentrer chez vous. Je ne suis pas aussi… clément que mon épouse.' 'Votre épouse ?' 'Au revoir, David.' Il fixa Alinska sans comprendre, elle ne lui donna aucune explication, se contentant de le fixer de ses grands yeux bleus. Il sut alors que contre cet homme étrange, il n'avait aucune chance. Et s'il voulait rester vivant, mieux valait s'éloigner, en effet… Bonus chapitre 17 * Elle pouvait mourir, si facilement. Alors il la perdrait, à jamais. ** Elle serait alors sienne, pour l'éternité. Mais elle quitterait le monde des vivants, rejoignant celui des Ombres. *** Il se tenait dans l'ombre, sombre seigneur aux pouvoirs surnaturels.[Chapter 17] Mythical Love Chapitre 17 Alinska observa David partir, se questionnant. L'avait-elle vraiment aimé ? Certainement au début, oui. 'Alin' ?' Elle se tourna vers Vlad, lui souriant : 'Oui ?' 'Tout va bien ? Tu sembles… soucieuse.' 'Oui… enfin, non.' Il fronça les sourcils, elle soupira, faisant quelques pas. Comme elle s'arrêtait, elle s'enquit : 'Et maintenant ? Que va-t-il se passer ?' 'Nous pouvons vivre ensembles. N'est-ce pas ce que tu veux ?' 'Oh si. Seulement…' Il la rejoignit, prenant son visage entre ses mains. 'Qu'est-ce qui te préoccupe ?' 'Tu vas vivre, éternellement. Mais pas moi.' Il se raidit, secouant la tête. La mâchoire serrée, il gronda : 'Il n'en est pas question !' 'Alors je mourrai.' 'Je ne t'infligerai pas ça, Alin'.' 'Et je refuse que tu passes à nouveau ta vie tout seul.' Ils se faisaient face, tous deux déterminés. Mais elle avait raison, il devait le reconnaitre. Elle pouvait mourir, si facilement. Alors il la perdrait, à jamais. Devait-il accéder à sa demande et la transformer ? Elle serait alors sienne, pour l'éternité. Mais elle quitterait le monde des vivants, rejoignant celui des Ombres. Alors que faire ? Oo*oO Vlad avait disparu, quittant le château avant qu'elle se réveille. Ainsi, Alinska déambula dans les couloirs, souriant face aux doux souvenirs qui lui revenaient. Leur mariage, célébré en grande pompe. La naissance d'Ingeras, par une froide nuit d'hier. Refusant de laisser son épouse, Vlad avait tenu sa main durant tout l'accouchement, insensible au regard noir de la sage-femme. Elle sentit sa présence, se retournant. Il se tenait dans l'ombre, sombre seigneur aux pouvoirs surnaturels. Elle le questionna du regard, il révéla : 'Je le ferai.' 'C'est vrai ? Quand ça ?' 'Ce soir.' 'Très bien.' 'Alin', la transformation est terriblement douloureuse.' 'Mais je n'en attendais pas moins.' 'Et ta souffrance sera mienne.' Lentement, elle le rejoignit, posant une main sur sa joue. 'Je survivrai, je te le promets.' 'Et je veillerai à ce que tu tiennes ta promesse.' Elle sourit, se haussant sur la pointe des pieds et enroulant ses bras autour de son cou. Tout contre ses lèvres, elle souffla : 'Vilma a amené des couvertures.' 'Vraiment ?' 'Huhu.' 'Jolie attention.' Face au sourcil arqué de son épouse, il esquissa un charmant petit sourire en coin. 'Soit, allons utiliser ces couvertures.' Bonus chapitre 18 * Et quand le soir arriva, Alinska se retrouva debout à la fenêtre, observant le soleil être entièrement absorbé par la nuit. ** Ils n'auraient pas vu l'aura sombre qui les entourait comme ils n'auraient pas remarqué les chauves-souris, étrangement nombreuses, postées sur les arbres. Alors oui, les apparences étaient trompeuses. Mais l'étaient-elles, vraiment ? *** Un sourire ironique étira les lèvres de son époux : 'Tu as hurlé à la mort.' 'Je… je ne m'en souviens pas.' 'Alors tant mieux. Mais moi, je m'en souviendrai.'[Chapter 18] Mythical Love Chapitre 18 Lentement, la journée passa. Et quand le soir arriva, Alinska se retrouva debout à la fenêtre, observant le soleil être entièrement absorbé par la nuit. La voix de Vlad retentit alors dans son dos : 'Il est temps.' Elle se retourna, avançant à pas lents vers lui. Il enlaça leurs doigts comme ils se couchaient sur les couvertures. Il initia leur baiser, s'allongeant sur elle. Bien vite, il dévia vers sa mâchoire… et sa gorge. Mais toujours, il se contentait de l'embrasser. Jusqu'à ce que, d'un coup, elle sente ses crocs transpercer sa peau. Comme la douleur arrivait, elle se raidit. Mais il la maintint aisément immobile, buvant son sang. Elle sentit ses yeux papillonner, la faiblesse remplaçant toute volonté de fuir. À travers un voile opaque, elle vit Vlad se relever, les yeux étincelant et le menton recouvert de pourpre. Il releva sa manche, mordant l'intérieur de son poignet. D'un doigt sur le menton d'Alinska, il lui ouvrit la bouche, lui faisant avaler son propre sang. Elle ferma alors les yeux, inconsciente, et il se leva en soupirant. Il fallait désormais attendre… Le soleil se leva et à nouveau, il se coucha. Ce fut à ce moment-là qu'Alinska ouvrit enfin les yeux. Restant immobile, elle observa ce qui l'entourait, admirant la netteté de sa vision. Mais son ouïe avait également été améliorée, tout comme son odorat. Et quand elle posa une main sur sa poitrine, elle ne perçut aucun battement. Des bruits de pas l'alertèrent et elle tourna la tête, souriant à Vlad. Mais il ne partagea pas sa joie, une grimace déformant ses traits. 'Tu as hurlé, Alin'.' 'Hurlé ?' Un sourire ironique étira les lèvres de son époux : 'Hurlé à la mort.' 'Je… je ne m'en souviens pas.' 'Alors tant mieux. Mais moi, je m'en souviendrai.' Oo*oO Elle était sortie dans la forêt, essayant ses nouveaux pouvoirs. Puissance, rapidité, transformation, contrôle des éléments,… La liste semblait infinie. Il arriva dans son dos, elle resta immobile, le questionnant : 'Pourquoi n'es-tu pas heureux ? Je suis immortelle, désormais, tout comme toi.' 'Je sais.' 'Nous pourrions vivre éternellement ensembles. N'était-ce pas ce que tu voulais ?' 'Si.' 'Alors quoi ?' Il fut face à elle, la fixant de son regard si sombre. 'Pour vivre… éternellement, tu devras boire du sang. Te sens-tu capable de le faire ?' 'Si c'est la condition pour rester à tes côtés, alors oui.' 'Qu'il en soit ainsi.' Elle tendit le bras, l'attrapant par le revers de son manteau. D'un geste brusque, elle l'attira vers elle en souriant : 'Je suis aussi forte que toi, désormais.' 'Certes.' 'Embrasse-moi ?' Enfin, un sourire apparut sur le visage de Vlad comme il se penchait vers elle, collant leurs deux fronts. Ses lèvres frôlant celles d'Alinska, il chuchota : 'À vos ordres, princesse de mon cœur.' Des promeneurs passant par-là auraient vu un couple, elle blonde et lui noir de cheveux, en train de s'embrasser. Ils n'auraient pas vu l'aura sombre qui les entourait comme ils n'auraient pas remarqué les chauves-souris, étrangement nombreuses, postées sur les arbres. Alors oui, les apparences étaient trompeuses. Mais l'étaient-elles, vraiment ? ","Summary":" Mythical Love Chapitre 1 Transylvanie – 1462. L'après-midi durant, Ingeras était resté à la fenêtre"},{"Movie":"Sunshine","Title":"Another Earth","Author":"Acrystar","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9312245","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Note de l'auteur : Voilà longtemps que je voulais écrire une fic sur Sunshine, slash bien entendu, il m'aura fallu plus de temps que nécessaire mais voilà. Bien entendu rien ne m'appartient à part la trame. Enjoy ! Acrystar . Another Earth 1 Quand la bombe stellaire explosa, ce fut comme il l'avait expliqué maintes et maintes fois à Cassie il y eut une étincelle, comme lors des simulations, puis une autre et encore une autre, nées de fragmentations et ce fut comme des milliers d'étoiles… Une explosion silencieuse un big bang à petite échelle, la naissance d'une nouvelle étoile dans la mort d'une autre… La raison pour laquelle il n'avait jamais eu peur même loin de chez lui, puisque Capa ne serait jamais rentré même si la mission n'avait pas été ce désastre. Contemplatif, il voulait être le témoin de ce miracle, le soleil renaissant de ses cendres tel un phénix. Pardon à sa sœur qui l'attendait, mais il ne rentrerait pas, il ne rentrerait jamais. Son destin était là à portée de doigts, dissolu dans la masse bienveillante du soleil. Les autres membres d'Icarus n'étaient plus et malgré la beauté du spectacle, il pensait à eux et leur famille, à Cassie, Corazon, Trey, Searle, Kaneda, Harley et même Mace… Ses collègues auraient mérité de revoir la Terre, de la fouler à nouveau sous un matin ensoleillé, comme dans les souvenirs presque oubliés… Le temps… l'espace… tout était distordu au point qu'il pouvait ressentir chaque atome de son corps et du soleil se fondre en une seule matière. Capa ne rentrerait pas, il serait là où toutes ses pensées l'avaient mené, peut-être moins maladivement que Pinebaker. Il n'y avait rien de divin ici, juste l'étincelle de toute vie sur Terre. Capa était un scientifique, non un fanatique religieux. - Tu n'as pas peur ? » Comment pouvait-on éprouver la peur devant telle magnificence ? Il pleurait des larmes d'admiration devant le soleil qui avançait vers lui, devant ces flammes qui léchaient sa peau sans le faire souffrir. Que ne donnerait-il pas pour que les autres voient ça ?! Il repensa à Kaneda disparut dans une vague de vent solaire, il repensa à Trey mort dans sa flaque de sang, à Searle dissout dans les rayons du soleil, à Harvey happé par les ténèbres froides de l'espace, il repensa au regard vide de Corazon lorsqu'elle fut aspiré dans la nuit sans fin, à Cassie qu'il avait perdu dans toute cette pagaille et à Mace… Mace… mort gelé dans le liquide refroidissement d'Icarus pour le mener là où il était, sauver la Terre… Ils avaient tous fait ce rêve, tomber dans l'espace, planer autour du soleil et s'y faire bruler… Ceux qui avaient conçu la mission avait eu l'idée merveilleuse de donner au dernier espoir de l'humanité le nom d'un homme qui mourut à cause du soleil et de sa présomption, peut-être que leur destin avait été tracé dès le début… Capa savait maintenant que son bras tendu n'était plus, le soleil l'avait avalé et il n'en restait plus rien ; il ferma les yeux, serein, il rejoindrait bientôt les autres, car il sentait sa peau s'effriter et devenir cendres balayées par le souffle flamboyant de l'astre en fusion. L'image d'une fleur de pissenlit se posa dans son esprit, d'autres enfants pourrons jouer avec cette fleur et disséminer ses graines à travers un simple souffle, comme voulant assister à ce spectacle une dernière fois, Capa ouvrit les yeux et souffla, faisant virevolter les reste de son corps dans une magnifique danse. - Je n'ai pas peur… » Il préférait finir ici que dans la terre, enfermé dans un cercueil, ici il serait bien et pourrait regarder la Terre du meilleur endroit possible… Si le soleil était un dieu, alors il serait un ange… Qu'est-ce que la mort ? L'arrêt d'un cœur ? Le manque d'oxygénation d'un cerveau ? Le néant ? La science avait ses limites, Capa l'avait toujours su. Il avait l'impression de flotter dans le vide, l'obscurité sans fin… Où qu'il soit à présent, bercé par les bras invisible de l'astre solaire, Capa se sentait bien. La sensation était indéfinissable, il n'était pas enveloppé de coton, ou même de soie, mais ça lui faisait un nid agréable et paisible. Il ne pouvait pas bouger, ses membres n'étaient plus là de toute façon son corps étant redevenu poussière, aussi il flottait, un amas de conscience perdu dans l'infini de l'espace… Une pensée qui aurait pu être terrifiante pour n'importe qui mais pas pour lui. Il ne s'était jamais senti aussi bien… - Robert, tu ne veux pas jouer avec tes camarades ? » - Non. » Il avait huit ans, tout juste assez fort pour tenir le large livre de son père traitant du système solaire. Il regardait avec avidité les clichés d'Hubble et pensait à l'immensité, aux autres mondes, aux extraterrestres et tout ce qui pouvait se cacher au-delà de ce que l'œil humain pouvait déceler. Il voulait être astronaute ! Sa mère rigola, mais elle le conforta dans son rêve et l'aida du mieux qu'elle put. A douze ans, sa chambre ressemblait au laboratoire d'un savant fou. Un télescope trônait fièrement dans la chambre au milieu des posters de comètes et clichés de planètes inconnues ou de galaxies reculées. Sur la porte de son fils, l'on pouvait voir l'œil de dieu, une mise en garde sur ce qui se trouvait à l'intérieur… Cette image la mettait toujours mal à l'aise, car très pieuse elle voyait dans cette nébuleuse le signe de quelque chose de supérieur. Elle avait fait son deuil de mère, car jamais elle ne partagea de moment complice avec son fils, comme elle l'avait fait avec sa fille. Son fils était distant, n'avait aucun ami et gardait le nez levé dans les cieux à la recherche de quelque chose. - Le soleil est malade. » Malade ? Si ça avait été le cas, les gens auraient été mis au courant… Elle secoua la chevelure de son fils, ne faisant pas attention à ses calculs et ses démonstrations, oui, les hivers se faisaient de plus en plus rudes mais tout à chacun disait que c'était à cause du réchauffement climatique, il n'y avait rien d'alarmant. Lorsque le présentateur télé annonça un communiqué spécial, sa mère observa le sigle de la maison blanche avec appréhension et c'est en oubliant sa tasse de café qui se fracassa au sol qu'elle apprit la vérité de la bouche de son président. Le soleil se mourrait annonçant la fin de l'humanité… Serrant son tablier contre elle, elle hurla. Quel était le devoir d'une mère ? Donner la vie et la voir survivre, la voir grandir et quelqu'un lui ôtait ce droit. Elle pensait à sa fille qui parlait mariage et enfants, elle pensait à son fils, encore si petit… Tout ne pouvait pas finir maintenant ! - T'en fais pas maman, ils vont envoyer des astronautes et des physiciens dans l'espace pour le relancer… Dommage que je sois si petit… j'aurais tellement voulu y aller… » Songeur, son fils retourna dans sa chambre, laissant une femme au désarroi. Un an plus tard, son fils installé sur le tapis du salon, son mari et sa fille contre elle, la famille Capa regarda la mission Icarus s'en aller. Tandis que les gens acclamaient ces héros, elle, en tant que mère pensaient à leurs familles, à leurs parents, certains étaient si jeunes, si innocents… Serrant son rosaire, elle fit une prière pour chacun des jeunes femmes et jeunes hommes envoyés pour la survie d'une espèce, pour un voyage sans doute, sans retour. - Je veux devenir physicien, on sait jamais, si Icarus 1 n'y arrive pas, je serais dans Icarus 2 ! » Elle n'osait croire les paroles qui sortaient de la bouche de son fils, aussi, elle pria pour que la première mission soit une réussite ! Le temps passa et Robert, premier au classement de son école, sauta quelques classes et se retrouva rapidement au lycée. Elle observait ce petit homme comme s'il était un étranger. La pauvre femme n'avait plus beaucoup de contact avec son fils qui vivait de plus en plus dans un autre monde. Il s'était intéressé à Icarus 1 au point qu'il connaissait tout de la mission, du fonctionnement des machines et de la bombe dont elle ignorait tout. Alors lorsque sept années après le début de la mission première, le contact fut perdu avec l'équipage, l'on chercha de futurs éléments pour la prochaine mission. Elle fut soulagée de voir que son fils passerait au travers des mailles du filet grâce à son jeune âge, mais ses notes et son cursus scolaire attirèrent l'attention des gens, surtout de ses professeurs. Elle ne fut pas surprise lorsqu'il termina sa première année de fac qu'il reçoive cette fameuse lettre rouge annonçant son entrée dans le stage de la Nasa. Ils rassemblaient les meilleurs par-delà les nations afin de former la seconde équipe. Observant son fils quitter la maison, enfant qu'elle ne reverrait pas, sa mère pleura. - Robert… Sara est morte… » Ses yeux bleus regardèrent sa sœur, ça faisait longtemps qu'il ne l'avait pas vu, il avait éliminé la plus part de ses concurrents pour la place qu'il convoitait sur Icarus 2, il était peut-être le plus jeune, mais il savait ce qu'il faisait ! Sans un mot pour la peine de sa sœur, il attrapa sa main et la serra. Sara avait été leur voisine, la meilleure amie de sa sœur et la seule fille qui ne l'ait jamais aimé lui… Mais Capa avait d'autres buts à poursuivre que ça. C'est à ce moment-là qu'il discerna le petit garçon assis à ses côtés et le ventre rond de sa grande sœur. Elle lui envoyait souvent des lettres, mais il ne prenait pas le temps de les lires, il avait tellement à apprendre, tellement à faire… - Je… » - Ne t'en fais pas. Concentre-toi sur ce que tu sais faire le mieux. Je parie qu'elle est fière de toi là où elle est. On t'attendra… d'accord ? Papa, Maman, Justin, Matty et… j'ignore encore son nom, mais on t'attendra. Tu es le héros de la famille Robert. » - Hum ! » Un sourire sur son visage angélique rassura sa sœur, elle attrapa la main de son fils puis quitta la salle qui servait de parloir. Les gens recrutés n'avaient pas droit de sortir des bâtiments de la Nasa, leurs familles devaient venir sur le site pour les voir et le gouvernement offrait aux familles étrangères un pied à terre en Amérique pour qu'ils puissent profiter de leurs enfants le temps du stage. La majorité des appelés n'avaient que vingt-cinq ans tout cassé, mais certains petits génies n'en avaient que vingt et les séparer de leur famille trop tôt pourrait être un désastre. - Capa est un génie. » - Il est jeune… peut-être instable émotionnellement. » - Il sera prêt. » Un vieil homme s'approcha de lui, il était arrivé au dernier niveau des tests, il faisait face à un homme de vingt-huit ans, aussi ingénieux que lui, si ce n'est pas plus. L'homme travaillait pour la Nasa et avait donc un énorme avantage, malgré cela, il avait redoublé d'assiduité et avait obtenu le diplôme qui lui servirait à intégrer le staff d'Icarus 2. - Es-tu prêt à mourir ? » - Oui, monsieur ! » - As-tu peur ? » - Non Monsieur. » - Pourquoi ? » Ses yeux bleus coulèrent à gauche puis à droite, observant les scientifiques et les militaires qui étaient assis en arc de cercle autour des deux candidats. Il inspira, gonflant ses poumons et toisa celui qui avait le plus de médailles et qui semblait porter plus d'attention au porte document devant lui, plutôt qu'à ce qu'il était censé faire ici : choisir le physicien chargé du payload ! - Notre soleil se meurt. L'espèce humaine fait face à son extinction. Il y a sept ans vous avez envoyé le projet Icarus ayant pour mission de relancer le soleil, mais nous avons perdu le contact avec eux un peu avant qu'ils n'atteignent Mercure. Nous avons extrait tout ce qui restait de matière fissible, Icarus 2 est la dernière chance de l'humanité, on ne peut se permettre d'avoir peur. Plus maintenant ! » - Vous êtes bien impétueux, jeune homme… » Capa se dégonfla comme un ballon de baudruche, observant le scientifique se détourner de lui et regarder l'homme de la Nasa. Avait-il abusé de sa confiance ? Il avait travaillé jours et nuits, bravant les maux de crânes, les journées où… il voulait voir sa mère ouvrir la porte de sa chambre et lui donner un chocolat chaud en lui souriant tendrement. S'il ne partait pas, que serait sa vie ? Il retournerait chez ses parents ? Il irait séjourner dans la maison de sa sœur, avec son beau-frère et ses neveux… JAMAIS ! Capa ne voulait pas d'une vie normale, il ne voulait pas payer ses impôts et consommer plus qu'il ne le fallait, il voulait vivre ! - Mais vous êtes l'élément dont Icarus 2 aura besoin. » Il eut l'impression de chavirer, l'espace d'un instant son cerveau s'était déconnecté de la réalité, lui faisant faire un pas sur le côté. Robert Capa avait réussi ! Il ne fit aucun sourire, il n'eut aucun éclat de voix ou de manifestation émotionnelle quelconque, il inclina la tête, attrapa ses directives de mission puis s'en retourna dans sa chambre. Il se demandait avec qui il allait être envoyé dans l'espace, sept autres personnes amarrée avec lui sur une bombe volante… Sa bombe ! Une drôle d'équipée. Il avait entendu dire que le capitaine serait le fameux capitaine de l'air force, Kaneda. Il tremblait de respect devant cette monstruosité de perfection. Il l'avait croisé à diverses reprises, les yeux noyés d'estime pour cet homme qui n'avait plus à faire ses preuves. - Capa ! Rendez-vous dans la salle de réunion ! » Voilà, l'équipe avait enfin été choisie, il allait découvrir dans quelques instants ceux avec qui il partagerait les dix-huit mois de mission les séparant du soleil. En pénétrant la pièce il reconnut Trey, pour avoir longtemps travaillé ensemble. Les deux cadets s'étaient très vites appréciés lors des tests en conditions réelles car ils avaient une façon de faire quelque peu commune, même si l'asiatique dépendait plus de sa fluctuation émotionnelle que Capa. Il inclina la tête à l'intention du jeune homme puis s'installa. Kaneda était debout face à ses hommes, jaugeant de son regard à qui il avait à faire. En tant que capitaine, il avait suivi de près les entrainements, il avait les dossiers de chacun d'eux pour anticiper les éventuels problèmes qu'ils rencontreraient une fois coupé du monde. - Je m'appelle Kaneda, je serais votre capitaine lors de la mission Icarus 2. Mon second est un jeune officier australien diplômé d'aéronautique de l'Université de Cranfield, il s'agit de Harvey il sera chargé des communications, mais ce jeune homme est plein de ressources... Le co-pilote sera Cassie qui nous vient de Hongrie, elle nous a été envoyée par la FKA. Nous serons secondés par l'officier britannique Searle qui possède un doctorat en psychologie. Trey et Robert sont nos jeunes civils et experts. Trey jeune prodige coréen est expert en navigation, il est tout juste diplômé du MIT, Robert diplômé de la California Institute of Technology à tout juste 19 ans sera notre Physicien, il est le seul capable de manier la bombe, aussi mesdames et messieurs c'est l'homme le plus important de la mission. L'officier Corazon sera l'experte biologiste de l'équipe, elle sera en charge de l'espace vert qui nous fournira de l'oxygène pendant notre long voyage, elle nous vient de l'ASE l'équivalent européen de la Nasa. Et pour finir, l'officier Mace, notre mécanicien, un jeune officié de l'armée de terre américaine avec qui j'ai eu le plaisir de déjà collaborer. Mesdames, Mesdemoiselles et Messieurs demain commencent les simulations, prenez un bon repas, dormez bien car tout ne fait que commencer ! » Voilà son équipe, chacun observait les autres avec curiosité certainement en train de se demander si ils allaient pouvoir s'entendre, mais pas Capa, il se fichait des sourires de Cassie ou des discussions entre Trey et Harvey, il était déjà ailleurs, à des milliards de kilomètres de la Terre, dans le silence paisible de l'espace. Ses rêveries prirent fin lorsque son corps réagit au regard scrutateur de quelqu'un. Mace… Après un signe de tête vers le seul autre membre de l'équipe qui ne semblait pas vouloir fraterniser avec les autres, il se leva puis se dirigea vers sa chambre. - Pas comme ça ! Cassie ! Tu es pilote ou pas ?! » Capa observa Searle prendre des notes « émotionnellement instable » vint surplomber tout un essai sur la psyché de la jeune pilote. Il se demandait bien comment elle avait pu prendre la place, elle était trop fragile et ne saurait jamais prendre les bonnes décisions si la mission était mise en péril. Robert n'avait jamais eu de soucis avec ses émotions, ou pour dire vrai, il réagissait avec méthodologie et logique. - Harvey ! Tu n'es pas le centre du monde ! » Searle secoua la tête négativement, au-dessus du profile de Harvey fut écrit en lettre capitale « égocentrique ». Harvey était bon dans ce qu'il faisait, il n'y avait pas à en douter, mais ses « moi je » prenaient la tête au physicien qui soupirait de lassitude. Comme l'avait dit Kaneda, ils étaient tous remplaçables, mais pas Capa. Harvey ne faisait pas exception. - Trey, il faut que tu réussisses à maitriser ton stress quand on sera là-haut on ne peut souffrir d'une erreur, elle sera fatale. » Trey était bon, aussi bon que lui, dans sa propre branche. Mais sa peur de mal faire et son obsession de tout exécuter le plus rapidement possible le menait à beaucoup d'erreurs. Il ne savait pas gérer son stress, c'était un fait. Du coin de l'œil il vit Searle sourire et ajouter au dossier de Trey « une demi-heure en salle de détente par quart obligatoire ». La Earth Room comme tout le monde l'appelait, une salle d'hologrammes programmée pour montrer les plus beaux paysages de la Terre. - Mace, soit un peu plus à l'écoute des autres. » Non, il n'était pas d'accord avec Kaneda et vint de suite appuyer les dires du mécanicien, ils n'avaient pas de marge d'erreur, ils devaient être professionnels, tant pis pour ceux qui ne pouvaient pas suivre le mouvement ! Ses yeux bleus croisèrent ceux de Mace, ils échangèrent un rapide sourire car ils comprirent qu'ils étaient sur la même longueur d'onde. Il n'y avait pas d'inquiétude dans les yeux du mécanicien, pas de doute, ni de questionnement. Ils avaient une mission et mourraient pour celle-ci ! - Corazon, tu vas devoir apprendre à faire des bandages, toi et Searle vous êtes les deux seules à connaitre la biologie, vous serez nos médecins de bord. » Cette femme était un peu dans la lune, elle vivait mieux avec ses plantes qu'avec les autres membres de l'équipe, mais elle faisait son boulot à merveille, la serre teste était un paradis qu'il aimait regarder durant les instants où il n'avait rien à faire. C'était une sainte, une mère… Searle n'apposa rien sur le dossier de la biologiste, après tout, il n'y avait rien à redire… Après la remarque de Kaneda, elle partit prendre des cours de premiers secours en cas où l'un d'eux finirait par se blesser avec les instruments de maintenance. Lorsque cela fut son tour, Kaneda resta bouche bée devant la simulation de la bombe, un mini big bang qu'il était le seul à savoir faire fonctionner… Capa ne regarda pas ce que Searle ajouta sur son dossier il savait quel était son problème et c'était le même que Mace. - Mace… » Il l'avait entendu l'appeler, durant le moment de panique dans lequel il s'était trouvé enfermé dans le sas… il n'avait pas vraiment prêté attention à sa voix chevrotante, à ses appels… Mais si il était là, voguant au milieu du soleil, il le devait à Mace qui avait su lui montrer comment sortir de là bien qu'il se savait fichu. Ils s'étaient souvent pris le bec, y'avait pas à dire, dès qu'une bagarre était déclenchée, il y avait cent pour cent de chance que Mace soit de la partie et quatre-vingt-dix que Capa soit en face de lui, les autres dix pour cent de chance revenaient à Harvey. Pourtant… Pourtant de tous ces gens, la seule personne qu'il avait admiré autre que le capitaine Kaneda et Trey, à cause de son génie, fut Mace. Le mécanicien aurait mérité de rentrer chez lui… chez eux. Si il y avait une seule personne qu'il voudrait pouvoir sauver, qu'il voudrait pouvoir renvoyer c'était Mace. Capa se demandait si lui aussi voguait dans l'obscurité, bercé par les rayons d'un soleil incandescent. Était-il heureux et serein d'avoir réussi à sauver la Terre ? Il était mort avant de savoir que la mission était un succès, mais n'avait-il jamais douté que Robert puisse faire son travail ? Non. Quelqu'un l'attrapa soudainement, le hissant dans une lumière dorée et enivrante. Étrange à dire, il ne s'était jamais senti plus vivant qu'à cet instant. Le jaune, le rouge et l'or se mélangeait dans une danse fiévreuse, une étoile en fusion chatoyante rien que pour lui… Il lévitait devant ce spectacle grandiose et peut-être qu'il verrait ça jusqu'à la fin des temps… C'est en basculant son regard qu'il put se rendre compte que son corps était là. Il pouvait bouger la tête et les bras, et même les jambes… Que se passait-il ? Il entendait comme une sorte de voix raisonner dans son crâne, ça n'avait rien d'humain cela et c'était incompréhensible, mais il n'avait pas peur… « Tu… sac… ier t… vie… r moi… on fils… Merci… Le tem… n'… pas encore… pas… en… t… as… ré… si. San… eur… San… oute… vail… nt pe…. it Capa. » Le murmure était un ressac, parfois il comprenait ses mots et d'autres fois la voix était si lointaine qu'il entendait plus son cœur battre que les sons qui venaient dans son crâne. Il semblait qu'on avait mis l'option traduction puisqu'il comprenait enfin des bribes de mots. Ne pas avoir peur, sans doute, c'était bien lui. Il était venu le cœur et les yeux grands ouverts sans regarder en arrière. « …on… fils. » Enfant du soleil et de la terre… Fruit du feu, de la terre, de l'air et de l'eau… Sans voix et sans air perdu dans l'immensité de l'espace. Il avait l'impression d'être plongé dans les tréfonds de la mer dérivant au grès de l'astre rougeoyant qui semblait sourire comme sa mère bien des années auparavant. « Capa… » Était-ce ce un rêve ? Nager dans l'espace en face du soleil, baigné de ses rayons, surfant le vent lunaire comme un sportif de l'extrême. Le dos courbé, il regarda en arrière, vers la Terre. Sa sœur devait être heureuse, comme tous les humains, un soleil doux illuminait leur journée et ce, grâce aux membres d'Icarus 2… « Choisi. » - Quoi ? » « Choisi… Tu … a… sauv… tu… choisir… une… eule… per… onne. Une. » - Pour ? » « Vivre. Un... ca… eau. Qu… je… e… fai… Choisi. » Il devait choisir quelqu'un ? Quelqu'un d'Icarus ? Il conversait avec le soleil… Il devait être au paradis, c'était certain. Un sourire se dessina sur son visage. Une personne… Avait-il déjà choisi ? « Soi… he… reux… on… fils ! » La lumière se tut, tout à coup il avait froid, tout à coup, il avait peur, Capa essaya de se raccrocher à quelque chose, car le sentiment de flottaison s'estompa et il chuta dans les noirceurs abyssales, une chute vertigineuse qui le fit hurler de terreur. Il voulait retourner flotter vers le soleil, mais une force surhumaine l'emmenait vers une autre destination. Il suffoquait, pris dans cette dégringolade perpétuelle, bel et si bien qu'il perdit connaissance.[Chapter 2] Another Earth 2 Où est-il ? Il est immobile allongé dans quelque chose d'humide et de confortable, ça sent… ça sent l'humidité et l'humus. Est-il en forêt ? Une forêt ?! Dans l'espace ? Ouvrant les yeux, il peut voir un ciel bleu s'étendre devant son regard, un bleu presque vert qu'il n'a jamais vu de sa vie, si limpide, si parfait… Un nuage court dans l'immensité du ciel poursuivit par une nuée d'oiseaux qui chantent la plus mélodieuse des ritournelles. Encore un peu sonné de cette chute, il prend son temps avant de s'assoir et regarder autour de lui, il y a des arbres partout, gigantesque tour de bois se perdant dans le bleu de ciel mordant de leur vert feuillage la couleur céruléenne quelque peu atypique. Il n'a jamais vu telle image, c'est presque une toile de maitre… Où est-il ? Il se pose toujours la question, mais il ne trouvera de réponses qu'en se levant et en marchant. Il ne peut rester là et espérer comprendre. Il entend des bruits et est surpris de voir une sorte de biche sauter d'un bosquet puis s'arrêter devant lui, l'observant comme si elle n'avait jamais vu d'être humain de sa vie. Il est là, face à un animal sauvage, majestueux, illuminé par l'astre solaire… Sa main se tend, le museau du cervidé s'avance jusqu'à ce qu'il entre en contact avec ses doigts et par un réflexe nerveux après cette découverte, il s'enfuit à grandes enjambées. Où est-il ? « Mai… on… » Une maison ? Il n'a jamais eu de chez lui, pas véritablement. Capa ne s'est jamais senti appartenir à quelque chose, tout du moins pas avant de devenir un membre d'Icarus 2. Le physicien avance dans les broussailles, il n'arrive pas à comprendre pourquoi les arbres semblent former une haie d'honneur autour d'un chemin invisible, cependant, il ne va pas loin car quelques mètres plus loin, la terre est déchirée par le vide. Surplombant le sol qui s'étale tel un tapis en contre bas, il voit de la forêt à perte de vue, une rivière argentée comme on en voit au cinéma et un soleil ardent dans le ciel. - Où suis-je ? » « Mai…on… » A la maison ? Est-ce la Terre ? Pourquoi n'arrive-t-il pas à donner un nom à ces espèces végétales ? Pourquoi tout lui semble familier et étrangement différent, pourquoi le ciel a-t-il cette couleur presque verte ? Il a l'impression d'observer la couleur d'un lagon de carte postale parsemer le bleu du ciel. L'envolée d'un gigantesque oiseau accapare son regard contemplatif, mais ce n'est que pour attirer son attention sur quelque chose de plus massif qui semble tomber du ciel comme une plume. Il voit les mouvements faire de courts arc de cercle et mener cette tache blanchâtre jusqu'à lui. Le vent semble bercer ce qui tombe du ciel et il n'est pas surpris de pouvoir discerner deux bras et deux jambes. - Mace ! » Il avait choisi sans s'en rendre compte. Il aurait pu appeler Kaneda, ou Cassie, mais ses pensées s'étaient tournées vers Mace, elles avaient toujours été pour lui à bien y réfléchir, enfin depuis qu'il est mort. Enfin… Est-il toujours mort ? Non. Le courant d'air frais du vent lui fait hérisser les poils et c'est justement à cause de cette manifestation physique qu'il s'aperçoit enfin de sa nudité. Hum ?! Il n'a pas le loisir de penser plus à ça, car le vent lui apporte le mécanicien sur un plateau d'argent ; par réflexe, mais aussi parce qu'il est au bord d'une falaise abrupte, il tend les bras, surpris que le corps du brun glisse en douceur au creux de ceux-ci. Alors voilà ? Il faillit bien dévaler la pente lorsque la force qui avait mené le corps de Mace jusqu'à lui s'évapora rendant grâce à la musculature de l'homme. Avec un réflexe de survie, Capa repoussa son corps en arrière afin de ne pas re mourir, ça serait vraiment ballot ! Il veut en savoir plus sur cet endroit, cette maison où on l'a déposé. Tombant sur son séant, le corps de Mace contre lui, Capa pousse un gémissement meurtri, le poids de son camarade est assez conséquent pour sa faible musculature. Mais trêve de divertissement ! Il a une question à laquelle répondre. Encore une fois il n'a pas le loisir de faire ou penser à quoi que ce soit, le corps entre ses bras sursaute, ramenant son propriétaire à la vie. Il surveille les yeux bleus chercher une explication à ce qui se passe et tout à coup, ils se posent sur sa personne menant le mécanicien à foncer les sourcils. - Capa ? » Le physicien lui fait un signe de tête, attendant que Mace se remette du choc qu'est de revenir à la vie après une mort certaine. Son ami avait volé en de milliers d'éclats cristallins, congelé puis frappé de plein fouet par les rayons du soleil. Peut-être qu'il avait vogué sans attache ni corps comme Capa, peut-être qu'il avait retrouvé un corps avant de choir dans la confusion ? - On est où et pourquoi on est à poil ? » Le brun à la coupe militaire se relève, comme si les mains du physicien l'avaient mordu. Après une mine renfrognée à cause de leur nudité, Mace soupire. - Où sont les autres ? » - Morts. » - Je suis mort ! » - Difficile à expliquer, je sais pas ce qui se passe, mais quelqu'un m'a demandé de choisir l'un d'entre vous, pour… vivre. » - Et tu m'as choisi moi ?! » Mace a les yeux grands ouverts par la surprise dont il est victime. Pour dire vrai, avec logique, il était improbable qu'il choisisse celui qui lui avait mis plusieurs fois son poing dans la figure, mais ça n'avait rien à voir avec leurs caractères réciproques, ce qui l'avait fait choisir Mace n'était pas leur différences, mais bel et bien leurs similitudes… La même chose qui l'avait poussé à le défendre contre Kaneda à maintes reprises durant les derniers tests en situation réelle. - Tu n'as pas eu peur, tu as fait ce que tu devais faire, sans doute et sans questionnement… Tu es un homme bien. » - Si tu le dis… » Il avait vu Mace, il l'avait vu pendant plus d'un an, évoluer dans l'espace et encore un an avant ça sur la terre ferme, mais il ne l'a jamais contemplé, examiné comme il le fait maintenant. Mace est un bel homme, autant dans son contenu que dans son contenant… Ils avaient eu une mission à mener à bien tout le reste avait été superflu, voilà pourquoi, il n'a jamais vu Mace comme ça ! Fort… magnifique… fougueux… comme un étalon sauvage. - On est où ? » - Je l'ignore… De la terre, de l'eau, de l'air respirable, ça ressemble à la Terre… mais… » - Mais ? » - Je sais pas… juste une sorte de pressentiment. » Le regard de Mace fait le tour de l'horizon, il n'y a pas âme qui vive à part les animaux avoisinants. Pas un avion, pas une ville ou même la trace d'une civilisation… - Ok… allons par-là ! » Soulagé de devoir dépendre sur quelqu'un d'autre, Robert emboite le pas à Mace sans poser de question. Il est un intellectuel, pas un pro de la survie. Il espère que le brun ait un peu de connaissance en randonné ou un truc du genre. Vu comme ça, il a bien fait de choisir Mace et non pas Cassie qui se serait mise à chialer ou à paniquer. Le petit génie n'est pas bête, il avait bien vu que la donzelle était tombée sous le charme de son visage d'ange, mais ça n'avait pas été réciproque. Tout en marchant il pense que Corazon aurait été aux anges de voir une forêt vierge comme celle-là. - Bordel… c'est quoi ça ! » Capa hausse un sourcil, oubliant les arbres centenaires pour regarder au niveau du sol, sous ses pieds, il y a quelque chose de pas naturel, quelque chose de dur qu'il n'a pas pris le temps de considérer… Il observe la matière noire briller sous le soleil ardent, pris de stupeur réalisant avec effroi ce que c'est. Les arbres ont délaissé ce chemin pour une bonne raison, car là, en dessous des broussailles et de la mousse, il peut voir une route goudronnée. - Une route ? » - Ça à l'air super ancien, mais ça doit mener quelque part ! » Oui. Le pressentiment de tantôt fait frémir l'homme qui doit se caresser les épaules, Capa sait déjà ce qu'ils trouveront par le futur et il ignore comment Mace vivra ce fait. Il court derrière son équipier qui avait accéléré le pas. Ils marchent en silence pendant deux bonnes heures, grâce au ciel, les arbres les protègent du soleil, mais il leur faudra trouver un point d'eau le plus tôt possible. La route après une montée abrupte redescendent sinueusement au milieu des arbres, plus loin ils discernent avec joie une clairière, peut-être enfin pourraient-ils discerner quelque chose d'autre que des arbres et toujours plus d'arbres colossaux. - Faut que je fasse une pause. Pitié. » Capa ne s'est pas plaint jusqu'alors, mais il a les pieds en sang et tout ce qu'il veut : c'est s'arrêter un peu, souffler, reprendre des forces. - N'y pense même pas, tu repartiras pas. Continue d'avancer. » - Mais… » - Si tu t'arrêtes tes pieds vont enfler et ça sera plus difficile de remarcher une fois la douleur endormie. Fais-moi confiance, faut marcher jusqu'à la rivière que tu as vu en aval. » - D'accord… » Mace a raison, une partie de son cerveau acquiesce sans broncher, l'autre, la partie animale veut rester là. Bien heureusement, Capa avançait grâce à son mental, il n'était pas homme à se laisser abrutir par son corps. Soit il a une limite comme chaque personne mais le mental permet de la maintenir plus élevée, tout du moins encore un peu. Aussi il chemine derrière Mace, mais après une vingtaine de minutes, il doit ouvrir la bouche et parler afin de ne plus penser à la douleur. - Traite-moi de fou, mais le soleil m'a parlé, j'étais là, au milieu du big bang, des étincelles magnifiques qui ont redonné souffle à notre étoile. Je me suis vu consumé balayé par le vent solaire et tout à coup, j'étais là, devant lui, en lui, dans le feu de son existence et il m'a parlé. » - Il t'a raconté sa vie ?! » - J'ai conscience que ça fait très Pinebaker, mais il m'a demandé de choisir quelqu'un pour rentrer à la maison. Il m'a remercié, je crois. » - Parfait si il t'a à la bonne, il ne pourrait pas nous filer des fringues et un GPS, ça serait trop demander ?! » Peut-être… ou peut-être pas. Capa fronce les sourcils, lorsque son regard tombe sur un objet brillant dans les broussailles. Faisant signe à Mace, il pointe du doigt quelque chose en contre bas de la route hasardeuse. - C'est quoi ? Une voiture ? » - Je crois pas… » Les deux hommes dévalent le ravin afin de se rapprocher de la carlingue, ce n'est pas une voiture en effet, mais plutôt un morceau de remorque. - Betty Boop ? » - On est bien sur Terre… Aller, on repart y'a que de la vieille taule ici. » - Mace, t'as déjà vu ce genre de plaque d'immatriculation ? » - Non… mais ça veut pas dire qu'on soit en Amérique, ou même en Angleterre… Je parierais pour l'Afrique ou l'Amérique du sud vu l'ensoleillement. » Il accepte la main qui l'aide à remonter la pente ardue jusqu'à la route, bien que surpris par l'attention du militaire. Le brun n'a jamais eu de geste sympathique envers lui, ni même envers quiconque, mais il doit avouer qu'il le connait mal. Ne voulant pas s'arrêter de parler à cause de la douleur, Capa ouvre à nouveau la bouche espérant que son compagnon ne le rembarre pas. - Que vas-tu faire une fois rentré ? » - Une douche, dormir une journée entière et aller regarder la mer. Avec de la chance y'aura des vagues. » - La mer ? » - Ça m'apaise… » L'homme semble avare en mot, mais les mots sont tout ce qui reste au physicien pour se préserver de la douleur, il ne regarde même plus ses pieds qui ne doivent plus ressembler à rien. Cela dit, le militaire lui a répondu ce qui le conforte dans la continuité de son interrogatoire. - Famille ? Une petite-amie ? » - Un frère, c'est tout. Et toi ? » - Une sœur et des neveux. » - Pas de copine ? Avec ta gueule d'ange tu devais les faire tomber toutes ! » - Je croyais que c'était les bad boy les véritables tombeurs. » - C'n'est pas moi qui faisait mouiller la petite culotte de Cassie ! Je suis d'ailleurs étonné que tu ne l'aies pas choisi elle. Regrettes-tu ton choix ? » - Non. Elle ne m'intéressait pas. T'as remarqué que j'ai un souci émotionnel comme ils disent… Elle était trop émotive pour moi, j'avais du mal à la suivre. J'aime les choses simples, l'émotivité est une perte de temps. » - Wow, wow, wow, tu juges une femme par son émotivité ? Bon courage pour en trouver une comme toi. » - Je m'en fiche, Mace. Je n'étais pas sensé survivre. La bombe pouvait être téléguidé depuis Icarus, mais le physicien en chef m'a avoué que le taux de défaillance de l'ordinateur était de soixante-treize pour cent. Je devais la déclencher manuellement. Alors même si on n'avait pas eu de problème, je ne serais jamais rentré… Mace. » Le mécanicien se stoppe net, observant son vis-à-vis avec attention. Lorsque Kaneda disait que Capa avait été la personne la plus importante de la mission, il n'avait pas exagéré. Le capitaine et Searle avaient dû être au courant du lot qui attendait le cadet du groupe et pourtant, jamais il n'avait hésité. Et lui qu'avait-il fait ? - Je vois… J'ai souvent été un con avec toi. Désolé Capa. » - Robert, Roby si tu veux, ma sœur me nomme comme ça. » - Roby ? Comme c'est mignon ! Tient j'ajoute un truc à ma liste de souhaits, une fille dans mon bain ne serait pas de refus. Un an sans sexe ça rend agressif ! » - Un repas bien frais. » - Une bière ! » - Un livre. » - Un bon film ! » Le silence inquiète le mécano qui se retourne. Capa est debout, immobile, les yeux rivés sur le sol. - Quoi ? » - J'ai vécu ma vie pour l'espace, pour Icarus 2. Et maintenant… tu sembles savoir vivre ici, mais c'est pas mon cas. L'espace… c'est là-bas que j'avais un but, une raison de vivre. Pas ici. » - C'est ça le problème avec les génies, ils ne savent pas apprécier ce qui est simple... tu verras… ça va se faire tout seul ! » Tout seul ? Peut-être… Capa n'est pas sûr de lui, c'est peut-être bien une première dans sa vie ! Il repousse sa chevelure qui vient empiéter sur sa ligne de vison et s'aperçoit que le militaire a disparu. Mace est en fait plus communicatif qu'il ne le pensait au premier abord un sourire sur les lèvres, il reprend sa marche, mais tout à coup, les sens soudainement en alerte, Capa sent que quelque chose s'est passé. Il n'a pas entendu Mace mais le ressent, courant, il rejoint l'homme qui a disparu derrière un bosquet. Mace est effondré sur le sol, les épaules lâches. - St Louis… C'est l'arche de St Louis. » En effet en contre bas, il voit l'arche de ses propres yeux, même si elle est empêtrée dans une mer de lianes et de ronces et que la ville ressemble plus aux vestiges de temps immémoriaux. Fossilisée dans une végétation luxuriante St Louis demeure, ses immeubles encore debouts, pour la plus part, sont enracinés dans la faune locale. Cependant quelque chose ne va pas et c'est cette tour immense qui choque le regard du petit génie en physique. - On est où… » - Plutôt quand sommes-nous ?! » - Hein ? » - T'as vu la gueule de St Louis ! Non mais tu as vu cette végétation ?! » Du calme, Capa a besoin afin de mesurer les faits, si c'est St Louis alors la rivière était le Mississipi, ils se trouvent donc dans l'état du Missouri. Petit bémol ce climat n'est en rien continental, mais bel et bien équatorial ! - Dérive de continents… On est dans le futur. Mais c'est logique, l'espace le temps, on a été proche d'un big bang, il n'y a plus d'espace et de temps ! On a fait un bond dans le futur ! » - Et l'humanité a disparu... » A la maison… le sourire de Capa fane, il n'avait jamais été proche des autres, des gens, le terme maison prend tout son sens lorsqu'il voit ça. Il pourrait vivre ici, une sorte d'éden intemporel, rien que lui et Mace… mais l'autre ne semble pas de cet avis. Son visage est fermé, peut-être s'inquiète-t-il pour sa famille et ses amis. - Ça veut dire pas de bière putain et pas de bain ! » - Ça vaut dire aussi plus de surpopulation, plus de soucis de pollution… » - Plus de climatisation… » - Allons Mace, on va bien trouver des trucs mangeables et on pourra en savoir plus sur ce qui s'est passé et qui sait, on est peut-être pas seuls. » Il ne peut laisser Mace s'effondrer devant la réalité, il a besoin de lui. Combien de personnes ont le droit de revenir d'entre les morts pour survivre au destin de l'humanité ? Soit, ils étaient deux hommes, certainement pas les Adam et Eve du nouvel Éden, mais la curiosité de Capa est si forte qu'il veut comprendre et apprendre ce qui s'est passé durant le temps de leur mission et de leur mort. St Louis est une ville fantôme à ceci-près qu'ils ont pu trouver de quoi manger et de quoi se vêtir, les décombres de l'humanité ne sont pas encore dissipés par le temps. Mace bénit les industries capitalistes américaines qui dénaturaient leur bouffe au point qu'elle soit encore mangeable bien après la date de péremption. Cette boite est datée de 2510, il ignore en quelle année ils sont mais ce qui est sûr c'est que ça fait plus de 337 ans qu'ils ont quitté leur planète. Capa est silencieux la plus part du temps, il laisse Mace le conduire au grès de ses pulsions mais n'hésite pas à le booster si jamais il sent le mécanicien flancher. Le silence et la désolation est partout et parfois ils peuvent voir des squelettes joncher les rues dans une pagaille inimaginable. - Mace, une bibliothèque, je dois y aller, je peux peut-être trouver ce qui s'est passé pendant notre absence ! » - Fait, je vais essayer de nous trouver un 4x4, on ne peut pas marcher comme ça pendant des jours. » - T'éloignes pas trop ! » - Hum ? Tu crois à une invasion extraterrestre ou une zombie apocalypse ? » - Je sais pas… soit prudent ! » - D'accord ! » Capa observe le militaire s'éloigner parmi les rues jusqu'à ce qu'il ne puisse plus le discerner, le laisser seul le met mal à l'aise, mais ils avanceraient plus vite si ils se partageaient les tâches et l'idée d'avoir une voiture qui roule le soulage. Il est surpris que l'édifice s'allume lorsqu'il en pénètre le hall. A son époque le nucléaire était encore l'énergie numéro un, mais il semblait que pendant leur absence l'humanité soit passée au solaire, ça lui permettrait de pouvoir faire ses recherches plus facilement. Il mit une bonne heure à bidouiller l'ordinateur central à cause en partie de sa grande avancée technologique, mais maintenant assis devant l'écran aussi fin qu'une feuille de papier Capa peut lire les grands évènements mondiaux des derniers siècles. Icarus 2 mission réussie ! Icarus 2 toujours pas de nouvelle de l'équipage, la Nasa vient d'informer le public du décès des huit astronautes ayant sauvé la Terre. Icarus 2, des stèles commémoratives leur ont été érigé en Amérique, en Australie, en Corée, au Japon, en Angleterre, en Espagne et en Hongrie. Voir le visage grave de sa mère sur les photos des journalistes lui fait mal au cœur, mais il n'y a rien qu'il ne puisse faire aujourd'hui pour réparer ça. Sa mère est morte il y a longtemps, sans avoir jamais su que son fils avait survécu… Icarus 2, la journée mondiale de la commémoration. Il passe les informations qu'il ne juge pas pertinentes jusqu'à ce qu'un visage qu'il connaisse le laisse pantois devant son écran. Il lâche la souris optique s'il peut encore appeler ça comme ça et saute de son tabouret en jurant. Ce visage…[Chapter 3] Another Earth 3 La nouvelle secte du soleil vient de recevoir l'approbation du Congrès et devient une religion reconnue. - Pinebaker… » Comment cela pouvait-il être vrai ? Il voit le visage de celui qui a mis leur mission en périple, souriant et vivant. Sa peau ne porte aucune cicatrice, mais son regard de fou est le même que celui qu'il lui a lancé après l'avoir enfermé dans le sas de décompression. Pinebaker est revenu sur Terre, comme eux, mais bien des années avant. Le soleil lui aurait-il donné une seconde chance, comme à Capa, mais pourquoi ? Ce qu'il lit ensuite lui glace le sang. La secte du soleil profite de sa légitimité et converti 68% de la population mondiale ! Le cœur soulevé par l'abomination de ce qu'il est en train de lire, Capa suit le lien d'une interview afin d'entendre la vérité qu'il connait déjà. - Beaucoup de gens vous prennent pour un illuminé, expliquez en détail le fondement de votre religion. » - Dieu ne voulait pas être sauvé, il n'était pas à nous humain de poser une bombe en son sein et de le remettre en marche ! Nous l'avons contrarié ! Notre lot était de mourir avec lui et nous avons attiré les foudres de son mécontentement, nous périrons car c'était écrit ! » Les pages s'en suivent, parlant de la monté en puissance de la secte, des gens qui prient le soleil pour sa clémence, du démantèlement de chaque autre religion pour faire de celle de Pinebaker la seule autorisée dans le monde entier. S'en suit des guerres, des attentats jusqu'à la veille de 2396. Un communiqué urgent de la Nasa annonce une hausse accrue des radiations solaires ! Exactement cent vingt-deux ans après le succès de la mission Icarus 2 le soleil démontra une activité anormale et des éruptions solaires hors norme. Le taux de tachyon émis par le soleil fut multiplié par cent en l'espace d'une vingtaine d'années et si les cancers de la peau furent plus répandus, personne ne se douta que la bombe, sa bombe, soit à l'origine de tout ça. La mission Icarus 2 n'avait été que théories et hypothèses, personne n'avait été certain du résultat, voilà pourquoi Capa avait pris la décision qui leur couta la vie. Deux chances valaient mieux qu'une... Devant l'urgence de la chose, devant la mort certaine de la Terre, personne ne s'était préoccupé des conséquences, pas même lui. Cent trente ans après la réussite de la mission, la terre brûlait dans un été infernal, les gens vivaient reclus chez eux, ayant peur des radiations et les communiqués de presses parlaient d'une zone morte s'étendant du tropique du cancer jusqu'au tropique du capricorne. La fonte des glaces changea la face du monde, engloutissant des iles et submergeant des pans entiers des cinq continents... Et puis tout se stoppa en 2402. Capa observe la page vide lui faire face, depuis 2403, l'humanité n'a communiqué aucune information, elle semble juste avoir disparue. Il imprime la dernière carte du monde puis sort de cet endroit comme si c'était l'enfer. Les yeux perdus sur ce qu'est maintenant la planète Terre, Capa manque de mourir de frayeur lorsqu'un coup de feu retentit quelques mètres plus loin. Ce n'est pas son cerveau qui lui crie de courir à travers les rues désertes, mais son cœur bondissant dans sa poitrine. Il ne pense à rien d'autre qu'à Mace, car si ça se trouve, il est le dernier être humain qu'il ne verra jamais. Il court comme jamais il n'a couru, surpris par la faculté qu'a son cerveau à prendre en charge les différents obstacles qui le séparent du mécanicien. Son cœur bat fort au point qu'il n'entend plus que le flux sanguin bourdonnant dans ses oreilles. Il ignore si le militaire est parti loin car le tir raisonne dans la ville fantôme, mais il ne s'arrêtera pas avant de l'avoir trouvé. Il se retient de crier le nom de son coéquipier car il ne sait pas sur quoi à fait feux Mace. Il espère qu'il n'y a rien de grave car il ne s'imagine pas seul sur cette planète désolée. Derrière un tas de vieux gravas, Capa est soulagé de voir Mace avec un fusil entre les mains et la dépouille d'un ours à ses côtés. L'homme relève la tête soudainement, stupéfait par l'apparition du physicien. - Mace ! » - J'ai trouvé une armurerie, on est paré pour survivre biquet ! Je suis en train de rafistoler ce joli bolide, j'ai aucune idée de comment ça marche, mais si j'ai pu garder cette épave d'Icarus opérationnelle jusqu'à la dernière minute, je peux le remettre en marche ! Oh, et on a de la viande fraiche ce soir ! » Capa ne peut s'empêcher de rire face à la désinvolture du militaire qui retourne s'engouffrer dans l'avant du véhicule. Il lui faut un moment pour se remettre de ses émotions, son cœur et ses poumons sont en feu, mais dieu merci, Mace n'avait rien. - Tu as trouvé quoi ? » Doit-il lui dire la vérité ? Oui, il la doit au mécanicien puisque c'est lui qui l'a fait revenir d'entre les morts et dans ce monde chaotique. Il remarque un bloc de ciment un peu plus loin et s'y installe afin de prendre son souffle. Sa main glisse dans sa chevelure humide tandis qu'il observe le mécano faire ce à quoi il est doué. Une fois assuré qu'il puisse dire plus de trois mots sans haleter, il lui raconte tout ce qu'il a appris. - Icarus 2 a mené sa mission à bien, on a sauvé le soleil, mais la bombe, ma bombe, était trop puissante. Le soleil s'est mis à dégager de plus en plus de Tachyons, mais c'était si infime que personne ne l'a remarqué au début. Et lorsqu'ils ont compris à quoi ils avaient à faire, il était trop tard pour agir. Le soleil a brulé la terre sur une zone s'étendant entre les deux tropiques, plus rien n'a survécu là-bas, pas même les plantes, c'est un désert aride et stérile. Les pôles ont fondu, engloutissant la terre… Il ne reste plus rien du mode que l'on a connu. D'après l'ordinateur nous sommes en 2527, la dernière entrée humaine date de 2403. Mace… il n'y a plus rien. » Il avait choisi de ne pas parler de Pinebaker, car, en fait, c'était un élément peu important quand bien même il avait déclenché de nombreuses guerres. La secte du soleil avait ses tares mais ce n'était pas elle qui avait détruit la Terre. Ce qui était important, c'est que leur mission avait prolongé la vie humaine, ils ne l'avaient malheureusement pas sauvé. Tous leurs sacrifices n'avaient servi à rien. Trey, Corazon, Cassie, Kaneda, Searl et même Harvey, leurs amis étaient morts en vain. - Et les tachyons ? » - Ils ont dû revenir à la normale depuis le temps, enfin je pense. On finira par en être certain dans quelques semaines si on est encore en vie et qu'on ressemble à Pinebacker... Mace... tout ceci est de la pure science-fiction, on ne savait pas si la bombe relancerait vraiment le soleil et personne n'a jamais pensé aux conséquences ! On a joué aux dieux et on a perdu ! » - Tant qu'il y a des oiseaux dans le ciel et des ours en ville, y'a une chance que des humains aient survécu. Avec de telles radiations, ils ont dû vivre sous terre. » - Non, ça agit comme des miro-ondes, le sol et les rivières souterraines ont du faire cuir tous ceux qui s'y sont enfouis. Le meilleur espoir c'était de quitter la planète ou construire des dômes anti-radiations afin de protéger la population. » - Tu as lu quelque chose de ce genre ? » - Pas vraiment... J'ai trouvé les élucubrations d'un aliéné parlant de grands oiseaux de fers survolant les États-Unis, mais j'ignore s'ils l'ont fait, s'ils ont vraiment quitté la planète en laissant la population mourir derrière eux. » - Ça m'étonnerait pas d'eux ! » C'était vrai, ça ne l'étonnerait pas non plus, mais pour Capa, génie en physique et astrophysique, il était impossible d'envisager ce genre de choses. Il ne s'était pas intéressé à l'espace pour son plaisir égoïste, non, son but était bien plus noble que ça : sauver des gens ! Il ne pouvait pas envisager qu'une élite ait pu s'en tirer en laissant mourir tous les autres. C'était inconcevable pour son esprit. Mais il n'était pas non plus un utopiste, ou pas entièrement... il savait comment étaient les gens, au fond... de simples animaux. - Voilà à quoi ressemble notre planète à présent… » Mace s'essuie les mains sur sa tenue, avant de prendre la feuille que lui tend le physicien et d'y jeter un œil. - On est dans l'hémisphère nord, alors on devrait rester au-dessus du tropique du cancer, on ignore si les radiations de la zone morte sont encore présentes et essayer serait un suicide. En poussant vers l'ouest on pourrait passer en Russie vu que maintenant les deux continents n'en font plus qu'un... mais, on doit d'abord savoir ce qui nous attend. » La carte lui est étrangère, il y a quelques pays encore identifiables, mais la plus part sont manquants ou difformes. L'Angleterre n'est plus, le Japon non plus... tous les pays dans lesquels il a été détaché sont maintenant disparus dans les eaux. - C'est presque la Pangée ultime, non ? » - En effet. » - J'n'imagine pas le bordel que ça a créé, ça devait se faire en 250 millions d'années pas en 250 ans... Bordel, me dit pas qu'on est les Adam et… Adam d'un nouveau monde ?! » La tête que tire son camarade serait presque amusante, le pli de ses sourcils indique qu'il plaisante, mais il espère franchement que ça ne sera pas véridique. C'était lui qui venait de dire que si les animaux avaient survécus, il y avait une grande chance que les humains aussi. Capa ne savait pas quoi dire, il n'avait pas d'autres informations que ce qu'il avait déjà donné au mécano. Le soleil les avaient renvoyés là, mais il n'en savait pas plus. - Apparemment… » - Toujours pas de regrets face à ton choix, Roby ?! » - Non ! » Mace soupire en redonnant la carte au brun. Il ne sait quoi penser de tout ça, il est un militaire, il sait quoi faire pour survivre, mais sans une mission, un but, il ne sait pas si il arrivera à donner son maximum très longtemps. Si ils ne sont vraiment plus que deux, le sort à une drôle de façon de se moquer de l'humanité ! Sans femme, il y aura peu de chance que leur espèce survive... Il se frotte les mains sur son treillis en souriant avant de retourner à sa tache première. Un morceau de câble est jeté à terre, Capa ignore ce qu'il fiche, mais il a confiance. - Choppe mon couteau, tu ferais mieux de dépecer cet ours et d'en faire des provisions ! » - J'ai jamais… » - T'en fais pas, prélève juste des beaux morceaux de viande ! » La jambe gauche de Mace fait un drôle de mouvement attirant son regard sur la cuisse du militaire qui s'est définitivement armé comme s'il était en guerre. Sa main tremblante se saisit du couteau, il n'a jamais brandi d'arme de sa vie. La lame brille sous l'éclat du soleil, ça lui fait penser à sa mère lorsqu'elle cuisinait. Il aimerait la revoir une dernière fois... Préférant ne plus penser à elle, il se tourne vers la carcasse de l'animal en fronçant les sourcils. Où devait-il couper ? Les cuisses ? Les côtes ? Afin d'éviter que les tripes de l'animal ne se déversent et qu'il vomisse en se couvrant de honte, il opte pour les cuisses. Bien malheureusement l'odeur acre du sang et la chaleur que dégage la bête est assez pour lui donner la nausée. - Tout marche au solaire dans cette ville, on a de la chance, du soleil on en manque pas ! » Il doit être pâle car le militaire ricane en l'observant faire, il quitte la machine quelque secondes, le temps d'attraper son poignet et de lui montrer comment tailler dans la chair. Son corps entier frissonne, il à la chair de pouls mais il ignore si c'est parce que Mace le touche ou si c'est parce qu'il a juste envie de régurgiter les haricots de tantôt... - Comme ça... » L'homme lui donne une claque sur l'épaule puis s'en retourne vers le capot du quatre roues motrices. - Une fois la voiture réparée on va faire du shopping, on a besoin de lampes, d'une tente, d'une glacière, des médicaments, surtout des antibiotiques, toute la bouffe qu'on peut stocker et des couvertures de survie ! » - Mace… merci. Je n'aurais jamais pu m'en sortir sans toi, c'est évident. » - T'en fais pas ! Si tu veux me remercier, trouve-moi une jolie brune à forte poitrine ! » - Gonflable ça t'ira ? » Ils sont deux idiots en train de rire à gorge déployée comme si leur sort prochain ne les concernait pas. Ils sont vivants et sur le moment, c'est peut-être ça le plus important, surtout qu'ils sont deux, un duo qui avait bien fonctionné malgré les coups de bec et les coups de poings. Mais peut-être ont-ils besoin de ce fou-rire pour évacuer les craintes d'être les deux seuls survivants de l'humanité. - Mace… merci. » - De ? » - Je repense à la mission, sans toi, j'aurais pas pu envoyer la bombe, le peu de jus que tu as redonné à Icarus en te sacrifiant m'a permis de mener à bien la mission. » - C'était mon job ! » - Je voulais que vous rentriez tous, surtout toi, c'est à cause de moi que tu n'as pas pu dire au revoir aux tiens. » - T'en fais pas, ils savaient ce à quoi s'attendre. » Le silence gêné prend fin lorsque le moteur de la voiture se met enfin en marche permettant à Mace de se la jouer le temps qu'il referme le capot. - Aller emballe ta viande dans du papier journal et partons. » Le regard de Mace scrute l'horizon, Capa l'a déjà vu faire à plusieurs reprises, il ignore pourquoi, mais il semblerait que le militaire ne soit pas dans ses petits souliers. La façon dont il charge le véhicule et pousse Robert à s'installer le fait froncer les sourcils, mais le physicien se contente de suivre le rythme. Les quatre roues amovibles sont performantes et leur permettent de voyager dans la ville abandonnée comme sur une autoroute, à part quelques secousses hasardeuses. Lorsque les épaules du militaire se détendent, il se décide demander pourquoi ils sont partis si précipitamment. - Qu'est-ce qui ne va pas ? » - J'ai tiré un coup de feu voilà ce qui va pas. Si survivants il y a, ce n'est pas sûr qu'ils soient aussi humains que nous. Tant qu'on est sûr de rien, on doit se comporter comme sur un terrain hostile. T'as déjà tiré ? Non, oublie ce que je viens de dire ! » Pas aussi humain qu'eux ? Le cinéma avait traité de la fin de l'humanité plusieurs fois, entre les zombies, les gens devenus des animaux sauvages capables de cannibalisme et les monstres radioactifs mangeurs d'hommes, Capa en avait soupé, mais en quoi tout ceci n'était que des spéculations ? Dans ce monde de chaos ça serait peut-être leur quotidien... A bien y réfléchir, il préférait que personne n'ait survécu ! - Tu restes dans la voitures, si tu vois un truc, tu klaxonnes. » Mace s'éloigne du côté d'un magasin de sport à la recherche de ce qui leur manque, ils ont déjà fait un stock de médicaments, pansements et autres, il y a de la bouffe et de l'eau à ne plus savoir quoi en faire, ainsi que des vêtements et des armes. Robert prend son rôle très aux sérieux et observe attentivement les alentours, il imagine fort bien une horde de zombies apparaitre dans le rétroviseur, ou un lot de cannibales sortant tout droit d'un slash movie, armés de tronçonneuses ou de pic à glace. Il imagine aussi un groupe de militaires leur tomber dessus les piller et les tuer... mais le truc le plus probable c'était certainement l'arrivé d'un animal sauvage aux dents longues et au gros appétit. Il comprend enfin ce que la peur peut faire à l'imagination... Inspirant profondément, il fait place à sa raison, car tout ça ce n'est que de la science fiction. Les zombies n'existent pas et si un cannibale ou un animal voulait se manger un steak de Capa, Mace viendrait le sauver, pour sûr ! L'angoisse monte lorsqu'il entend de drôles de bruits autour de la voiture, Capa retient son souffle tandis que sa main frôle le klaxonne, car il est maintenant certains que quelque chose se rapproche. Il est content de voir Mace sortir avec un caddie de fournitures mais il ne peut que hurler lorsque quelque chose se jette sur le pare-brise. Courageux mais certainement pas téméraire le physicien se précipite sur la banquette arrière au milieu de leur réserves. Il entend distinctement le militaire rire devant le spectacle peu glorieux qu'il lui offre. - Tu t'es fait un ami ? » Hein ? Il jette un coup d'œil sur la tache noire qui gigote sur le capot, afin de s'apercevoir que c'est une sorte de gros tamia qui l'a fait crier comme un bébé. La créature le fixe de ses grands yeux noirs en grignotant ce qui semble être un gros gland. - Tu peux le garder si tu veux. » Il n'a jamais eu d'animal de compagnie, il n'en a jamais eu le temps ni l'envie. C'était comment de s'occuper de quelqu'un ? Il n'en sait fichtrement rien. Avec lui une bête serait très certainement morte de faim. Pendant que Mace charge l'arrière de la voiture il contemple rongeur derrière la vitre, lorsqu'il tapote la glace pour le faire fuir, la bestiole sautille sur la carlingue. Quand le coffre de la voiture est rempli de tout ce que le militaire avait décidé d'emmener, sa main se saisit du tamia et le tend à Robert. Le rongeur semble tendre les pattes en sa direction et c'est en soupirant qu'il attrape l'animal qui grimpe directement dans la capuche de son sweat-shirt. - Il t'aime bien ! » Il regarde la route fixement, tout ce qu'il a décidé de sauvegarder de l'humanité réside en trois choses, une encyclopédie universelle encryptée sur un disque laser, un livre de Gutenberg qu'il a volé dans une bibliothèque et une toile de Monet qu'il a démonté de son cadre et a roulé précautionneusement. Si jamais tout ne s'arrêtait pas là et même si tout s'arrêtait là, peut-être que quelqu'un trouvera ces vestiges de ce que l'humanité a fait de mieux. Rêveur, il chantonne une chanson tandis que Mace garde les yeux rivés sur la route et ses environs. De temps en temps le tamia gigote dans son dos ou sur son épaule, Mace ricane et distraitement il tend une pistache à l'animal. Il n'est pas farouche pour deux sous et sa présence rend l'ambiance tout de suite plus sereine. - Comment tu veux l'appeler ? » - Je sais pas... Corazon ? » - Elle était plus plantes qu'animux mais pourquoi pas ! » Il n'a jamais vu le militaire sourire comme ça, Capa se demande si il a eu un animal de compagnie étant plus jeune ou si ça venait du seul fait qu'ils ne soient plus que seuls tout les deux. Sa main attrape le rougeur qui se débat quelques secondes ses griffes lui font presque mal mais lorsque les quenottes s'enfoncent dans la chair de son pouce Capa grogne et secoue la main, le tamia en profite alors pour grimper sur le tableau de bord et se poster devant Mace. - Je crois que c'est plutôt toi qu'il aime. » - J'ai la bouffe ! » Le fait est que Corazon fait presque les yeux doux à l'humain qui lui tend une nouvelle pistache en ricanant. - Tu sais ce que tu veux dis donc ! » - Elles sont salées je crois pas que ça soit très sain pour elle. » - Tu l'entends, il est pas cool le petit génie, tiens reprends-en une ! » Capa roule des yeux, il n'en croit pas ses oreilles, les paroles font penser à son père. Lorsque sa mère lui interdisait de prendre des sucreries avant les repas, son paternel lui donnait automatiquement un caramel... Attendez, cela faisait-il de lui la mère de Corazon ? Damned ! Sa paume frappe son visage une fois l'idée implantée dans son cerveau. - On va où ? » - Quelque part où on pourra voir les ennuis arriver. » - Hum ? » - Un endroit dégagé et en hauteur ! T'as franchement rien d'un tacticien toi ! » - Désolé… » - C'est rien, je m'occupe de notre sûreté et toi… » - J'essaye d'être utile au mieux avec mon gros cerveau, c'est ça ? » - Parfaitement ! » Maison ? Il n'est pas sûr d'être au bon endroit. Capa soupire se laissant bercer par le ronronnement du moteur, quelque kilomètres plus loin ses yeux se ferment et il s'endort paisiblement. L'obscurité est chatoyante, Capa a du mal à discerner quoi que ce soit dans le feu de l'éclat. Sa main glisse sur son front essayant de se protéger les yeux et tout à coup le soleil est là. Ce n'est pas un de ces rêves qu'il a fait sur Icarus, celui-là est doux et tel un chat il ondule entre les rais de lumières étincelantes. Il sourit parce qu'il plane dans le vide entouré par l'amour ardant de son père. « L'hum… té… a ga…. né le…. droi…. de…. ivre. Mon… ils. Tu… as… ontré… à quel… oint… vou… tes b… aves. Sur... is ! » - Père… » - Roby ! » Mace fronce les sourcils secouant le corps de son passager. Pendant un moment, il avait cru que Capa l'avait appelé papa, mais en se tournant vers le physicien il l'avait trouvé endormi ; le visage baigné par une innocence paisible. Plusieurs fois Searle avait appelé Capa le petit ange du groupe et le voir là bercé par les rayons du soleil, l'image était plus que parlante ! Il prit le temps de l'observer jugeant l'endroit assez calme pour se détendre et profiter du spectacle, jusqu'à ce que le petit génie en physique se mette à bouger comme essayant de fuir ses songes, aussi, à contre cœur Mace le secoue afin de le réveiller. Les yeux bleus de son équipier sont un puits d'incohérence pendant les quelques secondes qu'il lui faut afin de comprendre où il se trouve. - Ça va ? » - Tu vas me prendre pour un fou si je te dis que le soleil continue de me parler ? » - De toute façon tu l'es déjà à mes yeux ! Sérieux c'est la fin du monde et au lieu de prendre un couteau de survie et un flingue, tu agrippes cette bible comme si c'était un trésor ! » - Une bible de Gutenberg, c'est un grand pas dans l'histoire humaine. » - Si tu le dis… Alors il t'a dit quoi ? » Le physicien n'est pas réellement certain du message. Il est compliqué de comprendre les paroles du soleil. Dit comme ça, il a juste l'envie de se faire interner fissa, encore que, il n'y a plus d'asile psychiatrique pour le prendre en charge. Si Mace ne serrait pas son bras entre ses doigts, Capa est certain qu'il serait sorti de la voiture et aurait couru jusqu'à ce que ses poumons soient en feu. Que lui arrive-t-il ? - Il m'a dit qu'on avait gagné le droit de survivre. Il voulait nous tuer. Éradiquer l'humanité. Mais la mission Icarus l'a persuadé que l'humanité avait encore du bon en elle. Il doit y avoir d'autres survivants. » - Parfait… y'a plus qu'à les trouver ! » Facile à dire... Le tamia est à présent installé sur les cuisses du militaire et chipe sa pitance directement dans le sachet, parfois la main de Mace caresse son pelage et Capa sent quelque chose de désagréable le gagner. Il hait cette bestiole mais ne sait même pas pourquoi.[Chapter 4] Another Earth 4 Le physicien soupire, préférant oublier la présence du grignotteur qui lui tape sur le système, il tourne son attention sur le paysage environnant. La ville ressemble aux ruines des anciens mondes un peu comme une vieille pyramide incas. Le monde qu'il a quitté ne lui manque pas, mais il ne peut pas dire qu'il aime celui-là, heureusement pour lui qu'il a choisi Mace car il se serait laissé mourir dans un coin. Il ne sait toujours pas en quoi il pourra être utile au militaire, Capa ne sait rien faire, il a appris vite fait à cuisiner avec sa mère, il peut faire pousser quelques plantes ça ne doit pas être trop difficile, mais au-delà de ça, il n'a aucune compétence... Le monde qu'il a aimé n'existe plus, celui des sciences, de l'avancé technologique, celui de l'espace, de la chimie et des mathématiques... Il n'est pas manuel pour deux sous, il ne construira jamais rien, il ne saura pas réparer quelques chose, il doute qu'il ait une quelconque utilité au niveau médicale, il ne sait pas allumer un feu ou suivre les coordonnées d'une carte. Bien sûr, Mace sait la plus part de ces choses, il a été militaire, il a donc suivi une formation, mais dans leur duo il souffrait d'une inutilité. Robert ne voulait certainement pas être un poids mort car il est le genre d'homme à ne pas supporter les gens qui ne font rien et se laisse porter par la vie. Son cerveau, fidèle allié n'est plus qu'un ami désuet... Un jour Mace se lassera peut-être de lui comment pourrait-il lui en vouloir ? Une tâche attire son regard entre les gravas, il n'a pas le temps de savoir ce que c'est réellement car en y regardant de plus près elle a disparu. Il a envie de demander son avis à Mace mais un bruit assourdissant manque de lui faire faire une crise cardiaque et si le mécanicien n'avait pas réagi rapidement le deuxième impact de balle l'aurait traversé de part en part. - Reste couché ! » Sous le corps de Mace qui le presse un peu plus bas, Capa sent sa respiration se faire chaotique, jamais personne ne lui a tiré dessus, c'est la première fois qu'il entend une détonation réelle celle-ci n'est pas sortie tout droit d'un film. La vitre côté passager a volé en éclats éclaboussant sa chevelure et sa peau de milliers de tessons. S'il arrivait à récupérer sa respiration, il hurlerait certainement de terreur, mais il suit docilement le mouvement de Mace, gardant la tête entre ses genoux. Le coude du militaire appuie sur sa colonne tendis qu'il appuie sur le champignon pour qu'ils ne se fassent pas encerclés et Robert entend le bruit du revolver de son coéquipier lorsqu'il fait feu en réponse aux hurlements incohérents de leurs agresseurs. Ses paumes se posent contre ses oreilles essayant de camoufler tous ces sons car il a peur. Ses yeux se posent sur Corazon qui s'affole sur le sol et dans un geste étranger il attrape la créature la cale contre son visage. Le silence se fait tout à coup… Ça sent la poudre et le sang. - Secoue tes cheveux et garde les yeux fermés, faut se débarrasser de ça, grouille, y'en a peut-être d'autres ! » Suivant les indications du militaire, il se débarrasse des éclats de verre remontant un regard pétrifié de terreur sur son ami dont l'épaule saigne. Mace redémarre et part à toute vitesse. En regardant en arrière, Capa peut voir des corps qui n'ont rien d'humain, leur peau semble brulée par les radiations ou d'une pigmentation qu'il n'a jamais vu, leurs visages le choquent au plus haut point car ils ressemblent plus à des animaux qu'à autre chose. Il n'imagine pas ce qu'ont vécu les survivants... En tout cas les tachyons semblent être qu'une toute petite partie de l'iceberg... - Ça va, ton épaule ? » - Une égratignure ! » Mace s'est jeté sur lui pour le protéger prenant le risque de prendre une balle pour lui. Il comprend bien que c'est un militaire et qu'il a le sens du devoir, protéger et se battre pour le bien d'autrui, cela dit Robert ne se sent pas digne de ça. Lorsque Corazon prend place au creux de sa capuche, son indexe glisse sur la blessure du conducteur, en effet c'est superficiel, mais quand bien même, il ne pourra jamais oublier ce geste. Mace lui a sauvé la vie, c'est certain et pour Capa ça veut dire beaucoup. Il ne s'est pas rendu compte que ses mains tremblent, c'est peut-être un effet secondaire de ce qu'il vient de vivre à moins que ça ne soit autre chose. La gorge nouée il se baisse, embrassant la chair ensanglantée car la peur lui a fait imaginer un atroce scénario et si jamais un jour cela devait arriver, le physicien ne s'en remettra jamais. Mace devait vivre, il devait survivre, trouver des survivants et devenir leur leader. L'homme ne devait pas mourir en vain, surtout pas pour le sauver lui. Le mécanicien s'était déjà sacrifié pour Robert, pour la mission, pour sa bombe, plus jamais il ne veut voir quelqu'un mourir devant ses yeux. - Heu… tu fais quoi avec mon bras ?! » - T'étais pas obligé de faire ça. » - Et qui va me raconter ce qui se passe sur radio soleil si je te perds ? » Un sourire frémit sur ses lèvres, Mace semble imperturbable et c'est bon de le voir ricaner bêtement après une telle montée d'adrénaline. Il enserre le bras blessé entre les siens posant son crâne délicatement contre l'épaule du militaire tout en se rapprochant de lui sans le gêner dans sa conduite. Capa ignore pourquoi mais il a besoin de contact car tout son être grelotte et s'il ne fait rien pour se calmer, il a l'impression que ses yeux déjà noyés ne pourront plus retenir l'envie qui est leur de pleurer de tout leur saoul. A la fois étonné et satisfait que le mécano ne le repousse pas ou ne sorte pas un sarcasme, Robert ferme les yeux et inspire le parfum du corps qui vit entre ses bras comme pour s'assurer qu'il est toujours vivant. Il y a encore quelques semaines Mace était un bon élément d'Icarus 2 mais un véritable chieur qui lui en faisait voir de toutes les couleurs. Aujourd'hui il est un allié, un ami s'il ose penser à ce terme, si précieux qu'il ne se voit pas vivre sans lui. - Ça va aller... » Lorsque le militaire trouve enfin le coin idéal pour monter son campement, il fait déjà presque nuit. Le bruit de la forêt derrière eux est inquiétant, mais puisque Mace ne semble pas y prêter la moindre attention, il essaye de faire de même. La tente est facile à monter c'est déjà ça, au moins, il peut être utile à quelque chose. - On fait pas de feu, alors ce soir c'est… haricots froids ou corned beef ? » Il s'en fiche un peu, Capa n'a pas spécialement faim, son estomac est encore noué à cause de ce qu'il a vécu un peu plus tôt dans la journée, tout ce qu'il veut c'est s'enfoncer dans le sac de couchage, fermer les yeux et espérer que demain il se réveillera à bord d'Icarus et que tout ceci ne soit qu'un abominable cauchemar. Il s'assoit sur un rocher en se frictionnant les bras. Corazon pousse un petit cri aigu au creux de sa capuche, mais il n'y prête pas attention car il sait que demain sera dans la continuité de cette journée, il ne rêve pas. Son corps éprouve la froid, la peur, l'envie de décrocher et c'est terrorisant. Robert a toujours été un enfant sans histoire protégé derrière ses livres et ses rêves, aujourd'hui il n'a plus rien de tout cela, Mace pourra le protéger de tout mais certainement pas de son esprit, ni même des émotions qui le guettent et l'effraient au plus haut point. - Mange ça. » - Pas faim. » - Tu peux pas te permettre de ne pas te nourrir, si tu tombes malade ça va être la merde. Mange un peu ! » - Ok... » Il soupire obéissant sans plus de détour à la figure autoritaire qui lui sert de père ou de frère ainsi que de guide, la boite de conserve entamée arrive entre ses doigts froids, il regarde les haricots blancs nager dans une sorte de sauce tomate. A première vue ça n'a rien de très engageant, mais après deux cuillerées le gout parait presque bon. Cependant le cœur n'y est pas. Les bons petits plats de Corazon lui manquent. Ils avaient droit à du frais tous les jours en plus de leur plats lyophilisés et leurs rations militaires... Son visage se baisse, ses grands yeux bleus sont à nouveau humides, il ne sait pas, ne se rappelle pas avoir pleuré une seule fois dans sa vie. Il ne s'en souvient pas. Il aura fallu attendre la fin du monde pour que quelque chose le touche réellement. - Capa, parle-moi. » - Ça va aller... c'est juste que c'est la première fois qu'on me tire dessus. Tu... tu avais déjà tué ? » - Hum. J'ai servi pendant les émeutes à Tokyo et la révolte anglaise. J'avais jamais vu autant de désespoir. C'était juste après l'échec d'Icarus 1. Il y avait des femmes qui soulevaient leurs enfants à bout de bras priant pour qu'on les emmène qu'on sauve leur gosse de cet enfer… » Le regard de Mace est hanté, il essaye d'imaginer ce qu'a subi le militaire, mais il a vécu dans sa bulle tout le long de sa vie caché derrière ses livres, ses théories et ses calculs. La vie difficile des hivers sans fin, il ne l'a connu que dans la chaleur de ses pulls et de ses couettes, un bouquin entre les doigts. Qu'il avait été égoïste et insensible ! Serrant la matière du sweet bien trop large pour lui, il fait un signe de tête puis se dirige vers la tente. Il a besoin d'être seul car s'il doit pleurer et il ne veut pas que son coéquipier en soit témoin. Capa est perdu, en position fœtale, il essaye vainement de ne pas pleurer, de ne pas craquer, mais il n'a rien à quoi se rattacher, il est rempli d'incertitudes et de peurs pour la première fois de sa vie il est dans le noir et semble s'enfoncer dans l'obscurité de ses pensées à chaque battement de cœur. Il ne dort pas encore lorsque le militaire décide de venir le rejoindre en grommelant. Le bruit de la fermeture éclair qui se referme et la soudaine présence de Mace le réconforte un peu car il n'est plus seul dans les ténèbres. Il se retourne dans son sac de couchage et observe la ligne du dos qui se découvre devant ses yeux bleus, bien qu'il ait vu son compagnon nu, il ne peut s'empêcher de boire cette image comme il le fait à présent. Lorsque le visage du mécanicien s'extirpe de son vêtement, Mace lui tend un regard chaleureux. - Ça te plait ? » - Hein ?! » - Je sais bien que y'a peut-être plus de fille sur terre mais quand même je m'attendais pas à ça de ta part… » Ho… ho… voilà bien un terrain sur lequel le jeune physicien ne veut pas s'aventurer, aussi il dévie son regard sur la toile de la tente le temps que son équiper s'allonge à ses côtés. Il espère que l'homme comprendra qu'il n'a aucune envie de parler de ça et oubliera bien vite son regard trainant. Mais l'autre s'assoit sur son sac de couchage avec un sourire presque diabolique. - D'ailleurs quel est ton genre de nana, autre que non émotionnellement instable ! Le style première de la classe en petite jupe plissée, paire de lunettes sur le nez et son éternelle queue de cheval studieuse ? » - Je sais pas… » - Tu sais pas ? Attends, t'as quel âge au fait ? » - J'ai eu vingt et un ans la veille de partir sur Icarus 2. » - Wow, je croyais que l'age légale pour entrer dans le programme était justement de vingt deux ans ! » - Je suis entré à la fac à quinze ans, j'ai eu le temps de faire mon cursus et de finir premier de mes études d'astrophysiques. J'étais le meilleur et on m'a convoqué pour ça, même si j'étais encore qu'un gosse. Je dois t'avouer que j'ai jamais eu le temps de regarder une file de ma vie et pour dire vrai ça m'a jamais intéressé. » - Chacun son truc Roby, pas la peine de t'en faire ! Après tout tu as relancé le soleil, sans toi, je serais encore dissous dans l'infini… quitte à choisir, je suis mieux là. » - Vraiment ? » - Hum. » Capa soupire serrant ses bras autour de son corps, il a quelque peu froid malgré la couverture de survie, les nuits sont aussi glaciales qu'en plein désert. Les bruits venant de la forêt alertent ses sens à chaque fois et le fait que le militaire est gardé deux armes à ses côtés ne le rassure pas. Il imagine leurs agresseurs les avoir suivi et se presser autour de la tente pour les égorger. Maintenant tout ce qu'il discerne c'est son cœur qui vrombit jusque dans son crâne. - Faut que tu te calmes, Capa. » Le militaire l'observe tendrement, il soupire, puis s'extirpe de son sac de couchage. Les mouvements qu'il fait sont naturels et fluides, si Capa n'était pas en pleine crise de panique, il aurait réagi en voyant le militaire ouvrir son sac de couchage et glisser à ses côtés. La présence est dérangeante car il ne veut pas que Mace le voit dans cet état. Robert Capa a été un professionnel dégagé de toute émotion, réfléchi et intuitif pensant toujours à la mission avant toutes choses. Il n'est plus qu'un enfant apeuré qui se laisse serrer entre les bras d'un protecteur. Mace tire la nuque de Robert contre son épaule afin qu'il puisse y enfouir son visage. - Calme-toi. On est en vie, tout va bien. » Le premier jour de son arrivée à Tokyo, il avait cédé sous le poids du choc. Encore gamin, il n'avait pas pu faire face à toute la misère humaine et toute la violence d'un peuple désespéré. Kaneda avait trouvé les mots justes pour l'empêcher de faire une crise de panique et perdre tous ses moyens. Ils n'avaient pas le loisir à se laisser aller, pas non plus aujourd'hui. Caressant la chevelure longue, Mace patiente le temps que le physicien reprenne du poil de la bête. - Désolé. » - Normal. Oublie pas une chose, tu as le droit de craquer et au lieu de gérer ça tout seul tu m'appelles. Maintenant ferme les yeux et dors. » - Tu restes là ? » - Oui… je vais finir par regretter que tu ne sois pas un joli brin de fille ! » Il souhaiterait avoir le sourire comme son compagnon, mais il n'en a pas la force, ni le courage à la place il niche son visage contre le torse du militaire écoutant son cœur battre. Le rythme doux est la plus belle berceuse qu'il n'ait jamais entendu. Capa ne se rappelle pas avoir eu besoin de la présence de quelqu'un pour s'endormir, il ne se souvient pas avoir un jour penser à glisser dans les bras de quelqu'un pour se sentir mieux, pas même sa mère. Ses câlins étaient un supplice qu'il acceptait tant bien que mal, sachant l'affection irraisonné qu'une mère avait pour sa progéniture. Il entend distinctement Corazon grignoter un paquet de noix de macalania, surveillée par le regard certainement enjoué du militaire. L'avancée technologique qu'il n'a pas vu naitre l'émerveille car la toile interne de la tente diffuse une lueur assez intense pour qu'ils y voient comme en plein jour, il suffit de frôler la toile pour qu'elle s'illumine comme un ciel étoilé. Cependant la lumière n'est pas visible de l'extérieur aussi elle ne leur portera pas préjudice. Il se demande quelle matière a été utilisée pour réaliser cette merveille et c'est en pensant à tout un tas d'éléments chimiques qu'il s'endort. Au petit matin, il est seul dans la tente, quelque part entre la déception et le sentiment d'être idiot, Capa se lève et s'habille. La première chose qu'il voit en ouvrant la fermeture éclair est le sourire satisfait du militaire. Mace est assis sur un rocher quelques mètres en amont, son torse nu est baigné de lumière. Ils ont passé un peu plus de deux ans ensemble et ce n'est qu'aujourd'hui qu'il se rend compte que l'homme a de magnifiques yeux gris-bleus. Capa lui tend un furtif signe de la tête avant de baisser les yeux. La chaleur est remontée avec l'apparition du soleil dans le ciel, du coup il s'étend dans la lumière faisant craquer ses os. Il prend son temps car les rayons sont chauds et son corps semble vouloir absorber sa dose de vitamine D. - Passé une bonne nuit ? » - Oui. » La meilleure depuis bien longtemps... Un sourire idiot grimpe sur ses lèvres tandis qu'il observe Mace affuter son couteau de chasse en humant l'air d'un vieux western. Il se souvient l'avoir vu avec son père lorsqu'il était encore enfant. Ça parlait d'or, de héros solitaire et d'honneur. Le temps avait effacé le titre du film ou même le visage des acteurs mais quelque chose de son adoration enfantine avait survécu… quelque part au fond de lui. Bang Bang… Il n'avait jamais joué qu'avec son père, tout du moins jusqu'à ce qu'il sache lire. Dans le jardin pour enfant Robert avait couru dans l'herbe haute et avait joué au shérif et au hors-la-loi. - Bang bang, he shot me down. Bang bang I hit the ground, bang bang… That awful sound, bang bang… » - My baby shot me down. » Il ne sait pas pourquoi il a repensé à cette vieille chanson que sa mère avait écouté des centaines et des centaines de fois, ni même pourquoi il l'avait chanté à voix haute, mais il est surpris que Mace la connaisse. Pour ainsi dire le monde humain avait embrassé la musique électronique lorsqu'elle avait su influencer le cerveau des gens. Après ça, la jeunesse avait trouvé un moyen légale de planer sans accoutumance et sans problème de santé. Trey avait été un adepte de ce genre de pratique, mais pas lui. Capa avait aimé le grande musique avant tout, mais les vieux tubes que sa mère mettait dans l'après-midi faisait aussi parti de son répertoire. Les paroles de cette chanson s'étaient pour toujours incrustées dans son cerveau car en plus d'être belle elle racontait quelque chose, même si il n'était pas coutumier des sentiments exposés dans les paroles. Ça lui rappelait les gouters de sa mère ainsi que l'odeur de son parfum… Quelque chose de mélancolique s'empare de son cœur, cette femme a fait preuve d'abnégation devant son fils, elle n'a pas pu être la mère aimante qu'elle aurait voulu être, elle avait accepté le lot de son fils et n'avait jamais essayé de le garder auprès d'elle. Il ne se rappelait pas lui avoir dit une seule fois je t'aime. - Seasons came and changed the time, when I grew up I called him… mine. » Tout à coup Mace rigole franchement, il ignore cependant pourquoi. Peut-être parce que son regard est toujours braqué sur la personne du mécanicien tandis qu'il continue de chanter. Capa ne le voyait même pas avant qu'il ne se manifeste puisqu'il était plongé dans ses souvenirs. L'homme se lève, passe la lame de son couteau contre le tissus de son pantalon tandis qu'il continue de chanter, il le voit se rapprocher de plus en plus jusqu'à ce que le militaire pose son indexe sur ses lèvres l'empêchant de poursuivre. - I used to shoot you down… J'aime pas la fin de cette chanson. » - Sans la fin, elle n'a pas de raison d'être. » - L'amour doit-il toujours finir mal ? » - Sinon il ne peut exister. Tous les grands dramaturges te le diront. » - Appelle-moi fleur bleue alors, mais je préfère quand ça finit bien. » Fleur bleue ? Un militaire ?! L'expression de surprise se lit sur son visage, il examine le regard de Mace en haussant un sourcil. Cette expression ne semble pas lui convenir, il n'a jamais envisagé que le mécanicien puisse avoir une soft-side comme qui dirait... Il a connu de lui les engueulades, les coups de poing, la rancœur et parfois les coups en traitre. Il a connu son regard froid et intransigeant, sa langue vive et impromptue aussi jamais il n'a pensé à Mace d'une autre façon que celle-là : un Mâle Alpha un brin misogyne et complètement macho. Le militaire comprend rapidement ce que son vis-à-vis est en train de penser de lui, aussi il secoue la tête négligemment en souriant. - C'est pas parce que je suis militaire que je ne sais pas être romantique et galant. Tu me connais pas Robert, tu as vu le mécanicien d'Icarus 2, parfois même d'un peu trop près. Tu as connu le soldat qui marche au pas et qui mènera sa mission à bien, même si pour ça il doit mourir. Tu ne connais pas Mace. » - Est-il si différent ? » - Plus que tu ne le penses… » Si telle est la vérité Capa désirait rapidement apprendre à connaitre l'homme derrière le militaire, savoir ce qui se cachait derrière cet être flegmatique et déroutant. - C'est un peu comme toi. J'ai connu le physicien sans sentiment et je découvre le petit ange que Searle a toujours vu. » Un ange… Il déteste ce terme ! Son regard doit trahir ses pensées puisque le militaire se met à rire en tirant sa joue comme il l'aurait fait à un enfant. Le physicien se dégage de l'emprise sauvagement faisant voleter sa chevelure dans sa fougue. Il est surpris de voir Mace s'humidifier les lèvres et se retourner sans sommation. Capa tremble tout à coup de malaise. - Quand mon père est revenu de prison, il a dit une chose pas conne du tout, après un an sans fille, même le plus couillu des mecs peut paraitre bandant, c'est encore pire quand on se retrouve face à toi ! Petit dej et on lève le camp ! » Est-ce la façon qu'a Mace de lui dire qu'il est beau ? Le sourcil de Robert tressaute nerveusement, car il ignore comment il doit le prendre. Doit-il en être heureux ? Ou doit-il se sentir insulté ? Il n'arrive pas à trancher et ressent une soudaine rage qui lui colore les joues. Pestant il attrape son bol de… bouillon d'ours ? puis tourne le dos au militaire qui n'en rigole que plus. Si il s'écoutait il ficherait son poing dans le visage de son coéquipier sans ménagement ! - Farouche qui plus est ! T'es amusant Roby, je te voyais plutôt comme un de ces illuminés un peu snobe et avec un bâton dans le fion, j'ai dû me tromper. » - Je suis loin d'être snob, c'est juste que mes tests de QI m'ont montré proche de l'autisme. J'ai été un enfant… différent, ça s'est arrangé quand je suis entré dans le programme de la Nasa, grâce à Trey en grande partie. C'est juste que le monde me fait peur… je suis à l'abri derrière mes livres. Une véritable sécurité où tout est paramétré, un et un fera toujours deux, c'est mon monde. Les gens ne peuvent pas comprendre, même ma mère n'a jamais réellement compris pourquoi jouer dehors me terrifiait. » Il avait souvent dit que ça ne l'intéressait pas de jouer avec les autres enfants du voisinage, mais c'était un fait, les enfants de son age lui avait fait peur. Robert s'était toujours senti en sécurité avec les adultes, il savait de quoi leur parler ; mais avec les gens de son age, il avait toujours eu peur des moqueries et du rejet. Et puis surtout, il n'avait jamais eu les mêmes intérêts avec ses camarades de classe. Lorsque les garçons jouaient aux courses de voitures, lui il préférait ouvrir des livres de sciences bien trop complexes pour son jeune âge. Lorsque ensuite les garçons parlèrent de filles, Capa lui s'intéressa à sa future bombe... Un mur, son mur de protection contre le monde étranger dans lequel il avait vécu. - Je sais pas si je pourrais continuer encore longtemps Mace. Sans ma zone de confort, je sais pas si mon mental va suivre ou si je vais… » - Devenir fou ? » - Hum... J'ai toujours fait en sorte de fuir les fluctuations émotionnelles, les psy disaient qu'un trop grand choc émotionnel pourrait me faire passer le cap de l'autisme sans retour possible. J'ai jamais dit ça à mes parents, ils étaient déjà tellement aux petits soins avec moi en sachant que je serais jamais normal, leur apprendre que cette menace planait, ça les aurait détruit. Je n'ai jamais pleuré avant hier, j'ai jamais senti la peur de cette façon, ni même le vide, j'ai jamais perdu le contrôle... » Il manquait plus que ça ! Mace fronce les sourcils, il a tout intérêt à garder l'œil ouvert et le bon car si le petit génie lui claque entre les doigts, ça allait être pénible ! Il ne sait rien de l'autisme à part que c'était une maladie de l'esprit encore incurable à l'époque d'où ils venaient. Cela dit, il ne veut pas savoir ce que ça donnerait ! Le mécanicien réfléchit à ce que vient de lui dire le physicien, puisqu'il a besoin de stabilité, puisqu'il a besoin de se cacher derrière son intelligence, il doit trouver quelque chose pour faire taire la crainte qu'a l'homme de ne plus servir à quoi que ce soit. C'est un fait, ce monde ne demande pas l'attention d'un génie en astrophysique, au mieux tout ce qu'il pourra demander à Roby c'est de créer une bombe en cas où les créatures de toute à l'heure viendraient à nouveau les attaquer. Mais au-delà de ça, il ne sait pas en quoi le gros cerveau de son camarade pourra lui servir... - Tu vas faire quelque chose pour moi. » - Quoi ? » - Cite-moi la table des éléments périodiques. » - Hein ?! » - Fais ce que je te dis, bien haut et bien clair, pendant que je démonte le camp. » Après l'avoir regardé comme un extraterrestre, Capa se met à sa tâche, cette table il l'a appris par cœur à à peine dix ans. Son coéquipier lui, charge la voiture en l'écoutant attentivement, il se demande si le militaire la connait, si il saura y voir une quelconque erreur de sa part car il ne comprend toujours pas sa demande. Tandis que les éléments se succèdent dans un automatisme, il voit où veut en venir son ancien équipier. Tout ceci fait partie de sa vie, de son monde rien qu'à lui, tandis que les différents éléments prennent place dans son esprit, il en oublie tout le reste : la peur, l'insécurité, l'inconnu… Lorsqu'il a fini Capa sourit, il attrape le corps du militaire qui referme le coffre de la voiture, l'homme surpris pousse un juron car il n'a pas vu le génie en astrophysique dans son angle mort. - Qu'est-ce que tu fiches ? » - Je crois que je t'embrasserais bien. » - Tu quoi ?! » Capa n'est pas habitué à ce genre d'envie physique, lui qui est dans la mesure ne connait pas ce genre de réaction émotionnelle, mais quelque chose semblable à de la joie le fait sourire comme un crétin. La découverte de cette facette de lui est à la fois excitante scientifiquement parlant et à la fois repoussante car ce n'est définitivement pas lui. - Oublie ça. J'ai pas l'habitude de..., c'est assez dérangeant, on devrait y aller. » - Faut qu'on passe par la rivière sans vouloir jouer le rabat joie, on sent le fauve ! » - D'accord... »[Chapter 5] Another Earth 5 Et voilà où ils sont installés à côté de la rivière, faisant un pause bien méritée. Le voyage avait été relativement long, Capa commence à ne plus supporter les trajets en voiture, l'espace lui manque comme jamais quelque chose ne lui a manqué auparavant. Fort heureusement Mace peut être distrayant surtout lorsqu'il s'engueule avec le tamia... Les doigts du physicien sont plongés dans l'eau, observant de son regard vide le courant faire des vaguelettes, Mace a décidé de faire quant à lui un plongeon dans l'eau. Après tout il a dit vouloir venir ici pour se laver, cela dit le génie préfère ne pas regarder l'homme qui lui somme de venir depuis toute à l'heure. Robert se sent mal à l'aise. Lorsque Mace sera correctement vêtu, il daignera plonger dans l'eau mais pas avant. Il n'a pas été un militaire à fréquenter les douches communes ou ce genre de choses, chacun avait eu son cocon intime sur Icarus 2 afin d'éviter les trop nombreuses prises de tête. Il doit avouer que Mace pour lors ne lui pas filé un coup de poing ou ne l'a pas cherché cela dit, ils entament simplement leur second jour, les choses ont le temps d'évoluer... L'eau est étrangement claire, comme si le temps avait effacé toutes traces de l'humanité et avait redonné sa pureté aux éléments. L'air est frais et vivifiant comme celui d'un matin ensoleillé en haute montagne. Mace profite qu'il ait la tête dans les nuages pour l'asperger à grande eau en souriant comme un gamin effronté. Robert fronce les sourcils mais ne riposte pas, à la place il soupire puis roule des yeux. - Vient, elle est bonne ! » - Toute à l'heure... » - Nom de dieu t'es si pudique que ça ? T'es franchement une fille quand tu t'y mets ! » Possible, mais il n'est pas comme Mace à se déshabiller sans complexe devant lui, de toute façon il aurait été idiot pour l'homme d'avoir honte de son corps, pour le peu qu'il en a vu il sait que le mécanicien possède un belle musculature. Ce n'est peut-être pas le monsieur muscle dont parlait Cassie un peu rêveuse... mais il doit avouer que l'homme est plaisant à regarder. L'ingénieur continue de lui parler, mais il n'écoute plus car le cri d'un oiseau gigantesque lui fait relever le nez dans le ciel bleu lagon. Ça pourrait ressembler à un condor vu la grosseur si ils n'avaient pas disparu durant son enfance. Robert est le premier à penser que la Terre se serait mieux portée sans l'humanité, mais il ne veut pas croire à son extermination pour tout ce qu'elle a fait de magnifique. Deux bras forts le soulèvent de terre, il pousse un cri surpris lorsque Mace le balance sur son épaule puis l'emmène avec lui dans l'eau. Lui qui est chétif et fragile n'est qu'un poids plume pour le robuste mécano. Une fois immergé ses grands yeux bleus se braquent dans ceux de Mace qui lui sourit chaleureusement. Le temps d'un moment le silence se suspend, le militaire est baigné dans la lumière du soleil qui lui rend justice. Ses mains se sont emparées des larges épaules car Capa n'a jamais appris à nager et qu'il ne sent pas le sol sous ses pieds, cependant il n'a pas peur car l'un des bras de Mace le serre au niveau de la taille contre son solide torse et l'autre tâche de les garder au dessus de l'eau. Robert fronce les sourcils car ses cheveux mouillés lui tombent devant les yeux, l'empêchant de profiter pleinement de la vue. Le bras qui fait des mouvements sur l'eau remonte jusque devant son crâne le débarrassant de la chevelure trempée. Capa ignore pourquoi son souffle est court, pourquoi tout à coup son corps est chaud comme la braise ; il a l'impression étrange qu'il va tourner de l'œil si il ne se calme pas. Ces manifestations sont inexplicables, jamais il n'y a cédé. Les deux bras de l'ingénieur sont maintenant refermés sur son corps, alors ses doigts glissent le long du corps descendant sur les pectoraux du militaire, ils jouent timidement avec la toison claire et disparate qui recouvre son torse jusqu'à ce que ses coudes se posent sur les avant-bras de son équipier qui le darde d'un curieux regard. Le silence ne le dérange pas, au contraire, il l'apprécie ; le bruit que fait l'eau recouvre certainement les battements de son cœur qui se sont affolés. L'étrange émotion qui le parcourt doit marquer ses joues le génie devrait avoir honte de son attitude, mais Capa sourit comme disant à son esprit qu'il se fiche de sa présence. Il laisse là ses pensées préférant profiter de l'instant présent contemplatif comme rarement il a été. L'ingénieur n'est pas un big-bang, ni même la plus belle manifestation physique ou chimique, quoi que en fouillant il en trouverait des dizaines toutes plus spécifiques à l'humain, mais ce qu'il veut voir c'est justement ce qui fait de Mace quelqu'un de différent et de plus important. Il a des envies inconnues comme celle de caresser la barbe de son compagnon, de glisser ses doigts dans sa chevelure courte, de parcourir de son indexe ce visage pour l'apprendre par cœur. Peut-il céder à l'envie sans paraître insolite aux yeux de son compagnon ? N'a-t-il jamais ressenti ce genre de bonheur inexplicable avant aujourd'hui ? Son cerveau repousse toutes ces impressions en rationalisant le tout : de l'ocyctocine et de la sérotonine rien de plus ! La réalisation du processus scientifique fait perdre au moment sa saveur aussi il pousse sur le torse pour se défaire de l'emprise du militaire qui sourit tout à coup malicieusement et le tire dans l'onde à sa suite. Il n'y a plus aucun bruit lorsqu'il ouvre les yeux et observe le monde qui s'étend devant ses yeux. Mace sourit en lui faisant un clin d'œil. Il se sent bien ici, en osmose avec le monde, à la maison... cependant l'air lui manquera et il devra remonter à la surface. L'homme fait un mouvement de la main qu'il ne comprend pas mais l'homme lui tapote le crâne de son indexe tout en se retenant de rire. Robert a le temps de voir un poisson voguer juste à côté d'eux, ses écailles prennent les lueurs d'un arc-en-ciel lorsque le soleil éclate sur la barrière argentée de son corps ; il est subjugué par la traine de ses nageoires, mais la main de Mace l'empêche d'entrer en contact avec l'animal. Le charme se rompt lorsqu'ils sont à nouveau à la surface. - On ferait mieux de sortir de là, ça ressemble aux filaments des méduses, j'ai pas tellement envie de me faire piquer ! » En effet, ils ne connaissent rien de cette faune, peut-être que le poisson ne lui aurait rien fait, mais si il avait été vénéneux qu'aurait pu faire Mace pour le sauver ? Capa pense aux différents antivenin existants, mais sans connaitre les azymes responsables des souffrances il est bien impossible de créer un sérum antivenimeux efficace. Ses cours de biologie et de chimie sont loin, il a toujours été un grand fan de la biochimie même si il s'est spécialisé après dans la physique puis l'astrophysique mais il se sent capable de créer ce genre de choses si on lui en laisse le temps. - Désolé. » - T'es un gosse, tu vois pas le danger. Je t'envierais presque ! » Une fois sur la berge le physicien secoue ses cheveux, son sweat est trempé aussi il s'en défait ou essaye, car le vêtement lui colle au corps et c'est en ricanant que Mace vient lui prêter main forte. Son corps se recroqueville devant le regard scrutateur du militaire. Robert n'est pas fait comme l'ingénieur, il est maigre et faible. Sa peau claire est parsemée de tâches de rousseur disgracieuses voilà pourquoi il n'aime pas se retrouver nu sous le regard d'autrui car il ne s'est jamais trouvé digne d'intérêt. Un gosse, ce mot flotte dans son crâne car il ne se sent pas homme face au mécanicien, comment le pourrait-il devant cet homme fort capable de le soulever comme un vulgaire sac d'un kilo ? - Ça va ? » - Hum ! Tu veux bien te retourner ! » Son ton est sec, ses bras cachent son torse tandis qu'il baisse la tête, il repousse le corps de mécanicien de toutes ses faibles forces puis se dirige vers son sac. Il ne prend pas la peine d'essuyer ses cheveux car le soleil se chargera de ça, il enfile rapidement une tenue sèche afin de se cacher aux yeux du militaire. Il ignore si Mace a fait ce qu'il lui a demandé, mais il ne prendra pas le temps de vérifier il se dépêche de se couvrir. - Tu sais, tu n'as rien que je n'ai pas encore vu. Il en est de même pour moi ! » Lorsqu'il est habillé, Mace est de dos comme il le lui a demandé, Robert est à la fois étonné et content que le militaire comprenne sa pudeur et lui laisse la zone de confort dont il a besoin. Il profite du fait que l'homme lui tourne le dos pour observer ses larges épaules et ses cuisses amples, son équipier a tout de l'homme protecteur. Son protecteur... Cette pensée le fait sourire comme un bienheureux. - C'est bon et habille-toi ! Si on se fait attaquer tu seras malin à te battre comme ça. » - T'en fais pas pour moi, Roby ! » La main qui secoue sa toison le fait osciller sous le mouvement vigoureux, ses yeux tombent dans l'herbe lorsque le militaire passe devant lui dans sa tenue d'Adam. Robert le laisse s'habiller tandis qu'il s'écroule dans l'herbe et observe les nuages au dessus de sa tête, soudainement un écran souple électroluminescent entre dans son champ de vision juste avant le regard affectueux du mécano qui s'accroupit devant lui. Une équation à deux inconnus orne la feuille blanche, aussi il sourit. - Je vais tomber amoureux si ça continue. » - Si il faut te draguer à coup d'équations je vais en perdre le peu de matière grise qu'il me reste ! » - T'es pas si bête… » - Ha ouais ? » - Hum… quand tu veux. » - Merci. » - Je t'en prie ! » Il doit profiter de ces instants car peut-être il n'aura plus droit à ce genre de moments avec le militaire. Est-ce qu'ils essayent de se séduire mutuellement ? Capa n'en est pas certain, Mace n'arrête pas de parler de filles et de sexe, mais au-delà de ça, il n'essaye pas de brancher le génie là-dessus, de toute façon avec Robert c'était une perte de temps. Peut-être que le militaire l'a compris ? Mais si le sexe ne l'avait jamais intrigué après qu'il ait compris le pourquoi du comment, la séduction était quelque chose de vraiment incompréhensible en tout cas pour lui, car à quoi servaient toutes ses attentions alors que tout ce que voulait la personne c'était de copuler ? Pourquoi tous ces efforts simplement pour… ça. L'humain n'était qu'un animal, il n'avait cependant plus besoin de faire le plus beau nid ou la plus belle parade amoureuse, tout ce qui fallait pour faire une famille résidait sur le Curriculum Vitae car une bonne place aidait à élever des enfants, point barre. En même temps son raisonnement était un peu trop dépouillé, ils voyaient mal deux personnes se rencontrer échanger leur travail et leur salaire et tout à coup baiser comme si il n'y aurait pas de le demain. La séduction faisait donc partie du jeu ? L'humanité gardera très certainement ses secrets ! - A quoi tu penses ? » - Les secrets de l'humanité, des choses dont je ne comprends pas encore la signification. » - Comme ? » - Il faut savoir garder un peu de secret, c'est pas drôle si je révèle tout dès le début et j'ai comme l'impression que tu me donneras la réponse sans que j'ai à te poser la question. Plus sérieusement, on va où ? » Ils avancent vers le soleil levant, mais si Mace a un plan, il ne le lui a pas communiqué. Robert se demande ce qu'ils vont faire et il n'en peut plus d'attendre que l'autre lui fasse part de ses stratégies, il veut être au parfum ! - La base militaire de Fort Benning. S'il y a personne, on aura un point d'eau fixe si la rivière rivière Chattahoochee existe toujours... il fera certainement un peu moins chaud et si la carte est exacte on risque d'avoir des nuits plus tempérées. New York et Washington ont dû être rasées de la carte lorsque les deux Amériques et le continent euro-africain se sont rapprochés, alors il reste plus grandes possibilités. Si il y a encore un gouvernement quelque part il sera là ou à Cheyenne Mountaine, mais je me risque pas dans le désert avec une telle chaleur. On pourra toujours essayer Fort Knox. Et si y'a toujours rien… on traversera le désert jusqu'à la zone 51 si ça aussi c'est désert, ça voudra dire que l'Amérique n'est plus… » Que l'Amérique ne soit plus ne lui ferait ni chaud ni froid, Capa n'est pas un patriote. Si son père avait émigré sur ce continent pour ses convictions personnelles, elles n'appartenaient pas à son fils. L'humanité était plus importante qu'un vulgaire pays que la plus part du temps on avait pas choisi. S'il avait le choix, il resterait ici pour toujours car il n'a jamais rien vu de plus beau que cet endroit. L'équation est simple, il l'a déjà résolue en la regardant, mais il fait semblant de réfléchir activement. - On trouvera forcément quelqu'un. » - Ça te plairait ? » - Hum ? » - De trouver un autre survivant ou plutôt une autre survivante... » - Je dis pas non ! Pas toi ? » - J'ai tout ce qu'il me faut… On devrait reprendre la route. » Sans un mot, le physicien se lève l'équation résolue est rendue à l'ingénieur qui le sonde du regard. Il n'a que trop réfléchi ces dernières minutes, vu la position du soleil il doit être dans les quinze heures, alors ils ont tout intérêt à se remettre en route. Il veut Mace heureux et sait très bien que pour ça ils doivent trouver des survivants, mais Robert ne peut s'empêcher d'être amer car ça implique que le militaire ne lui sera plus exclusif. En combien de jour avait-il appris l'égoïsme ? A peine deux. Il avait été un enfant très consciencieux, ses affaires n'appartenaient qu'à lui et à personne d'autres, Capa ne supportait pas qu'on touche à ses affaires car on remettait tout en désordre ou on changeait ses paramètres, cela dit c'étaient de simples choses. Mace est un être humain, il ne peut pas le considérer comme un objet. Il a sa vie, ses envies et ses émotions. Le physicien sait très bien de quoi il s'agit : une femme. Capa sent que cette histoire se finira forcément mal. Mace l'abandonnera un jour où l'autre ce n'est qu'une question de temps. Le jour où il sera clair qu'ils ne sont pas seuls, le militaire partira sans se retourner, ça devrait être ainsi. Le physicien ne pourra lui en vouloir car il sait à quel point il est difficile de vivre avec lui, il suffit de se rappeler le regard doux et triste de sa mère lorsqu'il la regardait comme une étrangère. Pendant les deux jours qui composèrent leur voyage jusqu'au fort Capa fut silencieux comme la mort et farouche au point que le militaire ne savait quoi lui dire. Ils restèrent silencieux à deux, s'évitant du regard et ne s'échangeant aucun mot de plus qu'il ne le fallait. Le physicien pensait bien faire car il prévoyait à l'avance leur prochaine séparation, Capa devait faire abstraction de l'ingénieur pour ne pas souffrir de l'abandon, aussi il se noyait sous ses pensées, ignorant du regard de plus en plus excédé du militaire. La nuit est venue en silence, les yeux bleus de Capa contemplent le discret feu de bois qui leur permet de faire cuir la viande d'une sorte de lapin qu'a chassé le militaire dans la journée. Soit disant qu'ils arriveront demain au fort, Robert pense à ce qu'ils y trouveront, le silence pesant commençant à taper sur les nerfs du mécanicien qui a réussi à tenir bon jusque-là. Son compagnon l'énerve au plus haut point car il ne sait comment le prendre. Si leur relation s'était bien développée jusqu'ici à croire même qu'ils pourraient devenir de bons amis, les vents répétés de Robert pour un oui ou pour un non, lui donnent l'envie de voir rouge et foncer dans le tas ! Mace dont le corps trahit sa colère menace d'exploser, ce qu'il fait lorsque exaspéré par l'attitude de Robert il se doit de parler avant de cogner. - Sérieux c'est quoi ton problème ?! Je peux pas faire plus que ça, tu veux que je te dise quoi ? Qu'on va cheminer vers le levant tout le restant de notre putain de vie, main dans la main en chantant des chansons de scouts ?! » Capa ne répond pas, il regarde Mace rouge de colère en surélevant un sourcil et sans autre forme de procès il se lève puis se dirige vers la tente. L'ingénieur réagit rapidement et après avoir tiré le physicien par la manche, son poing s'abat avec fougue sur le visage impassible du jeune homme qui tombe sur son séant. Son visage caché par sa chevelure se baisse et avant que le militaire puisse se rendre compte de ce qu'il a fait, le petit génie se met à pleurer recroquevillé sur le sol. Ce n'est pas ce qu'il voulait, il n'a pas voulu frapper Robert mais l'homme ne lui rend pas la tâche aisée. Mace soupire, il roule des yeux essayant de penser à quelque chose pour sauver les meubles. Il ne veut pas que l'autre s'enfonce dans son mutisme, qu'il lui parle bon dieu, qu'il dise tout haut ce qui ne va pas, Mace ne le mangera pas ! L'ingénieur passe la main dans ses cheveux en tournant en rond, ressassant les dernières soixante-douze heures afin de voir si il a fait une gaffe, mais il ignore ce qu'il a pu faire ou dire afin de s'attirer la froideur du physicien ! Si seulement Searle était là pour lui dire ce qui clochait, il saurait ce qui se passait mais là, tout ce qu'il peut faire c'est écouter encore qu'il faudrait que Robert s'exprime et ma fois c'est mal barré. Il n'est pas non plus capable de s'occuper de ça, il a vécu à la dure entre une mère absente, un père en taule et trois grands frères. Mace n'a pas vécu dans le confort et n'a jamais eu le loisir de montrer ses faiblesses car sa maison avait été une jungle ! S'il n'avait pas fini en école militaire, il est fort à parier que c'était la maison de redressement qu'il aurait côtoyé tôt ou tard. Il n'est donc pas la meilleure personne pour s'occuper des sentiments d'un petit génie. Ça fait quoi, cinq jours qu'ils cheminent ensemble et c'est déjà catastrophique voilà pourquoi il veut trouver d'autres survivants, une fille serait un plus, car Capa avait besoin de quelqu'un qui saura aller là où il ne peut pas ! Soudainement Mace se stoppe, est-ce que ça vient de ça ? Est-ce que le gamin fait une crise parce qu'il a dit vouloir trouver des survivants ? Mais pourquoi donc ?! - T'es comme Harvey ! » Là il ne suit pas. Le mécano cligne des yeux observant le regard haineux du génie en physique. Il n'a rien de comparable à l'ancien second de Kaneda, loin de là ! Ils s'étaient toujours mis sur la gueule à cause de leurs priorités différentes. Harvey voulait rentrer sur Terre même avec une mission avortée ça le mettait sur les nerfs à chaque fois que l'autre sans couille lui sortait des inepties de ce genre ! Alors quoi ! En quoi était-il si ressemblant à l'australien ? - De quoi tu parles ?! » - Oh arrête, arrête de faire l'innocent, comme si tu savais pas ! Y'a que Kaneda qui a jamais su parce que je suis pas une balance, d'accord ! Et Searle se doutait de quelque chose, mais j'ignore s'il a compris ce qui se passait. Mais je le voyais dans vos yeux et ça me donnait l'envie de vomir ! » Il y a une rage inexplicable qui coule de ses lèvres, c'est une façon de percer l'abcès c'est certain, mais il ne sait pas si c'est bien sain. Pour le moment Mace nage dans l'incompréhension, il attend que Capa crache la pilule avant de pouvoir répondre. - Il… » - Il quoi ? » La suite ne vient pas et ça l'énerve. Que peut bien avoir fait ce connard de capitaine en second ? Il s'attend quasiment au pire, car le physicien n'a pas l'air du genre d'homme à perdre son calme pour un rien, enfin, en tout cas pas pour s'énerver de la sorte. - Tu as le même regard que lui, la même étincelle ! Quand l'équipe a été formée j'ai travaillé avec Trey puis Harvey est venu se joindre à nous. Il semblait gentil mais il avait ce regard… Il arrêtait pas de m'appeler petit ange. Personne m'avait regardé comme ça avant lui, la plus part du temps c'était de l'étonnement que je voyais dans le regard des autres ou de la pitié. J'étais idiot et j'ai cru à son regard. Il a obtenu ce qu'il voulait de moi et puis ce regard il l'a tourné vers Corazon. Les gens se lassent de moi, ils aiment mon visage mais pas ce que je suis, je ne les en blâme pas, mais j'avais espéré que ça serait différent avec toi. » Nom de dieu, il n'avait pas vu ça ! Fallait dire qu'il avait passé son temps seul ou en compagnie des ingénieurs d'Icarus 1, aussi il n'avait pu vu ce qu'il y avait eu sous le nez. La façon dont Harvey avait traité Capa jusqu'à Vénus aurait dû le mettre sur la piste, mais il mettait ça sur le comportement hautain de l'australien. L'officier de communication avait vraiment eu une gueule de con. Ainsi donc il avait mis Robert dans son lit, certainement plus d'une fois vu la rancœur qui baignait le petit génie ! Comme son père lui avait dit, après un moment sans fille, un homme pouvait être alléchant, surtout Capa et puisque Corazon avait toujours été froide avec Harvey il avait dû revenir à l'assaut de sa première victime sur Icarus 2 pas étonnant que le petit génie avait évité les gens en se barricadant avec sa bombe. Ce que Mace avait perçu comme du snobisme avait été simplement fait pour éviter Harvey et ses mots sucrés. Comme il avait mal jugé le physicien… - Tu l'aimais ? » - Non… De toute façon l'amour n'est rien d'autre qu'une accumulation d'hormones face à un stimuli, ça ne veut rien dire pour moi. » C'était déjà ça, bien entendu ça n'excusait pas l'homme d'avoir abusé de la confiance du jeune homme. Mais Mace n'était certainement pas comme Harvey, loin de là. Il ne pouvait ignorer la beauté de Robert surtout qu'elle était exposée à ses yeux chaque jour et bien qu'il souhaiterait rester de marbre devant le géni, il ne peut contenir l'envie qu'il a en regardant dans ses grands yeux bleus angoissés. Le militaire soupire, il s'assoit à côté du physicien qui semble se bercer. Sa main caresse la chevelure noire tandis qu'il observe les flammes. - Écoute, puisqu'on en est aux révélations, c'est vrai que tu as une belle gueule, mais je vais pas t'utiliser pour ça et te jeter à la première occasion, ok ? C'est toi et moi bonhomme et si survivant il y a, je vais pas t'abandonner au coin de la rue avec un écriteau \"à adopter\". Si tu penses ça de moi c'est que t'as franchement une piètre opinion de l'homme que je suis. Harvey était un gland, ça m'étonne même pas de lui ! Mais je te jure que j'étais pas au courant sinon je lui aurais fait manger mon poing dans la gueule plus souvent encore. Si j'ai des propos ambigus ce n'est pas de mon fait, je ferais plus attention à ce que je dis ou je fais, d'accord ? » Mace n'est pas certain que ça résoudra le problème, il est humain. Même si il est hétéro, il ne peut nier que le physicien est un homme doux et fin comme une fille, les yeux trop bleus pour son bien et le visage juvénile d'un angelot et ça n'aide en rien ses pulsions. Mais il y a autre chose qui le chiffonne et c'est Roby. Le petit génie a des mots et des gestes qui semblent indiquer que ce n'est pas que lui qui déconne. Est-ce que Capa est intéressé par lui ? Le mécanicien n'a jamais pensé que le petit brun puisse ne serait-ce que loucher sur lui avec le handicape qu'il se traine. Cela dit, il doit en être certain avant de se retrancher derrière plus de précautions. Il ignore si il peut aller plus loin avec un homme, mais si il doit mordre ce fruit défendu autant que se soit avec le physicien, car l'homme lui plait. - Capa ? » - Hum ? » L'homme est allongé dans l'herbe reprenant une couleur normale au fur et mesure qu'il se calme et que ses larmes se taisent. Mace l'observe avec circonspection car il ignore s'il doit poser cette question mais la curiosité est parfois entêtée. - Tu es gay ? » - Si coucher avec Harvey fait de moi un gay, soit. » - T'aimes les filles ou pas ? » - Non. » - Ok… et si tout ça n'existait pas, si on avait retrouvé le monde que l'on a quitté, tu coucherais avec moi ? » Les doigts du physicien jouent avec l'herbe, il les regarde danser dans la verdure avec tristesse car Capa n'est pas celui qu'il a cru. C'est un génie, soit, un brave garçon, mais le gamin est brisé. Ce n'est pas un de ces gars pompeux qui se croit supérieur à tout le monde, c'est un enfant apeuré qui se cache derrière son intelligence. Il a envie de le serrer entre ses bras et de lui dire qu'il le protègera mais Mace n'est pas du genre à promettre ce qu'il n'est pas en mesure de faire. - J'aurais jamais dû faire ça avec Harvey, j'avais vingt ans, j'étais naïf et j'avais jamais… C'était une expérience à tenter. Mais ça n'a rien eu de scientifique, j'ai pas compris ça avant de le faire et quand ça a été terminé j'ai pris pour acquis ce qu'il m'a juré. Pour lui c'était des mots en l'air, pour moi c'était important. Il n'est pas l'homme que j'aurais choisi avec raison, mais il semblait correct. » - Quel est l'homme que tu aurais choisi avec raison ? » - Quelqu'un que je respectais, Kaneda, Trey ou toi. Trey était cool mais on se ressemblait trop. Kaneda imposait trop de respect pour que je me laisse aller, et puis c'était le capitaine il aurait jamais fait ça avec l'un de ses subordonnés, mais il était bel homme. Et toi… on est parti sur de mauvaises bases toi et moi. » - Faut croire... J'aurais jamais accepté ça avant une mission comme celle-là de toute façon. » - J'étais pas sensé revenir. Y'avait rien de mal à… essayer ? » - Non. Il a quand même été respectueux que vous avez… ? » - J'en sais rien. Il était au courant et je crois que c'est ça qui l'a attiré à vrai dire… il m'a fait mal. » - Quel connard ! Il a de la chance d'être mort. » Mace grogne il a besoin de cogner quelque chose car il est en colère, Harvey avait trop profité de la situation, déjà qu'il aimait pas l'homme mais savoir qu'il avait fait du mal à Robert le rendait dingue. Sur Icarus les gens n'avaient pas vu à quel point le physicien était fragile et inestimable, lui le premier. Si il pouvait retourner en arrière il se changerait juste pour qu'Harvey ne lève jamais le petit doigt sur le génie. Le militaire glisse dans l'herbe et attire Capa contre lui. Ils ne sont plus sur Icarus, ils n'ont plus le sort de l'humanité entre leurs mains et les choses pourraient changer ou rester les mêmes. Ça n'importait pas, ce qui était important c'est qu'il soit toujours là pour prendre soin du physicien. - On est quitte ? » - Oui désolé... peut-être que pour la première fois de ma vie je veux garder quelque chose rien que pour moi. » - Ça fait pas de mal d'être égoïste ! » - Tu le ferais si je te le demandais ? » Un sourcil se hausse, parle-t-il de ce dont ils venaient de discuter ? Très certainement car le regard bleu est fuyant. Sa main glisse dans le cou du génie pour l'attirer vers son regard. - Si tu en as envie et simplement si tu en as envie. » - Mais toi, en as-tu envie ? » - Oui. » Caressant le visage de Capa, il contemple le jeune homme froncer les sourcils semblant ne pas croire ce qu'il vient de dire. Mais Mace n'a pas l'habitude de mentir surtout sur ce genre de choses. Il ne forcera pas Capa, il ne sera pas l'homme à lui faire du chantage ou lui faire miroiter des tonnes de choses juste pour un coup rapide, qu'ils soient les derniers représentants de la race humaine ou pas, il traiterait l'angelot avec les mêmes égards qu'il avait offert aux femmes qui avaient partagé son lit. L'homme roule dans l'herbe emmenant Robert avec lui, lorsqu'il surplombe le jeune homme il se baisse et puisque Capa l'observe sans esquisser un mouvement de recule, il embrasse ses lèvres chastement. Robert Capa n'est peut-être pas en mesure d'aimer, peut-être que pour lui ça ne voudra rien dire mais il découvre ses lèvres charnues qui lui font perdre la raison. L'homme sous ses doigts se laisse faire sans bouger, ses grands yeux bleus l'observe avec attention comme si il examine quelque chose scientifiquement. Mace ne s'en formalise pas, ses doigts glissent dans le cou frêle puis remontent dans la chevelure inerte. Ses pouces découvrent les pommettes saillantes, les joues creusées par la mâchoire carrée de l'angelot. Il ignore si Capa est bel homme ou pas, mais son visage ne le laisse pas de marbre, pas plus que ses grands yeux bleus rehaussés de cils sombres comme la suie. Sa peau est douce, malgré les jours qui se succèdent pas un poil n'a pris place sur son visage juvénile. Sa peau blanche rougit sous ses doigts, ses joues ressemblent à celle d'une fille sous ses yeux ébahis, lorsque le mécano se redresse les lèvres du petit génie ne sont plus que deux arc-de-cercles vermeilles entrouverts sous la surprise. - C'était quoi ça ? » La question est idiote venant d'un petit génie ! Mace ricane devant les grands yeux bleus qui le toisent avec avidité. Le petit génie pose ses avant-bras sur le sol, redressant son visage dans la lumière du feu de bois. Il dévorerait bien ce cou qui s'offre à son regard, mais il n'insistera pas plus. - Un baiser, Roby. Un baiser. » - C'était bizarre... » - Me dit pas que Harvey t'as jamais embrassé. » - Au début c'était juste du sexe je voulais voir ce que c'était. Mais non, il a jamais fait ça. » - Putain... Le soleil pourrait pas le ramener juste pour que je le retue ?! » Robert le regarde rigoler, son doigt appuis sur le crâne du jeune homme qui s'écroule dans l'herbe, l'air étrangement rêveur. - J'ai bien aimé. » - Content de pas avoir perdu mon savoir-faire. » - Ou que je sois victime d'une nouvelle montée de dopamine et de sérotonine... D'ailleurs tu manques cruellement de cette dernière. » - Sérieux c'est juste une histoire d'hormone pour toi ? » - C'est ce qui donne de l'envie, qui pousse les gens à aimer le sexe ou à vouloir des câlins. Pourquoi l'amour rend aveugle d'après toi, ton cerveau est bourré de phényléthylamine au point que le rationnel soit effacé au profit de l'euphorie et de l'hyperactivité. » Misère... Le militaire secoue la tête négligemment, le physicien est trop terre à terre. Mace aime vivre l'amour au jour le jour être chaviré par les émotions par l'incontrôlable qui donne le vertige ! Ils sont si différents... jamais il n'a conversé avant son entrée dans le programme Icarus avec quelqu'un si détaché de la vie. Parfois il trouve que Capa ressemble à l'Intelligence Artificielle qui personnifiait leur mission suicide. L'homme soupire, tendant la main vers le petit brun ils doivent éteindre le feu, il ne veut pas attirer les soucis. Avec sa botte il pousse la terre sur le feu puis range les différentes gamelles pour ne pas attirer les animaux sauvages. - Au lit, demain on a de la route à faire ! » Capa marche en silence jusque sous la tente, lorsqu'il est dans son sac de couchage il est étonné de voir Corazon la gueule remplie de provisions et le ventre distendu. Elle est roulée en boule sur le sac du militaire qu'elle a visiblement saccagée. Le militaire soupire en voyant le tableau mais ne dit rien lorsqu'il s'allonge aux côtés de Robert il est surpris de voir le jeune homme se caler contre lui. - Bonne nuit ! »[Chapter 6] Daeamon, je te remercie pour tes reviews, elles font chaud au cœur et me touche beaucoup, la preuve que je ne me sois pas trompé en publiant cette histoire. Sache que c'est les fic américaines qui m'ont converti à ce pairing que jamais je n'avais imaginé xD. J'espère que le déroulement de l'histoire et ma pauvre plume continueront à te plaire, et merci infiniment ! Another Earth 6 Le voyage est plus long qu'il ne l'a imaginé, très certainement à cause de l'énorme zébrure dont est victime le sol et qui semble avoir été dans une autre vie le lit de la rivière Ohio. Ils sont obligés par prudence d'éviter chaque grande ville, chaque route nationale ne sachant pas ce qui les attend aussi ce n'est que maintenant qu'ils peuvent se rapprocher de la rivière. Mace est bien incapable de voir le fond du précipice qui s'étend sur bien un kilomètre de largeur. Le petit génie émet quelques théories sur les glissements de terrain, sur les plaques tectoniques ou les tremblements de terre qui ont déchiré la surface de la planète mais il y a plus important ! Vu le lifting qu'a subi la rivière ils seront bien en peine de trouver un pont qui aura survécu à ce cataclysme, et si ils ne peuvent franchir la frontière qu'ils ont en face des yeux, ils sont condamnés à errer sur les terres supérieures de l'Amérique ; à moins qu'ils ne remontent jusqu'en Pennsylvanie ou qu'ils puissent redescendre grâce à l'Afrique... Mace déteste perdre son temps à contourner les obstacles, mais il n'y peut pas grand chose car la voiture ne sait pas voler... Lui qui souhaite rester hors des grandes villes va devoir s'y rendre. Le prochain endroit où ils pourront traverser sera à Louiseville à moins que le pont de Mauckport soit toujours là... Soupirant, il reprend place derrière le volant ; son coéquipier est bien chanceux de ne savoir conduire parfois il aimerait fermer l'œil et se faire bercer confortablement comme Robert, mais mieux valait qu'il garde contrôle sur la voiture, allons savoir ce que pourrait faire le physicien avec... Son regard glisse sur sa droite, l'homme observe le tamia qui court le long du bras de son passager. Corazon a disposé de plusieurs chances pour s'échapper, mais la créature semble apprécier leur présence et surtout le bouffe qu'ils lui donnent. Pourquoi donc s'embêter à chasser glands et fruits si une main pouvait vous apporter le tout dans un sac et par dizaine ! Le rongeur a le ventre distendu parfois il se demande si la nourriture est trop riche ou si leur petit compagnon est bien une femelle et qu'elle va les gratifier d'une future portée. Le militaire roule des yeux, il préfère ne pas y penser, à la base c'était juste pour qu'ils aient quelque chose vers quoi tourner leur attention, une autre personne qu'eux-même, mais il n'a aucune envie de faire un élevage de bestioles, encore que ça ferait de la viande maintenant y'a plus qu'à savoir si ça se laisserait manger ! En tout cas, bien qu'habitué à déguster sa nourriture lyophilisée ou dans une boite, le mécano tuerait pour une bonne côte de bœuf ! Le détour est atrocement long, fort heureusement le pont de Mauckport qui a du être refait pendant leur absence vu son look futuriste est resté fièrement dressé, enfin pour ce qu'il en reste... mais la voiture a pu s'y engager et le traverser sans trop d'encombre. Mais les kilomètres supplémentaires font qu'ils sont pris au piège par la nuit à quelques kilomètres de la base. Une partie de lui voudrait continuer la route, mais il préfère la précaution et arriver au fort en pleine journée, dieu sait ce qu'ils y trouveront ! Ils seraient en difficulté tactique rien qu'à cause de l'édifice, il ne veut pas se rajouter des soucis, aussi Mace stoppe la voiture et commence à monter le camp. - On aurait pu finir, on est plus très loin... » - Deux kilomètres cinq. Je préfère arriver en pleine journée. On ne sait pas ce qui nous y attend. » - De toute façon, si c'est aussi amical qu'à St Louis, je serais dans l'obligation de te dire que les survivants qu'on va trouver seront tous pareilles. » - Le soleil peut vraiment faire ça ? » - Je suis pas sûr. Les tachyons étaient encore méconnus quand on est parti. Tu m'aurais dit catastrophe nucléaire... » - On a tout utilisé pour Icarus 2. » - En effet. » - Alors ? » - Faut peut-être accepter l'idée que l'humanité est morte dans les cataclysmes et qu'on a en face de nous une nouvelle évolution... » - Encore des singes, ça serait pas un peu redondant ? » - Ne dit-on pas que l'histoire se répète éternellement ? » Mace grogne, si l'espèce humaine a disparu il espère bien que l'évolution changera un peu la donne, pourquoi encore des singes ? Pourquoi pas une évolution d'oiseaux ou de chats ! Ça changerait un peu. Si les autres ne semblaient pas tellement humains, ils avaient appris à se servir des armes humaines et démontraient donc d'une certaine intelligence... - Rien ne sert de parler, on monte le camp, on mange et on dort. » - Merveilleux ! Laisse-moi deviner, pas de feu ? » - Tu commences à prendre le pli. » - Dès qu'on est proche d'une ville, tu deviens parano... » - J'essaye de nous garder en vie. » - A part les fous de St Louis et l'espèce de canard mangeur de chair humaine on a pas eu d'ennuis. » Le canard... Il l'avait presque oublié celui-là. D'ailleurs, ils l'ont mangé ce midi ! Jamais le militaire n'avait vu un palmipède aussi teigneux, en dehors des cygnes bien entendu. Si il avait été un véritable salop, il aurait laissé son camarade se débrouiller seul. Qu'avait eu Robert en tête en s'approchant du volatil ? Il l'ignore, mais son esprit n'a rien de vif lorsqu'il s'agit de survie... On touchait pas aux animaux qu'on ne connaissait pas, c'était une règle d'or, peut-être maintenant qu'il s'était fait mordre comme il le fallait, le petit génie ne réitèrerait pas les mêmes erreurs. - Encore mal ? » - Ça va, il a juste pincé. » - Ta tête ne lui revenait pas. » - Arrête de te bidonner, c'était pas drôle. » - Excuse-moi mais tu l'as cherché sur ce coup. » - Je voulais juste voir de plus près. » - Regarder une expérience de physique n'a rien de dangereux, enfin, sauf si ça te saute au nez, mais tu maitrises le sujet sur le bout des doigts. Les animaux sont imprévisibles. Je n'ai pas peur que des pseudos humains car un bon prédateur reste le meilleur moyen de mourir. Quand on voit la grosseur de Corazon, j'imagine pas la gueule des pumas. L'espèce d'ours de St Louis a bien failli me lacérer, il a déboulé de nulle part. » Robert n'a pas tellement envie de se faire dévorer vivant... même mort d'ailleurs ! Il voulait être incinéré et jeté dans l'espace, m'enfin, aujourd'hui c'était un beau rêve irréalisable. Descendant du véhicule il pousse gentiment le tamia dans sa capuche puis aide Mace. Il ignore si leur dernière discussion lui a fait du bien car il a évité d'y penser. C'est idiot, mais l'envie qu'il goute en regardant Mace le répugne. Capa a toujours voulu se détacher de la partie animale de l'humanité, se couper des émotions, cultiver son esprit rien que son esprit, oubliant quelque peu son corps. Ce qu'il a vécu avec Harvey l'a conforté dans son idée, il a été assez bête pour se faire prendre au piège une fois, il n'a pas envie de recommencer. Il sourit tandis que Corazon saute de sa cachette puis s'attaque au militaire qui a le dos courbé. Il entend son coéquipier crier après la bestiole qui ne l'épargne pas de ses griffes, le tamia semble avoir faim, en ce moment il dévore tout ce qu'il trouve sur son chemin... - Lâche-moi la grappe Corazon ! » Cette fois-ci c'est Robert qui se moque du militaire en le voyant se démener contre le rongeur vif et rapide. Le tamia sautille sur son dos évitant avec soin les mouvements de bras du militaire qui bataille contre une créature aux airs diaboliques. Corazon peut être une véritable petite crème et tout à coup mordre et griffer pour un rien, surtout quand elle a faim ! Elle fouille les poches arrières du treillis essayant certainement de dégotter quelques miettes délaissées mais le mécano est plus rapide, sa main se ferme sur la créature qui pousse un cri strident lorsqu'il la jette sans ménagement dans la tente. - T'es un tortionnaire... » - J'ai le dos en sang ! » - Je t'avais dit de pas la nourrir autant, mais monsieur voulait la gâter... Maintenant elle fait des caprices ! » - Dis tout de que je ferais un piètre père. » - En effet ! » Mace hausse un sourcil en le toisant d'un regard froid puis il lui jette un torchon sur la tête en marmonnant. Pas qu'il serait un mauvais père en fait, mais il avait tendance à ne pas savoir s'arrêter de donner. Suffit de regarder comment il traite Robert et Corzaon... - Par contre toi, tu fais une mère impitoyable. » - Hey ! » C'était de bonne guerre, mais même si le physicien n'aimait pas être féminisé, il avait fini par comprendre que Mace ne profiterait pas de ses faiblesses. Le militaire est finalement un homme d'honneur et de principes. Le jeune homme pense tout à coup au baiser de la veille tandis que son compagnon se bat avec une conserve. Les pièces du puzzles s'imbriquent, Mace a dit être différent de l'ingénieur d'Icarus et c'est vrai. Il découvre un homme attachant. - Dis-moi, quel est ton prénom ? » - Mon prénom ? » - J'arrête pas de t'appeler par ton nom de famille, je sais que ça fait plus militaire, encore que je devrais t'appeler Lieutenant Mace, non ? » - T'es un civil, Capa... T'es un civil. » - Alors ? » - Pourquoi tu veux le savoir ? » - Je sais pas Mace est le gros dur qui m'a souvent mis son poing dans le visage, on est passé à autre chose. Garder les formalités de la mission est quelque chose de dérisoire aujourd'hui. » La boite de conserve est enfin ouverte, Mace s'assoit dans la lumière de la lune avec un drôle de sourire. Son regard toise le contenu de la conserve avant qu'il ne soupire de lassitude. Encore des fayots ! - Robert. » - Hum ? » - Non, je m'appelle Robert Mace. » - Ha, heu... » Ça fait bizarre car ils partagent le même prénom. Le physicien papillonne des yeux observant le militaire qui lui fait un signe de tête. Robert avance lentement vers Mace qui l'attire vers lui comme pour lui confier un secret. - J'ai jamais aimé mon prénom, alors si tu tiens à ta petite vie, évite les surnoms, pas de Roby, pas de Bob ou de Bobby ou tout autre diminutifs qui me donneront l'envie d'écourter prématurément ta petite vie. » - Mace c'est bien... » - C'est ce que je pensais. » Robert a du mal à déglutir, le ton de Mace a été tout à coup froid et dépourvu d'émotion. Il ignore si c'est une blague de mauvais gout ou si le brun le fait marcher ou si il est tout à fait sérieux… En tout cas, si c'est le cas, ça ne s'appelle plus ne pas aimer son prénom, c'est carrément de l'aversion qu'a l'ingénieur envers celui-ci. Robert en ignore la cause, il ne s'est jamais posé la question à savoir si son nom lui convenait ou pas et son surnom c'est sa sœur qui le lui avait trouvé, certainement parce que le prénom était trop austère pour ses grands yeux bleus. Il s'est toujours accommodé des facéties de sa famille, histoire d'être complaisant avec ceux qui partageaient la dureté de son quotidien. Sa mère avait aimé l'appeler par son surnom jusqu'à son adolescence certainement pour moins souffrir de son absence d'enfance normale. - Aller, mange. » - Mace ? » - Hum ? » - Pourquoi tu es devenu militaire ? » - J'avais le choix, finir comme mon père, un vieil alcoolo qui se bat dans les bars ou faire une école militaire... C'était aussi pour fuir trois grands frères abusifs dont j'étais le punching-ball favoris. » - Désolé... » - Faut pas, je vis très bien avec mon passé. » - Ce qui ne nous tue pas nous rend plus fort ? » - Tout à fait. » - Moi je serais mort à ta place... » - T'en sais rien, t'aurais peut-être fait comme moi. » - Sérieusement, je me vois mal à l'armée... » - Pourquoi ? » - J'aime mon intimité. » Son camarade rigole délaissant sa cuillère dans la boite de conserve. Le militaire subit quotidiennement la pudeur excentrique du physicien certes il commence à s'en accommoder mais parfois c'est difficile car il n'a jamais été pudique pour deux sous et se retrouver à poil devant un autre homme ne lui a jamais posé de soucis. Cependant il fait attention de porter quelque chose sur lui lorsque le petit génie est dans les parages. - J'ai cru comprendre en effet... » - Tu es la seule personne à voir jamais dormi avec moi et le seul que j'ai vu nu comme un vers... d'ailleurs. » - C'est rien ça mord pas ! » - On n'est pas des animaux. » - Sur ce point tu as tord. » - Je ne suis pas un animal. » Le regard de Mace le scrute silencieusement, il tend la conserve à son vis-à-vis qui fait la moue devant les flageolets blancs. - C'est donc ça ? » - Hum ? » - Tu fais parti de ces illuminés qui cultivent l'esprit et le dissocie complètement du corps ? » - Disons que j'essaye de séparer les choses. Je suis plus à l'aise avec mon esprit qu'avec mon corps. » Ceci explique cela, il comprend mieux ce qui ne va pas avec le petit génie. Il n'y a pas que son intelligence autistique qui lui pourrit la vie, ce refus du corps et de ce qui va avec ne l'aide pas des masses. Mace comprend mieux pourquoi le physicien ne demande jamais d'espace, le militaire répond à des envies et des pulsions, il doit parfois s'isoler un peu pour en prendre soin et ne pas affoler son équipier s'il venait à être le spectateur fortuit d'un de ses tête-à-têtes avec sa main droite. Il est fort à parier que ce n'est pas quelque chose que le jeune homme fait, n'a-t-il pas avoué avoir cédé aux avances d'Harvey par pure curiosité ? Il se demande si Robert est coutumier de l'envie, si il la ressent et comment il la gère. Le petit ange ne doit pas être heureux sans parler de la frustration et tout ce qui découle de ce genre de rejet. - Tu accumules les tares, sans méchanceté aucune. » - Je vis très bien comme ça ! » - Ha ouais ? » La question le désarçonne, pendant un moment il se sent pas à l'aise. Il n'a pas besoin de d'observer Mace pour savoir quel genre de regard il pose sur lui à cet instant précis. Il n'en croit pas un mot et il a bien raison car même Robert ne croit pas à ce qu'il vient de dire. Ce ne sont que des mots automatiques essayant de cacher vainement ce qui se passe à l'intérieur de lui. - Vivais... » - Qu'est-ce qui a changé ? » - Toi... » La cuillère retombe dans la boite d'aluminium, Capa a l'appétit coupé. Il ne supporte pas la dualité de son être en présence du militaire, il soupire puis se lève car il a besoin d'un peu de solitude. - Capa... » - J'ai plus faim... » - Capa. » La main de Mace le retient, il sait que si il insiste l'homme le laissera partir sans rien dire. Il n'a pas cœur à repousser le militaire pas plus qu'il n'a envie de tergiverser sur son nouveau comportement. Les choses seraient plus simples si il pouvait revenir en arrière. - Je sais pas pourquoi tu te fais ça. Je comprends pas ton esprit, pas plus que tu ne comprends le mien ça se trouve, mais j'aimerais bien que tu arrêtes de porter tout ce poids sur tes épaules. Vis un peu, sois heureux, extériorise tes émotions, y'a que ça qui nous différencie des machines. Je pense pas que ça puisse te faire du mal de pleurer, de parler, d'avoir envie et de l'exprimer librement ce qui t'en fait c'est garder tout ça au fond de toi, tu vas te détruire Roby. Je vais pas me moquer ou je ne sais quoi... Je voudrais juste que tu me parles. » - Pour ? » - Te soulager. Quand on garde trop longtemps les chose crois-en mon expérience on explose. » Il le sent... il sait qu'il va exploser, que son être entier tombera en milliers de fragments et qu'il ne restera plus rien de ce qu'il a été. Robert se sent tellement démuni et lorsque Mace l'attire il s'écroule entre les bras du militaire. - Vas-y. » - J'ai peur... Peur de me perdre, peur de te perdre. J'ai peur de moi quand j'ai envie de toi... J'ai peur que tu sois comme Harvey, que tu piétines mes sentiments. Ça fait si mal, tout est si intense, tout est si disproportionné comme si je n'avais rien pour réduire l'impact des choses que je ressens si je m'en protégeais pas, voilà longtemps qu'il ne resterait plus rien de moi. » Mace se rend compte après coup qu'il caresse la chevelure du jeune homme tendrement, ce n'est pas tant les mots que son compagnon déverse qui lui font mal mais la détresse de sa voix, il voudrait pouvoir faire quelque chose pour lui, mais il semble désarmé devant cette douleur. N'y tenant plus et n'écoutant que son cœur il s'empare des lèvres du petit génie et l'emmène avec lui dans le tapis d'herbe. Il dévore ses lèvres l'empêchant de pleurer, ses bras le serrent contre son corps pour le protéger car c'est tout ce qu'il peut faire pour le jeune homme. Tenter, essayer par tous les moyens d'amoindrir ce mal qui le ronge sournoisement de l'intérieur. Il aime Robert c'est un fait, malgré les sentiments confus qu'il en résulte pour Mace d'aimer un homme. Les doigts de Capa se referment sur sa nuque l'emprisonnant au sein de ses mains, il répond à la passion qui se dégage du corps en dessous de lui jusqu'à ce que le charme se rompe et que leurs lèvres se séparent. Mace regarde au fond des yeux bleus de son camarade qui étincellent d'un millier d'inclinaisons. Ses doigts s'entremêlent dans la chevelure trop longue tandis que le souffle chaud du physicien caresse sa peau. - Me quitte pas, par pitié t'en vas pas, Mace j'en mourrais. » - Chut, il n'en est pas question. » - Oh mon dieu... » Le souffle est soudainement frénétique, Mace fronce les sourcils en voyant le regard bleu s'alerter, il est diffus incapable de s'arrêter sur quelque chose, le brun panique mais il ignore pourquoi. L'ingénieur se redresse amenant le physicien à faire de même jusqu'à ce qu'il prenne le visage anguleux et pourtant trop doux dans la paume de ses mains. - Respire Roby... qu'est-ce qu'il y a ? » - Je... je crois que... » Les idées du petit génie semblent confuses, il n'arrive pas à le garder avec lui, les yeux font des arc de cercles rapide et inquiets, Mace aimerait que son compagnon s'exprime car il se préoccupe de son état psychologique. - Je crois que... tu crois que... ? C'est illogique. Illogique, ce ne sont que des hormones, des hormones rien d'autre ! » - De quoi tu parles ? » - De l'amour. » Mace surélève son sourcil gauche sous la surprise, ils n'ont pas mis de mot sur ce qui les lie car c'est une succession d'étapes pas toujours très naturelles, il a encore du mal à considérer le jeune homme comme un ami alors de là à penser au physicien comme d'un possible amant, le pas à franchir est franchement gigantesque. Toutefois, il l'a bien embrassé et Mace n'a jamais été du style à céder aisément à l'appel d'une simple envie physique, il y avait toujours quelque chose au creux de son cœur de plus profond. Le fait que Capa soit un homme semble l'empêcher de penser plus en profondeur à ce qu'ils vivent. Quoi qu'il en soit Mace ne sera pas l'homme à dire les mots fatidiques sans les penser du fond de son cœur. Il envoie un sourire réconfortant à l'encontre de son coéquipier qu'il ballotte d'une poigne vigoureuse. - Qu'importe ce que c'est du moment que ce n'est pas négatif, hum ? Va te coucher, je fais une dernière ronde et j'arrive. » - Mace ? » - Hum ? » - Merci. » Il n'a plus rien d'autre à ajouter, son regard tendre observe le physicien s'en retourner vers la tente mais un mouvement dans l'herbe haute l'arrête net, la main sur sa cuisse, il sort son couteau puis se recule pour plonger dans l'obscurité. Quoi que ce soit ça ne l'a pas vu et continue son avancée lente et indétectable vers Capa. Lorsqu'il voit la queue longue d'une sorte de chat… gros chat… Mace soupire. Il n'a pas dans l'intention d'être au menu du soir aussi il attrape son arme et avant que le fauve bondisse sur sa proie il lui cale une balle dans la colonne vertébrale. Les yeux de Capa grands ouverts observent le corps du félin tomber raide mort à ses pieds, quelques secondes d'hésitation supplémentaire et il aurait certainement perdu le physicien car la bête avait visé la carotide, comme tout prédateur qui se respecte. - Viande de… C'est quoi ça ? » Capa se baisse observant le félin avec intérêt. De dos ça ressemblait à une panthère, mais il n'en est rien, la dentition de la créature est monstrueuse. La cuillère que tient le physicien fait l'état des lieux et deux rangées de dents acérées ainsi que deux canines surdimensionnées luisent sous le rayon de lune. - Ça ressemble à un puma, mais il est tachetée et à la dentition d'un… il a régressé. » - Quoi ? » - Il a régressé, on croirait un dent de sabre. » Capa ne parle certainement pas du super héros ça il en est certain, il parle de ce vieux félin disparu qui s'était partagé l'affiche d'un nombre incalculable de films pour enfants avec un paresseux et un mammouth. - Est-ce qu'on doit prévoir d'autres spécimens ? » - Hein ? » - Ça chasse en groupe ?! » - Oui, je crois. » - Bordel, dans la voiture, dépêche ! » - Y'a plus de soleil… » - Ouai, mais au moins on sera en sécurité ! On va leur laisser de la viande ça les occupera un peu avec de la chance ils nous oublieront. » - J'en doute… » - Et bien je les descendrais tous. » - Mace, l'ami des bêtes ! » Tandis que le corps du militaire réagit à chaque fois qu'il tire ou remplit son arme, avec un professionnalisme à toute épreuve Capa étudie ses réactions et ses façons de faire. Mace pince ses lèvres lorsqu'il cherche sa proie dans l'obscurité très certainement anxieux qu'une créature comme ça puisse mieux voir que lui dans la noirceur. Son doigt danse sur la gâchette de l'arme jusqu'à ce que ses yeux perçant trouvent enfin leur proie et qu'il la mette en joue, ensuite avec un immobilisme soigneux il tire faisant mouche à chaque fois. Capa ne peut qu'être sous le charme d'un tel homme parce qu'il semble parfait, alors lorsque le calme emplis la voiture et que Mace lui ordonne de rester silencieusement à sa place, son regard quitte le corps de l'homme car il sait qu'espérer après le militaire sera la plus grosse erreur de sa vie juste après avoir fait la bêtise d'avoir eu un rapport sexuel avec Harvey. Il s'en fait pour Corazon, mais il ne peut aller la chercher sans risquer sa peau et par conséquent celle de l'ingénieur. L'attente semble insoutenable, mais il garde son calme attendant que Mace lui dise autrement. - C'est bon ! Alors génie on appelle comment ces gros chats ? » - Je suis pas biologiste animalier ! » - Catinator, ça sonne bien ! » Quel idiot… Capa soupire, il observe le corps d'un des félins allongé à côté de sa botte, il ne connait rien aux animaux, malgré la beauté de la bête il est quand même content que la créature soit morte. Prenant le petit couteau que Mace lui a offert il se baisse et ausculte la dentition de la créature puis ses griffes. C'est une véritable machine à tuer alors quand il entend Mace hurler, il lâche son couteau et se met à guetter autour de lui, il ne voit rien dans l'obscurité mais il se décide à courir. Lorsqu'il se prend le pied dans une racine, il s'étale contre le sol. Le grognement précède la vision d'un œil doré et de larges canines affutées, le physicien ne bouge plus, mythe ou réalité faire le mort lui semble la solution la plus logique sur le moment, tout du moins la moins risquée. L'œil se rapprochant Capa serre le poing et l'envoie dans le visage du monstre évitant avec brio la mâchoire qui essaye de se refermer sur son épaule. Jamais il ne s'est battu, mais il n'a pas l'intention de se laisser faire aujourd'hui ; son cœur bondit dans sa poitrine car Mace crie encore. Il ne peut pas se permettre de perdre son ami alors l'ongle de ses indexes pénètre le globe oculaire du chat qui pousse un feulement rauque. Il rampe sur le sol à la recherche du couteau échappé et lorsque ses doigts se referment sur le manche de l'arme blanche il s'en saisit puis se retourne violemment vers la bête qui se jette sur lui. Une douleur puissante s'empare du bras qu'il a plongé en direction du félin. Quelque chose de chaud et poisseux inonde son corps, son cerveau ne suit pas le mouvement, il ignore si c'est son sang ou celui de la bête qui le macule, mais lorsqu'elle s'écroule soudainement sur lui, Capa manque de se faire asphyxier. Il lutte contre la masse qui le recouvre jusqu'à ce qu'il puisse se redresser, la lumière de la lune n'est pas assez puissante pour qu'il y voit quelque chose, aussi il appelle Mace à voix basse. - Je suis là... » L'ingénieur est allongé sur le sol, sa main comprime son ventre d'une façon qui indique au petit génie qu'il est salement amoché. Tombant à genoux devant son camarade il s'aperçoit de la carcasse gisante du félidé à ses côtés. Mace s'est battu afin de ne pas finir en charpie, mais lorsque sa main bouge celle du militaire, un torrent de rouge s'échappe de la plaie béante. Le visage est déformé par la douleur à tel point que le petit génie se sent partir loin de son corps. Il ne veut pas voir ça, il ne veut pas voir son ami agoniser et mourir devant ses yeux impuissants. Son visage baigné de larmes glisse contre la nuque de Mace dont il comprime la plaie. - Je t'en supplie... pas ça... » - T'as... rien ? » - Non. T'as pas intérêt à me laisser en plan ! » - J'ai fais une erreur, on aurait pas du sortir... sauve-toi de là, y'en a peut-être encore. » - Pas moyen que je te laisse. Corazon ! » D'où lui vient cette force ? D'où lui vient cette rage, il tire le militaire par les aisselles en direction de la voiture, il ne prendra pas la peine de récupérer leurs affaires, de toute façon, il est mort si le militaire décède. Il appelle le tamia espérant qu'il puisse se glisser entre les herbes et partir avec eux, mais il ne quittera pas le chevet de l'homme blessé pas même pour sauver le petit animal. Robert s'est emparé de l'arme au sol, il ne fait pas attention aux protestations de son camarade qui doit dérouiller à cause de la douleur. Jamais il ne pourra se regarder en face si il laisse l'ingénieur derrière. Tirant sur sa faible musculature il positionne Mace sur le siège passager puis referme la porte. Il est étonné de voir Corazon courir dans l'herbe haute poursuivie par un autre de ces chats. Le premier tire qu'il fait passe loin au dessus du Catinator pour un peu il aurait même chuté à cause du recul, la seconde balle blesse le félin à la hanche donnant à Corazon une chance supplémentaire de s'en sortir, il est assis derrière le volant lorsque la créature grimpe le long de la voiture et passe par la fenêtre volée en éclats. - Merde ! » - Qu'es-ce que tu fais... » - Y'a un générateur dans cet engin ? » - Je crois... » Il l'a vu tantôt, il espère qu'il a absorbé assez d'énergie solaire pour faire démarrer la voiture, il arrache en panique le panneau sous le volant et commence son boulot, il fait attention à ce que le siège de Mace soit en position allongé pour ne pas que le prédateur ne l'atteigne de sa patte. Il sait ces choses, mais ce ne sont que des théories, il n'a jamais été dans la pratique. La physique l'a passionné, mais bien plus que cela c'est la chimie qu'il a embrassé. Il sait comment fonctionnent les générateurs et les moteurs, mais jamais il n'a mis les mains dedans. L'envie de sauver Mace est plus importante que le reste obligeant son cerveau à ne pas penser aux théories mais verser immédiatement dans la pratique ! - Putain ! » Il a jamais été grossier, mais travailler avec un tel stresse n'est pas évident, il dénude les fils avec les dents, travaille avec les doigts qui se blessent contre le matériel électronique et tout à coup l'étincelle se fait, le moteur se met en marche et il appuie sur l'accélérateur violemment. Il n'a peut-être jamais appris à manier une voiture, mais il a observé le militaire le faire. - Mace ? Mace reste avec moi ! » Sa main droite se pose sur l'abdomen de l'ingénieur essayant d'amoindrir le saignement, il n'a pas le matériel nécessaire pour intervenir et ne saurait par où commencer. Le militaire respire toujours, mais il le sent devenir de plus en plus froid et de plus en plus léthargique. Capa peste, il a du mal à voir à travers ses larmes, il espère franchir ces derniers kilomètres sans encombre, il s'est dirigé sur la route principale oubliant les recommandation de Mace et s'élance à plein régime autant de temps que le générateur les portera. - Me laisse pas, Mace ! Bobby, je t'en prie ! » Il espère le faire réagir l'homme en lui donnant un sobriquet, mais le mécano ne bronche pas, son corps presque inerte est ballotté par l'état pitoyable de l'asphalte. Capa ne prête plus vraiment attention à la route en ligne droite qui les mènes vers le fort car il est certain que l'homme à ses côtés est mort, Mace ne réagit plus au son de sa voix ou aux ballottement de la route. Il ne voit plus sa poitrine se soulever et la main qui comprimait sa plaie est maintenant inanimée, tombée contre son torse... Il ne voit pas très bien l'air sur le visage à cause de l'obscurité et de ses larmes, mais il imagine Mace enfin serein. Il est étrange pour Capa de se souvenir d'une de ses questions d'enfant lorsque haut comme trois pommes il avait demandé avec sérieux ce qu'était la mort. Après un bref examen de son fils, le père s'était mis à la hauteur de son enfant pour l'observer droit dans les yeux. Il avait simplement dit que mourir c'était comme dormir, mais qu'il n'y avait aucun rêve, plus de douleur et que jamais on ne se réveillait de ce repos mérité. Le père de Capa n'avait jamais essayé de raconter des histoires à son fils car il avait vu que celles-ci étaient de suite éconduites. Mace avait-il mérité son repos ? Avait-il le droit de ne plus jamais se réveiller et laisser le physicien seul de la sorte ? Capa a envie de lâcher l'accélérateur et les laisser s'attarder sur la route jusqu'à la fin, mais une partie de lui veut arriver jusqu'au fort car c'était là la mission et le souhait de Mace. Sa main glisse sur le visage obscurcit par la nuit. - On est bientôt arrivé. » Quelque chose d'imposant se dresse devant la lumière de la lune les plongeant dans les ténèbres complètes, il allume la LED surpuissante avant afin d'y voir quelque chose. Cette vision est désolante, quelque part il est heureux que Mace ne voit pas ça, il y a des squelettes partout jonchant le sol et allongés derrière des barricades, des restes de voitures de l'armée et des fournitures sont abandonnées ça et là, il y a un vieux campement déserté dont il ne reste que des vestiges et mis à part le silence ainsi que le soufflement du vent, il ne perçoit pas âme qui vive. - On est arrivé, Mace, on l'a fait... » C'est bien malgré lui qu'il sort du véhicule et en fait le tour, le Fort Benning n'est plus qu'un cimetière oublié, un vestige d'un passé complètement effacé, l'humanité n'est plus et si le soleil les a renvoyé sur cette terre désolée pour y mourir Capa ne comprend pas la subtilité de la chose. Abasourdi il se laisse gagner par la tristesse puis se tourne vers la voiture. Il ouvre la porte tire le corps de Mace entre ses bras puis il s'écroule sur le sol goudronné qui n'a pas survécu à la tentative fortunée de la nature à reprendre ses droits. Le corps est froid, le visage de Mace tombe sur son poitrail lorsqu'il le hisse sur ses genoux. La route prend fini ici et maintenant car Capa ne souhaite pas aller plus loin, pas sans Mace. Il restera là, au milieu de ce désert de morts et de temps révolus parce qu'il n'a pas la force de survivre sans la présence de quelqu'un. Est-ce qu'ils vogueront dans l'espace ou seront-il prisonnier de la terre ? Il devrait se sentir oppressé par cette seconde pensée, mais il n'y peut rien faire car ils sont enfin... à la maison.[Chapter 7] Daeamon, merci pour cette nouvelle review. On doit fréquenter les mêmes crèmeries, j'ai en effet vu ce fanart et je dois avouer qu'il m'est revenu en tête quand je me suis posé la question à savoir quel prénom donner à Mace. Le fait que ce Mace te plaise me soulage, il est facile de fait du OOC avec ce gars car on sait quasiment rien de lui à part que c'est un sanguin xD Pour le canarnivore, je peux pas m'empêcher de balancer quelques conneries comme ça au milieu des histoires sérieuses que j'écris juste pour une tranche de rire gratuite ^^. En espérant que ça continue de te plaire ! Another Earth 7 Il fait beau et chaud, il se sent paisible comme jamais il ne l'a été, il ne se souvient de rien avant de prendre conscience dans cette atmosphère nourricière. La lumière qui l'éblouit en premier lieu se fait diffuse et savoureuse, comme ces aubes fraîches de printemps qu'il avait presque oublié avec les successions d'années de froid et de neige. Il se sent bien, un sentiment de sécurité plane autour de lui, alors qu'il n'en est pas coutumier, malgré cela, il se refuse de bouger et apprécie la sensation de flottement dont il est victime. Une voix enchanteresse chantonne une mélodie dont il ne sait rien, c'est un peu comme le chant d'une baleine ou d'un dauphin et c'est d'ailleurs amusant car son esprit imagine déjà une sirène aux cheveux blonds comme l'or se tenir à ses côtés et chanter rien que pour lui. Pourtant, il a beau regarder de droite et de gauche, il ne voit rien à part cette lumière surprenante. La lumière est hypnotique et lorsqu'il plonge son regard bleu dedans, il se perd en contemplation adoratrice voyant dans les rayons scintillants la trace d'une quelconque déité surpuissante, car ce n'est pas une sirène qui chante pour lui, mais bel et bien cette sphère luminescente… Il ne peut qu'être sans voix devant ce spectacle, car il croit discerner un œil le toiser au milieu de ce halo de chaleur, mais celui-ci n'a rien d'humain, la pupille noire ouverte sur l'espace infini est comme celle d'un chat et l'iris n'est que matière mouvante en fusion qui rougeoie lorsqu'il le transperce de son regard attentif. Normalement, il devrait ressentir de l'inconfort, peut-être même un peu de peur, mais il reste serein attendant quelque chose de cette présence inhumaine mais qui semble ne pas vouloir lui faire du mal. « Mai…on… » La voix est un ressac, il a bien connu le phénomène car la mer est la seul chose qui a su le détendre, jadis. Les vagues se fracassant sur les rochers, faisant crier les filles et fuir les enfants. L'eau a toujours été un sujet de passion et en reconsidérant sa vie, il se demande pourquoi il n'a pas été dans les marins plutôt que dans l'armée de terre. Vivre sur l'eau c'était un peu comme vivre dans l'espace, le silence absolu, se retrouver seul avec soi-même, avec ses démons comme avec ses plus beaux souvenirs. Vivre sur l'eau aurait été un paradis, mais le monde qu'il avait connu n'avait pas été fait pour rester contemplatif devant la mer en chantonnant des airs de marins. « Tu doi… re…ourner… mai…on… » Le ressac est entêtant comme une litanie merveilleuse qui remplit son être d'un flot d'émotions aussi vives les unes que les autres. C'est comme se sentir bouillonnant de vie pendant quelques secondes et puis sentir ce flot merveilleux s'estomper dans le silence. Ce manque devenait angoissant durant une fraction de seconde, le temps que le ressac fasse son œuvre et qu'il ramène à lui ces merveilles inouïes. Son cœur s'emballe alors et ça devient une drogue exaltante qui attaque son être tout entier. « Il… tend… apa… esoin… toi… » Comment arrive-t-il à entendre cette formidable mélodie alors que l'œil le défie et lui parle, n'est-ce pas cette présence divine qui chante pour lui ? Cette question rompt le charme car tout à coup l'œil de lumière s'éloigne de lui, le jetant dans les ténèbres où il dégringole. C'est bien en peine qu'il comprend ce qui lui arrive lorsque son corps entier tressaute et qu'il ouvre les yeux. Il fait tout juste chaud, quelque chose lui pique légèrement les yeux et c'est après avoir bougé la tête qu'il se rend compte qu'il se trouve enfermé dans une sorte de caisson rempli d'un liquide bleuté. Sa première réaction est bien entendu de s'empêcher de respirer car il ne porte aucun masque, ni tuyau ; ce qui est étrange, c'est que ses poumons ne sont pas en feux et n'essayent pas de se purger de ce curieux liquide. Sa main dans un geste réflexe de simple survie s'appose sur la matière incolore du caisson comme pour la repousser et peut-être l'ouvrir, mais rien n'y fait. Cependant à quelques pas de lui, il distingue une forme humaine réagir à son réveil et s'approcher du caisson dont il est prisonnier. Une main se pose de l'autre côté de la vitre, à l'endroit même où la sienne se tient, le liquide est assez trouble pour qu'il ait du mal à voir le visage de la personne jusqu'à ce qu'elle soit en face du tube. C'est une femme, elle lui sourit et après avoir appuyé sur un bouton le liquide trouble devient cristallin comme de l'eau claire, il peut enfin discerner son visage avec précision. Elle semble lui indiquer qu'il devra rester dans ce tube cinq minutes de plus… Qui est-elle ? La question est entêtante, elle lui sourit doucereusement comme s'ils se connaissaient depuis longtemps, ses cheveux blonds tombent en cascade le long de ses frêles épaules, ses yeux bleus ont la couleur du ciel avec une touche de vert feuille, sa peau blanche comme l'écume lui semble fraiche comme un matin emmitouflé de rosée et ses lèvres charnues ont l'aspect d'un bouton de rose à peine éclos. Jamais ô grand jamais il n'a vu plus belle femme que celle-là. Est-il possible que ce soit elle qui avait chanté pour lui, afin qu'il retrouve le chemin le ramenant parmi les vivants ? Il est donc fort à parier que ce qu'il avait vu était un songe, mais il détenait quelque chose de troublant car à présent les mots de l'œil de feu l'obsèdent. Retourner à la maison… où quelqu'un l'attendait. Qui ça ? Observant la femme qui maintenant examine un écran tactile transparent, il a un aperçu de ses fonctions vitales et elles semblent parfaites. Ce qui l'interpelle, est le nom du protocole qui prend en charge son suivi médical : Endymion. A l'époque où ils avaient quitté la terre, un biologiste dont il a oublié le nom avait défrayé la chronique en affirmant pouvoir endormir les gens le temps qu'ils trouvent un moyen de sauver ou créer un nouveau soleil. Il avait même poussé le bouchon en disant qu'il pouvait réveiller les morts à la seule condition que le cerveau ait cessé de fonctionner moins de vingt-quatre heures. Après trois années de recherches son travail fut discrédité puis jeté aux orties, mais il semble que son œuvre a survécu jusqu'à aujourd'hui... - Vous allez incliner la tête pour dire oui ou non, d'accord ? » Il fait un rapide mouvement de la tête acquiesçant à la requête de la femme car il veut sortir au plus vite de ce qui ressemble un peu trop à son gout aux capsules funéraires. Vu l'habillement de son interlocutrice, il en déduit qu'elle est médecin ou quelque chose de ce genre et par conséquent qu'elle sait ce qu'elle fait. - Vous souvenez-vous de quelque chose avant l'instant présent. » En fait, c'est confus, abstrait, il se souvient de son rêve, d'un truc qui l'emmerdait mais qu'il ne pouvait qu'aimer, d'un cri, de son nom hurlé par quelqu'un… Il se remémore la chaleur d'un corps, de grands yeux bleus qui le toisent avec intérêt, parfois tristement, d'une chevelure noire et abondante dans laquelle sa main glisse… Il se souvient de son enfance, du soleil malade, de la mission d'Icarus, de sa mort… Non, il était revenu sur terre… Comment ? Icarus 2 avait été saboté, alors comment était-il revenu ? - Il est normal que ça soit un peu confus, vos souvenirs reviendront bientôt. Je m'appelle Sam, vous êtes en sécurité dans les sous-sols de la base de Fort Benning, Lieutenant Mace. » Mace… oui, c'était son nom, Robert Mace. Fronçant les sourcils il observe la femme prendre des notes. Peut-être vient-il de revenir sur terre, peut-être que ça fait partie du protocole de réhabilitation des astronautes. Possible ? Plus il essaye de se souvenirs, plus ses pensées se font floues, mais la voix qui l'appelle continue d'officier son œuvre au point qu'il grogne en se tenant le crâne. - Vous avez mal ? Votre cortex cérébral indique que votre mémoire essaye de se réinitialiser. Ne luttez pas ça n'en sera que plus douloureux. » Réinitialiser ? Ça ne fait pas un peu robotique ? Mace fronce les sourcils, en bougeant son torse dans le liquide manifestement médicale, il se rend compte qu'un tuyau plonge à la base de sa nuque et correspond visiblement avec sa moelle épinière. Il peut facilement imaginer le tableau et ça l'horrifie car il ignore ce qu'on lui fait. Alerté le militaire frappe du poing sur la paroi transparente jusqu'à ce que le pseudo toubib dont il ne sait rien s'inquiète du branchement et ne vienne le sortir de là. Lorsque le tube s'ouvre, il a du mal à respirer, le temps d'expulser le liquide de ses poumons est un mauvais quart d'heure à passer, écroulé sur le sol du labo, Mace repousse la femme qui essaye de l'aider à se relever. - Retirez-moi ça immédiatement ! » - Vous mourrez si je le fais… Je ne sais pas si vous vous rendez compte d'où vous revenez… C'est n'est pas un miracle c'est de la micro biotechnologie… Sans ce tube, votre cerveau s'arrêtera aussi tôt… » - Qu'est-ce que vous me faites ? » - Je redonne vie à votre cerveau. » Redonner vie ? Il se souvient maintenant de sa mort, du froid qui l'a engourdi dans le liquide de refroidissement de son appel sans réponse à l'intention du physicien coincé dans le sas. Il se souvient avoir flotté auprès du soleil et s'y être fait brûlé. Il se souvient maintenant, la mission Icarus 2 n'est jamais revenue sur terre… - Je suis un clone ? » La femme rigole et ça lui tape sur les nerfs, elle fait le tour de son corps nu, inspectant il ne sait quoi mais attend patiemment qu'elle s'explique. - Non. Ne savez-vous pas que la loi de 2324 a mis hors la loi cette pratique ? Ho j'oubliais vous avez été déclaré mort en 2274… » - Hein ? » - Votre première mort, lieutenant Mace a eu lieu en septembre 2274 lors de la disparition des écrans radars d'Icarus 2. Mais la question qui me hante est comment êtes-vous arrivé ici, en 2527 ? » - Je… ne sais pas. » Elle implique donc qu'il est mort une seconde fois ? Peut-être avait-ce un rapport avec la chevelure brune qui hante ses pensées. Un bip suraigu le fait sursauter et une sensation désagréable au possible lui indique que le tube s'est enlevé tout seul. Sa première réaction est de toucher la plaie ou ce qu'il croyait être une plaie, car ce qu'il découvre est une plaque de métal. - La plaque micro biotechnologique a été implantée à tous les êtres humains en 2402 afin de les protéger de l'influence du soleil, mais c'était déjà trop tard… » - A quoi elle sert ? » - Attendons que votre ami se rétablisse, lui aussi. » - Mon… ami ? » - Le jeune et brillant physicien Robert Capa. Il est dans l'autre pièce. » Capa ? Le Capa de la mission Icarus 2 ? Sans prendre le soin de se couvrir, car il est d'avis que la donzelle l'a vu nu assez longtemps et qu'il n'est pas le premier homme qu'elle voit dans cette tenue, pour se préoccuper des bonnes mœurs ; il se dirige vers la porte qui ressemble étrangement au sas d'Icarus. Devant sa présence le blindage s'écarte lui permettant de pénétrer une autre salle d'incubation. Au milieu du liquide bleu une chevelure sombre volète et pendant un moment il a l'impression d'avoir vu ce spectacle ailleurs. Ainsi, la personne à qui il pense sans arriver à savoir qui elle est, serait ce petit merdeux de physicien ! Génial ! - Ce n'est pas mon ami ! » - Vous en êtes sûr ? Je l'ai trouvé hier devant la porte du fort, les yeux vides de toute émotion, la seule chose qu'il a su me dire fut votre nom. Il tenait votre corps si fermement que j'ai dû l'assommer pour vous transporter tous les deux à l'intérieur. » Quoi ? Mais ça n'a aucun sens ! Capa et lui ne s'étaient jamais réellement appréciés. Soit ils avaient eu les mêmes préoccupations et au travail ils avaient été sur la même longueur d'ondes, mais en dehors… il lui avait assez fichu son poing en travers du visage pour simplement se défouler… - Qu'est-ce qu'il a ? » - Je l'ignore… C'est comme si il avait perdu toute envie de vivre… J'ignore s'il est conscient ou s'il est dans une sorte de coma dont je ne sais rien. » - Je crois qu'il m'a avoué être presque autiste… je sais plus quand il m'a dit ça. » - Ceci expliquerait cela, votre mort a dû être un choc trop violent pour sa conscience, elle a dû se fracturer pour le protéger. » - Croyez-moi, ma mort aurait justement dû le réjouir ! » La femme le regarde comme si elle sait quelque chose dont il ignore tout, il y a tellement dans ce regard bleu vert qu'il ne sait quoi en conclure. Elle sourit simplement, un peu rêveuse puis elle le tire en dehors de la pièce. - Vous devez avoir faim, pour lors nous ne pouvons rien faire pour lui, l'ordinateur essaye de reconstruire les zones cérébrales endommagées, ça peut prendre encore quelques jours. » - Je suis mort de quoi ? » - Je dirais que vous avez été attaqué par l'évolution de ce que vous appeliez en votre temps puma. » - Un puma ? Pourquoi je n'ai pas de cicatrice ? » - Le liquide bleu est un placenta de synthèse enrichi en particules d'oxygènes, il régénère les tissus et permet au patient de respirer comme à l'air libre… C'est mon invention. » - Vous êtes toubib ? » - A peu de chose près… » Manger, dormir, essayer de se souvenir dans cette base souterraine où il ne voit pas le temps passer est un supplice. Il évite la femme car elle ne répond pas à ses questions et après s'être fracturé trois phalanges en frappant un mur du laboratoire excédé par le silence dérangeant, il s'est isolé dans la chambre de Capa. Il se souvient, l'eau est la seule chose qui ait pu le calmer et voir la chevelure du brun flotter lui rappelle le roulis des vagues… Il ne comprend pas pourquoi Capa a sombré dans cet état à cause de sa mort, il ne sait pas répondre à l'interrogation qui le hante, que faisait-il avec le physicien ? Pourquoi des images de cet homme viennent se perdre dans son crâne, des sourires, des regards perçants, des gestes qu'il qualifierait de tendres… Jamais il n'a vu Capa de cette manière sur Icarus 2, alors cela voulait-il dire que ces images qui arrivaient sans crier gare venaient de sa seconde vie ? Qui est Capa maintenant pour lui ? Il l'ignore... La base marche à peu près comme Icarus, il y a un grand jardin à oxygène qui est éclairé par une sorte d'organisme bioluminescent, il se plait à regarder les parois de l'endroit changer de couleur lorsqu'il pénètre le sanctuaire et que l'organisme réagit à sa présence. Le bleu passe par des nuances irisées roses, violettes, jaunes et vertes... Ça ressemble aux éclats de lumières que les télescopes appliquent sur les clichés des nébuleuses. Il garde le nez levé sur ce ciel étranger qui ne cesse de muer de couleurs en couleurs sous son regard contemplatif. Ce jardin intérieur abrite quelques animaux à cause de sa grande superficie, il y a des oiseaux aux couleurs vives qui chassent les insectes pollinisateurs afin de garder une biodiversité digne de ce nom. Une abeille passe devant son regard hébété. Il n'en a jamais vu que dans les bases de données car elles ont totalement disparu de la planète un peu avant sa naissance et c'est avec plaisir qu'il découvre son bourdonnement et sa tâche. Il suit ses déplacements comme un enfant, l'observant butiner les fleurs et polliniser d'une façon bien plus naturelle que les robots qu'ils ont employé dans son temps. Ses doigts glissent le long des branchages et des pétales tandis qu'il avance dans ce jardin d'Éden... Il y a des arbres fruitiers qu'il n'a vu qu'en photo car le climat austère de son ancien monde les avait tous décimés, il sent des odeurs qu'il n'a jamais connues de son existence. Son bras se lève dans les airs, il attrape un drôle de fruit dont il ne sait rien qu'il cueille avec curiosité, ce n'est pas une poire, encore moins une pomme, c'est ovale, un peu plat sur la partie inférieure, il ignore si la peau d'un dégradé de verts et de oranges se mange, mais lorsque son nez glisse contre celle-ci, douce et lisse l'odeur qu'il s'en dégage le fait saliver. Le fruit possède une chair jaune et sucrée succulente à souhait, il n'a jamais eu de telles saveurs en bouche, lorsque les hivers sont devenus permanents, les aliments capables de survivre au grand froid et au maque de soleil sont devenus répétitifs et peu gouteux. Une étiquette sur l'arbre attire son regard, il peut y lire le nom du fruit qu'il tient entre sa main et ceci est une mangue. Un sourire discret glisse sur ses lèvres nappées de jus car quoi qu'il se soit passé, Icarus n'avait pas totalement raté sa mission, n'est-ce pas ? Il veut sortir et voir le monde de dehors, mais pour lors la femme insiste à ce qu'il attende le réveil de Capa avant de faire quoi que ce soit. C'est pour cette seule et unique raison qu'il erre dans les corridors sans but, observant le recycleur d'eau pendant des heures, marchant au milieu de ce jardin en examinant chaque fleur et fruits qu'il n'a jamais vu de sa vie, lisant le journal de bord de Sam lorsqu'elle est occupée ailleurs ou l'aidant à réparer un quelconque dispositif en panne. A part la longueur des journées qu'il ne voit pas s'écouler, il se sent bien dans la base, il est simplement étonné de voir que Sam est la seule présence humaine de l'édifice. - Pas faim ? » - Pas vraiment. Je vais... » La femme incline la tête, délaissant le sujet de la nourriture, bien qu'habitué à ces repas lyophilisés, Mace ne ressent pas réellement l'envie de manger en la regardant. Le gout du fruit est encore imprégné dans ses papilles gustatives et après un tel flot de sensations et de gouts, consommer ce genre de met ne sera qu'un gâchis ; de plus, depuis son réveil, il a du mal à manger comme si quelque chose le stressait. Lorsqu'il ne erre pas sans réelle motivation, il est assis auprès de Capa qu'il observe avec attention, c'est d'ailleurs là où il se rend à présent. Assis dans un fauteuil, il lit, parfois il raconte ce qu'il a vu, il décrit avec attention le jardin en pensant que Corazon aurait été honorée de s'en occuper. - J'ai mangé un truc... ça s'appelle... mangue, ouai ça porte un nom bizarre, mais c'était super bon, je pense que tu aimeras. » Lorsqu'il redonne son attention à l'homme dans le caisson parfois il voit des perles transparentes flotter au milieu du liquide bleu, ça ressemble à ces gadgets soi-disant déstressant dans lequel un liquide plus lourd et coloré flotte dans un récipient rempli d'un liquide incolore, il suffit alors de retourner l'objet pour voir le liquide sirupeux s'étioler en fines goutes qui cheminent lentement vers le bas à travers un parcours simpliste. Ces perles transparentes sont magnifiques et parfois il suit l'une d'entre elles du bout du doigt sachant très bien ce que c'est. Capa pleure dans son sommeil profond, il voit le visage lisse se transformer devant ses yeux impuissants et son sommeil s'agiter. Parfois il semble parler mais il articule difficilement. Ses lèvres cette fois font de grands mouvements et en prêtant attention il peut voir son nom se former sur les lèvres du brun. Il est surpris lorsque le corps du physicien se jette contre la paroi et que deux yeux bleus et hagards le toisent. - Sam ?! Sam, c'est Capa il est réveillé ! » Il panique un peu en s'apercevant que l'homme cogne contre la vitre comme un forcené tout en l'observant avec appréhension. Lorsque la paroi lâche, le corps du génie tombe entre ses bras éclaboussant de liquide bleu tout sur son passage. Il ressert ses bras autour du corps qui tousse puis il se penche essayant d'attraper un linge afin de sécher l'homme et l'aider à se relever, mais il s'écroule à terre comme une poupée désarticulée. - Mace... Mace... » L'homme crie son nom comme un acharné, c'est bien avec peine que Sam arrive à l'arracher de ses bras car l'homme se cramponne à lui comme un nouveau-né désespéré. Lorsqu'elle lui somme de sortir afin de permettre à Capa de se calmer il se redresse et se recule, gardant les yeux braqués dans ceux du physicien qui semble agonir de douleur. Une chair de poule prend d'assaut son corps aussi il décide de se retourner et courir hors de la chambre car cette détresse lui fait peine à voir et qu'il ne sait toujours pas pourquoi Robert Capa semble tenir autant à lui. - Il est calmé, j'ai dû le mettre dans un sommeil artificiel pour qu'il ne se fasse pas du mal, il était en train de revivre ta mort en boucle, j'ai été obligé de lui effacer ces souvenirs-là. » - Quand est-ce qu'il sera de nouveau conscient ? » - Demain ou après-demain le temps que sa mémoire rétrospective soit complètement purgée de cet évènement. Mace, n'essayez pas de le lui remémorer d'accord ? » - Promis. » Ça ne l'arrange pas vraiment, mais si c'est pour le bien du physicien, il n'y fera aucunement allusion, il y a d'autres moyens pour comprendre ce qui s'était passé et d'où provenaient les images qu'il voyait en rêve ou bien tout éveillé. Lorsqu'il sort de sa chambre, son être entier reste médusé par la mélodie qu'il entend provenir depuis le couloir sud, en s'approchant furtivement, il voit Sam dans une tenue décontractée assise sur une saute de table d'auscultation, la machine qui surveille son état de santé est accrochée à l'arrière de sa nuque lui remémorant la désagréable sensation qu'il a senti lorsque le tube s'est détacher de ses connections neuronales. Sam chantonne, son mollet blanc court dans le vide dans un mouvement de balancier qui happe son regard. Voilà longtemps qu'il n'a pas désiré une femme comme il le fait à présent. La jolie blonde lâche son écran particulier puis redresse la tête le surprenant dans son examen bien trop poussé pour ne pas être compris et su. Depuis combien de temps est-elle seule dans cette base sans présence masculine ? La langue du mécanicien glisse sur ses lèvres bien malgré lui et avant qu'il ne prenne la poudre d'escampette, la femme détache sa chevelure blonde qui vient tomber en une pluie d'or sur ses épaules dénudées. La bonne résolution de l'ingénieur se fait la malle aussi il se décroche de son mur puis s'avance ordonnant à la porte de se refermer derrière lui. Combien ? Une petite semaine qu'il pourrissait dans cette galerie souterraine auprès d'une femme bien trop belle pour qu'il n'y pense pas jour et nuit. Mace veut que son crâne se taise, un moment d'Éden dans son enfer personnel... - Tu veux quelque chose ? » Sam referme l'écran miniature puis se redresse le regard soudainement rétrécit, la femme échappe comme une eau vive insaisissable à sa main qui se referme, sa chevelure flotte devant son regard bleu captivé, elle sent l'odeur du blé chaud... Sam ne l'a jamais tutoyé avant aujourd'hui mais il ne s'en formalise pas au contraire, il sourit en la dévisageant. - Ça fait combien de temps que tu es toute seule ici ? » La femme s'immobilise, les filaments dorés ne voguent plus derrière elle comme un traine enchanteresse, à la place ils retombent sans vie le long de son dos. Le bleu de son regard se fait voilé et là il sait qu'il aurait mieux fait de se taire. - Trop longtemps... » - Il s'appelait comment ? » Sam incline la tête jetant un regard en arrière en sa direction, elle se tient droite fière comme toujours malgré la douleur qui berce son âme. Ses yeux se noient lentement et tout à coup une perle saline glisse le long de sa joue. - Lucas. » Mace ne sait pas quoi dire derrière ça, sa main glisse dans la chevelure d'or jusqu'au crâne de la femme qu'il attire entre ses bras. Sa joue glisse contre celle de Sam tandis que sa main droite caresse son front. Il sait ce que c'est, car lui aussi a aimé un jour. Elle s'appelait Lindsay, mais ça, il le gardera à jamais pour lui. C'est à la mort de son amie, de la fille avec qui il avait planifié faire sa vie qu'il s'était engagé dans l'armée, pour servir sa patrie, pour éviter qu'une nouvelle émeute ne fauche la vie d'une innocente... Il sait ce que c'est que de souffrir de l'absence de quelqu'un. Et tandis qu'il se rapproche, Mace se perd dans cette mer agitée qui l'observe religieusement. Ce n'est que lorsque ses lèvres ont trouvé celles de Sam qu'il la serre entre ses bras pour l'empêcher de fuir. - Ce Lucas a eu beaucoup de chance... » - Moi aussi... » Son sourire est doux, comme sa voix, Mace tend la main vers Sam qui l'attrape après une seconde d'hésitation, ça fait longtemps qu'elle n'a pas touché d'homme et la retrouvaille de cette proximité oubliée la remplit de liesse. - Merci. » - De rien. C'était quoi cette chanson ? » - Lucas la chantonnait quand tout allait de travers, pourquoi ? » - Une sirène l'a chanté pour moi lorsque j'étais perdu. » C'est idiot, mais ça la fait sourire, Mace n'a jamais été un pro avec les mots, la drague n'avait jamais été son fort, il préfère montrer son affection de ses gestes plutôt que par les mots, en attirant à nouveau Sam entre ses bras, il a un flash de lui avec quelqu'un d'autre entre les bras, quelqu'un qui lui manque... La sensation est si poignante qu'il a envie de pleurer car il pense que cette personne n'est autre que Lindsay. Perdant son visage dans la chevelure de miel Mace se souvient du sourire timide de son ex, il avait rencontré Lindsay au lycée et ne l'avait jamais quitté, elle fut sa cavalière lors du bal de fin d'année, elle fut son premier baiser, son premier grand amour et tandis qu'il sanglote au creux de ses bras, il raconte à Sam les quatre années qu'il a passé avec elle. C'est quelque chose qu'il peut lui dire car elle sait ce que c'est. De l'autre côté du couloir sud, deux pieds s'encrent sur le sol, l'eau qui ruisselle de son corps mouille le dallage de fer en dessous de la plante de ses pieds. Le sol est froid, d'ailleurs ses membres engourdis réagissent en bougeant nerveusement. Ses bras se referment contre son torse, il sait, il l'a toujours su mais voir ce spectacle est un brise-cœur. Le talon de sa jambe d'appui fait demi-tour sur lui-même pour échapper à cette vision, les jambes dévalent le couloir avec empressement sans vraiment savoir où aller, le sol glissant à cause de l'eau est un véritable piège, mais il s'empresse vers ce qu'il croit être la sortie. La lumière discrète lui fait lever les yeux sur un drôle de ciel multicolore, un oiseau rouge et jaune s'envole comme phénix éclatant, le sol ferreux a fait place à un tapis de mousse et d'humus chaud et réconfortant. Il marche au milieu des arbres et plantes, émerveillé par le lieu, s'affairant à oublier ce qu'il a vu. C'est comme un paradis tropical sortant d'un livre de songes. Il s'arrête à l'intersection d'un chemin puis s'écroule dans la terre car ses jambes ne l'ont que trop porté. Il se sent fatigué et perdu... Il se souvient... il se souvient du sourire d'Harvey, de ses mots qu'il lui a susurré à l'oreille, il se souvient d'Icarus, de la mort de ses équipiers et de sa mort certaine, il se souvient avoir vu Mace congelé dans le liquide de refroidissement. Robert Capa est mort puis revenu à la vie, faveur offerte par le soleil lui-même. Il avait quitté le froid de l'espace pour la chaleur de la terre, celles de bras de Mace qu'il avait choisi parmi tous. Il se souvient de leur voyage en solitaires, des sourires de l'ingénieur, des bras puissants du militaire qui l'avait épaulé, aidé, aimé et maintenant ils s'étaient ouverts pour quelqu'un d'autre, quelqu'un à qui il parlait de son passé sans retenue... Dans ce paradis tropical, il a froid, un froid dévorant qui lui taillade les entrailles car Mace a trouvé ce qu'il cherchait : une femme et il ne peut rien faire contre ça. - Il ne doit pas être bien loin ! » Il entend des pas, des voix, il entend Mace courir entre les plantes en l'appelant, mais il ne daigne pas répondre. Il ignore depuis combien de temps il est allongé dans cette allée, mais il ne veut pas se relever, il ne veut pas lutter contre cette apathie qui le ronge. - Capa ! » Une main se saisit de son bras, la force du militaire le soulève de terre comme un poids mort, le mouvement fait bouger son visage et pendant un laps de temps assez court il voit ce visage qui hante son esprit. Il se souvient... il se souvient des chats, des cris, du sang et de la mort de Mace. Il se souvient l'avoir serré entre ses bras et avoir demandé la mort. Est-ce son enfer ? Voir l'homme qu'il a réussi finalement à aimer, en aimer une autre ? Lorsque la main le lâche, il ne fait rien pour ne pas retomber comme un jouet brisé sur le sol car il n'a ni la volonté, ni l'envie de rester assis. Mace est agenouillé vers lui, il sent sa main dans sa chevelure, il entend sa voix, mais tout est si lointain, ce qu'il entend distinctement est le cri que l'homme a poussé lorsque le félin l'a blessé à mort. - Tu... tu es mort ! » Mace se recule, il observe Sam avec interrogation car elle a dit avoir ôté ce souvenir de la boite crânienne du physicien, vraisemblablement, elle a raté son coup car elle est aussi étonnée que lui. - Visiblement non ! Aller Roby debout. » La voix de Mace est légère, elle plaisante comme si il parlait à un enfant. Il emploie le surnom que lui a offert sa sœur comme si de rien n'était, comme si jamais ils ne s'étaient jamais rapprochés, comme si... tout ceci n'avait existé que dans sa tête. Comme si jamais il ne l'avait embrassé ! Il laisse Mace le prendre dans ses bras et le porter hors de l'insolite jardin qu'il observe sans relâche de sa tête pendante. Le ciel est nébuleux comme son cœur, en fermant les yeux, il sent les larmes perler sur son visage. Jamais il n'aurait dû revenir de ce voyage sans retour. Il était parti sans crainte de mourir car c'était pour sauver sa planète, sa terre, sa famille, sauver une vie qui ne serait jamais sienne. Robert avait toujours su qu'il n'avait pas sa place parmi les gens, il n'avait trouvé qu'un endroit pour être enfin complet et ça avait été dans les bras de l'astre brulant. Dans la mort... il avait compris le sens de la vie.[Chapter 8] Daeamon, merci pour cette nouvelle review, ça fait plaisir de voir que tu suis toujours l'histoire. Pour Mace ça rassure, en même temps vu que les personnages ne sont pas exploités à fond, ça laisse une grande marge d'action. Another Earth 8 Mace avait encore passé sa journée dans les jardins, il se plaisait à regarder le faux ciel s'illuminer à chaque mouvement qu'il faisait et ça semblait le détendre. Sam lui avait demandé d'attendre le rétablissement de Capa avant de pouvoir le voir et lui parler, aussi il était resté dans son coin avec ses interrogations et ses fragments de mémoire attendant patiemment qu'il ait le feu vert de la part de Sam afin de combler les trous qui subsistaient. Lorsqu'il eut faim, il se dirigea vers les quartiers communs mais s'arrêta net en voyant Sam dans le couloir menant vers la salle des machines. Il lui fait un signe de tête afin de la saluer et de l'interpeller, puis n'y tenant plus il pose la question qui lui brule les lèvres. - Il va bien ? » Sam relève la tête de son écran portable, elle soupire puis incline le visage vers le militaire car cette question ne veut strictement rien dire. - Si tu parles de sa forme physique, ça va très bien, à part son cerveau. » - C'est-à-dire ? » - C'est-à-dire que ma machine ne peut rien faire contre un cerveau de cette envergure… cependant il s'en sort pas trop mal. Heureusement que c'est toi qui est mort, car jamais je n'aurais pu ramener une intelligence aussi développée dans sa globalité. » Mace rigole, c'était un fait avéré, on n'appelait pas Capa le petit génie pour rien. La phrase de Sam aurait pu le peiner, mais en face du physicien il ne faisait pas du tout le poids, ça aussi c'était un fait avéré. Pas qu'il se trouvait idiot, loin de là, mais il savait qu'il avait toujours été un élève moyen, voir médiocre dans certaines matières. S'il n'y avait pas eu la mécanique pour le réconcilier avec l'apprentissage, il n'aurait rien fait de très glorieux de sa petite vie. Son diplôme, il l'avait eu à l'armée c'était à cette entité qu'il devait le fait d'avoir trouvé sa place et par extension à la femme qu'il avait aimé. - Je peux le voir ? » - Oui, il est sous calmant par contre, vas-y en douceur. » - Ok ! » L'homme avance à grandes enjambées, il a un cadeau pour Capa, aussi il est plutôt de bonne humeur car bientôt il sera à nouveau complet, se trainer des trous dans sa mémoire l'exaspère au plus haut point. En pénétrant la chambre du petit génie, il n'est pas surpris de ne pas le trouver dans son lit, mais debout à côté de l'aide médicale robotique. A coup sûr, il est entré dans l'intelligence de la machine afin de la disséquer scientifiquement… - Alors ? » - Il est formidable, je n'imaginais pas que le futur puisse avoir tant de choses à m'apprendre. » - Futur ? » - Tu te rappelles pas ? » - En fait, c'est pour ça que je viens te voir, je suis mort, comme tu le sais et le processus a quelques effets comment dire… indésirables, comme l'amnésie partielle. Je me souviens bien de tout ce qu'on a vécu sur Icarus, mais cette histoire de seconde vie… je ne pige pas trop. Qu'est-on l'un pour l'autre et comment on est passé de je te fous sur la gueule par ce que ta tête me revient pas… à ça… » Mace le pointe du doigt, il doit faire allusion à sa réaction excessive face à la mort du militaire… ainsi donc Mace ne se souvient plus. Quelque part son coéquipier est soulagé par le fait que l'homme ne le dénigre pas juste à cause de la présence féminine, mais par ce qu'il a oublié les moments qu'ils ont vécus ensemble. Robert a l'occasion de lui rappeler le temps qu'ils ont passé tous les deux, mais le doit-il ? Doit-il dire à cet homme qu'ils étaient proches au point de se toucher, de se désirer et de s'embrasser ? Idiotie, Mace ne le croirait pas, impossible ! Ils sont des inconnus et à ce stade il ne peut rien avouer de tout cela. Par ailleurs, il a peur qu'en le disant ça ne change pas grand-chose au présent car à voir le militaire joyeux comme aujourd'hui, le physicien se dit que son ami mérite mieux qu'un petit génie dont tout le monde se fichait éperdument. Détournant le visage, il retourne à la contemplation de la machine. - Lorsqu'on est tous morts, le soleil m'a permis de vivre la vie que je lui avais sacrifiée, il m'a demandé de choisir une personne de l'équipage pour la ramener avec moi à la maison. Théoriquement, j'étais le seul à devoir mourir car je devais lancer la bombe manuellement, vous auriez dû tous rentrer, toi, Corazon, Cassie, Trey, Kaneda et Searle, vous auriez dû rentrer et voir le soleil baigner la Terre comme dans les vieux films cinématographiques, mais ma décision, mon erreur a précipité tout le monde dans la mort. Deux dernières chances valaient mieux qu'une, c'était juste de la logique, mais jamais je n'avais imaginé qu'Icarus 1 ait pu échouer à cause d'un sabotage, je n'ai pas pensé une seconde que ce choix nous tuerait tous. J'avais honte… » - De tous, tu m'as choisi, pourquoi ? » - Parce que tu n'as pas pu dire au revoir aux tiens à cause de moi, parce que toi aussi tu étais prêt à donner ta vie pour que ça marche. Tu t'es jeté dans le liquide de refroidissement en sachant ce qui allait t'arriver. Tu savais que ça allait te tuer, mais le peu de jus que tu as redonné à Icarus m'a permis de lancer la bombe, de sauver la Terre. On n'a pas toujours été sur la même longueur d'onde, mais toi et moi, on avait ça en commun, la volonté de changer les choses au péril de nos vies. Tu es devenu le choix le plus judicieux. » Il avait essayé de comprendre le choix du petit génie et en était arrivé aux mêmes conclusions, ainsi donc, il l'avait choisi à cause de leurs ressemblances sans prendre en compte leurs différences et le fait que Mace ne lui ait pas fait de cadeau durant tout le voyage. Il y avait quelque chose d'angélique dans ce gamin… Dommage qu'il ne s'en était pas rendu compte pendant la mission, il aurait été plus sympa avec le benjamin de l'équipage. - Merci. » - Pas de quoi… Tu m'avais demandé pourquoi je n'avais pas choisi Cassie et sincèrement, je n'étais moi-même pas certain de la réponse, mais une chose est sûre, c'est que j'ai fait le choix le plus judicieux, car sans toi, je serais mort rapidement. » - Que veux-tu dire ? » - Tu te souviens pas dehors, les morts, la fin du monde que l'on a connu ? » Le visage de Mace devient blême, lorsque le militaire reprend des couleurs et qu'il reconnait ce regard fougueux et colérique, Capa se recule manquant de faire tomber une table de soin. Il ignore si il doit avoir peur de cet homme qui n'hésitait pas à lui en mettre une rien que pour se calmer, il ignore qui il a réellement en face de lui. Pendant une fraction de seconde le militaire s'étonne de son comportement, avant de sortir de sa chambre à grandes enjambées et hurler le nom de la femme. Cette Sam est le seul être humain qu'ils ont vu depuis le début de leur périple ; connaissant le caractère du militaire, il le suit, car cette femme devra répondre à leurs interrogations. - C'est vrai ça, ils sont morts là-haut ? C'est pour ça que tu ne veux pas que je sorte ? Il s'est passé quoi ! Répond ! » La scientifique est assise sur un fauteuil, elle lisait un livre qu'elle referme lentement pour offrir son attention au militaire qui braille comme un malade. Il avait oublié ça, la voix portante de Mace lorsqu'il se mettait à hurler sur lui ou sur Harvey. Le souvenir de cet homme lui donne la nausée, à bien y réfléchir, Capa n'avait offert sa confiance qu'à un type d'hommes bien particulier, malgré que Mace avait démontré un cœur généreux et aimant, il n'en restait pas moins un homme colérique et quelque peu imprévisible. - J'attendais le réveil de Capa pour n'avoir à raconter ça qu'une fois, maintenant prend une bonne bouffée d'oxygène et calme-toi, sinon je te jure que je te balance un dose de calmant pour cheval, compris ?! Je n'accepte pas du tout ce genre de comportement ici ! » La belle blonde jette son livre sur une table basse, les sourcils froncés en deux lignes menaçantes, elle fait signe aux deux hommes de prendre place en face d'elle, puis sa main vient jouer avec sa chevelure. - Icarus2 a réussi sa mission, le soleil a été relancé et tout le monde a cru que la Terre avait été sauvée, mais ça n'a été que le début de catastrophes dont même la science n'avait jamais rêvées… » - Les tachyons ? » - Les tachyons ? Oh Capa, c'était de belles histoires à dormir debout pour rassurer la population. On a joué avec des forces qui nous dépassaient grandement et on a payé le prix fort. Ta bombe devait relancer le soleil en créant un big bang, on n'a jamais pensé que celui-ci continuerait à officier pendant des années, des siècles même. Tu as distordu le temps et l'espace afin de le faire renaitre de ses cendres et c'est ça qu'il nous a renvoyé. L'été était magnifique, les gens heureux et puis il y a eu quelques cas isolés de cancers inconnus, des malformations que jamais le monde de la science n'avait répertorié, des oiseaux qui ont disparu du jour au lendemain par espèces entières, mais les relevés de la Nasa n'ont rien dévoilé de pertinent jusqu'à l'éruption solaire de 2203. Les autorités ont gardé cette trouvaille secrète car le soleil n'a pas envoyé des tachyons, mais un flot d'espace-temps en direction de la Terre. Les radiations ont touché une partie du Brésil et les gens ont tout bonnement disparu entre deux heures et deux heures quinze, heure locale. En fait, ils sont morts de vieillesse en quelques minutes d'exposition. » Capa se souvient très bien de cet instant suspendu dans le temps, ça avait dû être quelques microsecondes pour tout à chacun, mais pour lui ça avait été des secondes et des minutes de symbiose avec le soleil. Il se rappelle la sensation de l'astre brulant rencontrant ses chairs. La suspension du temps, l'arrêt total de sensations, de peurs et d'angoisses pour laisser place à l'émerveillement, à la croyance pure et dure en quelque chose de plus puissant qui existait. Lorsqu'il écoute Sam, les mots de Pinebacker reviennent à sa mémoire, impossible de faire autrement que de se rappeler les avertissements de ce fou, fou ou touché par la férocité d'un dieu capable de tout pour se défendre ? Quelque part, Capa ne sait plus comment définir ce qu'il est aujourd'hui, est-il toujours un scientifique, ou croit-il enfin ? - Lorsqu'on a su ce qui nous pendait au bout du nez, ils ont repris les recherches du projet Endymion, ils ont installé des plaques micro biotechnologiques dans tous les staffs médicaux et les gros bonnets de l'industrie, de la politique, les diplômés d'ingénieries afin de sauver l'espèce humaine. Jusqu'à ce que le prophète Pinebacker raconte à la population que le soleil était en train de les juger. Il y a eu tellement de morts, tellement de guerres pendant ces années sombres qu'à côté, les émeutes que vous avez connu n'ont été que bagatelles… Quand on a décidé d'offrir la puce à la population pour faire taire le courroux, il était déjà trop tard, ceux qui ne sont pas morts de vieillesse lors de la seconde vague d'éruptions solaires ont simplement évolué. Les gens sont devenus… différents. Les mutants ont décimé la population qui n'avait pas changé, les autres ont pris la direction de Mars où une base a été construite pour récupérer les hautes sphères des états et des pays. Nous autres, nous sommes restés coincés ici, les gens qui ont pu s'y réfugier se sont cachés sous terre, laissant la surface aux mutants. Il y a quatre-vingt ans, une autre vague plus puissante a terrassé la Terre, les mutants ont disparu de la surface de la planète atteignant certainement le dernier stade viable de l'humanité. La vague fut si puissante qu'elle traversa les terres et qu'elle décima tous les humains qui s'y étaient réfugiés, y compris Lucas. » - Mais ça voudrait dire que tu as plus de cent ans ? » - Presque trois cents. » - Comment c'est possible ? » - C'est un être synthétique. » Sam hausse un sourcil, mais son sourire est doux. Elle est étonnée que Capa ait compris ce qu'elle est mais elle ne doute pas un seul instant de sa capacité à interpréter les faits. Elle sait qu'il est entré dans le système informatique de la base et sait ce qu'il y a vu. - Les humains se sachant menacés ont créé des êtres cybernétiques. Je me suis portée volontaire pour stopper mon évolution. Les particules du soleil ne touchaient que l'ADN, la pierre, les constructions ne subissaient aucun dommage, alors on m'a changé. Je ne vieillis pas, je n'ai pas faim, pas soif, je ne mourrais pas… mais aujourd'hui je suis le dernier reliquat de ce qu'a été l'humanité. » - C'est quoi la zone morte, alors ? » - Bonne question Capa. Je viens de dire que les gens ont muté n'est-ce pas, qu'en est-il des animaux ? Une nouvelle race de primate est apparu en Afrique et tient toi bien, ils ont les mêmes caractéristiques que l'homme de Neandertal, c'est là que les scientifiques ont su… » Capa ouvre de grands yeux étonnés, il a du mal à rester calme après cette révélation, Mace ne comprend rien du tout à ce qu'ils disent, mais attend patiemment qu'on daigne lui faire la version plus abordable pour son cerveau moyen. Et entre une machine et un génie, il se sent pour le coup très lent et très con. C'est Capa qui se retourne et qui en l'observant, se rend compte qu'il ne suit pas. - Le soleil m'a dit qu'on avait gagné le droit de survivre, il m'a dit qu'en faisant preuve d'abnégation pour lui, il nous offrait une chance. Pinebacker pensait que le soleil était un dieu, un père et qu'on l'avait mis en colère. Imagine alors que nous ne sommes pas ses enfants, qu'il s'éteignait car il ne voulait pas de nous. Imagine qu'on ait tué ses enfants et qu'on ait investi la Terre qui ne nous appartenait pas. » - De quoi tu parles ? » - Tu sais qu'il y a eu plusieurs type d'évolutions de l'Homme, les scientifiques ont toujours été très confus lorsque l'homo sapiens et l'homo neanderthalensis ont été découvert car ils sont ressemblants mais très différents que ce soit morphologiquement ou dans leur façon de vivre. On a dit que l'homo sapiens avait éradiqué l'autre branche, ou qu'on l'avait intégré à notre race, mais des ossements découverts un peu avant ma naissance ont révélé une toute autre histoire. Il y a eu deux espèces totalement différentes sur Terre, nous et une autre forme de primate avancée, une espèce que l'on a détruite afin de s'approprier son territoire. Ces autres étaient beaucoup moins intelligents que nous, c'est nous qui avons inventé les armes, maitrisé le feu, eux ils vivaient en harmonie avec la terre, nous on l'a conquise ! On a tué les enfants du soleil et on a détruit la Terre à petit feu. Le soleil ne mourrait pas, c'était notre condamnation. » Mace reste dubitatif et d'ailleurs si les faits ne s'enchevêtraient pas comme il faut, Capa le serait aussi, car ça veut dire une chose, l'homme moderne ne venait pas de cette planète. S'avouer extraterrestre avait quelque chose d'étrange car jamais il n'avait adhéré aux théories parlant de l'homme comme d'un consommateur de planètes habitables. Mais voilà, ils avaient détruit la Terre et maintenant ils avaient colonisé Mars… Capa ne pouvait pas faire autrement que d'accepter les faits. - Alors, on n'est pas… Terrien ? C'est ça que vous insinuez ?! » - En effet. Bien après que la zone morte a été délimitée quelque chose a affolé tous les radars de la défense, un point en Afrique à quelques kilomètres de là où Lucy a été découverte. Ils ont envoyé un escadron de forces spéciales en reconnaissance. Avant d'avoir perdu tous contact avec les soldats, ils ont eu un communiqué étrange ainsi qu'une série de photos qui sont restés top secrets pendant des décennies. Au milieu du sable d'Ethiopie, une structure en métal soi-disant inconnu a émergée du sol lors des grands tremblements de terre, j'ai pu retrouver le dossier lorsque le monde s'est tu, j'aimerais vous le montrer. » Capa est le premier debout, il sait par son langage corporel que le physicien a hâte de voir ce que Sam a pour eux ; Mace, lui, n'a pas tellement envie d'en savoir plus, car plus il écoute moins il comprend ce qui se passe. Il y a encore quelques heures, il pensait être revenu chez lui et que le monde en haut avait été sauvé… mais voilà qu'on lui dit que tout le monde était mort, qu'ils sont dans le futur, que le soleil a détruit le genre humain pour recréer la Terre d'i milliards d'années et qu'en plus il est un extraterrestre ! Pardonnez-le mais c'est bien trop pour son pauvre esprit ! Il pourrait bien y avoir le vaisseau mère alien dans le désert d'Ethiopie ou allons savoir quoi, pour lors il est hors de question qu'il y pense ! Cela dit le physicien qui s'était approché de l'écran principal revient en arrière pour le tirer dans sa course. - Je vous présente, l'objet non identifié PX4598. Huit mètres de longueur, six de profondeur et huit de largeur, c'est immense et jamais on a su que c'était là… Les militaires qui l'ont approché sont morts instantanément après avoir rapporté une suite de symboles étranges. J'ai ici une capture d'écran. J'ai passé des années à décoder le message mais je n'ai pas réussi. Capa, tu veux y jeter un œil ? » La tête brune se colle devant l'écran principal, une sorte d'écran plasma rétro à pleurer orne le bâtiment d'une série de glyphes orangés. Bien entendu que Capa a envie d'y jeter un œil, même si ce n'est pas de la physique quantique, le challenge de comprendre une langue si ancienne est trop important pour qu'il le laisse passer ! Quand Mace l'observe de ses yeux d'humain normal ce n'est qu'une combinaison de barres sans queue ni tête, comme si quelqu'un avait fait tomber une boite d'allumettes et c'était dit : tient, je vais en faire un alphabet ! Ça pourrait être une de ces vielles langues dont usait et abusait les films de science-fiction. - On croirait du cunéiforme… » Qu'est-ce qu'il disait, bientôt il entendrait les mots : prophétie maya ou égyptienne ou allons savoir quoi ! Mace soupire, il se laisse tomber dans le plus proche fauteuil ressassant ce qui vient d'être expliqué. Avec ça il n'a pas pu demander à Capa ce qu'ils étaient l'un pour l'autre. - J'ai besoin d'espace, d'un article sur le langage cunéiforme de Mésopotamie, d'une base de données et de silence, je veux personne autour de moi, j'ai besoin de me concentrer. Je suis physicien, chimiste si vous voulez mais pas linguiste, ça va me prendre un temps fou. » - Tu es le seul à pouvoir le faire… » - Je sais. Du café, il y a du café ? » - Hum, Mace t'en apportera… je vais débrancher tout ce que je peux, pour te donner une plus grande vitesse de calcul. Mace ? Vient avec moi. » Voir Mace suivre la femme est un mauvais moment à passer, il préfère retourner à sa tache afin de ne pas y penser. Au moins il se sent utile, au moins il se sent vivre, ce n'est peut-être pas la sensation inconnue qu'il a vécu avec l'ingénieur, mais c'est quelque chose de commun et de réconfortant. Il est utile pour le bien d'autrui, peut-être qu'il saura déchiffrer le message, peut-être qu'il pourra mener Mace et Sam là où ils sont vraiment attendus ? Il imagine ce que ça pourrait être de rentrer enfin chez lui. La maison… voilà qui était bien plus passionnant que de rester cloitrer ici ! Soudainement, il lève le nez au ciel même si il ne peut le voir d'ici, il se demande si le soleil voulait qu'il fasse ça, qu'il ramène l'humain d'où il venait ? C'est excitant ! Un sourire flottant sur les lèvres, il se met à briser le code, enfin, il essaye. - Café ? » - Volontiers ! » - Une pause ? » Capa regarde de droite et de gauche, Mace est passé par-là lui aussi, car on ne voit pas le temps s'écouler dans cet endroit, il sait maintenant que ça fait plus de douze heures que le petit génie a le nez collé contre son écran à faire défiler des caractères bizarres dont il ne comprend rien. - Ça fait presque douze heures que tu es là-dessus, ça te fera pas de mal. Dans quelques jours tu t'habitueras au fait de ne pas voir le cycle du jour et de la nuit. » - Merci… » Capa se frotte les yeux, il doit être fatigué d'avoir bossé comme un dingue depuis tout ce temps. Il tire de la poche de son vêtement une mangue qu'il tend au physicien - Je voulais te la donner ce matin, mais avec tout ça… » - C'est quoi ? » - Un fruit, tu verras c'est délicieux. Je peux… te demander quelque chose ? » Capa observe la mangue avec intérêt, un peu comme lui lors de sa première découvert ; il doit se demander si la peau se mange ou si c'est réellement comestible. Le physicien la secoue puis la coupe en deux avec un couteau qui lui semble familier. - Ho, c'est vrai, il est à toi. » - A moi ? » - Hum. Tu veux savoir quoi ? » - Toi et moi, on est quoi au jour d'aujourd'hui ? » - Je ne sais pas, amis ? » Pourquoi il ne croit pas un traitre mot de ce qui sort de ces lèvres étirées en un faux sourire ? Mace se demande si il ne loupe pas quelque chose de plus important, mais le bip du moniteur interrompt ses pensées, Capa a le nez dans son fruit, désintéressé par ce qui se trame derrière lui. - C'est délicieux ! » Ce sourire-là est vrai, il ne provoque pas un arrière-gout détestable dans la bouche du militaire, Mace sourit à Capa, sa main glisse dans la chevelure brune comme si il l'avait toujours fait. Pendant quelques secondes, le geste lui en rappelle d'autres. Il voit Capa sourire entre ses bras, il le voit se caler contre son torse sous la lumière diffuse de leur tente. Dans ses bras… - Bordel, il n'y a aucune suite logique à ces symboles si ça se trouve ce n'est même pas du cunéiforme… Mace, si tu as besoin de rien d'autre je dois recommencer mes recherches. » - Je… on s'est embrassé ? » - Je ne vois pas de quoi tu parles ! » Le ton est sec, il ne se remémore pas avoir déjà entendu le physicien faire montre d'une telle froideur, Mace se recule puis sort sans demander son reste car le cerveau du petit génie est déjà hors d'atteinte, plongé quelque part entre le premier et le second millénaire avant jésus christ. Il n'a pas d'image sur laquelle appuyer cette étrange sensation, mais son corps sait, la partie animale de son corps se souvient avoir embrassé le brun. En tournant dans le corridor est, il rentre dans Sam car il est trop bouleversé pour se rendre compte de ce qu'il fait ou, où il va. - Je crois… je crois que j'ai violé Capa. » Ses souvenirs sont de plus en plus confus, mais il a l'image de lui frappant le physicien, il le voit allongé dans l'herbe en train de pleurer, en train de rager sur la façon dont quelqu'un l'a traité. Il raconte des sévices qu'il croit dur comme fer avoir officiées. - Qu'est-ce que tu racontes ? » - Je l'ai violé, je m'en souviens ! Il a eu peur de moi toute à l'heure, il est distant, j'en suis persuadé ! » Il marche de long en large chamboulé par ce qu'il vient d'en déduire car il n'est pas homme à être comme ça, il se connait un minimum malgré les coups durs à l'armée, il n'a jamais touché à l'un de ses camarades, il a flirté avec quelque femmes, il a même couché avec une petite adjudante mais il n'a jamais obligé qui que ce soit à passer dans son lit ! Pourtant… Pourtant il l'avait fait, il avait mis Capa dans son sac de couchage, il avait profité du fait que le petit génie soit une proie facile pour avoir ce qu'il voulait. Il était un monstre ! Jetant son crâne contre le mur le plus proche, le lieutenant pousse un cri rauque et guttural. - Tu es sûr ? C'est rare de voir quelqu'un s'en faire autant pour une personne qui l'a violé, ça arrive mais dans des cas très extrêmes. Si c'est réellement le cas, Capa ne devrait théoriquement pas te fuir, une fois que le syndrome de Stockholm est mis en place, il est difficile de s'en défaire. » - La machine… » - N'a aucun effet sur la psyché de Robert, tu as vu comme moi qu'il se souvient de ta mort. » - Alors ? » - Alors ?! Soit tu ne l'as pas violé, soit il éprouve des sentiments forts pour toi qui font qu'il t'a pardonné… Tu devrais lui en parler. » Capa l'aimerait ? Il ne s'en souvient pas, il n'a pas de souvenir précis lui indiquant que Robert lui a dit ces mots-là, mais il ne peut oublier ce regard qui l'observe, ce bleu qui le suit, qui espère et qui contient un flot incroyable de non-dits. C'est pire encore de se servir de quelqu'un qui l'aime pour… Mace n'arrive pas à croire qu'il a pu faire une chose pareille. Dégouté, le militaire tourne les talons puis s'en va se cloitrer dans sa chambre car il doit se souvenir, car il doit tirer ça au clair ![Chapter 9] Daeamon, merci pour ta review, ça fait chaud au cœur ! Le film ne donnant pas assez de leste pour une fic slash en plusieurs chapitres j'ai du innover. J'ai de la chance le futur permet de lâcher son imagination un max et de cette dernière je n'en manque pas ! Another Earth 9 - Capa ? » Il ignore l'heure qu'il est mais Mace doit présenter ses excuses au physicien car il n'a pas pu fermer l'œil de la nuit sans éprouver envers lui-même une aversion prononcée. Pénétrant la salle principale, il s'aperçoit que l'homme n'est pas devant son écran et ça lui parait fort suspicieux. Si Capa avait pris une pause, il l'aurait trouvé devant la machine à café, hors, il était passé devant avant d'arriver dans la salle principale. Le silence est consternant, Mace jette un coup d'œil aux alentours après avoir observé avec plus d'intérêt les différents clichés de cette langue inconnue. Il y a des feuilles de papier disséminées en pagaille sur le sol décorées d'essais semble-t-il infructueux de traduction, mais aucun petit génie n'est là pour lui répondre. Après un frisson désagréable qui lui descend le long de dos Mace fait marche arrière, puis se dirige à grands pas vers la chambre de Robert. Peut-être qu'il s'était senti fatigué et avait pris un peu de repos, ça ne ressemblait pas à Capa, car lorsqu'il était plongé dans quelque chose il en oubliait de manger et de dormir, mais c'était l'un des seuls endroits où il pouvait bien se rendre ! Mais là encore le vide est la seule réponse à l'appel du mécanicien... Mace s'inquiète, le lit n'a pas été défait, Capa n'est pas venu se coucher, alors où peut-il être ?! Après être sorti de la chambre, le militaire court dans les couloirs, il n'y a plus qu'une destination possible ! Lorsque la porte s'ouvre devant lui, il pénètre les jardins en criant le nom de son ancien collègue afin qu'il puisse l'entendre qu'importe sa localisation. Quelques oiseaux s'envolent apeurés par cet éclat de voix, le ciel devient d'un vert menaçant mais à part ça Capa ne lui répond pas. L'organisme bio-luminescent baisse la puissance de son étincellement lorsqu'il reste debout sans faire aucun bruit, Mace ne les a jamais vu comme un possible danger, mais la couleur n'annonce rien de bon, aussi il fait attention de ne pas les importuner ou de leur faire peur lorsqu'il parcourt les jardins. Mace commence à s'alarmer et c'est avec angoisse qu'il sort de son sanctuaire et s'en va à la rencontre de Sam qui doit être dans le laboratoire numéro deux. Lorsqu'il entre la pièce blanche, il cligne des yeux car la lumière est à son maximum, la femme, ou plutôt le robot, ou il ne sait comment la qualifier joue avec sa chevelure en chantonnant. Elle relève la tête de son écran lorsqu'il se racle la gorge, pas très à l'aise car elle ne porte pas sa combinaison de médecin coutumière, mais a revêtu une robe fine et semi-transparente. - Mace ? » - Désolé de te... enfin de t'interrompre, mais tu n'aurais pas vu Roby ? » - Non, il n'est pas dans la salle principale ? » - J'en viens et j'ai vérifier sa chambre ainsi que les jardins, il n'est nul part ! » - Tu as été vérifier la chambre principale, celle de l'AI ? Capa aime bien passer du temps à la décortiquer, il voulait lui donner parole, il me semble. » Mace pense soudainement à Icarus II, il est vrai qu'un ordinateur gère tout de la base militaire, de la distribution de l'eau et de l'air, à la surveillance médicale, en passant par la sécurité et les yeux optiques cachés dans les murs permettant aux portes de s'ouvrirent sans qu'ils n'aient besoin d'appuyer sur un bouton. Mace n'a aucun égard pour ce genre de chose, il est doué en mécanique mais ne verra jamais autre chose que des microprocesseurs, des vis et des soudures en lieu et place de ces entités. Capa lui, avait toujours traité Icarus comme un membre de l'équipage, il parlait avec elle, s'occupait de ses sentiments et discutait philosophie en sa compagnie. Mace à chaque fois qu'il lui avait adressé la parole, ça n'avait été que pour savoir si quelque chose clochait dans le système, si il restait assez d'oxygène, ou si le taux de réussite de la mission n'avait pas baissé à cause des derniers évènements... Alors oui, il aurait pu y penser mais ça n'avait pas survolé son esprit. Lorsqu'il se retourne pour se diriger vers le sas et prendre le chemin de la chambre principale, la lumière rouge du système de sécurité le met en alerte. - Pourquoi ça clignote ? » Sam soupire, elle relève le nez de ses analyses puis observe le voyant rouge qui clignote au-dessus de sa tête, elle a un moment de latence puis elle se redresse le long de sa chaise soudainement alerter par le signal. Sa première réaction est de pianoter sur son écran tactile. - Il a dû pénétrer le système de sécurité, il est sorti ou bien quelque chose est entré... Mais vu qu'il n'y a pas d'alarme, je parierais plus pour une sortie non autorisée. » - Sorti ? Ce n'est pas dangereux pour lui dehors ? » - Pourquoi je m'évertue à vous garder ici ? Ce n'est pas par plaisir ! La nouvelle race de primate étend sa zone de territoire, ils ont colonisé l'Amérique depuis quelques années et sont très dangereux ! Tu devrais en savoir quelque chose ! » Comment ? Mace fronce les sourcils, il est mort du à la blessure fatale qu'un animal sauvage lui a infligée, alors quoi ? Il ne se souvenait pas avoir croisé un primate savant et dangereux ! De toute façon avec sa cervelle qui déconnait, il n'avait pas vraiment de souvenir précis de son passé récent. Si il avait vu King Kong en soubrette chanter \"Happy Birthday to you Mister President\" il n'en saurait rien ! Pourtant sa main gauche se pose sur son épaule droite où tout à coup il a cru sentir la présence de lèvres. Une sorte de fantôme du passé qui s'est saisit de son être entier qui frissonne d'un certain plaisir ou déplaisir, il n'en est pas certain ! Le militaire inspire profondément plus bloque son émoi, il n'a pas le loisir de se laisser distraire par sa mémoire car il est trop inquiet pour son camarade ! Ses yeux gris bleu dirigés vers le voyant rouge Mace peste soudainement. - Tout ça c'est ma faute ! » N'écoutant pas Sam qui lui interdit de sortir sans avoir pris un kit de protection solaire et anti-radiations ainsi qu'une arme, il se précipite dans les étages supérieurs car si jamais il arrivait quelque chose à Capa, il ne pourrait pas se le pardonner ! Il devrait considérer un peu plus la peur irraisonnée qui fait battre son cœur, mais il n'en a pas le loisir, ce qu'il veut, c'est s'assurer que le brun va bien et qu'il lui présente ses excuses au plus tôt. Il ne peut changer le passé, ce qui est fait est fait, mais au moins il peut essayer de s'absoudre ! Même si ça n'enlève en rien la cruauté de son acte de toute façon impardonnable. Lorsque la porte du dernier sas s'ouvre, la chaleur le terrasse, il doit être pas loin de midi et l'astre solaire est à son zénith. Protégeant ses yeux de son bras gauche, il essaye de discerner quelque chose dans cette fournaise. La chaleur qui se réverbère fait onduler le sol, comme dans un désert aride, pourtant à ce qu'il en sait ils sont à quelque quinze kilomètres de Colombus en Géorgie ! Les vaguelettes de chaleur brute ne peuvent empêcher son cœur de se broyer devant le spectacle désolant qui lui fait face… Il y a des cadavres de soldats qui jonchent le sol, des reliquats du passé qui témoignent de la véracité des dires de Sam, le monde qu'il a connu, qu'il a aimé et a voulu protéger, a disparu… Tous ces gens… sont morts ! Son corps a un mouvement de recul bien malgré lui et sa botte militaire écrase le crâne d'un squelette juste derrière lui. Il n'a pas pour habitude de perdre son calme lorsqu'il est en terrain hostile mais ce qu'il vient de comprendre, ce qu'il sait maintenant lui déclencherait bien une crise de panique. Il ne reste plus de l'humanité qu'un robot, un autiste et lui ! Il ne peut s'empêcher de s'excuser auprès de ce qui a été jadis un des siens dont il voit la plaque luire sous le soleil. Où est la sienne ? Il n'en sait rien. Il s'en préoccuperait bien, quoi que maintenant il n'y a plus aucune famille à prévenir de sa mort, une identification de sa dépouille serait futile, il préfère ne pas penser à sa famille, il doit trouver Roby. - Capa ? » Une silhouette humaine attire tout à coup son regard, en se rapprochant il reconnait le forme du physicien et Mace sent sa crispation de faire moindre. Le jeune homme est agenouillé dans la terre desséchée, lorsqu'il est enfin assez près de son coéquipier, il discerne une tache rouge et obscure s'étendre sur le sol craquelé. Il n'a pas à chercher plus loin pour comprendre où est-ce qu'ils sont très exactement. Le militaire tombe à genoux aux côtés de Capa, ses doigts courent sur la flaque de sang séché qu'il a laissé en mourant entre les bras du petit génie. Voilà donc où il était mort ? C'était étrange de se poser cette question. Lorsque ses doigts effleurent ceux du physicien, Mace baisse la tête car il est temps qu'il parle, qu'il lui parle. - Capa… je suis désolé, tellement désolé. » - Tu m'as sauvé la vie. J'ai failli me faire tuer, mais tu m'as sauvé la vie. Une deuxième fois ! Tu as pris une balle pour moi, tu es mort pour moi, deux fois ! Quand je t'ai choisi, je voulais que tu aies la vie que le monde ne t'avait pas offerte. Et je t'ai tué… » Une seconde fois ? La sensation sur son bras droit lui picote la chair, il se souvient de la blessure, il se souvient des créatures qu'il a exécuté d'une balle dans le crâne et entend même celles qui ont sifflé autour d'eux. Il se souvient maintenant d'avoir sauvé Capa au prix de sa propre vie, une action tout à fait louable pour le lieutenant qu'il avait été, mais n'était-ce que cela ? - C'est pour ça ? C'est pour ça que tu me pardonnes ? » - Voilà longtemps que je t'ai pardonné, Mace… » - Capa… » Comment lui dire ? C'était assez compliqué de parler de ça puisqu'il n'a pas réellement de souvenirs précis de ce qu'il a fait et pour dire vrai il n'en veux pas ! Ça ne change rien au fait qu'il est certain de son pressentiment. Il n'essaye pas de poser la main sur le physicien de peur qu'il se méprenne sur ses intentons mais il aimerait lui prouver qu'il ne recommencera pas une telle chose. - Je pensais retrouver Corazon. » - Notre biologiste ? » - Non, le tamia, tu ne te souviens pas d'elle ? Elle arrêtait pas de manger tes provisions, tu la pourrissais en la gâtant comme une petite princesse. Tu crois… tu crois qu'elle est morte ? » Un tamia ? Il se souvient d'une présence qui lui tapait sur le système, il n'a pas pu mettre un nom ou un visage sur celle-ci mais il sait de source sûre que ce n'est pas vers le physicien que sont adressés ces sentiments et ces sensations. Alors peut-être qu'inconsciemment il se souvenait de cet animal sans réellement le savoir. Capa semble peiner de ne pas l'avoir retrouvé, mais Mace pense qu'il y a plus important sur le moment que de s'inquiéter pour la vie d'un animal qu'importe la préciosité de celui-ci pour les grands yeux bleus de son camarade ! - Je ne sais pas, Capa… je ne sais pas. On devrait rentrer on va finir déshydraté. » - Tu me pardonnes ? » - De ?! C'est moi qui devrais être à tes genoux et demander pardon pour ce que je t'ai fait ! Comment j'ai pu te faire ça ! » Son interlocuteur l'observe étrangement, comme si ses mots n'avaient aucun sens, Mace attrape le bras de Capa pour l'aider à se relever et l'attire soudainement contre lui parce qu'il ne veut pas voir ses yeux bleus se fondre dans l'obscurité de ce qui va sortir à présent. - Je t'ai… je t'ai violé. Pourquoi ?! Pourquoi j'ai t'es fait un truc pareil ?! » Le physicien semble avoir été percuté par quelque chose, certainement par ses souvenirs. Le corps entier vibre entre ses bras et tout à coup, Robert le repousse pour se libérer de son emprise. Mace a senti le frisson de son camarade, il n'attend pas que Capa le toise avec dégout, il n'attend pas non plus que le brun lui parle, il s'agenouille devant le physicien car le corps de celui-ci a parlé pour lui. L'abnégation est la seule chose qui lui reste, Mace a essayé d'être un homme bien, pas un homme parfait parce qu'on ne pouvait pas prétendre à une telle chose, mais il avait essayé de ne jamais être un salopard et il avait semble-t-il échoué. - Tu... tu divagues ?! Le seul à m'avoir violé c'est Harvey ! Tu ne m'as jamais touché, Mace. Enfin en dehors de nos joutes verbales et physiques sur Icarus II, tu n'as pas posé tes mains sur moi de cette façon, je te rassure. » Harvey ? Il lui faut un moment pour se souvenir de l'entièreté de la conversation, de son coup de poing pour quelque chose dont il ignore encore tout, du physicien au bord des larmes dans l'obscurité de leur campement, de ses émotions qui sortent enfin et des mots qui fusent libéré par des mois et des années de silence. Mace fronce les sourcils lorsque le nom d'Harvey revient à sa mémoire ainsi que son envie de lui refaire le portrait. Ainsi donc, il n'a pas touché au physicien, ou tout du moins ce n'était pas lui qui avait abusé de sa confiance ?! Quelque part il est soulagé mais ça n'empêche pas le militaire d'être mal à l'aise. Si c'est Harvey qui a violé Capa, alors pourquoi se souvient-il de son corps ? - Qu'est-ce que j'ai oublié de si important, alors ? » - Rien, je t'assure. » - Tu me dois la vérité Roby ! Tu me dois au moins ça ! » Son camarade semble hésiter, il ignore ce qui le retient de parler car si il ne l'a pas violé, il n'y a donc rien à cacher. - Je… je veux que tu sois heureux d'accord ? Sam est belle. Elle te plait ? » Il reconnait à nouveau ce sourire forcé, Capa n'a pas à en dire plus car il sait maintenant ce qu'il lui cache. Sam n'a rien à voir dans leur histoire, ce n'est qu'une pièce rapportée, mais puisqu'il esquive la question il ne peut que la prendre en compte. Sam a raison, Capa l'aime, peut-être même qu'il a partagé ce sentiment l'espace d'un instant, peut-être qu'ils auraient fini ensemble si il n'avait pas perdu la mémoire et si il ne s'était pas rapproché de Sam. Au fond de lui il sait qu'il est hétéro, ça n'a jamais changé, il aime les femmes et ne perdra pas la tête pour un homme. Capa est un beau garçon mais ça n'en reste pas moins un homme et ça n'a jamais été autre chose pour lui que des camarades ou des amis, voir même des épines dans le cul. Don't ask, don't tell avait été la politique de l'armée, sa propre politique aussi, car il n'a jamais posé de questions à ses frères d'armes et n'y a jamais prêté aucune attention. Pourrait-il aimer un homme ? La réponse à cette question devait être oui, car en regardant ce petit génie paumé, il se sentait l'envie de le serrer contre lui, de lui caresser les cheveux et de lui dire qu'il ne le quitterait plus. Pouvait-il faire l'amour à un homme, là était une toute autre question ! Mace ne se souvient pas et ça l'énerve, avait-il couché avec Capa ? L'avait-il touché de cette façon, ou bien n'était-ce qu'une envie primaire qui revenait à son souvenir ? Comment devait-il réagir ?! Il est dépassé par les évènements. - Je sais que tu aimes les femmes, Sam est parfaite pour toi. Je suis juste… je suis juste qu'un… » - Un quoi ? Un homme ? » - Un cerveau, une machine… » - Sam est une machine. » - Mais elle est plus humaine que moi… » Il sait de quoi parle le physicien, mais ça n'avait rien à voir avec la discussion. Aimer quelqu'un ne s'arrête pas à ce genre de détails, c'était justement cette faiblesse, cette étrangeté qui donne à Capa son charme. Si le petit génie avait été un homme comme tous les autres, jamais il n'aurait pu ressentir de l'attirance pour lui, jamais il ne l'aurait regardé autrement que comme un camarade de galère. - Roby, est-ce qu'on a... ? » - Non. » Son camarade hésite, il attrape sa main afin de le pousser à continuer à parler, il doit savoir, il le faut, aussi il regarde Capa puis passe sa main dans la chevelure brune afin de le mettre à l'aise. Mace est assez grand pour faire face à ses propres actions. Et surtout... surtout il veut suivre les miettes de pain que lui offrira son coéquipier pour récupérer l'intégralité de ses souvenirs ! - On s'est embrassé et j'étais pas contre aller plus loin, enfin je crois, c'est assez compliqué, notre relation est compliquée ! Je crois qu'on s'est séduit mutuellement, ou c'est le fait d'être devenu si proche l'un de l'autre. De passer de temps rien que tous les deux, de dormir dans la même tente et de t'être totalement investi de la responsabilité de mon bienêtre. J'ai toujours aimé les hommes forts, c'était irrémédiable que je finisse par ne plus pouvoir cacher mon attirance. Tu en rigolais au début et puis tu as appris à me connaitre et à ma grande stupéfaction, tu as accepté ce que je suis, tu m'as pas rejeté. J'avais si peur que tu sois comme Harvey, que tu acceptes faussement tout ça pour ton compte personnel, mais tu m'as prouvé que tu n'étais pas comme ça. Le soir de ta mort, je t'ai fait jurer de rester auprès de moi, je t'ai demandé de ne pas partir parce que... parce que... » - Parce que quoi Capa ? » - Parce que aussi idiot que ce soit, j'ai appris à aimer, j'ai appris à t'aimer ! Et que ça me fait peur, j'ai peur de mes émotions et de mes sentiments, j'ai peur de perdre pied là-dedans et... » - Pourquoi tu ne m'as pas dit ça dès le début ?! » - M'aurais-tu cru ? Toi qui parlais toujours de filles, toi qui semblais si hétéro tu aurais cru mes dires ? » - Je... » - Tu ne m'aurais pas cru car tu avais oublié ce qui nous reliait, tu ne sais plus ce qui s'est passé, comment on s'est tourné autour, ton regard insistant qui me suivait, mon regard qui fuyait ton corps à chaque fois que tu te déshabillais. Mon souffle court et mon corps qui réagissait quand tu étais trop proche et ta façon de caresser mes cheveux et mon cou tout en me regardant. Tu avais oublié notre premier baiser, mon premier baiser et les mots que je t'ai dit ce soir-là. Et je me suis dit que c'était peut-être mieux ainsi. Que si je faisais en sorte d'oublier tout ça, toi au moins tu serais heureux avec Sam ! Et que moi je serais délivré de poids qui pèse sur ma tête ! J'ai l'impression de t'avoir détourné de ce qui est bien pour toi, je m'en voulais ! » - Ce qui est fait est fait Capa, ce n'est pas à toi de penser à ce qui est bien pour moi ou pas, si je t'ai aimé, si j'ai vraiment éprouvé ça pour toi, je le saurais un jour où l'autre. Rien n'est totalement oublié, il y a des choses qui reviennent comme tes lèvres sur mon bras quand je t'ai protégé. » Capa baisse la tête, il avait voulu bien faire, sans se rendre compte que ça aurait pu nuire à son compagnon, ça n'avait jamais été son but. Est-il digne d'être en couple avec quelqu'un alors qu'il ne comprend pas l'essence même de l'amour ? Il fait un sourire triste tandis que la main glisse contre sa joue. Peut-être que la véritable raison de son silence était simplement la terreur muette de faire face à ce sentiment, lui, qui n'a toujours réagi que par raison, pouvait-il faire face à l'amour ? Il n'en savait fichtrement rien ! Mace lui sourit l'interdisant de s'emmurer dans son propre mental. Ce n'était pas ce charme juvénile et angélique qui le poussait vers Capa, c'est bien d'autres choses. Il ne pouvait encore rien expliquer au jeune homme car ses pensées étaient encore confuses mais lorsqu'il serait enfin d'accord avec lui-même, Robert serait le premier au courant. - Vient, avec ta peau laiteuse tu vas te chopper un coup de soleil. » - Je ne suis pas une femme… » - Je sais très bien que tu pisses debout, ça ne m'empêche pas de m'en faire pour toi. » Résoudre un puzzle voilà ce qu'il était en train de faire avec sa propre mémoire, lorsque Sam avait dit que ça lui prendrait du temps, il n'avait pas pensé que ça soit à ce point. Tenant le physicien par l'épaule, il le dirige en sécurité vers l'intérieur. Il se souvient tout à coup l'avoir tiré au fond d'une rivière, il se souvient l'avoir regardé dans les yeux et avoir ressenti le besoin de l'embrassé, l'avait-il fait à ce moment-là ? Avait-il succombé au visage anguleux mais terriblement mignon du physicien ?! Il n'arrive pas à se souvenir de leur premier baiser, même si son corps lui certifie qu'il a gouté à Robert. Alors si l'image et l'instant ne reviennent pas, peut-être qu'un simple rafraichissement de mémoire suffira. - Je suis désolé. » C'est un acte nécessaire, lorsque la porte de la base militaire souterraine se referme derrière eux, la masse de son corps pousse Robert contre le mur le plus proche. Le regard bleu inquiet plonge dans le sien au moment où il franchit les centimètres le séparant des lèvres du physicien. Il sent son compagnon se crisper puis doucement s'abandonner au baiser. Le corps de Capa s'échauffe sous ses mains, soit, il devait s'en tenir à un baiser mais il ne peut empêcher ses mains de parcourir le corps de son compagnon et ce moment est grisant à souhait. Capa n'est pas qu'un cerveau, c'est aussi un être humain comme tous les autres. Il se rappelle de leurs discussions à ce propos de l'envie du civil à vouloir dissocier l'âme de son corps, à vouloir n'être plus que le jouet de son génie pour se protéger des émotions qui pourraient lui être fatales d'une certaine façon. Mace doit être délicat avec le jeune homme pour ne pas le brusquer, il doit prendre son temps et ne pas lui faire du mal car justement, il a pouvoir sur la psyché de Robert et c'est un cadeau qu'il ne doit pas prendre à la légère ! Il ne se rend pas compte sur le moment que Robert l'a attrapé par les épaules et qu'une de ses cuisses s'est glissée entre les siennes. Le mouvement électrique qu'a le petit génie lorsqu'il lui caresse les côtes l'oblige à se reculer car il vient de lui déclencher une pulsion qu'il doit absolument canaliser avant de faire une bêtise. - Pardon, je sais pas ce qui m'a pris... » - C'est rien. Je devais le faire, tu comprends pourquoi ? » - Hum… » Est-ce qu'il peut faire l'amour à un homme la réponse est non, il n'en a aucune envie et ne veut pas avoir à faire ce genre de chose. Peut-il faire l'amour à Robert Capa la réponse est apparemment oui et c'est assez étonnant ! Il devrait se sentir dégouté de cette envie qu'il a eut de… le retourner et de le consommer sur place, mais il n'y arrive pas. Pour une première fois dans sa vie Mace ne se comprend pas et visiblement ça n'a rien avoir à faire avec son problème de mémoire. Il observe Capa reprendre son souffle et contenance sur son corps en imaginant les choses les plus abracadabrantes comme celles de lui faire l'amour à cet endroit-là, comme celle de se mettre à genoux pour calmer les ardeurs du physicien et cette pensée lui donne l'envie de vomir. Précipitamment il s'en retourne vers ses quartiers car cette image n'arrive pas à sortir de ses pensées, savoir qu'il était prêt à faire ce genre de chose pour un autre homme était terriblement dérangeant. Lorsque la porte de sa chambre fut fermée, il se laisse tomber sur le sol, la main qui glisse dans son pantalon n'attend pas que son cerveau ait arrêté d'imaginer cette scène et bien malgré lui, il jouit en imaginant Capa se libérer entre ses lèvres. Et là… là… il se dit qu'il a un sacré problème ! Capa a regardé le militaire partir sans rien dire, il n'avait pas fait exprès de mettre sa cuisse à cet endroit ça avait été un mouvement inconscient, rien de plus. Il ne veut pas mettre le brun mal à l'aise, tout ce qu'il veut, au final c'est être avec l'ingénieur. Il joue avec ses doigts se demandant si il doit s'excuser ou plutôt laisser l'homme pour la journée. Il se dit que le militaire a besoin de se retrouver seul avec ses pensées, tout comme lui d'ailleurs, car il en a dit beaucoup trop. Soupirant il descend les marches puis se dirrige vers la machine à café, il doit se plonger dans son boulot pour ne pas penser à Mace car y penser ne changera pas le fait qu'ils en sont encore au début de leur relation quelle qu'elle soit et que même lui ne sait pas vraiment où doit se diriger leur histoire. - Capa ? » Le physicien soupire, ses yeux ternes décrivent un arc-de-cercle avant de se poser sur elle, il est étrangement froid, ce regard bleu n'a jamais été aussi perçant qu'aujourd'hui. - Oui ? » Même sa voix normalement douce est tranchante comme l'acier, elle ignore ce qu'a le petit génie mais ça ne l'impressionne pas. Elle fait le tour de la salle principale, jette un coup d'œil sur l'écran puis sur les feuilles éparpillées sur le bureau sur lequel il est vautré. - Ça avance ? » - Non. » Elle se tient à ses côtés en silence, observant Capa qui semble différent, le petit génie à l'air las, aux vues de ce qu'elle comprend, il a la tête ailleurs, mais certainement pas dans son travail ! Mace a du lui parler et le résultat n'est pas mirobolant. - Tu as vu Mace ? » Le corps du jeune homme change brusquement d'attitude, il est tout à coup nerveux et stoïque, droit comme un piquet, menaçant comme celui d'un prédateur. Le tabouret derrière le postérieur du brun s'écroule sur le sol lorsqu'il se lève et dirige vers elle un regard courroucé. - Laisse-le tranquille, tu m'entends ? Mace est à moi ! Pour une fois, une fois dans ma vie, je veux penser à moi avant quelqu'un d'autre, je veux… cet homme. J'ai tout sacrifié pour les autres, mais pas lui, pas Mace ! » Elle est étonnée de voir autant de larmes dans ce regard alarmé et autant de colère muette, elle n'a pas le temps de dire quoi que ce soit car le petit génie quitte la pièce, certainement pour se rendre dans les jardins. Elle n'a jamais eu dans l'idée d'entamer quoi que ce soit avec le militaire, c'était une opportunité et rien de plus, il arrivait fréquemment que les gens aient besoin de quelqu'un d'autre pour évacuer leurs problèmes, le fait d'avoir parlé de Lucas lui avait fait du bien au moral, ce n'est pas parce qu'elle s'était portée volontaire pour devenir ce qu'elle est aujourd'hui, qu'elle a oublié ce que c'était que d'aimer, que de vouloir être dans les bras de quelqu'un pour se sentir en sécurité. Mace lui avait rappelé ces moments qu'elle avait partagés avec l'homme qu'elle ne pourrait jamais oublier. Sam inspire profondément, elle regarde l'écran en repensant à l'homme qu'elle a aimé car Lucas aurait certainement pu aider Capa dans cette tâche, lui aussi avait aimé se lancer ce genre de défi. Passer à quelque chose d'autre après cet homme était impossible, elle espérait que le militaire puisse gérer ce qui se passait aujourd'hui malgré l'affection qu'il porte encore pour son ex. Capa méritait d'être traité correctement, après ce qui se passait entre les deux hommes n'était ni de son ressort ni même réellement ses affaires. Tout ce qu'elle désirait c'était de voir Capa finir son boulot et avancer vers une réponse, peut-être même les renvoyer vers là où tout avait commencé pour l'être Humain.[Chapter 10] Daeamon, merci pour ta review, c'est un projet que j'avais à cœur depuis quelques années, mais j'avais jamais le temps de m'y pencher. Par ailleurs, je viens de voir un film qui a le même titre que ma fic et je me dis... ha ouai... mon titre prendra toute sa signification dans 3 ou 4 chapitres... :D Another Earth 10 - Je sais ma belle, mais je ne peux rien y faire pour le moment. Hum... je sais pas, j'ai droit à quel genre de récompense ? Ok, ok, on se voit pour le repas ? » Il entend Mace rire, sa voix est d'ailleurs charmeuse et Sam lui répond d'une voix chantante et enjouée, Capa fait la moue serrant ses jambes contre son torse car il peut très bien imaginer la scène et ça fait étrangement mal. Le militaire n'a pas la même voix, n'a pas les mêmes mots lorsqu'il parle à Sam, il ne peut s'empêcher d'éprouver une jalousie maladive et c'est une sorte de grande première. Mas pourquoi diable Mace ne lui parle pas de cette façon, pour ses mots ne sont pas aussi doux que ceux-ci, pourquoi ne se sent-il pas spécial dans le regard du militaire ? Ces pensées sont idiotes car ce ne sont que de attentes futiles, surtout dans son cas. Ses mains se referment sur elles-mêmes, il sent ses ongles fendre la paume de ses mains mais il n'y prête pas attention, la douleur n'est qu'informative, tout son être tremble de colère. Il voudrait tellement faire machine arrière, retourner dans son monde solitaire et frigide parce que attendre est vain, l'espoir est vain ! Qu'il aimerait se rouler en boule et disparaitre... - Roby ? » L'homme hausse un sourcil surpris de le voir à cet endroit. Depuis que Mace a trouvé cette petite cascade il y passe ses journées. Robert n'a jamais été un fan d'eau, pas plus que de son chant, mais c'était devenu aussi son lieu habituel rien que pour passer un moment avec l'ingénieur, un moment où jamais Sam ne venait les interrompre. Il ne daigne pas regarder son ami, à la place il soupire, observant l'eau dégringoler le long d'un grand rocher. Il semble être le lieu de reproduction du ciel, car il voit les espèces de vers volants entrer dans la roche qui doit se composer en un grotte interne puis ressortir. Le manège est distrayant et ça lui a permis de se camer un peu. Mace s'approche de lui puis se laisse tomber sur la berge en soupirant de contentement, de temps en temps il trouve le militaire les jambes plongées dans l'eau et il sourit comme un bienheureux tout en les balançant dans l'eau claire. Capa est encore surpris par ce qu'il a dit à Sam, il ne pensait pas un jour devenir ce genre d'individu jaloux et possessif, c'était ahurissant ce que pouvait faire une monté d'hormones... Il soupire à nouveau, Mace jette un coup d'œil vers son compagnon puis lui donne un coup d'épaule. - Toi tu as pleuré ? » - C'est rien… j'ai piqué une crise. » - De ? » - Je sais pas, j'avais jamais enfin, tu comprends… » Mace l'observe un peu trop profondément, aussi il est obligé de détourner son visage pour ne as se faire percer à jour. Il est déjà peu fier de lui, mais si le mécanicien sait ce qu'il lui est arrivé, il a l'impression qu'il perdra le peu de crédibilité qui lui reste. Lorsque le militaire attrape ses mains afin de l'obliger à desserrer les poings Capa pousse un gémissement plaintif. Il y a quatre croissants de lune rouge plantés dans la paume de ses mains, croissants que les pouces de son camarade massent tendrement. - Sam ? » - Hum… Tu vas la choisir ? » - Je devrais, enfin en théorie mais je pense que je t'aimais déjà avant de m'en rendre compte. » - Ce ne sont que des… » - Hormones ? Je sais, tu l'as déjà dit. » - Tu te souviens ? » - Ça commence à revenir… Tu avances avec ton puzzle ? » - Moins bien que toi visiblement… » - Ça n'a pas été facile de faire le vide et de recoller les morceaux. » - Tu partais au moins sur des bases sûres. Là je ne fais que des hypothèses et des spéculations. » - Fais une pause, décompresse. » - A ton avis, pourquoi je suis là ! » - Pour me voir ? » Il ignore pourquoi il a l'impression que Mace vient de lui tirer une balle en plein cœur, la honte doit teindre son visage car le militaire se moque de lui avec tendresse tout en caressant sa chevelure. Pour sauvegarder le peu de maitrise qui lui reste, le physicien détourne le visage afin d'observer les alentours, il déteste passer pour une gamin face aux yeux bleus de son vis-à-vis ! Le jardin oscille à cause d'un coup de vent artificiel, les feuilles, les arbres et les pétales bruissent légèrement tandis que le ciel gonfle ses abdomens illuminant les lieux d'une lueur violine. Il ne peut que penser à Corazon lorsqu'il voit ces broussailles et ces arbres touffus, en fait il pense aux deux. L'humaine aurait aimé cet endroit, il l'imagine glisser entre les arbres raconter de quelles familles ils étaient issus avec des yeux adorateurs, empêcher les deux hommes de piocher dans les fruits comme si ils étaient dans un self-service en leur intimant d'être respectueux envers ceux qui les nourrissaient etc etc etc... Corazon avait aimé la nature et la nature le lui avait bien rendu. Quant au Tamia, il imagine l'animal courir dans l'herbe et faire son nid quelque part, collecter tous les grands et les fruits secs du jardin pour son stock personnel et revenir de sa chasse avec une gueule distendue par les provisions. Capa en ricane, il n'a pas pensé pouvoir s'attacher à un animal de cette façon. Il se rappelle sa stupéfaction en voyant la créature avaler tout ce qu'elle trouvait et stocker ça dans ses bas-joues... - Corazon me manque. » - C'est normal. Elle a fait partie de notre quotidien pendant un moment. Mais t'en fais pas, elle a survécu jusque-là, non ? Elle doit être en train de saccager un vieux garde-manger dans un coin. » L'idée le fait sourire, Corazon a connu cet endroit hostile depuis sa naissance, alors oui, elle doit pouvoir se débrouiller sans eux. Ils restent tous les deux l'un à côté de l'autre pendant un moment, sans se regarder, sans même se parler, les pouces de Mace continuent d'alléger la douleur de ses paumes, le mouvement lent et circulaire le détend et soudainement il soupire de bienêtre. Mace n'a peut-être pas cette voix basse et chaud quand il lui parle, il ne bouge peut-être pas sa nuque et sa tête de la même façon qu'avec Sam, tout simplement parce qu'il était un homme... Ça ne voulait pas dire que l'ingénieur se fichait de lui, bien au contraire. Tout à coup il se demande ce qu'aurait été sa vie si il était né fille, l'idée lui brise le cœur car il sait ce que ça impliquerait... - Sam est belle, certainement la plus belle femme que je n'ai jamais rencontré. Mais cesse de t'inquiéter, elle et moi, on a vécu quelque chose de similaire, je la comprends et elle me comprend, tous les gestes que j'ai envers elle ne sont qu'amicaux et ne changeront jamais. Ok ? » Il voudrait croire ce que dit le brun à la coupe militaire mais il n'y arrive pas, il a toujours peur d'être délaissé pour mieux, ou plutôt ce qu'il croit mieux. Il ignore d'où viennent ses craintes, mais ça ne va pas en s'arrangeant, Roby aimerait avoir la maitrise de son camarade mais depuis qu'il est attiré vers l'ingénieur comme un électron est lié à un atome, force est de constater qu'il n'a plus de prise sur rien. Précautionneusement, il se rapproche du militaire car il ignore si il sera le bienvenu, comme le bras se tend, il prend place contre le torse de Mace en soupirant de lassitude. Il a retrouvé son ami, il a retrouvé le Mace qu'il a aimé et avec lequel il a parcouru le continent, mais il ne se sent pas heureux pour autant. Il sait quels genres de problèmes ça pose au mécanicien et rien que pour ça, Capa s'en veut. - Que dois-je faire ? » - Prend le problème d'un nouvel angle. » - J'ai déjà essayé. » - Et moi j'ai confiance, tu vas y arriver. » Après avoir pris le repos qu'il méritait entre les bras du militaire, il est fin prêt à retourner travailler, il est étonné de voir que Mace ne le laisse pas partir avant d'avoir embrassé ses lèvres et c'est avec un sourire un peu brouillon qu'il retourne dans ses spéculations. Après avoir tourné en rond durant deux heures, il doit lever le nez de ses conclusions car il n'a pas réellement la tête à ce qu'il fait. Bien que sachant le pourquoi du comment le fait de penser à Mace pendant son boulot l'horrifie quelque peu, il a peur que ce qu'il ressent pour son camarade parasite son intelligence. Jusqu'à aujourd'hui il n'a pas eu à faire face à ce genre de phénomène, il n'en connait donc rien. Mais il est évident qu'il doit faire quelque chose car il n'avancera pas si il pense à Mace sans cesse ! Lorsque la porte du sas s'ouvre, il n'est pas si content que ça de voir celui qui s'approprie son cerveau, pénétrer son sanctuaire comme s'il lui appartenait. - J'ai ramené à manger et du café ! » - C'est pas le moment… » - Qu'est-ce qui t'arrive, encore ?! » - J'arrive pas à me concentrer puisque je ne pense qu'à toi, je fais n'importe quoi depuis toute à l'heure ! Je tourne en rond parce que je vois pas le rapport entre toutes ces lettres et que mon esprit te demande toutes les cinq secondes. Ça m'énerve quand tu n'es pas là, mais c'est pire encore quand tu es là ! » C'est la panique à bord, le petit génie fait de grands mouvements avec ses bras, il semble se noyer dans ses pensées et avec le génie dont il est affublé ça doit être plutôt intense. Mace dépose son plateau sur un pan de bureau inoccupé puis vient cueillir ce petit bout d'homme dont il est tombé amoureux. C'est la première fois qu'il fait un rapprochement entre Lindsay et Capa, car son ex aussi avait tendance à se perdre dans des pensées qu'il avait volontiers qualifié d'absurdes en se moquant gentiment d'elle. Pour Mace les choses étaient aisées, si un plus un faisait deux, pourquoi donc essayer de démontrer que ça pouvait faire huit ? C'était peut-être un raisonnement bête dans le sens où il prenait pour acquis tout ce qu'on lui disait, mais ça n'avait jamais été dans son for intérieur que de remettre tout en question. - Calmé ? » - Oui. Je voudrais que tu sois tout le temps-là, je voudrais jamais quitter tes bras et en même temps tu me tapes sur les nerfs parce que tu es définitivement trop présent ! » - Je m'en vais ? » - Non ! » La main qui s'est saisi de son t-shirt tremble puis le relâche promptement, si il n'est pas encore en accord avec son possible changement de sexualité, pour son confrère la lutte est toute autre, il ne peut qu'imaginer ce qui se passe dans la tête du petit génie car il n'y est pas et ne souhaite pas vraiment y aller ! Il aimerait vraiment faire quelque chose pour Capa, mais il marche sur des œufs, si il s'imposait le petit génie fuyait, si il lui donnait du leste l'autre se mettait martel en tête qu'il préférait Sam... Trouver un semblant de stabilité est coton ! - Quand tu m'as demandé ce qui avait changé ma façon de vivre et que j'ai répondu que c'était toi, j'imaginais pas que ça me changerait autant. C'est flippant, je ne suis plus maitre de quoi que ce soit, pas même de mes pensées ! Je veux pas te repousser, mais je n'ai que ça… Comment concilier ce que je suis et ce que tu m'apportes ? » Il n'a pas la réponse à cette question, visiblement leur relation ne met pas à mal que sa petite personne, il serait pourtant dommage de tourner le dos à ce qu'ils pourraient partager juste à cause de ce que ça pourrait changer en eux, d'une peur absurde et infondée. Ce changement n'a peut-être rien de négatif, pourquoi le serait-il ? Il aime Capa comme il a aimé Lindsay, il ne devrait donc pas tergiverser de cette manière. Ça faisait deux jours sinon trois qu'ils en restaient qu'au strict minimum, il était temps de dépasser ce genre de peur idiote et d'avancer vers l'inconnu. - Tu me fais confiance ? » - Heu... oui ? Pourquoi ? » Mace sourit, il attrape la feuille que tient le physicien puis la jette sur le sol sans égard pour ce qu'il y a dessus. Le physicien surélève un sourcil questionnant du regard son vis-à-vis qui semble changé. Il jurerait qu'il n'a jamais vu le bleu de Mace pétiller de la sorte. Lorsque le contact se fait enfin, Mace s'est avancé d'un pas rapide et presque animal, son bras gauche se referme en dessus de la chute de ses reins, Capa fronce les sourcils ne comprenant toujours pas ce qui se trame. Il ne peut stopper une sorte de son aigu sortir de ses cordes vocales lorsque le bras se bande le soulevant de terre comme si il ne pesait rien du tout. Mace est silencieux, ses yeux viennent de quitter les siens car son bras droit fait place sur le bureau derrière lui et que toutes ses feuilles virevoltent dans les airs jusqu'au sol. Il hurlerait bien car malgré le bordel c'était plus ou moins rangé suivant ses loupés. Plongé dans la confusion la plus totale le physicien se saisit de l'épaule de Mace car il ne touche plus vraiment terre et n'a pas totalement confiance en sa stabilité. Après s'être assuré qu'il ne restait rien de dangereux, son genou droit glisse entre les jambes de Robert qui frissonne puis d'un mouvement aguerri il dépose le fessier de son compagnon sur la surface en acier du meuble. Les lèvres de Capa bougent, mais il n'a pas le temps de parler car la main droite du Mace le pousse au niveau de ses pectoraux et bientôt son dos entre en contact avec la matière froide. Le regard incompréhensif que lui jette le brun est mignon à tel point qu'il sourit tendrement. Son bras droit prend appui aux côtés de Capa et il grimpe sur la structure de métal déposant ses genoux de chaque côté des hanches du jeune homme qui le fixe comme une carpe sortie de l'eau. Il y a vraiment des choses que pour un génie, Capa est plutôt lent à déchiffrer. Il se saisit de ses mains fines qu'il emprisonne au dessus du visage de l'angelot tandis qu'il soutient son poids de son bras gauche se baissant lentement vers le corps en dessous de lui. Lorsqu'il capture les lèvres du physicien, il croit discerner dans cet océan bleu interrogatif une pointe de réalisation et quand sa victime se rebiffe, il entend les mots qu'il a exactement imaginés sortir de la bouche du brun. - Sérieux ? Ici ? Non… pas ici… j'ai encore du travail et si… et si Sam entrait ?! Tu te rends comptes ! » - Chut. Panique pas, elle va pas venir ici. Garde tes mains ici. » - Mace tu sais très bien que… oh mon dieu ! » Comme il l'a imaginé, son compagnon a fermé les yeux lorsque ses mains se sont saisies de son T-shirt et qu'il l'a tiré vers le haut afin de s'en défaire. Le vêtement est jeté derrière lui avec autant d'attention qu'il en a eu pour les feuilles de tantôt. Le brun aux cheveux longs garde les yeux obstinément fermés, il n'a pas bougé d'un pouce depuis qu'il s'est redressé pour se déshabiller, qu'importe... Mace se baisse à nouveau vers le physicien s'emparant de ses lèvres tandis que ses mains et ses doigts glissent maintenant sous le haut de Capa qui se tend brusquement. Il n'a pas imaginé la suite, ça c'est sûr ! Lorsque le jeune homme le gifle, il ne comprend pas vraiment pourquoi, c'est en voyant le brun remettre en ordre ses vêtements tout en mettant de la distance entre eux qu'il comprend le pourquoi du comment. Le regard bleu est hanté, il est à l'affut, regardant à droite et à gauche frénétiquement, Mace n'existe plus pendant un instant. Le militaire soupire, avec douceur il se saisit du visage de Roby afin qu'il pose son regard sur sa personne. Le regard se fige enfin revenant à l'instant présent, Capa est désolé de ce qu'il vient de faire, c'est certainement sorti tout seul. - Je… » - Je sais. Tu veux que je te laisse ? » - Non ! Je sais… plus... je... Je sais pas pourquoi j'ai vu Harvey tout à coup. » - Normal. » - Tu n'es pas lui, je sais que tu ne me traiteras pas comme lui, mais… » - C'est normal Capa. C'était le premier, tu n'as aucune idée de ce que c'est réellement, tout ce que tu connais c'est ce qu'il t'a fait subir, c'est tout à fait normal que tu aies peur que ça en revienne au même avec moi. Surtout que j'ai jamais touché un homme de ma vie et je dois manquer cruellement de… bases à ce niveau. » C'est certainement une tentative ratée, Mace prend appui sur son bras droit puis saute en arrière retournant sur le plancher des vaches, il ne va pas continuer, pas cette fois. Il n'allait pas non plus s'en aller, c'était mal le connaitre car il glisse entre les jambes de Capa et l'attire contre son torse pour un simple câlin. Roby lui a avoué que ça n'avait jamais été sa tasse de thé, mais il ne refusait jamais ses bras, il venait même s'y perdre de sa propre volonté. - C'est si bien que ça ? » - C'est pas le sexe en lui-même qui est bien Capa, c'est le fait de le partager avec quelqu'un qu'on apprécie... qu'on aime ? Le problème c'est que tu regardes ça scientifiquement, regarde le sujet différemment. » - Comment ? » - Est-ce qu'on peut quantifier l'art et la musique scientifiquement ? » - La musique, oui. » - Ok... et l'art ? » - Non. Enfin sauf si tu parles de perspectives et de... » - Pourquoi tu aimes un fruit et pas un autre ? Pourquoi tu aimes un son et pas un autre ? Tout n'est pas qu'une affaire de sciences, il y a juste des choses qui nous touchent et d'autres non. Si tu essayes de les décortiquer scientifiquement tu loupes la saveur de l'instant, tu rates quelques chose, forcément car tu donnes ton intérêt à autre chose qui en fait n'est ni le sujet, ni le noyau principal. La prochaine fois que tu concèdes à essayer, que ça ne soit pas à cause d'une curiosité scientifique mal placée, fais-le simplement pour le plaisir que ça procure, tu verras ça changera pas mal les choses. » Le sourire de Mace est doux, encore une fois il ne l'oblige pas, il ne le presse pas, le visage du militaire glisse contre le sien se contentant de ce qu'il a pour le moment. S'ils restent là à se regarder ça ne changera pas le problème, ça ne fera pas avancer leur histoire et jamais Robert ne saura si c'est là la vie dont il a besoin, c'est pourquoi il demande les lèvres du mécanicien et que serrant ses épaules il le tire avec lui en arrière. En quelque secondes l'homme a repris place là où il était avant, sans avoir rompu leur baiser. Sa voix contre son cou le fait frissonner, peut-être parce qu'il est prisonnier entre la chaleur diffuse de Mace et la froideur de l'acier. Réticent d'abord à ce que vient de lui demander le militaire, Capa partage son malaise avec son vis-à-vis dans un long regard. Il hait se sentir vulnérable face à Mace, mais il a bien compris que l'homme ne s'en formalise pas, qu'il se fiche qu'il soit un gamin paumé dans l'inconnu le plus total. Ça ne fait mal qu'à son égo, un petit génie qui n'avait jamais rien eu à apprendre des autres, qui s'était fait seul, qui avait fini premier de sa promo en face de tous ces adultes, apprenait maintenant que tout ça ne faisait pas de lui un homme, loin de là. - Ça va bien se passer, promis. » Le bleu disparait derrière ce nuage d'écume rehaussé de charbon qui le fascine à chaque fois. Ça ne change rien au fait que le petit génie n'est pas totalement en confiance et qu'il a peur mais au moins il est à nouveau calme. Après s'être assuré que le brun s'est enfin abandonné à lui, Mace l'attire au bord du bureau puis en descend. C'est un peu comme un quitte ou double, il le sait très bien mais si il doit faire machine arrière autant que ce soit pour une vraie raison ! Capa n'a pas le temps de le questionner sur ce qu'il fait qu'il est déjà à genou entre les jambes du physicien. Lorsque sa main défait la fermeture éclair du pantalon il sent Capa bouger nerveusement, l'autre n'est pas idiot et doit savoir ce qu'il s'apprête à faire. Peut-être même que Roby comprend réellement l'enjeu qui va se dérouler maintenant. Il a déjà utilisé un bureau avec une fille, il note rapidement que c'est moins pratique avec un homme et doit faire quelques réajustements afin d'être au bon endroit, bien heureusement pour lui Capa est un poids plume qu'il peut manipuler facilement. S'empêchant de penser à ce qu'il va faire, Mace passe directement à l'action pour ne pas se défiler et lorsqu'il a fait place nette ses lèvres s'emparent du membre léthargique. Sous le contact, il sent le corps du petit génie se tendre, ses jambes ont bougé imperceptiblement, il l'entend laisser filer un son de surprise et il l'imagine allongé sur ce bureau, le visage rougissant en train de mordre son poing pour ne pas laisser échapper un gémissement trop sonore et cette image lui parle, à tel point que son corps entier en est chamboulé. Mace a du mal à faire le point entre les informations qui viennent du corps de son amant et la coordination de ses propres mouvements qu'il trouve encore trop étrangers pour être efficaces, pourtant il ne faut pas longtemps pour que le membre gonfle entre ses lèvres. La respiration de Robert est profonde, de temps en temps ses hanches se soulèvent de la table rencontrant son mouvement descendant et le militaire le gratifie d'un mouvement de langue un peu plus ambitieux. Ce n'est pas tant ce qu'il fait avec ses mains, ses lèvres ou sa langue qui déclenche quelque chose au creux de son corps, mais la respiration de plus en plus saccadée du physicien, la façon dont il écarte les cuisses et la façon dont son dos se cambre sur la surface du bureau, la façon dont il se donne à lui sans aucune retenue. La table vibre lorsque le bras anciennement prisonnier des lèvres de son amant retombe dans le vide frappant la structure en métal. Mace sait qu'il a trouvé le bon rythme et la bonne pression, car son nom est prononcé d'une façon qu'aucun autre homme ne pourra le faire. Ça ne le rebute pas, bien au contraire, le fait d'entendre le plaisir dans la voix du petit génie est plutôt plaisant, ça lui donne même un peu plus confiance en ce qu'il fait. La voix saccadée ne sait plus s'arrêter et si jamais Sam ne savait pas ce qu'ils font, elle doit maintenant entendre Capa qu'importe où elle se trouve car il n'est pas discret pour deux sous, mais ça ne lui fait ni chaud, ni froid. Bien au contraire il augmente la vitesse de ses mouvements et prend Capa plus profondément au creux de sa gorge lorsque les hanches se soulèvent frénétiquement. Le petit génie est perdu, il n'arrive plus à articuler correctement. Mace sait, mais il ne s'arrêtera pas avant que son compagnon jouisse et c'est quelques va-et-vient plus tard que le petit génie se cambre soudainement, le corps traversé par des spasmes incontrôlables, le cri qui sort de ses cordes vocales ressemble à son nom mais Mace n'en est pas certain car il y a ce gout étrangement salé et musqué qui remplit sa bouche. Ça n'a franchement rien de très agréable, d'ailleurs il fronce les sourcils mais il ne fera pas l'affront au physicien de s'arrêter maintenant. Comme il l'avait fait avec la mixture infâme que son paternel avait osé appeler purée, Mace avale et se pose pas plus de question. Lorsqu'il a terminé et qu'il dépose un baiser sur le bas ventre de son compagnon, il est étonné de voir qu'il a pris un certain plaisir à faire ce qu'il a fait, bien entendu ce n'est pas ça qui l'a fait jouir, mais ça il s'y attendait un peu. Cela dit il ne peut pas cacher que son corps a apprécié, suffit de sentir l'inconfort donc il est victime dans son propre pantalon. Le petit génie ne parle pas, ne bouge même pas, sa tête pend le long du bureau observant le grand écran en face d'eux. Pendant un moment il a l'impression que son amant n'est plus dans la pièce et ça l'effraie un peu car i ne sait pas comment le prendre. Ses mains tremblent d'appréhension, de son côté l'ingénieur sait maintenant où il est et où il va, il n'a donc plus aucun doute en ce qui concerne sa relation avec le physicien, mais il n'a pas encore la réponse de Capa... Il se redresse, son cœur battant fort au creux de sa poitrine, car les prochaines secondes vont certainement sceller pour de bon leur relation. - Ocytocine et dopamine… » Pan ! Le revoilà parti dans ses histoires d'hormones ! Mace a envie de frapper son crâne contre le bureau, mais le soudain mouvement du petit génie l'alerte, s'il n'avait pas été prompt à le rattraper, Capa se serait certainement vautré par terre en moins de deux et la tête la première. - Tu es un génie ! » Quoi, lui ? Là pour le coup, il ne comprend rien à ce que raconte son amant. Il papillonne des yeux, attendant une explication sur cette phrase sortie de nulle part. Il s'attendait plutôt à une discussion sur ce qui venait de se passer dans cette pièce, à une décision de la part de Capa, mais pas à... ça... d'ailleurs, c'était quoi ce bordel ? - Ce n'est pas du cunéiforme, enfin pas vraiment ! Ce sont des segments de réactions chimiques ! Pourquoi ça ne m'a pas sauté aux yeux, avant ! » - Tu... m'expliques ? » - C'est le propre de l'humain, il répond à des besoins et des envies, il est guidé par ses hormones, comme tout animal, le plaisir, l'envie, l'amour, la colère, la frustration, la peur tout se traduit par un état hormonal. Le cunéiforme a été utilisé pour faire des listes d'objets mais là, cette partie-là, c'est le dessin de la molécule d'ocytocine ! Il manque des valeurs, combien tu paries que ceux qui ont laissé ça là, voulaient qu'on termine le puzzle ! Bordel, je t'aime ! » Le baiser qui s'en suit le plonge pour de bon dans l'incompréhension la plus totale, mais lorsqu'il voit son amant se rhabiller convenablement et retourner vers l'écran principal il sait qu'il est désormais de trop. Mace se sentirait bien dépité par la tournure des évènements mais même si ça venait d'un cerveau en surchauffe il n'a pas imaginé le \"je t'aime\" qui lui a été avoué. Ce n'est peut-être pas le meilleur moment postcoïtal qu'il aura vécu, mais ce n'était certainement pas le pire, bien loin de là ! De bonne humeur, car il a tout de même la réponse à son interrogation, il quitte le fief du physicien pour s'en retourner vers ses quartiers, il doit s'occuper de lui-même… seul… et cette évidence le fait soupirer.[Chapter 11] Daeamon, merci à nouveau pour ta review, ça fait hyper plaisir ! J'essaye de donner le plus de visuel à cette fic car justement c'est le sens le plus utilisé dans le film : toutes ces scènes de simple contemplation du soleil... je voulais garder l'esprit du film et le mysticisme, content qu'il soit perçu par le lecteur. Pour leur relation j'aime bien poser les pierres l'une après l'autre surtout avec le handicape de Capa, aller plus vite le mettrait OOC directement. En tout cas merci pour ces commentaires motivants ! Another Earth 11 Mace est endormi à poing fermé lorsqu'une présence saute sur son lit, le militaire qu'il est, réagi rapidement glissant la nuque de son agresseur entre ses deux jambes pour éliminer directement le souci, ou lui briser l'épaule pour le faire parler, il est opérationnel bien avant son cerveau c'est un fait car la personne qu'il malmène n'est autre que Capa qui l'observe avec de grands yeux médusés. Le brun a un mouvement surpris puis relâche sa proie sans demander son reste. Il a l'habitude que le physicien recherche sa présence dans la journée, mais pas dans la nuit en tout cas jamais jusqu'alors... Il ne s'était pas du tout attendu à ce genre de choses ! - Je rêve ou tu as failli me tuer ? » - Ne me prends jamais par surprise, j'aurais pu te briser les vertèbres, t'es malade de me réveiller comme ça ! » - Je savais pas que ton corps en auto-pilote était une arme de destruction massive, je m'en souviendrais par contre ! » Capa fait un mouvement d'épaule pour relaxer son muscle abusé, le mécanicien se rend compte à quel point il est fragile, à quel point il a été proche de tuer le chevelu sans même le vouloir. Il s'était habitué à régir sans vraiment penser car lorsqu'il avait servi avec Kaneda, il avait dû faire face à des situations dangereuses et tendues où l'on pouvait perdre la vie quand on relâchait ses efforts et sa vigilance. Cette habitude et aptitude n'était jamais partie et pour dire vrai, le militaire n'avait jamais trouvé ça gênant puisque célibataire de longue date car il n'avait jamais penser à se recaser depuis la mort tragique de son ex. Son sang se glace, il a peur pour la sécurité de son ami ou plus que ça d'ailleurs. Il n'arrive pas encore à accepter un terme plus intime car ça ne s'était jamais accordé au masculin, mais il ne doute pas y arriver un jour. Sa main vient se caler contre la nuque du physicien pour surveiller si il ne lui a pas fait mal. - Tu voulais quoi ? » - J'ai fini ! Grâce à toi d'ailleurs... et je me disais que… enfin tout à l'heure… enfin tu comprends, non ? » - Capa… je sais pas quelle heure il est, j'ai la tête dans le cul soit plus précis... » Après s'être assuré que son compagnon n'a pas de bobo, le militaire se laisse tomber sur son matelas ; il est fatigué de n'avoir rien fait de sa journée, il ne s'imaginait pas aussi faignant que ça. La paresse s'installait vite, du mécano toujours en train de vérifier et de bidouiller quelque chose sur Icarus II, il est devenu un homme beaucoup moins plébiscité qui se laisse porter par l'oisiveté, un vice qu'il n'avait pas encore gouté de sa vie. Il baille essayant de garder les yeux ouverts mais ça n'est pas très concluant, aussi il est obligé de se redresser pour ne pas retourner se blottir dans les bras de Morphée. Capa ne l'a pas éclairé au sujet de ce qu'il vient de dire, il semble hésiter à lui parler et dans l'état où il est, c'est à dire encore groggy de son court sommeil, il ne saisit pas d'où vient la gêne de son compagnon il presse donc le jeune homme à parler. - Alors ? » - Ça a été du sens unique toute à l'heure et après j'ai été absorbé par la réalisation de ce que j'avais sous le nez. Je me disais que tu aurais envie qu'on… je sais pas… que je... tu vois ! » Il s'agissait donc de ça, le problème avait été réglé et oublié, il n'en voulait pas à Capa pour ce qui s'était passé tantôt. Attrapant le jeune homme par les épaules, il l'emmène dans sa chute entre les draps car il a envie de se rendormir et puisque le physicien s'était invité dans son lit, il n'allait pas le laisser repartir dans sa chambre. Ça faisait très longtemps qu'il n'avait mis personne dans son lit, beaucoup trop longtemps, rien que dormir blottit contre Capa serait une bénédicité. - C'est pas grave. J'ai bien compris que c'était pas parce que tu ne le voulais pas. » - J'aurais dû… » - Une autre fois, hey, on est pas pressé, il y aura une prochaine fois. » Mace bâille nonchalamment, il serre un peu plus le corps du petit génie qui réagit d'inconfort face à la poigne de l'ingénieur qui frotte silencieusement son menton dans le creux de sa nuque en irritant sa peau tendre de sa barbe du soir. - Un peu plus d'endorphine te ferait pas de mal, tu sais ça ? » - Je sais, je me fais chier comme un rat mort ici. » Lorsqu'il se retourne pour replonger dans le sommeil qui lui avait été enlevé, le cerveau du militaire comprend qu'il vient de refuser la proposition sous-entendue du petit génie car l'endorphine n'est pas simplement secrétée lors des séances sportives qu'il ne connait que trop bien, en même temps la fatigue l'empêche de savourer l'idée d'une séance de sport en chambre pour le moment. Cela dit, il n'a pas envie que le brun se mette martèle en tête, aussi il se retourne bravant sa fatigue pour observer son amant parti dans ses pensées en soupirant. - C'était une invitation, c'est ça ? J'ai merdé, hein ? » - Oui. » - Soit un peu moins subtil quand tu me sors du sommeil, tu veux bien. Aller vient, va falloir réveiller la machine si tu veux qu'elle marche correctement. » - J'ai plus envie. » Quoi ?! Il s'était plaint des filles mais le physicien n'était pas vraiment mieux à ce niveau, Mace sent qu'il va en baver avec ce gringalet mais ça ne l'effraie pas. Il surélève un sourcil questionne du regard son vis-à-vis qui s'est assis et bouge sur son séant comme un bilboquet en serrant ses jambes contre son torse. Il y a quelque chose dans ce regard qu'il devrait comprendre mais il n'y parvient pas. - Sûr ? » - Parle-moi d'elle. » - Qui ça ? » - La femme dont tu as parlé avec Sam. » Lindsay ? Mace n'avait pas envie de parler de son ex avec Capa, c'était... à double tranchant. Il ne parlait jamais de son passé avec les personnes qui partageaient un peu de son temps présent, par respect et parce qu'il y a des choses qui doivent rester silence. - Pourquoi ? » - J'aimerais que tu parles de ce genre de choses avec moi, on partage pas grand-chose ensemble, et si c'est pas une histoire de sexe vu que pour lors y'en a pas vraiment eu, c'est quoi ? Quand j'y pense j'ai l'impression que tu es une sorte de grand frère incestueux, enfin, parce que j'ai une sorte d'instinct de préservation... Car en ce qui te concerne tu ressembles plus à un père pour moi qu'à un frère. » - Un père ? » Doit-il prendre ça au premier degré ? Que le compagnon avec qui il s'engage dans une relation sérieuse le prenne pour un père le laisse perplexe. Que veux réellement le physicien de lui ? Sont-ils sur la même longueur d'onde ? Il pensait avoir été clair sur ce qu'il souhaitait dans une relation de couple, mais peut-être ne l'a-t-il pas assez été ou que Roby ne l'avait pas pris pour lui. Capa se mord la lèvre inférieure baissant le crâne semble-t-il honteux de ce qu'il vient de dire et tout à coup les pensées les plus tordues passent par le crâne du militaire qui n'en croit pas ses yeux ni ses oreilles ! - Frère incestueux c'est… mieux on va dire ! Même si bordel je me vois pas faire ça avec l'un de mes frangin. Tu as de drôles de fantasmes… dis donc ! » Le fait que son compagnon s'intéresse à ses propres doigts le conforte dans cette idée, ne disait-on pas que ceux qui en parlaient le moins étaient les pires pervers ? Ça avait été le cas avec son adjudant qui n'avait jamais pipé mot lorsque le sujet avait été abordé le soir sur un camp et qu'il avait trouvé derrière un bosquet lors d'une permission d'un mois avec deux jumelles rousses dans des pratiques qu'il n'aurait jamais suspecté de la part de ce gars à première vue coincé et timide. - C'est ta faute, jamais j'aurais pensé à ce genre de... choses avant de t'avoir ramené à la vie. » - Parle m'en et je te raconte tout sur Lindsay. » - Pourquoi je dois commencer ? » - Honneur aux dames ! » - Enfoiré. » La petite moue renfrognée est affriolante, il a perdu pour de bon l'occasion de finir sa nuit alors il a bien le droit d'embêter un peu le visage d'ange qui lui fait face. Capa le surprend en lui filant une claque, le physicien plisse les paupières dévoilant derrière son regard bleu et angélique une tempête de colère et de rancune qui ne dure cependant pas. L'autre croise les jambes puis considère le mur opposé afin de clore tout contact visuel. Le silence qui s'en suit est un peu inquiétant et lorsque Mace pense devoir sauver les meubles en reprenant la parole, le petit génie se met enfin à se confier. - Je tiens à dire que les hormones et tes phéromones sont en grandes parties responsables de ça, que tu ne me prennes pas pour ce que je ne suis pas… Mace, tu incarnes l'homme fort et fougueux, tu incarnes l'homme protecteur et paternel ! Et moi… Enfin, en résumé tu es l'éraste et je suis l'éromen. » Nota Bene, il va falloir qu'il augmente drastiquement ses connaissances générales pour suivre le petit génie dans ses explications car il ignore tout de ces deux termes, ce qui exaspère d'ailleurs son vis-à-vis lorsqu'il se retourne à cause de son manque de réaction. Capa lève les yeux au ciel en pestant intérieurement. - Dans la Grèce antique, les professeurs des enfants de bonne famille ne faisaient pas qu'apprendre la philosophie à leurs élèves, si tu comprends maintenant de quoi je parle ! » - Là, oui. J'ai pas ton savoir, parle-moi comme si j'étais le dernier des imbéciles et ça ne se reproduira pas. Alors tu veux que je sois ton instructeur, c'est mignon à souhait. » Le regard bleu s'agrandit puis se rétracte tandis que Robert croise les bras dans la défensive. - Je t'en prie ! » - Je ne dis que la vérité, sache que je maitrise pas ce versant du sujet comme il se le doit, cependant je ferais de mon mieux. » Son baiser est évité avec soin, Mace soupire comprenant ce que le petit brun veut maintenant. - J'ai rencontré Lindsay au lycée, c'était la transférée de milieu de semestre. Elle connaissait personne et tout le monde la méprisait car elle venait d'un patelin paumé de l'Indiana. Moi j'étais le chef de l'équipe de… » - Laisse-moi deviner, quaterback de l'équipe de foot ? » Mace ricane en observant Capa qui semble certain de ce qu'il vient d'avancer. - C'est un fantasme ça aussi ? Parce que je te préviens j'y connais rien en foot. J'étais dans le club de lutte, désolé de briser tes rêves de pompon girl frétillante. » Son amant lui lance un regard courroucé et rapidement il se saisit de l'oreiller pour l'abattre sur le visage du militaire qui le cherche depuis toute à l'heure. Il fait de son mieux pour ne pas se vexer, mais ça devient pénible ! - Enfin elle est venue voir un match avec une de ses camarades et j'ai perdu mon duel parce que j'arrivais pas à ôter mes yeux d'elle. On est sorti ensemble parce qu'elle a bien voulu offrir une chance à cet idiot qui bégayait comme un crétin et puis voilà… On est resté quatre ans ensemble, elle a été ma cavalière au bal de promo. Je voulais la demander en mariage, nous trouver une maison parce que je l'avais fichu enceinte et que son père était un puritain qui m'aurait mis une balle dans le crâne sans aucun remord... mais aussi parce que j'étais dingue d'elle. Elle s'est faite tuer lors d'une émeute au moment même où j'étais en train de choisir les alliances... » - Enceinte, tu allais avoir un enfant d'elle ? » - Hum et y'a pas un jour où j'imagine pas quel genre de père j'aurais pu être pour cet enfant. Fille ou garçon ça n'était même pas ma première préoccupation, je voulais juste être meilleur père que le mien. Lorsqu'elle est morte, j'ai eu un passage à vide, j'ai bu, j'ai suivi mes frères dans des magouilles et au final on s'est fait choppé. J'ai eu le choix à cause de mon casier vierge : prison ou armée. Je me suis engagé, j'ai renoué avec les études, j'ai passé mon diplôme en mécanique et je suis parti à travers le monde aux côtés de Kaneda à chaque début d'émeute comme pour effacer le fait que je n'avais pas été là pour celle qui comptait le plus à mes yeux. Le reste a suivi normalement, j'ai intégré le staff d'Icarus pour sauver les gens. » - Tu allais être père… » - Ça change rien entre toi et moi. » - Je pourrais pas te donner d'enfant, Mace. » - Et ? Ça ne change pas le fait que tu peux m'aimer autant que Lindsay, peut-être plus d'ailleurs. » - Je sais pas, j'ai l'impression de te détourner de ce qui te convient. » - Ce qui me convient c'est aimer et être aimé en retour, tu m'entends ? Ce dont j'ai besoin c'est d'être sûr qu'on est sur la même longueur d'onde. On l'est ? » Capa incline le visage plongeant son regard bleu dans le sien. Il prend le temps pour réfléchir à ce qu'il va dire, à se concerter lui-même. Il est temps que Roby prenne sa décision car lui l'a prise et ne reviendra pas dessus. - De l'amour tu l'as déjà de moi, ce qui me fait peur c'est de ne pas aimer le sexe de la même manière que toi. Ce qui me fait peur c'est de fuir à la première difficulté... De ne pas savoir être... un.. bon amant ? » - Capa c'est des problèmes qu'on réglera ensemble ultérieurement, y'a des gens qui ne vivent que d'amour et d'eau fraîche, tu sais, si tu aimes pas le sexe, j'ai toujours ma main droite, t'en fais pas, elle sait très bien gérer mes affaires. Quand aux côtés relationnels, crois pas que je sois facile à vivre ; il y aura des disputes, des réconciliations, des moments où on aura envie de se fiche des claques, mais si notre vie devient un long fleuve tranquille c'est là qu'il faudra se poser des questions. Et si ça peut te rassurer une fois à moi, tu partiras nulle part sans une raison en béton. » Un sourire flotte sur les lèvres charnues de son amant, il n'a définitivement plus l'envie de dormir, ce qu'il veut c'est attirer ce jeune homme dans ses bras et lui faire un câlin. Quand son amant est enfin contre son torse, son bras gauche glisse derrière sa nuque, l'empêchant de re-sombrer dans le sommeil. Capa glisse une jambe sur ses cuisses se lovant contre lui et s'appropriant ce qui est sien, le faisant prisonnier de ses bras. Il veut profiter de l'instant présent car Mace est bien placé pour savoir que les choses ne duraient malheureusement pas. - Alors, qu'as-tu trouvé ? » - Je désespérais que tu me le demandes ! Lorsqu'on remplit les graphes manquants c'est une carte qui se dessine. » - De ? » - Des étoiles. Toutes les molécules d'oxygènes sont des étoiles. Ça nous donne un plan pour rentrer à la maison. » - A la maison, hein ? C'est étrange durant ma mort j'ai rêvé d'un grand œil de feu me disant de rentrer à la maison que quelqu'un m'y attendait, je crois qu'il parlait de toi. » - Une planète pour nous deux… certains diraient que c'est romantique... je crois. » - Il y en aura peut-être d'autres… comme nous. Des jolies pépètes ! » Le regard de biais que lui lance son compagnon est risible, n'a-t-il pas compris qu'il plaisante ? Si, car le bleu s'illumine tandis que le brun lève un indexe moralisateur. - Pas de pépètes pour toi, à moins que j'ai envie de regarder… » - Ah ouais ? » - Ouais. Ça me dérangerait pas... si je regarde ! » - T'es franchement un drôle de numéro ! Question peut-on être jaloux comme toi et regarder son homme coucher avec quelqu'un d'autre ? » - Si ça te fait plaisir autant qu'à moi. » Mace prend le temps d'y songer, il n'a jamais été de ce coté là du sexe, certainement parce qu'aucune de ses conquêtes n'en avait exprimé le souhait, si ça pouvait plaire à Capa il n'avait aucune objection à cela. Pour lors ils n'y étaient pas et tant qu'ils n'auraient pas essayé il ne prendrait pas cette proposition comme envisageable. Avant de se lancer sur ce sentier sinueux le physicien devait apprendre bien des choses. Le militaire lui envoie un sourire tandis qu'il glisse au dessus du petit génie séparant ses jambes afin de glisser entre elles. Il est étonné lorsque le bleu le toise ardemment et qu'un mollet se pose sur ses fesses l'attirant plus près du physicien qu'il embrasse chastement. - Et bien si il y a une jolie poulette et qu'on a envie de pimenter notre vie de couple, pourquoi pas. » - Vie de couple… Ça fait bizarre, je pensais rester seul toute ma vie. » - C'est fini ça, mon bel éromen, je serais votre dévoué instructeur ad vitam aeternam. » - Tu sais un éromen étudiait avec son professeur jusqu'à ce qu'il lui pousse de la barbe au menton. » - Tu es imberbe, justement. » - C'est faux ! J'ai de la barbe. » - Où ça ? » - Là ! » Le doigt de Capa glisse sur sa joue et Mace doit s'approcher de plus près pour voir en effet quelques poils bruns glisser depuis ses tempes vers sa mâchoire. Si ça c'est de la barbe il se fait moine ! - Ça… c'est du duvet très cher et c'est certainement pas au menton, laisse-toi pousser une vraie barbe et on en reparlera ! » Le physicien roule des yeux et lui tire la langue par la suite. Mace ne sait pas ce qu'il veut prouver ou se prouver à lui-même mais ça, il l'apprendra avec le temps ce qui importe maintenant c'est que le brun bascule son visage en arrière, dévoilant la ligne de sa gorge vers laquelle Mace est attiré comme un aimant. Ses lèvres viennent capturer la légère pomme d'Adam qui se montre et dont il ignorait l'existence, puis il remonte le long de la nuque pour venir mordre la peau sous l'oreille. Capa réagit l'attirant vers lui et glissant ses mains le long de son dos, sa jambe a un mouvement délicieux qui électrise le militaire, si ce n'est pas une invitation en bonne et due forme qu'il brûle dans les flammes de l'enfer. Il y a quelque chose d'incroyablement pur chez Robert, de sensuel et franchement magique qu'il mourrait pour lui sans hésitation. Mace s'apprête à ouvrir la braguette du petit génie mais le raclement d'une gorge se fait entendre dans l'intercom les interrompant soudainement. Mace a envie de l'incendier mais les paroles de Sam le laissent perplexe. - Je peux vous interrompre dans votre sujet hautement philosophique, ou avant que vous ne vous sautiez dessus ? J'ai trouvé un drôle de… d'animal... dans le tuyau d'aération. » Capa sursaute entre ses bras et le charme se rompt, le militaire n'impose pas de résistance lorsqu'il est repoussé, retombant sur son matelas en grommelant. Était-il condamné qu'à des essais se soldant à des échecs critiques ? Il soupire tandis que Robert se lève lui lançant un regard alerté. Corazon... oui il a pensé à la même chose. Roby s'élance hors de la chambre comme si Sam venait de leur avouer qu'elle avait trouvé un big mac… enfin c'est comme ça qu'il courrait si on lui annonçait un truc pareil ! Mace regarde son lit vide, imagine ce dont il aurait pu profiter puis se lève en maugréant, deux fois de suite c'était un peu trop dans une journée, il se promet que dès qu'ils en auront fini avec Corazon il amènera le physicien au moment qui venaient de leur échapper ! Il suit son amant d'un mouvement beaucoup plus décontracté. Il ignorait que Sam pouvait entendre tout ce qui se passait dans la base, mais vu qu'elle est une machine elle peut certainement se brancher à la base entière. Mace n'apprécie guère son intrusion dans leur intimité mais pour cette fois il lui pardonnera, juste cette fois ! - Il faut la sortir de là, oh mon dieu… » - Si on ouvre le système on va perdre de l'oxygène. » - Et si on ouvre pas elle va mourir de faim là-dedans. Mace dit quelque chose ! » Il n'a pas besoin de lever les yeux pour savoir qu'il s'agit bien de Corazon, la bestiole a dû les pister et prendre le seul chemin qui s'ouvrait à elle. Ils ont un jardin qui les alimente en oxygène alors ils peuvent ouvrir le système d'aération quelques minutes. - Ok. Ok… va chercher des noisettes et appelle-la. » - Mais… » A peine a-t-il dit ça, que Capa s'élance vers la zone de stockage des denrées, il profite de l'instant de solitude qu'il a pour s'approcher de Sam et la regarder droit dans les yeux car il sait ce qu'elle pense en ce moment même. - Deux minutes, ça ne nous tuera pas, même pas une seule suffira. Cette bestiole est certainement le seul enfant qu'on aura, alors un peu de laxisme, Sam. » - D'accord, soixante secondes pas une de plus ! » - Ça suffira. » Mace se permet un sourire, quand il avait pris Corazon cette fois-là c'était juste pour avoir un peu de compagnie attendrissante dans ce chaos, il avait appris que même dans le malheur et la misère la compagnie d'un animal pouvait faire certains miracles. Il l'avait pris autant pour lui que pour Robert. Le tamia n'était pas parti, il ignorait pourquoi, certainement parce qu'ils l'avaient nourri et toujours bien traité et puis c'était elle qui s'était approché d'eux dès le départ. Mace avait fini par l'apprécier et la considérer comme un membre de leur drôle de famille, il en était de même pour Capa qui avait vécu la séparation plus intensément encore alors il ne laisserait pas l'occasion passer de la récupérer ! Il est surpris de voir le tamia gambader dans le système d'aération comme un cobaye dans ses tubes en plastique. Corazon court dans tous les sens amusée par le courant d'air qui la pousse vers le traitement de CO2 autant dire que si elle arrive à cet endroit la créature se fera déchiqueter dans le compresseur. Le petit génie a dû battre le record des cent mètres, car il est déjà de retour avec un sac de fruits secs entre les mains, Mace n'a pas le temps d'objecter puisqu'il est tiré vers l'un des sas de maintenance par la main de son compagnon qui lui grimpe sur le dos puis sur les épaules en un rien de temps. Le le poids plume de son amant sur le dos, Mace se fait violence de garder leur duo debout et en bonne santé car le physicien n'arrête pas de bouger. - Remue pas comme ça ! » - Je voudrais bien te voir avec un énergumène debout sur les épaules, grouille-toi un peu ! » - La voilà, Corazon vient voir j'ai des bonnes noisettes pour toi. » Le tamia boude, de l'autre côté du cylindre Sam compte et son paquet ne cesse de remuer nerveusement lui pétant le dos par la même occasion. Oui, Capa n'est pas bien lourd mais là il fait son poids et le militaire peine à ne pas ployer. Qu'importe ce que fait ou dit Capa, Corazon n'a pas l'intention d'approcher. Il en a ras le bol de cette bestiole mal polie et emmerdeuse, lorsqu'il hurle le nom de cette dernière, elle sursaute puis court droit devant elle. Quand il entend Capa crier, il est déjà trop tard pour rattraper son erreur, il est déstabilisé par le mouvement arrière qu'a effectué son compagnon qui a d'ailleurs échappé le sachet de noisettes. Bien évidemment en faisant un pas arrière son pied nu se pose sur l'une de ces dernières et la douleur fait son méfait, Mace perd l'équilibre et chute à plat sur le dos en voulant protéger Robert, le physicien le suivant rapidement et écrasant sa tête à l'endroit le plus douloureux de sa personne. Accrochée sur le mur, Corazon semble se moquer d'eux, elle a empoché quelques noisettes, les a mis tous les deux KO et se balade dans son nouveau fief la queue en panache sans s'occuper outre mesure du chaos qu'elle a laissé derrière elle. Il la hait ![Chapter 12] Daeamon, merci à nouveau pour ta review. Robert Capa est bien évidemment un clin d'œil de la part de Danny Boyle à cet excellent photographe. Voilà certainement pourquoi le physicien a un regard différent des autres, comme caché derrière une lentille afin de mieux observer la magnificence du soleil sans éprouver la peur qu'il incarne chez les autres. Tout du moins c'est ce que j'en déduis quand je le vois observer son big bang à la fin du film comme un scientifique, aussi. Another Earth 12 Sam frappe dans ses mains essayant de taire le fou rire qui la prend en voyant le tableau glorieux que font deux des astronautes qui ont sauvé la Terre : mis au tapis par un petit animal de trois kilos maximum quelle prouesse ! - Bien, trente-huit secondes… Verrouillage du centre de maintenance B18 ! » La machine suit ses ordres refermant la paroi transparente tandis que Corazon s'est nichée dans un recoin de la pièce et dévore sa pitance comme si elle n'avait rien mangé depuis des jours. Ce qui peut être fort possible. - Sam… » - Hum ? » Il demanderait bien un sac de glace ou n'importe quoi pour endolorir la douleur mais lorsque son camarade se rend compte de l'endroit où il a atterri, Robert se redresse frénétiquement faisant manger son talon au militaire déjà mal en point. Si il veut l'achever hein... - Bordel, Roby… » - Désolé, oh mon dieu désolé. Je t'ai pas fait trop mal ? » - Non, appelle-moi mademoiselle ! » - Oh… oh mon dieu. Je t'aide à te relever. » - Surtout pas ! » Mace inspire profondément maintenant que le visage de son amant a quitté l'espace entre ses jambes, ses mains y glissent dans un geste idiot. Pas qu'il ait l'impression d'avoir perdu quelque chose vu la douleur qu'il ressent, il est certain que c'est toujours là, mais c'est un automatisme qu'il ne peut s'empêcher d'exécuter. L'homme se roule en boule oubliant Robert qui lui caresse l'épaule. Il a déjà été victime de ce genre de choses, mais là ce n'est définitivement pas un ballon de basket qui lui a échappé des mains, mais bel et bien le visage d'un mec qui s'est écrasé de tout son long. Il serait bien incapable de se lever pour le moment, là ce qu'il veut c'est fermer les yeux et attendre que ça aille mieux, au pire chialer comme une gonzesse si il n'arrive pas faire fi de la douleur ! La réaction première du petit génie démontre qu'il n'a pas eu à faire face à ce genre de supplice intenable. - Je fais quoi ? » - Tu restes à côté de lui, je vais chercher une poche de glace. » - Je suis désolé Mace. » - Pas ta faute, peux pas parler par contre… » - Désolé, je vais rester juste là et attendre. » Le poids sur son épaule est réconfortant, mais du coup le militaire n'a aucune envie de se laisser aller à pleurer un bon coup, il n'aime pas vraiment montrer ses faiblesses devant autrui, même si c'est son amant, il doit garer la tête haute. Encore plus parce que c'est son amant, d'ailleurs. Il cale sa tête en arrière contre le mur pendant qu'il reprend une respiration normale. - Voilà, poche de glace et serviette, y' plus qu'à le mettre à l'aise, moi je retourne dans le labo ! » Il est ben heureux lorsque son compagnon l'aide à s'installer confortablement puis le dégage de son pantalon trop serré, il en a déjà vu des pires que ça, enfin pas à cet endroit, il sait que ça peut être dangereux mais il n'a pas tourné de l'œil même si au moment de l'impact pendant une fraction de seconde son esprit a du se déconnecter à cause de l'accès de douleur, la poche de glace est par contre une bénédiction comme une panacée ultime qu'il en ronronnerait presque. Il bénit Sam car visiblement tout petit génie qu'il soit, ce n'est pas Capa qui aurait pensé à ce genre de choses ! - Ça va mieux ? » - T'en fais pas, on en meurt pas, ça c'est des contes pour enfants. Par contre ma fertilité peut en avoir pris un coup, l'cas de le dire… » Le physicien est tâtonnant lorsqu'il reprend la parole, il ne semble pas sûr de ce qu'il va dire, mais lorsque ses mots sortent enfin lui avouant qu'il n'aura pas besoin de ce genre de chose avec lui, Mace sourit. Qu'il soit maintenant privé de sperme fertile ne changera plus rien à sa vie, ça c'était avant : une femme, un bébé, une maison… aujourd'hui il s'engage avec un homme, un enfant n'est donc plus d'actualité. Ce n'est pas grave, il aimera toujours Lindsay et pensera toujours à cet enfant qui n'a pas pu naître, mais ce qui est important c'est l'instant présent, c'est ce gars dont il est tombé amoureux. Sa tête roule, moins il pensera à la douleur mieux se sera aussi il donne son attention au physicien qui enserre son bras droit contre son torse. - Alors, tu veux rentrer à la maison ? » - Tu choisies, soit on reste ici, soit on part, mais si on fait ça, on le fait d'un commun accord. On sait ce qu'on laisse, mais on ignore ce que l'on trouvera… » - Au pire, on reviendra squatter cet endroit si c'est pire là-bas. Je pense qui si on reste bien sous terre, le soleil dira rien. » C'est vrai, la nature n'est pas une sainte, elle est cruelle et sans pitié, mais puisque le soleil les a dans ses bonnes grâces, ils resteront terrés sans rien dire. Le soleil les a ramené, visiblement pour leur abnégation, lui offrant l'opportunité de ne pas anéantir la vie qu'il avait engendré avec la planète Terre, quelque chose d'infiniment trop précieux pour être gâché. A la place, il avait décidé de détruire le genre humain et de faire de la Terre ce qu'elle aurait du être. A croire que le Soleil savait à quel point la vie était rare, il avait décidé de sauver l'un de ces pilleurs de planète et lui donner la chance de retourner sur sa planète d'origine. C'était dingue à dire, non ? Il n'est pas terrien... Une révélation qu'il a plutôt bien pris, même si il ne fait pas l'effort de s'imaginer ailleurs qu'ici. Soit, il n'a plus aucune racine, plus de famille, plus rien de cher car maintenant cette planète est une inconnue, ça aide un peu. Ils sont des électrons libres de s'en aller, de partir pour leurs origines, mais qui leur dit que la planète sur laquelle l'humanité est née est encore là ? Mace a peur car ce voyage sera peut-être sans retour, mais comme l'a dit Capa, c'est un choix qu'il feront ensemble, aussi ils en subiront les conséquences ensemble aussi. Son bras bouge, sa main enserre l'une de Capa, entremêlant leurs doigts. Rien ne pouvait empêcher la mort, si c'était leur lot, ainsi soit-il, la seule chose importante à ses yeux est le fait qu'ils y aillent main dans la main. Mon dieu, que c'était mielleux à mort ! Le côté macho de Mace lui ficherait bien des baffes, mais au fond, il avait toujours été ainsi, la mort de sa presque femme lui avait simplement fermé le cœur, l'avait rendu plus froid et plus distant. Il se rouvrait, fur à mesure et quelque part c'était attendrissant de retrouver le gars un peu pataud et pas sûr de lui, qu'il avait appelé affectueusement \"la bille\" en vieillissant. Qu'allaient-ils trouver par delà les étoiles ? Mace imagine pour la première fois leur prochaine planète, il la voit bleue comme la Terre, ronde, avec un soleil et une lune. Rien de très original... Où est passé ses rêves d'enfant face aux planètes avec plusieurs lunes, voir plusieurs soleils, des ciels de couleurs étrangers et des paysages de science fiction ? Le militaire a oublié ses rêves lorsque sa femme est morte, son cœur d'enfant inconscient ne s'est jamais relevé lorsqu'il a vu le corps sans vie de Lindsay à la morgue locale. L'alliance avait fini son vol dans la mer, l'endroit où il avait voulu se foutre en l'air quelque jours plus tard, imaginant la peur de sa fiancée lorsque le mouvement de foule s'était abattu sur elle, lorsqu'elle était tombée et avait été piétiné, elle et son bébé. Les doigts de Roby sont une douce caresse, Mace sanglote, pourquoi diable a-t-il pensé à ça, il se sent pathétique et ça l'énerve, combien de fois Lindsay lui avait demandé de s'ouvrir, mais le militaire n'avait jamais trouvé les mots pour lui parler. Il avait acheté les alliances, sans jamais avoir eu le temps de lui demander si elle voulait l'épouser. - Tu as mal ? » - Non, enfin si mais ça n'a rien à voir. » - C'est quoi, Mace ? » - J'aurais jamais su si elle voulait devenir ma femme, je le lui avais pas dit, j'en suis pas sûr, mais je crois qu'elle sortait d'une clinique pour l'avortement quand elle a été tué. J'ai jamais pu lui dire combien je pouvais l'aimer, j'étais con, à croire qu'un mec devait faire les choses bien, sans jamais paraître faible ! J'étais jeune, je savais pas vraiment si je voulais me caser et tout ça, ça impliquait beaucoup. J'avais peur. Mais au lieu de lui dire je me suis enfermé dans le silence, j'ai été distant et je lui ai pas parlé. Pourtant... pourtant j'ai pas cessé de l'aimer, pas un seul jour et quand j'imaginais le futur je le voyais avec elle. C'était juste... trop tôt et je crevais de peur d'être comme mon paternel... » Pourquoi disait-il tout ça maintenant ? C'était trop tard, mais il avait eu besoin de le dire, de se sentir vulnérable une fois dans sa vie. Il sent Robert le tirer contre lui, puis reposer son visage contre sa cuisse. Mace ferme les yeux appréciant le mouvement des doigts de Roby contre son crâne. - C'est pas ta faute. Si j'étais elle... je ne t'en voudrais pas. Peut-être qu'elle était perdue elle aussi, tu y a jamais pensé, hein ? Tu ignores la décision qu'elle a prise en sortant de la clinique, si elle y était pour ça, ou même si elle est vraiment entrée dedans. Et c'est des choses dont je n'ai pas les réponses, mais... ce que je sais c'est qu'elle devait savoir combien tu l'aimais, elle a passé quatre ans avec toi, tu crois franchement qu'elle ne l'a pas ressenti, même si tu n'as pas osé le lui dire ? Je l'ai jamais dit à ma mère, jamais et parfois je voyais la peine que ça lui faisais quand je restais de marbre après ses mots doux, mais elle m'aimait et n'a jamais cessé ; elle savait aussi que je l'aimais, même si j'arrivais pas à le dire, tout du moins je l'espère car c'était une femme bien qui voulait juste un enfant normal, qui serait dans ses jupes, qui voudrait des câlins... si son Dieu existe, si son paradis existe, elle doit être contente de me voir là... avec toi. » Capa ferme les yeux, le temps que son ami et amant se calme, il a assez parlé et trouve ses mots bien étrangers, mais Mace en avait eu besoin. Il peut visiblement faire preuve d'empathie, c'est bien une première... Mace le change et rien que pour une fois il trouve ça bien. Lorsque le militaire peut enfin se lever, il sent le poids sur sa cuisse disparaitre, sa main quitte la chevelure courte laissant à Mace l'opportunité de partir si il le souhaite, mais l'homme embrasse longuement ses lèvres puis lui murmure un merci, avant, oui, de s'en retourner vers sa chambre. Il va le laisser seul un moment tout du moins c'est ce qu'il en déduit de sa pauvre connaissance en psychologie humaine... Le petit génie se redresse, essayant de discerner Corazon, celle-ci est à présent par terre et récupère les noisettes qu'il a laissé échapper. Capa rigole en la voyant slalomer entre ses proies et faire grossir la poche qu'elle a autour de la gueule. Il passa sa journée en compagnie de l'animal dans les jardins intérieurs, les pieds dans l'eau, appréciant ce qu'il avait sous la main et en pensant à leur future... planète. Une main se pose soudainement sur son crâne, emmêlant sa chevelure un instant, dans la lumière du ciel les iris bleues de Mace scintillent, il a encore du rouge dans le blanc de ses yeux, mais un sourire pourfend son visage auquel il répond timidement. Il est étonné de voir la main se serrer compulsivement dans ses cheveux, le militaire tombe tout à coup à genoux l'amenant entre ses bras. La poigne est de fer, Roby veut s'en échapper mais chaque muscle semble devenir un étau mortel. Ce n'est que lorsqu'il gémit d'inconfort que le mécanicien s'aperçoit de ce qu'il fait et donne au physicien l'espace pour respirer non sans le garder auprès de lui. - Je ferais pas deux fois la même erreur Roby, pas deux fois. Pas à cause d'une fierté mal placée ou d'une connerie de peur. Je t'aime, bon dieu je t'aime... je t'aime. » Le brun se laisse faire, car après tout il est bien incapable de bouger. Le langage corporel de Mace est à la fois émouvant et terrorisant car il se sent comme une poupée de chiffon entre les bras d'un compresseur. Robert est saoulé par les \"je t'aime\" qui glissent d'entre les lèvres de militaire, il ignore si il doit lui dire d'arrêter ou pas, parce que ça lui fait quand même un peu peur. L'homme le serre franchement trop fort, mais il se fait violence pour ne pas l'arrêter car ça semble apaiser quelque chose à l'intérieur de l'ingénieur et fur à mesure la poigne est plus douce, son corps est poussé dans l'herbe, l'homme l'embrasse et le touche d'une façon qu'il n'a jamais fait, c'est presque trop pour Robert qui semble avoir du mal à respirer, tout à coup ça lui rappelle l'amour étouffant de sa propre mère. Lorsqu'ils sont yeux dans les yeux, Mace sourit, ses mains touchent son visage, ne cessant de le caresser comme pour lui prouver quelque chose dont il ne comprend rien. - Allons là-bas. Toi et moi. Chez nous Roby... chez nous. » Pour une fois et c'est étrange à noter il n'y a pas de geste en dessous de la ceinture aucune référence au sexe, pas que le militaire en parle tout le temps, enfin si un peu quand même, mais vu qu'ils sont allongés et que l'ingénieur le touche il pensait voir arriver autre chose qui ne vient pas. Il se demande si c'est à cause de toute à l'heure ou si c'est au-delà de ça. Il lui faut un moment pour comprendre que oui et que Mace lui envoie tout ce qu'il a sur le cœur, ce trop plein qui lui a coupé le souffle durant quelques secondes. Robert sourit en voyant son homonyme si heureux, resplendissant dans le ciel phosphorescent. L'homme a un soudain mouvement et ils roulent dans l'herbe en dévalant la douce pente qui mène au plan d'eau. Il observe Mace rire lorsqu'il retombe à plat sur le dos, profitant de sa position afin d'examiner son visage, les yeux gris bleus sont presque verts, le visage dur en temps normal est étrangement lisse, c'est la première fois que la ligne droite de ses sourcils forme une vague courbe. L'os malaire qui lui faisait ce visage anguleux et dur est enfin dégagé de sa barbe qui lui donnait encore plus de volume. Les ridules entre ses sourcils plongeant son visage dans l'austérité ont disparu, le visage est lisse, la peau est lâche comme si le mécanicien s'était débarrassé de ses soucis, le sourire est léger mais il entraperçoit quand même le blanc de son émail. Ce visage est beau tant est si bien que son indexe en longe les courbes, mais Mace l'attrape au vol. - Tu fais quoi ? » - Je te regarde. » - Vraiment ? » - Je t'apprends. » - Je pensais que le petit génie avait déjà fini ! » - Je te vois, mais je t'examine pas. » - Et ça te plait ? » - Oui, je me demande juste quelle tête tu aurais si tu te laissais pousser les cheveux. » - A un golden boy, Captain America comme disait Lindsay. » - Je veux voir ça ! » Ça ne fait que quelques semaines qu'ils se cherchent, ils sont maintenant plus que des amis et pourtant ils sont partis de rien. Mace se sent bien s'il y a une maison vers laquelle il doit retourner c'est entre les bras accueillant de ce petit génie, c'est là qu'il se sent utile et attendu. Il laisse les mains soulever son t-shirt sans manche, exposer son torse au regard scrutateur du brun dont les cheveux glissent soudainement sur son torse le faisant soupirer de plaisir. Le baiser juste au dessus de son nombril est plaisir coupable, soudainement l'autre s'arrête, il ignore ce que fait le physicien mais il éclate de rire lorsqu'un doigt chatouille son côté droit. - Tu fous quoi ? » - J'adore ce muscle, ça fait une sorte de V. » - Mes obliques ? » - Appelle ça comme tu veux. » - Qu'est-ce que tu fais, tu veux le bouffer ? T'es dingue, Roby ! » L'homme rit à gorge déployée, il n'a jamais entendu Mace rire, non pas ce rire sarcastique qu'il a lancé à Harvey plusieurs fois ou ce son rappelant un grognement, celui-là est chaleureux. L'homme se rebiffe tout à coup car il peine à respirer correctement, il n'a pas imaginé le militaire chatouilleux une seule seconde. - Tu veux vraiment me voir avec les cheveux longs ? » - Oui. » - Je fais serment de délaisser ma tondeuse à une seule condition. » - La quelle ? » - Je veux te voir en robe. » - Tu déconnes ? » - Pas du tout ! Sam doit en avoir une dans laquelle tu entreras, il faut que je vois ça, tu dois être magnifique là dedans. » Le visage d'ange est fermé, il n'apprécie guère être féminisé, quelque part il vit mal cet androgénie qu'Harvey lui a détectée car ça lui a attiré les attentions de l'australien. Mace s'inquiète, il croit qu'il boude, il réfléchit juste. L'homme mérite bien qu'il fasse quelque chose pour lui, rien qu'en compensation pour ce qui s'est passé tantôt. Il ne lui demande pas de se travestir entièrement, juste porter une robe, il aurait pu avoir droit à pire. Le brun soupire, il se lève, délaissant le militaire pour s'en retourner vers l'habitacle principal. Il a du mal à dire pourquoi il se tient devant Sam, il a peur que la demande n'avive sa curiosité mais elle pointe simplement un sas sans soulever son nez de son livre. Il regarde les robes d'un drôle d'air, il se souvient avoir vu celles de sa mère et surtout le robe de bal de sa sœur trainer devant ses yeux, mais ça n'a jamais été autre chose que des... morceaux de tissus. - Celle en mousseline. » - Hein ? » Sam ferme son livre d'un coup sec puis soupire, elle s'étend, regarde le petit génie d'un œil avisé puis sort une robe bleu clair du sas. Elle la met devant Robert qui sent déjà des boutons lui sortir sur tout le corps à l'idée d'enfiler ça. La robe tombe sur le côté et une rose fait soudainement son apparition puis une blanche, un verte, etc... Il laisse le cyborg observer le rendu à chaque fois qu'il pose l'habit devant sa personne puis soudainement elle lui tend le cintre blanc. - Celle-là ! » La robe est rose fuchsia, le petit génie a envie de hurler, mais lorsqu'elle le pousse vers le mur holographique il est surpris que ça aille avec sa peau blanche et ses cheveux sombres. - Ça... s'enfile comment ? » Le regarder se batailler avec la robe est d'un comique, elle lui enlève des mains faisant signe au physicien de se déshabiller. Elle se dit que Mace a franchement des idées tordues car ça ne vient pas du brun qui est raide comme un piquet. Lorsque la fermeture éclaire se ferme derrière lui, le petit génie se regarde son lui miroir, pendant un moment ce qu'il voit lui fait presque peur car oui, il suffirait de deux trois trucs pour faire de lui une fille... Et si ça donnait de mauvaises idées au militaire ? - Chie pas dans ton froc, Mace te fera pas ça, sinon je le pends par les couilles. Cela dit, il a raison de vouloir voir ça au moins une fois... » - Hein ? » - C'est un fantasme, rien de plus ! » Le doigt de Sam plonge dans une sorte de pot étrange, il se demande ce que c'est car la couleur change à chaque fois qu'elle tourne le doigt dedans jusqu'à rester sur un rose nacré, il n'a pas le temps de fuir, la femme passe son doigt sur ses lèvres, les nappant de cette sorte de gelée à la framboise. La femme a maintenant prit un truc qui ressemble à un vieux crayon fluo comme il en avait dans sa jeunesse. La pointe passe sur le vêtement, changeant de couleur instantanément et elle le dirige enfin sur ses ongles qui changent de couleur en une fraction de seconde, arborant la même teinte que la robe. Ok... Abandonnant son sort aux mains du robot, Robert se demande comment réagira son amant. Quand Robert ouvre les yeux pour se regarder, il a du mal à rester calme. Sam avait légèrement ondulé ses cheveux, avait fait tomber quelques mèches sur son visage et le bleu de ses yeux semblait avoir pris une teinte plus claire certainement à cause du noir qui dessinait le contour de ses yeux. Il ressemble encore à un homme, elle n'a pas fait de lui un total travesti, mais le résultat est assez étonnant. La femme sourit écrasant une minuscule perle sur sa peau. - C'est bon. » - C'était quoi ça ? » - Hydratant, unificateur de teint et anti-age. Quand ils ont sorti ça toute les femmes retrouvaient une peau de bébé, sauf que ça avait un prix. » - Le quel ? » - Quatre mille dollars les deux billes. Une bille te fait un an. Profite bien ! » Il aurait bien rit mais n'y parvient pas, à la place il quitte la chambre pour se diriger vers celle de Mace. Se rendant compte qu'il est seul, il s'assoit sur le lit attendant le militaire, ses jambes se balancent dans le vide au milieu de ce tissus rose presque agréable à porter. C'est quasi magnifique de voir ses jambes blanches déchirer et sublimer la teinte de la robe aussi il ne fait que les observer, songeur. Lorsque la porte s'ouvre, son bras d'appui, le gauche, lui permet de remonter et plier ses jambes sur le lit, ensuite son visage glisse en arrière, posant son menton sur son épaule, c'est la pose qu'a fait sa sœur lors de la photo souvenir de son bal de promo et qui trônait dans le salon familial. Comme il n'a pas de réaction, il tourne son regard bleu vers le militaire sans esquisser le moindre mouvement. Mace ressemble à un poisson sorti de l'eau, les lèvres entrouvertes dans un O abasourdi le laisse perplexe, aussi il descend du lit afin de s'en aller car il est soudainement mal à l'aise, cela dit il ne va pas loin car Mace parle soudain et le magnifique énoncé lui donne comme l'obligation de rester. Il ne comprend pas Mace lorsqu'il s'approche et passe un bras dans son dos, car même si il lui rappelle une nouvelle fois qu'il le trouve magnifique dans cet accoutrement, le militaire ne fait rien d'autre que le dévorer des yeux. Soudain il sourit et sa main droite vient chercher sa gauche l'emmenant dans une sorte de slow. Jamais le petit génie n'a jamais dansé, il a l'impression d'être cruche au possible pourtant au travers du regard bleu, il peut presque ressentir de l'adoration, comme dans cette main qui a lâché la sienne et dévale son visage plongeant dans ses cheveux, l'instant se fige dans un cliché pas possible mais soudainement le militaire le fait tourner sur lui-même, perdant l'équilibre le physicien croit avoir droit à la chute mais c'est sans compter les bras protecteurs du brun qui le soulèvent de terre et l'emmènent vers le lit. Lorsqu'il se réveille le lendemain une lumière diffuse le fait grogner sourdement. Son torse se redresse et lorsqu'il pose son bras devant ses yeux le draps glisse à terre rejoignant la marée de rose fuchsia. Sortir de son écrin colorée cette peau pâle et douce semble avoir été une sorte de rêve éthéré. Cette robe, Sam ne la reverra jamais car il veut absolument revoir son amant dans cette couleur somptueuse. Il se souvient de chaque geste, chaque centimètre de peau que le rose vif magnifiait avant de disparaitre. Il a eu droit au strip tease le plus dingue de sa vie et ça jamais il ne pourra l'oublier. Les images qui osent lui revenir sont d'une sensualité enivrante, ses mains qui ont suivi les jambes du physicien à travers ces flammes roses jusqu'à ce qui fait de lui un homme, cette même couleur qui en remontant ou en dévalant dévoilait des formes qui n'avaient rien de féminines... Il avait été difficile à Capa de se prêter au jeu, mais il remercie le brun d'avoir essayé, de s'être montré d'une façon que seul lui aura le droit de revoir. Ce n'était même pas pour le sexe au final, juste pour la somptuosité et la fraîcheur de ce corps qui est à présent sien. Un sourire flotte sur son visage ce qui s'est passé hier lui a prouvé qu'il pouvait y avoir autre chose que de l'envie primale entre deux hommes, qu'il pouvait y avoir quelque chose de romantique et de pur sans tomber forcément dans l'excès ou la connerie, il remercie Capa de l'avoir ramené à la vie, de l'avoir charmé, de lui avoir réappris à aimer... Parlant de Capa, il fronce les sourcils car la lumière vient du mur holographique et que de drôles de chuchotements viennent jusqu'à lui. Une fois debout, tous les sens du militaire se mettent en éveil car quelque chose ne va pas, où est... Roby ?![Chapter 13] Daeamon, encore merci pour ta review, dessiner le jardin intérieur ne ferait que le limiter, l'imagination va bien au delà de l'image. En ce qui concerne la robe ça vient d'une image fortuite trouvée lorsque j'ai voulu décrire la beauté du petit génie j'ai cherché des photos de C. Murphy et je suis tombé sur des images de son film \"Breakfast on Pluto\"... et je me suis dit, voilà... voilà ce qu'a imaginé Harvey en le voyant pour la première fois. Le rose fuchsia lui va bien soit dit en passant ! Mais en blond... la vache... est-il possible d'être encore plus... ambigu ? Et si tu tapes cillian_murphy_98 -point tu sais quoi- dans google images, tu verras l'image que j'avais dans le tête en parlant de cette scène... Je sais pas si je trouve ce mec à tomber ou totalement... bizarre. En ce qui concerne le vernis, c'est une scène d'un vieux film (années 80) appelé Phidalephia Experiment. Another Earth 13 Il lui faut du temps avant de faire le point dans cette lumière pure et flamboyante. Capa est debout dans sa chambre, au milieu de l'ambiance holographique en quatre dimensions, ça n'a rien à voir avec la Earth Room, lorsqu'il l'avait allumé en prenant l'interrupteur pour celui de la lumière, il avait cru faire un arrêt cardiaque lorsque le sol s'était déplacé et l'avait soudainement projeté devant un gouffre sans fond, bien trop réaliste pour ses yeux et son pauvre cœur. Il lui avait fallu un moment pour voir l'hologramme, pour le comprendre et l'appréhender car même le toucher était surprenant d'authenticité. Le fait que la machine puisse récréer un espace grâce à l'imagination d'une personne était assez déroutante. Mace avait essayé l'option cérébrale et avait pu refouler la plage sur laquelle il avait imaginé dire oui à Lindsay, il l'avait même matérialisée à ses côtés, la promenade qui en avait résulté, l'avait énormément aider à savoir où il en était avec Robert. Aussi incongru que cela soit, maintenant qu'il avait pénétré la zone holographique, l'endroit était obscure à tel point qu'il dut patienter quelques longues secondes avant de pouvoir faire le point et discerner quelque chose. Sa main avance dans les airs au devant de lui pour ne pas entrer dans quelque chose, il a moins peur de tomber nez à nez avec Capa qu'avec une plaque en acier qui pour sûr lui ferait mal. Mais en avançant dans les ténèbres, il discerne des points de lumière, puis à nouveau cette lueur pharaonique vers laquelle avançait le corps nu de son amant, une lumière aussi brûlante que le soleil. Pendant un moment il a peur que le physicien se brûle mais si là-bas c'était bien le soleil alors il marchait dans l'espace et si le réalisme allait jusque là, il devrait déjà être congelé. De tous les endroits qu'il pouvait matérialiser le physicien avait choisi l'espace, ce n'est pas totalement surprenant... Mace regarde de gauche puis à droite, maintenant que son esprit est en symbiose avec la machine, il est au milieu du vide intersidéral aux côtés de l'astre qui a balayé toute trace de l'humanité et ça, c'est étrange. Il n'est pas comme Robert, il n'a pas vu le soleil, une fois mort, lorsque le froid a engourdi son corps et son esprit... Mace n'avait pensé qu'à la mission pour se donner le courage de se jeter dans le liquide de refroidissement, à sa famille qui était restée sur terre pour combattre le froid et puis sur la fin, à Lindsay qu'il allait retrouver. Ce qui suivit, n'était qu'obscurité, le froid et... le néant ! Parfois il revoit ça en rêve et ça l'horripile, car ça veut dire qu'il n'y a rien après la mort. Rien ? Assez de substance en tout cas pour ramener à la vie quelqu'un mais rien qui ressemblait à une autre vie, une réincarnation ou ces conneries-là. Mace fronce les sourcils car si c'était ça le soleil, ce n'est pas ce qu'il a vu durant son coma. Il esquive quelque chose qui le fait sursauter pour s'apercevoir qu'il s'agit de la Terre, son regard observe sa nouvelle configuration l'espace d'un instant notant les familiarités et les grandes différences avec le globe qu'il a connu, mais il retourne aussitôt son attention vers la silhouette dévorée par l'embrasement de l'étoile. - Capa ? » Il lui semble que l'homme marmonne quelque chose, car tout à chacun le sait, l'espace est normalement silencieux comme une tombe, cela dit il ne comprend strictement rien à cette espèce de litanie, pendant un moment il croit avoir perdu le petit génie un peu comme Pinebacker s'était perdu dans la contemplation de l'astre solaire, aussi il attrape le bras inerte pour attirer l'homme à ses côtés. Les yeux révulsés le font s'inquiéter, mais Mace refuse de céder à la panique. Son sang froid lui fait arrêter tout contact instantanément, levant les mains au niveau de son visage. Le doute le ronge, il ignore ce qui se passe, est-ce que Capa était encore sur radio soleil ? Est-ce qu'il était somnambule ? Et comment diable la machine fonctionnait sans que le jeune homme ait installé sur son lobe frontal le lien pseudo télépathique qui fait fusionner l'hologramme aux souvenirs ? La bonne question visiblement ! Mace ne peut donc pas interrompre ce qu'il voit de peur qu'il arrive quelque chose au mental de son compagnon. A la place, son regard curieux et soucieux observe le joli brun retourner se fracasser contre les rayons du soleil. L'hologramme se rapproche soudainement et les dévore l'un après l'autre, car il restera auprès du petit génie quoi qu'il se passe. L'obscurité est omniprésente, une partie de son cerveau sait qu'il est bien encré sur la terre ferme dans sa chambre, mais la sensation de chute est trop réaliste aussi il titube cherchant une prise dans le néant. Son estomac se soulève car la nausée le prend tandis que les étoiles ne sont plus qu'une trainée de lumière et qu'il semble avoir été jeté dans une sorte de trou de ver intersidérale voyageant plus vite que la vitesse de la lumière. Malgré la lumière des étoiles, il fait si sombre et tout est si indéchiffrable qu'il ne perçoit même plus la présence de son ami alors qu'il était à quelques centimètres de lui avant que tout bascule. C'est alors que la lumière chante, un soleil immense et différent explose et triomphe du néant redonnant un sentiment de sécurité au militaire qui faillit perdre connaissance dans ce mouvement chaotique. Cet astre chaud est traversé par un rayon sombre telle une iris de chat, voilà l'astre qu'il avait vu dans son inconscience. Ce n'est définitivement pas le soleil. Mace se retourne observant avec un regard étonné le système solaire qui s'étend devant ses yeux bleus. Huit planètes... le miroir parfait de leur système solaire. Cette première planète ressemble à Mercure, trop proche pour capter les rayons du soleil et semble donc gelée de l'intérieur et de l'extérieur. La seconde est une planète rougeoyante, à l'instar de Vénus, elle s'avère être faite de lave en fusion et de fleuves de magma. Son cœur bat fort appréhendant l'émergence d'une planète ressemblant à la Terre… Surgit soudain de l'obscurité une magnifique planète bleue, oh bien sûr que non ce n'est pas sa Terre, il n'y a ni Amérique, ni Asie, ni Europe ou d'Afrique et encore moins d'Australie, mais c'est un spectacle à la fois familier et incongru. De l'eau… Ils en avaient cherché pendant si longtemps. Sa main se pose sur la grosse planète bleue qui s'immobilise, il ne sait pas ce qui c'était passé sur cette planète, si elle a toujours eu si peu de terres ou si l'eau avait monté engloutissant les continents, mais cette vision presque magique lui donne l'envie de la voir de plus près. La balle roula sous le mouvement exercé par ses doigts le long de son orbite. Il y a deux pôles recouverts de glace, un continent ressemblant à un serpent ouvre le bleu lagon en deux, une ile gigantesque digne de l'Australie, mais aussi longue que l'Europe, une sorte de Japon à l'échelle d'un continent... Il y a tant de bleu et de vert qu'il n'ose vraiment croire à ce qu'il voit. Seule l'ile principale semble posséder un désert, car le vert est mordu de teintes ocres qui le font sourire chaleureusement. Peut-on être charmé par quelque chose de si… différent. Quel est le nom de cette planète ? Quel age a-t-elle ? En combien de temps fait-elle le tour de son soleil ? Quelle température au sol, y a-t-il des marrées, possède-t-elle une lune ? Autant de questions sans réponse que le militaire ne pouvait empêcher de fleurir à l'intérieur de son cerveau. Et puis tout à coup une lune glissa devant son regard émerveillé, seyant la taille de l'immense planète bleue et puis une autre et enfin une troisième. Trois lunes, voilà qui a le gout d'être vraiment étranger, enfin encore un peu plus que sur Mars. Cette planète est un mixe parfait entre la planète Terre et Neptune, par ses couleurs, par sa magnificence et sa grosseur. Il ne peut s'empêcher de faire le tour de l'astre et de contempler le soleil étranger illuminer son bleu limpide, un bleu chatoyant rehaussé d'un orangé vibrant, il n'a pas vu de plus beau spectacle. C'était comme si le feu de l'existence donnait un sens à tout ce divin, ne comparait-on pas le bleu à l'essence divine, à la noblesse ? N'allait pas lui faire dire ce qu'il n'a pas dit, la Terre est belle et c'est la mère nourricière qui l'a vu naître qui l'a gardé en vie toutes ces années, celle-ci n'a pas la familiarité de la Terre, il en ignore tout, mais il la convoite. Lorsqu'il termine le tour de la sœur jumelle de la Terre, une cousine de Mars se présente à son regard contemplatif, rouge et désertique comme sa consœur. Il est étonné de sa grande proximité, aussi il imagine ce que le ciel de cette seconde Terre peut être, illuminé de trois lunes et d'une planète si proche qu'on doit l'apercevoir facilement dans la fresque féérique de son ciel. Il repense aux films de science-fiction qu'il a vu étant jeune et son cœur palpite d'impatience. Si c'est là sa… maison, il lui tarde de la découvrir. Derrière Mars il découvre la sœur jumelle de Ceres ballotée dans une ceinture d'astéroïdes qui lui ont buriné le visage comme son équivalant du système solaire, elle est encore plus blanche que celle qu'il a vu dans les livres d'école. L'énorme gazeuse plus loin est une véritable surprise elle a troquée ces teintes rouge-bruni par des aspects verts lui rappelant la kryptonite, alors il sourit car il l'a déjà baptisée dans son cœur. S'ils étaient des collons, alors ils pourraient les nommer comme ils l'entendaient, non ? Ça donnerait tout de suite plus de familiarité à la chose ! Laissant Krypton, il observe la fausse Saturne et son éternel anneau bien qu'il ne soit pas penché de la même façon, la planète est d'un gris anthracite somptueux, malgré la différence face à l'originale, il l'aime tout de même. Il est étonné car Uranus et Neptune sont des siamoises, les deux planètes ont du entrer en collision à un moment ou un autre et se sont soudées l'une l'autre, gravitant ensemble dans l'obscurité comme pour se tenir compagnie et se rassurer, la glace de l'une et ce qui semblait être le gaz de l'autre s'étaient fondus en une seule ligne de couleur passant du jaune au bleu glace. Le reste est silence, l'obscurité est reine, là où Pluton se dresse fièrement avec Charon, il n'y a plus que des débris, le miroir de Makemake est si petit qu'il imagine bien les scientifiques se disputer sur sa dénomination et si elle méritait le nom de planète naine. La ceinture d'astéroïdes complètement dispersée l'empêche de voir avec netteté les doubles de Éris et de Hauméa, car il n'arrive pas à faire une différence entre les astéroïdes et les planètes quand elles sont mélangées comme un jeu de quilles victime d'un strike. A n'en pas douter une comète est passée par là, ou un truc bien plus gros au point de changer l'axe d'une planète. Il observe les fausses Uranus et Neptune mais se dit qu'il n'a pas à les plaindre car elles ont survécu et semblent heureuses de leur destin maintenant à deux. Il lui manque quelque chose en réalisant ça, sa main se crispe sur le vide qu'elle rencontre, obligeant l'ingénieur à quitter ce magnifique spectacle et donner son entière vigilance à Capa qui est maintenant à l'intérieur du soleil, son corps tremble comme pris dans une transe. - Dezoom ! » L'hologramme fait un nouveau point sur ce système soleil, le moment est désagréable à souhait aussi il ferme les yeux attendant quelques secondes pour les rouvrir, tout devient si petit, il a envie de voir à quoi ressemble cette galaxie mais il regrette lorsqu'il voit ce grand œil braqué sur lui. Ses jambes flagellent face à cette image dérangeante alors qu'une partie de son cerveau s'avive sur ce qu'il vient de comprendre. Non, ça ne peut pas être l'Œil de Dieu car c'est une nébuleuse, mais cette galaxie irrégulière ou à anneau -il n'arrive pas à trancher- lui ressemble comme deux gouttes d'eau cela dit... les couleurs sont différentes, elle est beaucoup plus rouge, plus sombre un peu comme la Galaxie de l'Œil Noir, Capa pourrait certainement en dire plus que lui à ce niveau-là car il ne connait que ce que monsieur tout le monde pouvait en savoir sur le sujet. Délaissant l'espace, il pose une main sur le crâne du petit génie essayant de le ramener vers le lit sans trop forcer car il n'a aucune envie de le laisser convulser dans cet endroit. Le corps ne suit pas son mouvement et soudainement les mains du physicien sautent sur lui ; l'une lui enserre le bras au niveau du biceps arrivant presque à lui faire mal, l'autre s'est fermée contre sa trachée, l'obligeant de se défendre. Les mots que lui lance Roby sont incompréhensibles, mais quelque part au fond de lui, il sait qu'il a déjà entendu cette langue quelque part une réalisation qu'il s'empresse de repousser dans le fin fond de son subconscient avant qu'il ne commence réellement à paniquer. Pris entre son amant et l'œil presque maléfique qui le scrute, le corps du militaire se tend à cause de la tension qui s'accumule, il finit par céder et coller son genou dans l'estomac de son amant qui s'écroule dans ses bras durant l'effroyable sensation qui l'aspire dans l'espace signant la mise en arrêt de l'hologramme. Tenant fermement le corps inconscient contre lui jusqu'à l'allumage de l'éclairage le cerveau de Mace cogite. Lorsque la pièce est lumineuse, il se laisse tomber sur le sol de sa chambre, surpris que deux billes bleus qu'il n'a pas vu s'ouvrir le toisent avec attention. Pendant quelques secondes le visage frigide de Roby est de glace et pour le coup inquiétant, la respiration saccadé de l'homme lui donne l'air grave d'un psychopathe sorti tout droit d'un film d'horreur. Sa main se crispe sur la nuque du brun qu'il repousse doucement afin de savoir si il l'a récupéré. - Tudom... » De quoi parle le brun ? D'ailleurs il n'a pas compris un mot de ce qu'il vient de lui dire. Mace surélève un sourcil questionnant le physicien qui repart dans la même phrase dont il ne comprend aucun mot. - Parle en anglais je te prie. » Le brun est aussi surpris que lui, il se redresse en observant son compagnon puis articule comme si il était peu sur de lui. - Je sais... » - Tu sais quoi ? » Capa a un moment de silence, il fronce les sourcils soucieux puis regarde son amant comme si c'était la première fois qu'il le voyait. - Je sais comment aller là-bas. Est-ce que... est-ce que je viens de parler Hongrois ? » - Je ne saurais même pas reconnaitre la différence entre du russe et de l'allemand alors tu sais... Pourquoi ? » - Mon père vient de là-bas, il a du me parler Hongrois quand j'étais gosse mais... je me souviens pas l'avoir appris réellement... » Là, Mace commence à s'affoler, quoi qu'il se soit passé dans cet hologramme, Capa avait semble-t-il ramené quelque chose. Et si son esprit ne s'était pas mis en symbiose avec la machine mais avec quelque chose de supérieur ? Il se souvient bien du rêve qu'il a fait durant son moment de... coma, l'impression qui avait été sienne de n'être qu'un minuscule microbe devant cette chose capable du pire comme du meilleur. - Tu te souviens de ce qui c'est passé ? Comment tu es arrivé là. » - Je t'ai entendu m'appeler. Quand je me suis réveillé, tu dormais à côté de moi, mais l'hologramme était allumé. » - Sur quoi ? » - Le soleil. Je crois que c'est lui qui m'a réveillé. » - Tu veux me dire que le soleil communique avec toi à travers le robot holographique ? » La phrase sonnait complètement dingue oui, on aurait cru un vieux trip sous musique extasiante... - Je crois... » - Et ensuite ? » - C'est flou, mais c'est comme si on m'avait mis dans le crâne des images, une explication parfaite du chemin vers notre vraie planète, j'ai vu aussi pourquoi l'humain l'a quitté. Mace j'ai vu la fin de l'humanité sur cette planète, j'ai vu la mort. » - Un astéroïde ? » - Comment tu sais ? » - Simple déduction... » - Ils ont essayé de préserver la vie en l'envoyant ici, mais les dégâts ne sont pas considérable notre planète d'origine a toujours son atmosphère, il y reste certainement quelque chose ! » Mace à envie de se pincer l'arrête du nez car quelque chose dans son esprit lui dit \"stop\" juste pour préserver le peu de bon sens qu'il a. Il est quelque peu terre à terre et bon dieu c'est le scientifique qui divague complètement, si il n'était pas mort puis fraichement résurrectioné, si il ne connaissait pas le physicien au point d'être cent pour cent sûr qu'il n'était pas devenu dingue, le mécanicien l'assommerait et l'attacherait au lit et non pas pour un fantasme déplacé ! Mace a besoin d'un verre ou d'une aspirine, voir des deux avant de pouvoir continuer cette discussion ! Il fait signe à son amant de se taire, l'homme passe rapidement un boxer avant de sortir de la chambre et de se diriger vers le bureau. Il vole la bouteille de whisky qui devait appartenir à l'ex de Sam, puis se saisit de ce tube qui ressemble vachement à un hypospray de la série Star Trek. Puisqu'il ne connait pas le nom de l'objet, il l'appellera donc comme son congénère imaginaire, il sait que pour tous petits bobos un coup de ce truc fait des miracles ! Revenant dans sa chambre il surprend le physicien en train d'écrire des sortes de... d'équations à multiples inconnus qui lui fiche le crâne en l'air rien qu'à les observer. Il place l'objet blanc contre son crâne et s'injecte une bonne dose qui le fait flotter chaleureusement jusqu'à son lit. La douleur est remplacée par un lit de coton, Mace est donc prêt a entendre tout, même la version en Hongrois, pourquoi pas ! - Réessaye, mais avec plus de délicatesse. » - Tu sais que la théorie du trou noir supermassif concernant les trous de ver n'a jamais été réfuté. Au milieu de chaque galaxie, il y a un trou noir. On sait que la gravitation n'est pas assez forte pour être destructrice alors quelqu'un a pensé envoyer une sonde dans Sagittarius A et elle a disparu, elle n'a as cessé d'émettre ce qui veut dire qu'elle n'a pas explosé ou implosé ou va savoir quoi d'autre mais le signal est trop faible pour être remonté. De là la théorie s'applique et il est franchissable, le fait est de savoir si il est praticable des deux sens, si on part là-bas il nous faut l'assurance de pouvoir rentrer. Einstein en a parlé, j'essaye d'appliquer ses équations afin de savoir si c'est possible et où se trouve réellement cette planète dans l'univers, si le voyage jusque ici est possible sans passer par ce trou de ver. Si la réponse est non, alors on l'a emprunté, il y a de ça des milliards d'années, alors c'est un trou de ver de Lorentz une voie expresse à deux sens. » - Une autoroute en circuit fermé ? » - Je l'espère... » - Comment ça ? » - Ce ne sont que des théories, je dois finir mes calculs, j'ignore si ça amène toujours au même endroit, si il y a des embranchements ou si c'est purement aléatoire. Enfin rien n'est aléatoire, mais il y a peut-être des conditions a respecter pour se rendre à un endroit précis, un mouvement de marré un alignement, que sais-je ! Je dois retrouver la sonde Thésée. Par contre je dois... » - Ok, je peux rester au moins ou je suis jeté de ma propre chambre ? » Son amant prend en considération ce qu'il vient de dire, son air hagard laisse à penser qu'il ne s'est pas rendu compte de l'endroit où il était. Le brun regarde le mur holographique sur lequel il a déjà posé ses bases puis soupire, il n'a aucune envie de recommencer depuis le début. - Si tu restes silencieux ? » Le petit génie n'est pas certain de ce qu'il affirme, mais c'est le mieux qu'il puisse proposer, Mace se dit que passer inaperçu dans sa propre chambre en face de son amant est sujet à caution, mais il sait combien c'est important pour le physicien dont il incline la tête, il se boit une rasade de whisky puis décide de se rallonger, pas comme si il pouvait faire quelque chose pour Robert. La robe entre ses bras, l'ingénieur inspire le parfum de son camarade en souriant. La nuit qu'ils ont passé, il ne l'oubliera jamais, alors quand bien même ça manquait de piquant pour l'homme plutôt libre qu'il était, le fait d'aller lentement avec Robert avait un gout de paradis. Huit jours... il a passé huit jours à se parler seul, s'arracher les cheveux, insulter le mur, effacer, deseffacer, réeffacer, copier, coller, corriger... Parfois Mace pensait que son amant devenait dingue, qu'il perdait pied. Il l'observait aller et venir en récitant diverses théories, il tendait l'oreille quand il état trop silencieux, venant le mener au lit si il tombait de fatigue. Le mécano le laissait seul de temps en temps car si le brun ne devenait pas complètement fou dans cette atmosphère lui allait finir par péter une durite. En revenant de son escapade vers les jardins pour jouer avec Corazon ou de la salle principale où il retrouvait Sam pour une discussion à la hauteur de ses capacités neuronales, il n'oubliait pas de ramener à manger au jeune homme ainsi qu'une carafe d'eau qu'il insistait à faire boire au physicien débordé qui aurait certainement fini déshydraté et incapable de bouger à cause de sa non-nutrition, en tout cas, s'il n'avait pas agi... Lorsque le brun a terminé, le lieutenant est endormi à poing fermé, le cri de joie et de soulagement le fait sursauter dans les draps, une fois qu'il est plus ou moins conscient, le brun se jette sur lui en rigolant, il parle trop vite pour qu'il comprenne de quoi il est question, mais au milieu de ce flot de mots il comprend qu'il a réussi à trouver Thésée, qu'il est bien dans la galaxie de leur destination et que le trou de ver est fixe. Un truc comme éviter un voyage de quatre-cent-milliards d'années lumière frôle son esprit avant qu'il ne ferme les yeux en serrant le corps du petit génie entre ses bras. Le brun lui a manqué, chose idiote car il a toujours été à ses côtés tout du moins physiquement même s'il ne pouvait malheureusement pas le toucher. - Tu nous ramènes à la maison quand ? » - Quand tu veux, il suffit juste d'aller en Afrique prendre notre carrosse. C'est là où tu interviens, c'est certainement un préjugé mais l'Afrique ça sonne bien comme paradis des singes... gros singes intelligents et violents. J'ai besoin d'un garde du corps ! » - Et quelle récompense j'y gagne ? » - Tu veux un versement d'avance ? » - Hum... une sorte de garantie pour me motiver... tu vois ce que je veux dire... » - Tout à fait, mais tu m'as l'air trop fatigué pour un avant-gout ce soir, peut-être demain ? » Soit la fatigue lui fait imaginer des choses soit elle rend son camarade très tactile et surtout provoquant, qu'il le note dans son esprit pour plus tard. - Dis donc, t'étais avec qui dans ton rêve ? Par ce que c'est pas une clef à molette qu'il y a dans les draps, n'est-ce pas ? » Le mécanicien surélève un sourcil, il ne se souvient pas de son rêve, c'était pas forcément un truc érotique, certainement plutôt le fait d'avoir à ses côtés une personne intouchable qu'il crevait d'envie de... enfin ! L'homme rigole malgré lui, sous le regard faussement sévère du petit brun, il a l'impression de voir son ancienne prof de littérature le menacer de son regard lorsqu'il était surpris à rêver éveillé pendant ses lectures apathiques. - Elle était comment ? » - Brune... avec une magnifique robe fuchsia... » - Je vois... plus sérieusement, tu voudras refaire ça ? » - Oh que oui ! T'imagines pas comment tu es désirable comme ça... mais pas juste comme ça. » - On a pas... » - Et d'après toi pourquoi y'a une clef à molette dans le lit, hum ? Petit génie. » - Justement... On aurait du. Je pensais que tu... » - Et qu'aurais-tu pensé ? Que je pouvais pas te faire l'amour si t'étais pas habillé en fille ? Je commence à appréhender ta façon de penser, mais non merci j'ai aucune envie que tu te fourvoies sur mon compte, encore moins envie de ressembler à tu sais qui ! » Alors soit passer une semaine à voir et convoiter quelqu'un qui passe son temps à vos côtés sans jamais avoir la chance de le toucher c'est un peu frustrant, normal qu'il y est une clef à molette dans le lit ! Mais Mace sait à quel point c'est important pour Capa, aussi il a mis de côté son sentiment de privation pour le bienêtre de son amant. Il ne peut changer le brun, ce n'était pas comme si il ne savait pas ce que lui réservait leur futur, mais le lieutenant y allait sereinement car il sait qu'il ne peut plus rien faire contre ce qui le lie maintenant au physicien. Ils ont besoin l'un de l'autre, d'une façon différente certes, mais ça n'avait aucune espèce d'importance, il ne s'imagine pas autre part, ni avec quelqu'un d'autre, même si c'est un homme, Capa lui donne la seule chose dont il a besoin, protéger et aimer. Le militaire se laisse tomber dans les draps, son regard scrute le mur holographique qui ressemble presque à une œuvre d'art puisque le charabia inscrit dessus n'a plus rien de compréhensible pour l'ingénieur... Roby se mord la lèvre inférieure inspectant le corps à ses côtés, il a beaucoup de chance d'avoir Mace auprès de lui, même si parfois il a l'impression de ne pas valoir l'affection qu'il gagne avec cet homme. Le sentiment ne dur jamais, le militaire est toujours là pour le caresser, pour lui sourire et l'aimer, il devrait commencer à s'y habituer mais c'est encore surprenant à réaliser, il n'est même pas certain de pouvoir s'y faire réellement ! - Parfois je me dis que tu es trop bien pour moi et en même temps tu es parfait... Je... je suis désolé. » Mace fronce les sourcils ne comprenant pas d'où viennent les excuses, le scientifique baisse les yeux honteux de quelque chose dont il ignore tout. Il a beau réfléchir, il ne voit pas ce que le physicien aurait besoin d'excuser. - J'ai encore fui. Je comprends pas comment tu peux rester auprès de moi quand je fais ça. C'est la seconde fois et même si c'est là mon monde, je suis horrible de te faire attendre. Je devrais être là, comme tu es là pour moi, tout ça me fait encore un peur, je dois l'avouer, on avance et ça me terrifie, quelque part j'attends la première occasion pour retourner là où je suis bien, mais c'est un leurre... Je t'aime, maintenant je le sais et j'ai pris pour acquis ce sentiment, même si... même si pour moi c'est encore quelque chose d'abscons... Le scientifique en moi sait ce que c'est, il le comprend et trouve ça si... idiot ! » - Je sais... » - Ce que je veux dire c'est qu'il est temps pour toi de me bousculer, de m'empêcher de me retrancher toujours derrière quelque chose. Je suis pas... je suis pas une poupée de cristal. Et si tu me laisses faire on saura jamais, si... nous ça peut fonctionner, t'as accepté mon monde, il est temps que j'accepte le tien ! » Son vis-à-vis surélève un sourcil interrogatif, surpris par les mots de Capa, Mace ne sait quoi en penser, il est pris entre l'envie de dire oui et de découvrir enfin le petit génie de la façon dont il le souhaite, en même temps il ne veut pas lui remémorer le temps qu'il a passé avec l'australien. Ses paupières se closent lorsque la main tâtonnante de son amant dévale son torse puis son ventre, venant se perdre entre ses cuisses, le mécanicien sourit car i a l'impression de faire un bond dans le temps, à l'époque où il découvrait son corps d'une curiosité mal-assurée , qu'importe ce qu'avait pu faire Harvey à Capa, car il sera le seul à lui apprendre l'amour et ça... c'est une pensé attrayante, attirant son compagnon dans les draps il l'embrasse pressant son envie entre les doigts fins de son acolyte.[Chapter 14] Daeamon, un nouveau merci, surtout qu'en ce moment c'est pas très régulier. En espérant que ça continue de te plaire ! Another Earth 14 Lorsque Capa se réveille le lendemain, le lit est vide, l'espace normalement occupé par le mécanicien est froid ; il aimerait bien en être chagriné, mais à la place il se retourne sur le dos puis s'étire prenant toute la place à lui tout seul. Il a été intéressant d'observer Mace se délecter de ce qu'il lui a fait, quelque chose s'était imbriqué hier dans son esprit et dans sa considération du monde. Alors oui, tout pouvait être légitimé par une équation chimique, une montée d'hormones ou de phéromones, tout pouvait être quantifié, mais entre ses doigts Mace avait pris une dimension qu'il ne lui avait jamais décelé et le fait qu'il en soit le principal instigateur était plaisant à s'avouer et à savourer. Un sourire roule sur ses lèvres, il voudrait profiter de cet instant de paix pour rappeler les images de la veille à son souvenir, mais la voix du militaire tonne dans le haut parleur, juste avant que l'alarme de la base ne se mette à retentir. Son corps précédemment las et allongé sur le matelas se raidit, il est en position assise avant qu'il ne le réalise. Le scientifique se précipite alors vers ses vêtements pour s'habiller puis trottine dans les couloirs. Sam est devant un écran essayant vainement de fermer les sas de sécurité qui se sont ouverts, des créatures presque humanoïdes courent dans les couloirs des étages supérieurs jetant leur violence sur tout ce qui attire leur regard, en priorité le système de vidéosurveillance ce qui semble attester d'une certaine intelligence. - Il y a des armes ? Un système de défense ? » - C'est un laboratoire scientifique, tout ce qu'on a c'est un système d'auto-assainissement. » - Une bombe ? » - C'est tout comme, c'est en fait un flot de matière noire. Un trou noir localisé qui compressera l'endroit afin que rien n'en sorte, ni humain, ni autre chose... » - Fait-le ! » - Mais... » - Ils sont des centaines là-haut, quand ils arriveront à notre sas on sera fichu. Il doit y avoir une autre sortie, non ? Programme ton assainissement, maintenant ! Capa, prend tout ce dont tu as besoin et par là, je dis, réellement besoin, rien de superficiel ! » - Il y a un Sils-35 dans le hangar. » - Un quoi ? » - Une sorte d'avion militaire qui fonctionne au solaire, je sais le piloter. » - Ok, tout le monde sait quoi faire, on a vingt minutes pour se retrouver là-bas, programme l'implosion à trente. » - D'accord ! » Roby n'a pas encore bougé lorsque le militaire se retourne vers lui et lui somme de récupérer ses affaires ; lorsqu'il entend les cris des primates sortir des tuyaux d'aération il se met à déguerpir. La première chose qu'il fait est d'attraper un sas de transport pour y mettre le cerveau de l'AI vu qu'il ignore si il pourra piloter la navette de retour, qui plus est seul, il aura certainement besoin du co-pilote chevronné. Il délaisse tout ce qui n'est pas important, mais à bien y réfléchir l'AI est tout ce qui lui est nécessaire car c'est le vestige de l'humanité qu'il a voulu sauver depuis le début, le meilleur, comme le pire. Il prend habits et provisions dans une cohue effrénée essayant de ne rien oublier d'important, son cerveau n'a jamais été soumis à ce genre de panique, mais il a l'impression de bien s'en tirer, il ignore pourquoi il prend le temps de ramasser la robe et de la ranger à la va-vite dans le sas, peut-être parce qu'il sait que ça fera plaisir au mécanicien. - J'ai récupéré le robot médical et tout ce qu'on pouvait transporter comme matériel, je m'occupe du jardin. » S'occuper du jardin ? Roby se demande de quoi parle Sam car soudainement il repense à Corazon qui y a élu domicile, lorsque la femme lui répond qu'il n'a pas à s'inquiéter Robert fronce les sourcils mais procède par niveau d'importance, il est loin des jardins et ne peut donc rien faire pour le moment. Le sas de transport flotte derrière lui tandis qu'il court dans le couloir sud menant vers le niveau inférieur où se trouve leur moyen de transport. Il aimerait savoir comment se débrouille les deux autres, mais le physicien d'Icarus est de retour ; il sait que Mace fera ce qu'il jugera bon de faire, qu'importe ce qui lui en coutera et il doit en faire de même. Cela ne l'empêche pas de murmurer une prière à qui veut bien l'entendre pour que le lieutenant lui revienne sain et sauf car il refusera d'aller là-bas, seul. Lorsqu'il voit... l'avion dont parlait Sam, il a un moment de latence, la chose est triangulaire, elle ressemble à l'un de ces prototypes futuristes qu'il avait découvert sur Discovery Chanel, il se demande si cette chose est capable d'aller à Mach 3 comme l'espérait le scientifique de son époque. Certainement plus, il suffit de voir la bête pour s'en rendre compte. Il aimerait pouvoir rêvasser sur les lignes parfaites de la machine, son ergonomie digne d'un vaisseau alien, ses trois gros... réacteurs faisant penser à ceux d'une fusée ? Mais il a d'autres choses à faire ! Comme trouver où se trouve la soute de ce truc et commencer à y ranger ses affaires, grâce aux instructions de Sam, il a trouvé la trappe de l'avion et y fait place nette pour leurs bagages. - Pourquoi tu n'as pas réduit le sas ? » - Réduit le sas ? » Sam vient de franchir la porte menant au hangar, les mains dans les poches, il la voit jeter trois capsules étranges dans leur soute puis s'approcher de son sas de transport. Elle soulève une sorte de protection en plexiglas transparent qui se trouve sur le côté de l'objet, puis elle appuie sur un bouton doré. Un bruit assourdissant provient de l'objet qui émet de drôles de rayons lumineux, lorsque la vive clarté s'éteint, le sas a disparu, à la place il ne reste qu'une capsule blanche qui peut facilement se mettre dans une poche. Le petit génie regarde ça comme si c'était démoniaque et ça l'est presque, comment cela peut-il être possible, ça va à l'encontre des lois de la physique qu'il a appris. - Comme ceci... Oh j'oubliais, il n'y avait pas ça à votre époque. Le groupe Capsule a révolutionné le monde ; dans les trois que j'ai ramené, il y a le jardin, la cuisine ainsi que le générateur d'air et dans la troisième tout le médical transportable. » - Corazon est là-dedans ? » - Tout va bien pour elle, elle ne se rendra compte de rien. Je vais mettre en marche l'avion, il ne reste que huit minutes ! » Capa la suit repensant à ce qu'elle vient de dire, son esprit essaye de comprendre le procédé scientifique permettant une telle chose, mais toutes ses théories sont rapidement détruites par les lois fondamentales, aussi il s'intéresse plutôt à la façon dont ils vont sortir de la base puisqu'il y a quatre murs autour d'eux. - On sort comment ? » - Par en haut ! » Le plafond s'ouvre au dessus de leur tête baignant l'endroit d'une lumière puissante, ils ont de la chance que les créatures soient diurnes car ils auraient été coincé ici si ça avait été la nuit. Lorsqu'il entend le compte à rebours de la base, il se dirige vers l'entrée de l'avion cherchant Mace du regard, le décompte vient d'annoncer un délais de cinq minutes, Sam a déjà mis en marche l'appareil, il ne s'étonne pas plus que ça que la chose puisse décoller comme un hélicoptère ! Après la démonstration des capsules, plus rien ne pourra jamais l'impressionner ! Son bras se tend lorsqu'il voit Mace courir droit devant après avoir laissé derrière lui une grenade flash, le petit génie plisse les paupières, le militaire s'élance dans les airs, poursuivi par les balles et les cris des primates qui s'acharnent derrière lui. Il a le temps de voir tous les muscles de l'ingénieur se contracter, tandis que le corps de son amant s'élève dans les airs pour ne pas rater le décollage. Cette vision magnifique bien qu'éphémère à cause de la lumière qui commence à l'éblouir le chavire de l'intérieur. Pendant quelques courtes secondes, Mace ressembla à un ange, figé entre le ciel et la terre, illuminé d'un halo doré... Lorsqu'une main se ferme sur son avant bras, il se saisit du militaire afin qu'il puisse se hisser dans l'avion qui s'envole rapidement afin de ne pas être avaler par l'assainissement. Ce qu'il voit est à couper le souffle, une lueur noire et diffuse se propage dans les couloirs ; il s'empresse de faire monter Mace et de fermer la porte lorsqu'il voit l'acier se distordre et se rétrécir comme une boule de papier qu'on viendrait de froisser. L'alarme de leur avion s'allume lorsque la gravité s'effondre et que tout semble être aspiré dans la gueule de la réaction physique, le sable, l'air, tout ce qui passe est avalé jusqu'à ce que le calme reprenne place. La matière métallique de leur avion se crispe sous la gravité, mais la sphère noire luit une dernière fois avant de disparaitre comme par enchantement. Les siècles qu'il n'a pas vu passer devant ses yeux l'horrifient, Capa n'imagine pas ce que cette technologie aurait fait en de meilleurs temps, une nouvelle façon de faire la guerre, de détruire sans une seconde pensée... Le soleil leur avait épargné de s'exterminer. Ses jambes flagellent puis il s'écroule sur le sol, il était né en temps de crise, toute l'avancée technologique dont il avait été témoin n'avait eu qu'un seul but : protéger. Ce qu'il venait de voir lui avait noué la gorge. L'humanité avait joué avec des forces bien trop puissantes, les recherches sur la matière noire et l'antimatière avaient été les deux thèmes que la science de son siècle avait banni au même titre que le clonage et l'énergie nucléaire. Il avait suffit que l'humanité se croit sauvée pour qu'elle déterre les pires horreurs de son passé sombre... - On a eu chaud ! Ça va ? » - C'était une arme, ce qu'on vient de voir ? » Le silence de Sam lui affirme que son pressentiment était fondé, Capa serre le poing puis l'envoie dans la paroi devant lui, il voudrait hurler la rage qu'il contient, il voudrait punir l'humanité pour ça, mais il n'en reste que des souvenirs. Et si... et si leur première planète avait subi ce genre de folie meurtrière ? L'attention que lui porte soudainement Mace, il en a besoin, aussi il se cale entre ses bras essayant de chasser les images qu'il a aperçu de cette force destructrice. L'humain avait inventé tellement de belles choses, mais il ignorait si il y avait plus dans la balance du bon que dans la balance du mal et sa conscience pariait sur le mauvaise côté après un spectacle aussi désolant. Mace est silencieux pendant un long moment, comme sachant que le petit brun avait simplement besoin de ses bras et de rien d'autre. Il était militaire, lui les armes il les avait vues, il les avait utilisées, il avait tué, un monde dont le scientifique ne connaissait rien, un monde dont il voulait le protéger maladivement. Sa main frotte le dos de son amant, Capa essayait de s'accrocher à l'humanité à cause de son inventivité et de son génie mais ce n'était malheureusement pas le seul grand potentiel de celle-ci. Il laissa le temps qu'il fallait pour Capa de revenir de son introspection, lorsque le brun se redresse puis plonge son regard bleu dans le sien, la main du mécano glisse tendrement sur sa joue afin de chasser les dernières traces de cette trahison. Combien de fois s'était-il dit que l'idéalisme téméraire de son compagnon était une grossière erreur, combien de fois avait-il qualifié sa confiance dans l'être humain de connerie ? Tant de fois... de trop nombreuses fois, avant, lorsqu'ils étaient encore les astronautes de la dernière chance et même après lorsque le scientifique l'avait choisi, lui, pour cette quête d'un bout de paradis, d'un endroit qu'ils pourraient appeler maison sans difficulté. Cependant aujourd'hui il trouve cette foi idiote, touchante à souhait et espère que le scientifique gardera cette pensée positive aussi longtemps qu'il aura le loisir de vivre à ses côtés. Mace sourit lorsque les lèvres de Capa s'étirent lentement et miment ce mot qu'ils ne se sont jamais dit aussi solennellement, cette confession muette est tout ce dont le militaire a besoin, le cockpit ouvert l'empêche de faire ce à quoi il pense au premier abord, qui plus est le soldat en lui se doit d'être au près de leur médecin en cas où elle ait besoin d'un coup de main. Il embrasse ses lèvres comme pour se faire pardonner de ce qu'il va faire car il desserre son étreinte autour des épaules du petit génie qui frisonne aussitôt. - Merci. » - Pas de ça entre nous, Roby. Tu avais besoin de moi, c'était normal que je sois là pour toi. » - Merci quand même. » L'autre lui sourit d'une façon presque adoratrice qu'il en perd sa volonté première de rejoindre le siège de copilote, il serre à nouveau son protégé entre ses bras puis s'éclaircit la voix. - Sam ? Tout se passe bien ? » La jeune femme pivote légèrement sur son siège, jetant un rapide coup d'œil en arrière, puis retourne faire attention aux indications sur le tableau de bord. Elle semble super à l'aise aux commandes de cet engin, il se demande si elle a un parcourt militaire ou si c'est son côté machine qui l'aide dans cette entreprise, en tout cas, elle lui annonce avec sérieux qu'elle l'appellera si jamais elle avait besoin d'une aide quelconque. Pour lors, elle prend le chemin de l'Afrique jusqu'à temps que la force solaire baisse leur demandant d'atterrir quelque part ; elle pense à juste titre qu'ils devront faire un arrêt dans ce qui reste de la France avant de faire le restant du chemin dès le levé du soleil du lendemain. Comme son instinct de militaire le lui dicte, Sam ne prendra pas le risque de bivouaquer en Afrique, surtout qu'avec la remontée du continent sur la plaque eurasienne, le désert n'est plus du tout au même endroit et qu'il est fort possible de trouver l'Afrique du nord aussi luxuriante que dans l'Égypte antique, Mace salue son initiative. Un danger de plus qu'ils éviteront, il y aura déjà assez de risques durant le temps qu'ils trouvent un endroit dégagé afin de se poser près de leur carrosse au péril de voir la population primitive leur sauter dessus pendant qu'ils se préparent ! Mace est quand même étonné qu'une scientifique, qui plus est une biologiste de métier ait pris en compte ce genre de choses, il suspecte que Capa, bien loin d'être idiot pourtant, n'ait pris dans cette situation la solution inverse, le menant dans les ennuis et le danger de la savane africaine. Parlant de ça, l'inconnu le rend anxieux ; il n'oublie pas ce qu'à dit Sam, les soldats envoyés là-bas n'ont jamais redonnés signe de vie, était-ce à cause de la machine ou à cause des singes gris ? Ne pas savoir ce qui l'attend là-bas l'énerve au plus haut point, il se sent incapable de protéger correctement Robert en ayant aucune information sur le nombre potentiel de leurs ennemis, leur armement et leur sauvagerie. Ils se sont mis d'accord sur un point, ce voyage ils le font à deux ou pas du tout, quoi qu'il se passera en Éthiopie, le sort décidera pour Capa et pour lui. Il ne peut s'empêcher de penser à ce qu'ils trouveront lorsque la main de Capa le tire vers les lèvres du petit génie qui soudainement observe nerveusement Sam. - Si le soleil a tué tout le monde, sans toucher à la Terre, qui a chamboulé l'ordre des continents d'après toi ? » Sam n'en a jamais parlé et il ne s'est pas posé la question, au début l'ingénieur ne comprend pas où veut en venir son amant. Surtout, il ne s'explique pas ses mots bas et cette tension qui a pris le scientifique comme si Robert avait maintenant peur de leur amie. - Je ne veux pas d'elle là-bas. » - On va pas... » - Tu te débarrasses d'elle, Mace ! » - C'est un... » - Une machine, un humain modifié, une scientifique militaire ! Comment ces singes sont entrés ? Tu trouves pas ça bizarre ? Et où elle se rendait quand on la voyait pas pendant des heures ?! » - Question, c'est ta jalousie qui parle ou autre chose ? » Autre chose, visiblement vu la courbe peu gracieuse dont est victime le sourcil droit de son compagnon. Le petit génie semble avoir envie de lui en fiche une, bien qu'il se morde la lèvre inférieure le temps de se calmer afin de ne pas céder à la tentation. La tête de Mace tombe sur la carlingue en soupirant, il en profite pour étudier les faits et gestes de la femme. Ce qui l'étonne à l'examiner comme ça, c'est de la voir détendue aux commandes de l'avion, Capa était déjà bien incapable de contrôler une voiture, il n'imaginait pas lui donner le manche d'un avion ! Sam était un toubib, c'était la biologie son domaine pas les armes -enfin quoi que on devait bien certains virus à d'imminents médecins-, ni l'aviation... Mace pouvait bien piloter ce genre de chose, en potassant un peu la machine car il était dans sa nature de savoir comment fonctionnait ces monstres d'ingénierie et puis il avait passé pas mal de temps à l'armée... Attendez ! Tout à coup le cerveau ramolli du soldat se réveille reprenant en compte une chose qu'il a un peu occulté certainement à cause de son décès. Comme tout bon militaire il s'était décidé de rentrer à la maison, dans un fort, bien sécurisé et c'est dans cet endroit qu'ils avaient trouvé Sam. Le fort sécurisé de Fort Knox, l'ancienne réserve d'or de son monde. Un endroit que personne ne pouvait pénétrer sans y être invité. Il se rappelle avoir passé un examen de la rétine pour que l'AI lui ouvre les portes des sas du secteur 3 sans qu'il ne suive bêtement leur sauveuse rien que pour aller pisser. Un toubib oui, mais militaire, visiblement assez dégourdie pour piloter, à moins qu'elle ait appris avec cet homme dont elle lui avait parlé. Quoi qu'il en soit, c'est bien une militaire, n'avait-elle pas dit qu'ils avaient mis les puces au début dans les humains les plus qualifiés ? Une belle façon de dire que l'on commençait par les organismes militaires, fédéraux et para-militaire, d'où qu'elle vienne, que ce soit de l'armée de terre, de mer, d'air, de la NASA, de la CIA ou d'une entité leur ressemblant, Sam n'était pas n'importe qui, car elle avait eu accès à Fort Knox ! Pourquoi n'était-elle pas partie pour Mars, pourquoi était-elle resté ? Une mission ? Un abandon ? Un dommage collatéral qu'on avait sciemment laissé derrière ? Qu'importait la réponse, les questions de Capa semèrent le doute dans son esprit. Il n'avait jamais demandé à Sam sur quoi portait ses recherches et quand il était devenu curieux, la femme avait toujours répondu évasivement, un truc de scientifique ! Il pensait qu'elle ne voulait pas passer trois heures à lui expliquer en version compréhensible, la globalité de ses recherches. - J'ai enclenché le pilote automatique. Ça va vous deux ? » Les yeux bleus de Mace la scrutent un moment puis il incline la tête, il serre Capa contre lui tandis que les scénarios se pressent à l'intérieur de son crâne. Certains sont peut-être abracadabrants mais sa gorge se noue car au milieu de toutes ces idées, une seule est la vrai, une seule est véritablement plausible et ça le fait frémir. Exit les idées venant de films de science fictions parlant de soulèvement des machines, parlant de savant-fous ayant détruit le monde, exit aussi le projet militaire ayant changé la population en zombies, non, tout à coup son corps entier lui disait d'en finir avec elle et rapidement. Mais ça ne serait pas dans l'avion, car c'était une très mauvaise idée, il n'était même pas sûr de pouvoir le contrôler et puis se battre dans ce genre de chose pouvait être dangereux. Pour lors, il se devait de rester impassible, espérant qu'elle n'avait pas hérité avec sa robotisation d'une acuité auditive supérieure à la normale ! Mace sent soudainement un frisson froid comme la mort le transpercer de part en part, il voit Sam comme une machine depuis, mais qu'en est-il d'eux ? Lorsque sa main tombe sur la plaque métallique logée à la base de sa nuque, sa respiration s'arrête. Qu'est-ce que cela fait de Capa et de lui ? Il n'en sait rien ; étrangement Capa ne les a jamais touchée, ni même observée, si il avait fait des recherches sur la plaque micro-biotechnologique, jamais le physicien n'en avait informé le militaire. Ils ne sont peut-être plus tout à fait humains et c'est pas plus mal que ça, car il a besoin d'être fort pour deux et surtout de ne pas flancher. - Ça va, enfin ça ira mieux lorsqu'on sera à bord de l'engin et loin de cette planète. » - J'en suis certaine. On y sera demain, vous feriez mieux de vous reposer un peu, on ne sait pas ce qui nous attend cette nuit. De plus Capa, on aura besoin de cent pour cent de tes capacités, j'ai bien peur que cette chose possède un système de sécurité menaçant. » Elle est belle, là, installée sur son fauteuil de pilote, les cheveux blonds lâchés sur ses frêles épaules. Mace pourrait lui donner le bon dieu sans confession et c'était là, la seule raison pour laquelle il ne s'était jamais méfié d'elle. Elle aurait été un homme que Mace est certain de ne pas avoir pu accepter les omissions qu'elle avait faites volontairement, noyant le poisson à chaque questions un peu trop aventureuses qu'il avait avancées. Pour ne pas attirer l'attention sur eux, il attire Capa sur ses cuisses amenant son visage dans le creux de son cou, il préfère renifler le parfum de cet homme et prendre un peu de repos. Le physicien se laisse faire, se calant contre son corps, il sait qu'il n'est pas tranquille mais pour le moment ils ne peuvent rien faire. - On est arrivée. Je vais faire un tour de reconnaissance. » - J'arrive ! » Mace fait un signe de la tête à l'intention de Capa, il n'a pas oublié ce qu'il doit faire, mais avant il doit être certain que le seul futur conflit qu'il va mener ne sera pas mis à mal par des invités surprises. Il embrasse les lèvres de son amant avant de lui glisser furtivement un ordre que seul le lieutenant ose exiger. - Branche l'AI, scelle la sortie, fait en sorte que toutes les autres possibles entrées soient inaccessibles. » - Et toi ? » - Tu sauras, si c'est moi qui revient, si tu me vois pas revenir avec elle... fais ce que tu as à faire ! » - Mace... » - C'est un ordre. Tu sors sous aucun prétexte, tu m'entends, aucun ! » - J'ai besoin de toi... » Il le sait, oh oui il le sait, mais il ne fera pas de promesse qu'il ne pourra peut-être pas tenir. Le militaire attrape son arme, puis suit Sam, observant avec tristesse et détermination le petit génie dont il est tombé amoureux. Alors oui c'est un homme, mais vivre sans lui sera impossible, comme ça le sera pour Robert si il ne revient pas. Lorsque l'ingénieur a descendu la dernière marche, le petit brun inspire profondément puis appuis sur le bouton pour refermer l'appareil, il n'y a rien qu'il peut faire maintenant à part être ici, bien protéger afin que le mécano ne se fasse pas de soucis pour lui. Très vite, il a bidouillé l'AI pour qu'elle prenne le contrôle de l'avion et lui demande de sceller chaque entrée. Une fois ceci fait, il regarde l'écran qui mène à l'entrée principale, Mace a disparu du champ de vision, mais il espère bientôt le revoir... - Capa ? » Le petit génie sursaute, il a du somnoler un peu. Ce n'est pas la voix de Mace, pourtant ça ne l'empêche pas de regarder avec espoir l'écran en face de lui. Sam est debout devant l'entrée du sas, au début, il ne voit pas son amant et le sang bat de plus en plus fort contre ses tempes ; il pense que Sam l'a tué ou l'a laissé au milieu des ennemis, qu'il est mort et qu'il ne reverra jamais plus le militaire. Il n'ouvrira pas la porte, le lieutenant lui a donné un ordre et bien que civil, il lui obéira. Il s'apprête à éteindre l'écran lorsqu'il voit la botte militaire de l'ingénieur entre les doigts de la main droite de la biologiste. En zoomant, il voit une jambe, une cuisse et un morceau de bassin ce n'est pas un espoir vain, il sait que c'est Mace. Pourquoi ? Parce qu'il connait sa structure, Robert l'a appris et mémorisé la nuit dernière. Il ne peut voir si l'homme respire toujours, mais il ne peut pas prendre le risque de le laisser dehors si il y a une toute petit chance qu'il soit encore en vie. Le physicien attrape son pistolet neutralisant, c'est la seule arme qu'il a bien voulu accepter des mains du mécanicien parce qu'elle ne tuait pas, enfin pas obligatoirement. Sa main armée tremble, Capa a peur de ce qui va se passer, mais il n'a pas le choix. - Kaneda. Coupe la lumière dès que j'ouvre la porte. » L'AI fait un petit bip affirmatif, il ignore si Sam sait qu'il a changé l'intelligence artificielle, qu'il l'a doté de sentiments, ou d'ébauche de ceux-ci, qu'il l'a personnifié et qu'il lui a même donné un nom. Il travaille encore sur sa voix, pour lors Kaneda ne sait que siffler comme un dauphin, mais son boulot avance bien et lorsqu'ils seront chez eux, il aura tout le temps de le peaufiner. Le nom était venu tout seul et c'était bien mieux que la version militaire faites de chiffres et de lettres ! Il appuie sur le bouton puis se recule, il ne laisse pas vraiment le temps à Sam de se poser des questions lorsque la lumière s'éteint abruptement et il tire sans même savoir si ça lui fera quelque chose. Le grognement de la femme lui indique qu'il a bien réussi, elle n'a pas le temps d'énoncer sa surprise qu'elle tombe sur le sol. - Kaneda, rallume ! » Un autre sifflement puis la lumière se fait, il appuie rapidement sur le bouton de fermeture et remonte la passerelle. Une fois fait, il se baisse vers son amant afin de prendre son pouls, il n'est pas surpris lorsque soudainement la main du militaire se ferme sur sa trachée le temps qu'il reprenne connaissance et stabilise son regard vers la personne à ses côtés. La pression se relâche tandis qu'il observe les alentours essayant de savoir ce qui s'est passé pendant son inconscience. - Il s'est passé quoi ? » - Je lui ai posé la mauvaise question, visiblement. La dernière fois qu'une fille m'a mis une telle raclée c'est quand j'ai voulu savoir si elle était plutôt string ou nue sous sa jupe... La vache ! » - Mace ! » Capa soupire, il commence à ne plus se laisser émouvoir par ce genre de bribes du passé, quoi qu'il s'inquiète toujours de ce qu'ils vont trouver sur leur ancienne planète. Capa a confiance en son amant, en tout cas, il essaye de ne pas penser au pire car quelque chose le lie maintenant au mécanicien. Il sourit lorsque Mace s'assoit en observant Sam allongée sur le sol, le militaire hausse un sourcil, le questionnant du regard le temps qu'il lui montre son arme. - Pas mal... Faut la ficeler avant qu'elle se réveille et refasse une prise de kung fu ! » Le T-shirt de Robert Mace est bien trop moulant, enfin pas exactement \"trop\", tout du moins pas pour lui, car il profite du show, observant les muscles du militaire se bander tandis qu'il sécurise leur zone de confort en immobilisant la biologiste. - C'est pas une putain de doc, j'en ai vu sur le terrain ils savent se battre un peu, mais pas comme ça, elle fait pas parti de l'armée ! Et je pense pas que le self défense ou je ne sais trop quoi fasse partie des matières qu'on enseigne en faculté de médecine, de bio, ou de chimie ou qu'importe son diplôme ! Elle t'a dit sur quoi elle bossait ? Roby t'écoutes ce que je dis ? » Il est surpris lorsque le militaire se retourne en inclinant la tête, son cerveau l'a lâché, Capa est multi-tâches, il est bien capable de suivre une discussion tout en récitant les principes de la théorie des cordes cela dit, il n'a rien entendu de ce que lui a dit Mace, trop occupé à laisser son esprit vaquer le long de ses muscles. Un phénomène qu'il rencontre pour une toute première fois, bien qu'il sache que Mace pouvait parasiter son esprit bien des fois ! Là ses pensées furent si loin que pas un seul mot n'avait imprégné son attention. - Elle t'as parlé de ses recherches ? Nom de dieu, Capa, tu fantasmeras à un autre moment. » - Je... » Il doit être rouge à présent, le physicien comprend que ce n'est en rien le moment de se laisser divertir et que Mace a agi comme le militaire qu'il est, mais la remarque manque de sympathie. Tout en inclinant la tête afin de se cacher derrière sa chevelure le petit génie soupire, ses yeux tombent sur le sol métallique où ils restent concentrés. - Je dirais biologie moléculaire, peut-être ADN. J'ai abandonné la biologie très tôt et enfin tu vois... La plus part des choses que j'ai apprises sont devenues obsolètes, mais je dirais génome humain, elle devait être dans le staff de sa création. Elle doit être bourrée de nanites, mais je doute que ça soit la seule réponse à son... grand age. Ils ont certainement du reprogrammer le génome humain. » Mace a du mal à déglutir, il aurait préféré se tromper, mais visiblement bien que très inférieur à eux au niveau de ses capacités mentales, il sait utiliser son intuition et y accorde beaucoup de valeur. Lorsqu'il est certain que Sam ne pourra pas se libérer, il tapote le visage de la femme pour qu'elle se réveille. Son regard se fige sur lui puis sur Capa, il la sent vouloir se détacher aussi il pointe la lame de son couteau contre le sein gauche de la femme, là où très exactement son cœur bat. - Comment ils sont entrés, répond ?! » Son visage est de glace, Sam sourit peu ou juste lorsqu'elle essaye de les mettre à l'aise, cela dit ceux-ci ne sont pas de vrais sourires. Il n'a pu en voir que lorsqu'elle parlait de Lucas, comme si sa nouvelle condition avait confiné ses sentiments quelque part où plus personne ne pouvait y accéder. Leurs yeux se sondent, jusqu'à ce que son regard se braque sur le scientifique qui la jauge d'un regard accusateur. - Ils sont venus chercher des spécimens que j'avais attrapés. Je les étudiais simplement ! » Le petit génie derrière lui grogne, se retenant de devenir sarcastique, chose que le militaire bénit car ils n'en ont pas besoin pour l'instant. - Comment ils sont entrés ? » - Je l'ignore, ils possèdent un cerveau très différent et la seule explication plausible, c'est qu'ils puissent faire de la télékinésie ou quelque s'y rapprochant. En tout cas, ils ont su duper notre AI. » - Pourquoi ne pas nous avoir dit qu'on avait des... singes savants dans le bâtiment ? » - Ce sont mes recherches, ça ne vous regarde pas. Vous n'auriez jamais du arriver jusque là. J'aurais pu vous laisser mourir dehors, mais je vous ai sauvé. Ça ne vous suffit pas ? » - Non. Du tout... » Mace fronce les sourcils, la pointe de son couteau fend la chaire de la femme qui retient une respiration saccadé. Il devait savoir avant de continuer si elle pouvait encore ressentir la douleur physique. L'armée ne fait pas que des saints et des protecteurs, elle fait aussi des interrogateurs, des hommes capables de soutirer n'importe quelle information et Mace avait eu le meilleur des instructeurs dans la personne de Kaneda. - Capa, va dans la soute. » - Quoi ?! » - Je te demande d'aller dans la soute, maintenant ! » - Pourquoi ? » - Fait ce que je te dis, je t'en prie, t'as pas besoin de voir ça ! » De voir qui il peut être véritablement. Mace le supplie de son regard, il y a une limite à ce qu'il peut faire devant son amant et jamais il ne veut voir de dégout ou de peur dans les yeux du physicien. Il faut un moment pour que Capa réagisse et qu'il comprenne ce que s'apprête à faire le militaire, sa bouche s'ouvre lentement comme si un cri d'horreur voulait quitter ses cordes vocales lorsque la réalisation se fait. - Tu peux pas faire ça. » - Capa, s'il te plait. » - Non, tu feras pas ça, je te laisserais pas faire ça ! La passé c'est le passé et j'accepte tout ce que tu as pu y faire, mais moi vivant, tu ne referas pas ça ! » Le petit génie est ferme, il s'approche de lui et le désarme puisque Mace n'a pas cœur à aller à l'encontre du physicien il se laisse faire, mais se demande bien comment ils vont avoir réponse à leurs questions. - Même si c'est une machine, même si elle nous a trahi et même si je pense certainement qu'elle planifiait encore pire, j'ai aucune envie de la faire souffrir. Kaneda, dis-moi ce que tu sais sur notre invité. » Le nom fait réagir son amant qui observe l'AI avec stupeur, la chose émet quelque bips et sifflements avant de loader tout un tas d'informations à propos de Sam sur l'écran principal, des choses futiles pour la plus part, ses gouts, les livres qu'elle avait lu, tout ce dont l'AI avait été témoin. Sa prise de fonction ainsi que ses ordres... Étude et compréhension de la nouvelle race de primates, analyse du dispositif PX4598, analyse identification et localisation de Neo Gaïa... - Mon dieu... la base avancée sur Mars n'est que temporaire, ils veulent mettre la main sur Neo Gaïa, notre berceau. On va pas laisser faire ça Mace ! Attends... ils ont prévu de... vous voulez faire de ces singes gris des esclaves ? C'est ça ?! » Il n'a jamais vu Capa comme ça, le petit génie est furie lorsqu'il s'élance sur Sam afin de se saisir d'elle par le col de son uniforme. - Vous aviez pas assez fait, bousiller la Terre, vous faire la guerre ! Vous avez fait quoi, hein ? Vous avez lancé des assainissements sur les singes ? Vous avez fait quoi ? Répond, pourquoi la Terre est dans cet état ! » La femme le défit de son regard, elle n'ouvrira pas la bouche. Capa tremble, il voit des larmes inonder ses grands yeux pâles et ça lui fait mal. Mace comprend pourquoi Sam a fait ça, les ordres sont parfois plus importants que le bon sens, lui aussi a été un soldat avant d'être un humain, mais aujourd'hui simplement le bienêtre de Capa lui est important, alors oui, il reste un soldat au fond, mais l'humain a pris dès lors plus de place, l'humain prend les décisions avant que le soldat ne les exécute. - Tu semblais... être quelqu'un de juste et tout ce que tu veux c'est... réitérer les erreurs du passé ! Tu n'as donc rien appris ?! » - La station de Mars ne tiendra pas plus de cent ans encore. Tu pourras vivre avec ça ? La disparition de l'humanité ?! » - Mieux que je ne supporterais l'idée de savoir qu'elle détruira une seconde planète. » - Ton dossier disait bien que tu étais un utopiste, je ne pensais pas que ça serait à ce point ! Et dire que tu te tapes un soldat de la révolte de Tokyo. Tu devrais demander à Robert Mace ce qu'il a fait pendant ce mois de combat ! Capa, il faut savoir se salir les mains ! Et ta bombe tu sais comment elle a été faite ? » - Sam ça suffit ! » Le regard de Capa s'agrandit, seul le staff militaire sait comment les deux bombes ont été crée et Mace sait de source sûre que le physicien aurait préféré laisser le planète succomber plutôt que d'adhérer à ce genre de pratiques. Mais parfois, oui juste parfois, tous les moyens étaient bons pour une cause. - De quoi elle parle ?! » - Capa je t'en prie. » - Mace, je préfère l'entendre de ta bouche plutôt que de questionner l'AI, mais sache que je le ferais si tu ne parles pas tout de suite. » Le militaire ferme les yeux, Sam est en train de se servir de la fragilité émotive de Capa pour semer le trouble entre eux, c'est un trait de caractéristique que l'on rencontre chez les survivants. Il ne peut répondre à Capa, il ne sera pas celui qui détruira les espoirs de son amant. Il soupire puis observe Sam comme si il voulait la tuer de ses doigts. - D'accord ! Kaneda, sort les dossiers des émeutes de Tokyo ainsi que les dossiers sur les bombes d'Icarus I et II. » Le temps est silence, il sait ce dont est témoin le regard de son amant, ses états de services, sa réelle mission sous couvert d'un aspect humanitaire. Il sait que son amant va tomber de haut lorsqu'il saura ce que le vertueux capitaine Kaneda a accepté de faire pour la survie de tous. Il sait aussi ce que le physicien va penser de sa bombe et du travail qu'il a fait avec, maintenant qu'il va savoir ou sait déjà comment elle a été fabriquée et combien de gens sont tombés pour sa construction. L'arme du petit génie tombe à terre, il est nauséeux, Mace se rend compte avec effroi qu'il y a des clichés accompagnant les observations faites lors forages des anciens sites de déchets nucléaires. - C'est vrai ? » - Oui. On avait besoin de beaucoup d'éléments nucléaires en si peu de temps. Au début ils ont utilisé tous les prisonniers à vie et les condamnés à mort pour déterrer les matières premières, ensuite ils ont du trouver de la main d'œuvre gratuite et perrisable, d'autres prisonniers, des volontaires payés au lance pierre, des pauvres attirés par la monnaie des pays de l'hémisphère nord. » - Tu sais les douleurs qu'on éprouve en mourant via des expositions prolongées à l'uranium et au plutonium ? » - Capa, de toi à moi, et tu sais que je t'aime. Comment croyais-tu qu'on les avait fabriqué ? Avec des machines ? Et ça aurait couté combien, et à qui ? On avait déjà dépensé des milliards dans le projet Icarus I, si des milliardaires n'avaient pas donné volontairement, on serait tous morts. On a fait des choix, l'armée a fait des choix et comme toujours oui, c'est les pauvres et les faibles qui en ont payé le prix fort ! » Pour quelques billets verts, pour donner un meilleur avenir pour leurs enfants, pour qu'ils aient un avenir tout court des gens avaient donné leur vie, travaillant dans ces enfers qu'avec une protection minime, histoire qu'ils ne meurent pas avant d'avoir rendu leur travail rentable. Les riches avaient donné leur argent et les pauvres leur vie. Les émeutes de Tokyo avaient débuté à cause de la peur, de l'échec d'Icarus I, des sacrifices faits en vain et surtout de l'urgence qui avait obligé les états du nord à envoyer de la main d'œuvre. Ainsi des milliers de jeunes hommes issus de familles pauvres ou modestes avaient été envoyé dans les centres de déchets radioactifs. Toute personne non nécessaire au projet Icarus II et tout récalcitrant à la loi y avait été envoyé. C'est comme ça qu'il avait perdu tous ses frères, à l'exception du plus âgé qui avait offert ses services de soudeur. - Et tu es parti en connaissance de cause ? » - Écoute Capa, d'accord ou pas, mes frères ont été envoyé sur le site d'Ukraine et aucun n'en est revenu. Si j'avais dit non à cette mission, on m'aurait remplacé et j'aurais certainement été envoyé au même endroit que mes frères ! On a tous fait des choix qui nous ont demandé soit de fermer les yeux, comme toi, soit de vivre avec du sang sur les mains, comme moi ! Alors oui, j'ai tué des gens pour que la vérité ne vienne jamais aux oreilles de la majorité de la population. On appelle ça tuer une révolution mondiale dans l'œuf. J'ai vu Kaneda soutirer des informations et on a fait exécuter les mères, les frères, les femmes et les enfants de ces dissidents. Maintenant choisi ! Choisi Capa ! Soit tu entres dans le jeu de Sam et tu décides de l'aider à pourrir notre nouvelle destination en y envoyant toute l'humanité, soit tu appuis sur l'autodestruction et tu nous tues tous les trois en esperant qu'elle n'a pas envoyé les résultats de tes recherches là-bas, soit... On fait le choix de fermer les yeux et de laisser mourir tous ces gens sur Mars ! Parce que crois-moi, il y a aussi des gens bien là-bas, des enfants, des parents, des personnes d'honneur et de parole, mais on ne peut pas sauver tout le monde et vivre dans la paix et les petits papillons ! Qu'il hait ses mots, il se maudit de parler sur ce ton à Capa mais il n'a pas le choix, ils n'ont pas le loisir de s'encombrer de principes et d'intégrité, pas quand les enjeux sont tels. Après de longues minutes de silence durant lesquelles Robert ne l'a pas regardé un seul instant le petit génie se retourne vers l'AI. - Mace, je déteste cet homme que je découvre, en fait, au fond tu es comme Sam et ça me dégoute d'avoir autant de sentiments pour quelqu'un comme toi. Je t'ai ouvert mon cœur ! Le pire dans tout ça c'est certainement le fait que malgré mon intelligence, j'ai pu être aveugle aussi longtemps et croire que l'humain pouvait être quelqu'un de juste et de bienveillant. Mais si je suis encore en vie aujourd'hui, c'est simplement parce que des riches avaient trop peur de mourir et qu'ils ont tué des gens pour survivre ! C'est parce que je suis trop intelligent et qu'il avaient besoin de mon cerveau que ma famille a été épargnée ! » - Capa... » - Ne t'approche pas de moi Mace, ne me touche surtout pas ! » Tout se termine donc ici ? Mace se résigne, il n'a pas toujours été un homme bon, ça il le sait, mais il ne mérite pas non plus le dégout qu'il inspire maintenant à son amant. Les temps avaient été durs pour tous et chacun avait choisi de survivre ou de rester fidèle à ses idéaux. Mace préférait la vie plutôt que les prises de position car ce n'est pas ça qui nourrissait un homme. - Mets-la dans la soute, je dois réfléchir à ce que je vais faire. » Le temps est long dans l'obscurité de l'avion, Mace tourne le dos à Capa, il ne veut pas l'observer, ça lui ferait trop mal au cœur. Il est roulé en boule sur le sol froid à se demander quel sort lui réserve l'avenir et le physicien. Il ne peut oublier son regard trahi lorsqu'il lui a demandé de ne pas le toucher et ça l'empêche de fermer l'œil. Il n'est pas le seul à veiller, la seule luminosité provient de l'écran connecté à l'AI, le mécano sait ce que fait son amant, si il peut encore espérer pouvoir l'appeler comme ça. Il ignore si il supportera encore un échec dans sa vie sentimentale mais il ne courra pas derrière Capa, il ne s'excusera pas pour ce qu'il a fait car il ne serait pas à auprès de l'homme qu'il a appris à aimer. Le sort avait fait que c'était plutôt mal parti pour eux, une mission à l'issue certaine, des prises de tête à répétition, des coups, des paroles déchirantes, de la rancune ou de l'indifférence avaient été leur lot quotidien. Et puis tout ça, leur mission, leur envie de vivre et de sauver les leurs avait rendu cette relation stérile et destructrice, féconde et efficace. Ils avaient survécu jusque là, Mace s'était battu, n'avait jamais flanché, qu'importe les réalisations, la difficulté de cette nouvelle vie loin du confort qu'il avait toujours connu... Capa l'avait rendu meilleur. Ça fait longtemps qu'il n'a pas pleuré mais là dans l'obscurité il ferme les yeux et sent le sel lui bruler les globes oculaires. Il ne peut pas perdre Roby, il ne veut pas vivre sans lui ! Et tandis que les doigts du physicien jouent sur les touches, tandis qu'il effeuille sa vie de militaire et les décisions qu'il a prises pour survivre, ses larmes coulent. Il ne pensait pas un seul instant que son envie de survivre le condamnerait à crever seul.[Chapter 15] Another Earth 15 Le soleil est à présent haut dans le ciel, Mace n'a pas fermé les yeux de la nuit, ou plutôt il les a gardé fermés pour ne pas rendre tout ceci réel. Il éprouve une peur singulière, pas qu'il soit étranger à la peur, non, il n'est qu'un homme. Mais celle-ci est perfide au point que ses genoux tremblent lorsque Capa se lève enfin de son siège. - Lorsque les singes gris ont dénoté de signes d'intelligence, au lieu d'aller vers eux et qui sait leur apprendre ou les inviter à vivre avec nous, ils ont envoyé des bombes d'espace-temps. Oui, le soleil détruisait l'espèce humaine, mais qu'a fait l'humanité ? Elle a utilisé l'arme qui la tuait pour tuer. Logique ! Leur arme a touché le noyau de la Terre et ça a déchainé les éléments. Des orages apocalyptiques, des tornades de force inimaginable jusqu'alors, des tremblements de terre en série... Les singes sont devenus encore plus intelligents et nous encore plus cons. Au final je suis content que l'humanité ait disparu. » Soit, Capa lui parle et ne se contente pas de rester silencieux dans son coin, mais il sait aussi que le scientifique ne le regarde pas, lui. Jamais il n'a voulu trahir la confiance que Roby a mis en lui, pas plus qu'il n'a voulu bafouer l'amour qu'il lui a accordé en dépit de son problème mental. Il ne lui a jamais menti, peut-être a-t-il caché ce pan de son histoire, mais Capa ne s'est jamais montré curieux de ce qu'il a fait à l'armée. C'est vrai, il ignore si il aurait eu le courage de lui avouer ce dont lui-même n'est pas fier, mais il avait fait de son mieux pour être quelqu'un de bien sur lequel le petit génie aurait pu compter jusqu'à la fin. - J'ai été un idiot, un véritable gamin. J'ai été stupide... Un pantin aveugle ! Au moins je peux remercier Sam pour une chose : elle m'a ouvert les yeux et je ne vais pas les refermer de si tôt. L'humanité n'est pas ce pourquoi je me suis battu, elle n'est pas digne de survivre. Je ne trahirais pas la conscience du soleil, je vais abandonner les miens à leur sort, celui qu'ils méritent. Kaneda, allume les moteurs, on s'en va. Mace, largue Sam dehors, y'a pas de place pour elle, là où je vais. » Le militaire se lève enfin, lorsqu'il examine Capa son cœur se fend, le jeune homme a les yeux rouges ; il semble fatigué, vidé et surtout seul à tel point que l'envie de le prendre dans ses bras devient irrésistible. Cela dit au premier pas qu'il effectue dans la direction du physicien, les yeux de celui-ci se braquent sur sa personne et le menacent. C'est pire encore que lorsqu'ils se mettaient sur la gueule. Capa parle de lui en solo, Mace comprend alors qu'il ne fera pas parti du voyage. Le militaire redresse son dos puis se tourne vers l'arrière de l'appareil, afin d'exécuter sa tâche, tâche dont Capa va peut-être se servir pour l'abandonner derrière. Il aurait préféré que le jeune homme se fâche, qu'il l'insulte, au pire qu'il le frappe ou lui tire dessus avec son fichu pistolet tranquillisant plutôt que de le laisser ainsi sans un mot, sans un reproche vocalisé. Une fois dans la soute, il attrape Sam qui essaye de se débattre, mais il la neutralise sans réellement y penser. C'est à cause d'elle, à cause d'elle ! Ils auraient pu vivre heureux, tout les deux, mais cette femme avait tout fichu en l'air. Même si Robert n'avait pas cœur de le laisser crever ici, même si il l'emmenait en l'honneur de ce qu'il avait déclenché chez le physicien, plus jamais il ne le verrait sourire innocemment, plus jamais il ne défendrait son gentil mirage à propos de l'humanité. - On a tout essayé, personne n'a réussi à finir le puzzle. Ces idiots ont sauvé leur peau en laissant les plus grands cerveaux de l'humanité périr durant la fin du monde moderne. Quand j'ai vu Capa dehors... Je me suis dit que c'était un signe du destin, mais ce gamin est décevant, il n'a pas la carrure pour faire ce qui doit être fait ! Mace... je suis désolée pour toi, d'avoir cru un seul instant que cet homme t'aimerait pour ce que tu es. » - Lucas ? » - Très intelligent, trop. Lorsqu'il a compris sur quoi je travaillais et ce que j'avais fait, il a essayé de détruire la base. » - Qu'as-tu fais ? » - Ce pourquoi j'ai été laissé ici. Terminer la mission ! » - Tu l'as tué ? » - Je me suis servi de lui, afin d'attraper mon premier spécimen vivant. » Ce qu'elle ne dit pas et préfère laisser en suspend l'écœure. Il y a des limites entre ce que l'on peut faire pour le bien d'autrui et ce que le soldat qu'il ait, n'aurait pas pu commettre. Tuer quelqu'un important à ses yeux est quelque chose qu'il ne conçoit pas. On lui mettrait un flingue sur la tempe, là maintenant avec le choix de mourir ou de tuer Roby, il préfèrerait accepter la balle. - Tu es un monstre. » - Mais tout comme toi. N'oublie pas maintenant qu'il le sait. Fait ce pourquoi tu es né, lieutenant, réponds aux ordres ! Ta mission était de protéger le gouvernement et si tu laisses faire Capa, ils mourront ! » - Je suis peut-être un monstre, mais il y a une différence entre toi et moi, moi je ne tuerais pas l'homme que j'aime ! » - Dire que le général Finley t'as toujours cité comme modèle, si il pouvait te voir aujourd'hui... Tu te souviens de lui, hein ? Le petit sous lieutenant qui t'as sauvé la vie lorsque tu n'étais qu'aspirant. Il t'a glorifié Mace, à tel point que tu étais dans chacun de mes livres d'histoire. Si je n'avais pas eu besoin de l'intelligence de Capa, je t'aurais jamais laissé retrouver la mémoire, tu aurais été le meilleur des amants. Tu vaux mieux que ça, il va t'abandonner comme un chien derrière lui ! Tu es devenu bien pathétique, lieutenant. » - La ferme ! » La colère monte de plus en plus, il est bien en peine de ne pas se mettre à hurler. Il le sait, Capa ne reviendra pas dans ses bras, il va partir comme est partie Lindsay, il sera à nouveau seul, livré à lui même et tout ce qu'il trouvera à faire c'est de survivre car il n'est pas homme à se laisser mourir, même si il avait déjà tenté par le passé de se flinguer. Cette perspective le rend dingue car il ne veut pas vivre sans Capa pas plus qu'il ne veut continuer de le décevoir ! Cette langue de vipère, il veut la faire taire, il veut qu'elle s'arrête ! Mace hurle tandis que ses mains se referment contre le cou de la femme. Il souffre et cette douleur avide le happe dans les ténèbres ; comment a-t-il pu croire que Robert resterait avec lui en le découvrant si pur, si doux, si... beau. Roby mérite mieux, peut-être que sur Neo Gaïa ou qu'importe son véritable nom, quelqu'un saura être digne de cet homme, mais ça ne sera pas lui. Alors qu'importe, qu'importe si il se salit les mains encore une fois ! Lorsque Sam ne bouge plus, ses mains tremblent comme des feuilles, il pleure mais il n'est pas triste pour elle, pas plus qu'il n'ait triste pour lui. Il est vide émotionellement parlant, tout ce qu'il voit c'est le corps qu'il a laissé derrière lui et ça lui rappelle des choses qu'il veut fuir. Il essaye de se lever mais retombe sur le sol, incapable de tenir sur ses jambes qui ne sauraient de toute façon plus le porter. Pourquoi ? N'avait-il pas assez enduré de coups et de mauvais jours lorsqu'il était gosse ? N'avait-il pas assez flirté avec la mort dans les coups douteux de ses frères ? L'armée était censée lui donner un but, une nouvelle vie qu'il avait utilisée pour... tuer. N'avait-il jamais fait le bon choix, comme de laisser son cœur parler et dire à Lindsay qu'il était sérieux et voulait fonder une famille plutôt que de la perdre à cause de ce côté sauvage qui ne l'avait jamais quitté ? Ses doigts crispés empoignent sa chevelure courte qu'il tire à s'en faire mal, il ne veut pas du vide, il ne veut pas de la solitude. - Mace... qu'as-tu fait ? » Ce n'est que lorsque la surprise d'entendre Capa lui parler, lui coupe le souffle qu'il se rend compte qu'il criait comme un animal blessé. Il met un moment avant de pouvoir se focaliser sur le petit génie puisqu'il est perdu entre la raison et la folie. Une partie de lui veut se jeter aux pieds du physicien clamer qu'il ne le laissera jamais, supplier pour son pardon, jurer qu'il fera tout ce que l'autre veut, même si dès lors il le traite comme son esclave et son chien de garde. Tout, il fera tout pour le bon plaisir de Roby. L'autre partie veut plonger dans la violence, crier, hurler, laisser sa haine briser encore ce qui est sien, juste pour ne pas avoir à souffrir plus encore lorsque le petit génie l'abandonnera une bonne fois pour toute. Il ne sait pas quelle partie écouter et se sent las d'hésiter. Las de ne pas trouver une autre solution pour que Robert ne l'abandonne pas, qu'il reste auprès de lui et lui donne une chance de se faire pardonner. A ce qui parait, le temps pouvait faire tout oublier et du temps justement il n'en avait pas. Dans quelques heures, ils seraient devant leur carrosse et Capa le laisserait là. Si vous aviez quelques heures pour changer votre futur, que feriez-vous ? Il ne sait pas, Mace est perdu. Il n'est plus le soldat qui répondra aux ordres pour s'empêcher de réfléchir, il n'est pas non plus cet homme qui donnera sa vie pour Roby parce qu'il l'aimera jusqu'à la toute dernière seconde de sa vie, parce qu'un jour il a tourné sa mitraillette sur une famille entière et a tué cinq enfants, dont un nouveau né et deux femmes. Il craque, qui ne craquerait pas dans sa situation, il lui a fallu des années pour ne plus repenser à cette décision, des jours de psychanalyse et de discussion avec Kaneda pour accepter et légitimer son acte et encore des années pour ne plus se réveiller en sueur à cause de cette mère qui suppliait les militaires de laisser la vie sauve à son bébé. Son corps abandonne le combat, il se laisse tomber sur le sol platement, incapable de s'arrêter de pleurer, incapable de faire autre chose que de gésir sur le sol en suppliant Robert de le tuer plutôt que de l'abandonner dans une litanie de mots à peine articulés. - Kaneda, scanne la zone s'il te plait. » Quelqu'un parle, il ignore qui, ou même ce qui vient d'être dit, mais l'information est une raison assez valable pour qu'il se réveille. Ses yeux sont collés par le sel, alors il doit faire une seconde tentative pour qu'enfin il puisse ouvrir les yeux sur ce qui l'entour et sortir de ce sommeil végétatif sans rêve et sans même véritable repos. La première chose qui le choque c'est de ne pas se réveiller dans la soute. Le lieutenant se redresse sans s'émouvoir, mais lorsqu'une couverture dévale le long de son torse son cœur se fend de douleur. Capa aurait pu le laisser là-bas sans se soucier outre mesure, mais il l'a trainé dans le cockpit et l'a couvert durant son sommeil. Il ne veut pas accorder trop d'importance à l'acte car il ne veut pas se faire de faux espoir, mais il lui semble qu'il ne mérite même pas ce genre d'attention, bel et si bien que les larmes inondent à nouveau ses joues. Le mal de crâne est terrible, plus que ça même, insoutenable ; il plonge son visage dans la matière synthétique de la ouverture comme pour étouffer le mal. Cependant un claquement de doigts l'oblige à laisser tomber son cocon afin de tourner son regard vide sur le petit génie. - J'ai besoin de toi. On va arriver dans cinq minutes, arme-toi, mais que des pistolets neutralisants. Tu peux faire ça ? » - Hum... » Le soldat se ressaisit, le temps qu'il faut au petit génie pour aller chercher leurs bagages dans la soute et revenir, est ce qu'il lui faut pour s'armer et être le soldat dont à besoin le brun. Il va faire ce qu'on attend de lui. Il se demande si Capa le laisserait garder Corazon si il le lui demandait, afin qu'il ne soit pas seul sur cette planète hostile. Bien entendu ça ne remplacerait pas son amant, mais au moins il aurait une compagnie pour l'empêcher de sombrer. Il n'a même pas gout de poser la question tellement il a peur de la réponse ou du regard de son coéquipier. Il prend ses armes, décidé à aider le physicien à tenir la promesse qu'il a faite au soleil, il ne tuera donc pas. Et peut-être, peut-être que le petit génie verra qu'il peut être utile, qu'il sait répondre à un ordre et trouvera un intérêt quelconque à le garder sous le coude. C'est idiot, mais il préfèrerait être son bras armé et subir sa constante indifférence plutôt que d'être séparé du physicien. Garde du corps est, au final, un honnête job. Ça pourrait être bien d'être celui de Robert Capa. Il ne doit pas le regarder, le militaire a besoin de garder contenance, aussi, il reste au devant afin de ne pas se laisser prendre par ses émotions à la vue du petit brun. Il l'entend parler à l'AI, mais n'écoute pas, il ne le doit pas. Il est là pour escorter le physicien jusqu'au point de destination, sécuriser le paquet et obéir à chacun de ses ordres. Et c'est justement ce qu'il fait tandis que Capa lui donne les indications de leur destination. Soudainement son sixième sens lui dit qu'il y a danger alors il tire par deux fois, bien qu'il ne sache pas si c'était de simples animaux sauvages ou des primates ! Il doit faire place nette, c'est tout ce qui lui importe ! Ils marchent vite dans la végétation dense car il n'est pas serein, le bruit a pu attirer un peu plus d'attention encore ! Bientôt le vert et le marron laissent place à un objet noir et mat, immense au point qu'il dépasse des grands arbres de la brousse. Le lieutenant se place à un lieu stratégique, observant les alentours. Il garde une nouvelle fois le physicien dans le dos et donc ne le surveille pas installer l'AI sur le dispositif de défense de l'engin, trop occupé à scanner les environs. Le lieutenant n'est donc pas témoin de son sourire lorsque l'énigme s'allume sur l'écran digital et qu'il pianote avec entrain les différentes réponses. Lui il tire, car les primates viennent en nombre en leur direction. Lorsque son premier pistolet est vide, il tire le second de sa poche arrière de treillis et continue de tirer sans s'arrêter. Il se rend compte que chaque tir touche sa cible et les primates tombent comme des mouches dans un sommeil profond. Ça le laisse perplexe pour un temps car oui, il n'est pas si bon tireur normalement. Comme tout le monde, il a ses loupés, mais là ses performances sont développées au possible tout comme son acuité visuelle. Il ne peut pas se permettre de réfléchir à quelque chose d'aussi futile car il n'a pas de réponse à fournir et ce n'est pas le moment de se laisser distraire. Le bruit d'un mouvement mécanique le fait se retourner, la porte de la machine vient de s'ouvrir. Mace n'a jamais douté de Capa, jamais. Il prend le temps d'observer le jeune homme qui est trop occupé à ranger ses affaires pour se rendre compte qu'il estscruté. Il peut savourer à loisir le visage satisfait du physicien. Roby vivra et c'est ça le plus important à présent, la machine s'est ouverte pour lui et le mènera là où il doit se rendre, un endroit dans lequel il n'a pas sa place. Lorsqu'une balle le frôle de quelques centimètres, le militaire revient abruptement à la réalité, il doit repousser la menace, protéger son amant, car quoi qu'il se soit passé, quoi qu'il se passe, il aime Roby et ne cessera jamais de l'aimer ! Il va rompre sa promesse de soldat, mais il le doit pour que Roby vive ! Il tire de sa poche internet de veste une nouvelle arme puis tire sur l'un des singes qui crie lorsque la balle pénètre son épaule. Il bafoue à nouveau la confiance de Robert, mais il n'a pas d'autre alternative car de nouveaux singes armés arrivent dans leur zone. - Hey, c'est sur moi qu'il faut tirer ! » Il ne tuera pas, non, il tire à nouveau sur un singe, puis en l'air en courant entre les bosquets. Si il doit mourir ici, alors que ça soit pour aider son amant, que ça soit pour que Roby vive ! Il s'adresse aux singes tandis qu'il court droit devant lui. Ce voyage, il sait qu'il n'y a pas sa place, il le sait pertinemment... Le lieutenant Mace aura au moins le privilège de voir le physicien s'en aller pour un endroit qu'il espère meilleur. Qu'importe son prochain sort, une chose est sûre, Capa vivra ! La première déflagration avait rendu le physicien fort peu content, il avait relevé les yeux et s'était apprêté à crier sur le soldat mais la balle ne provenait pas de son camarade qui portait encore son pistolet neutralisant entre ses doigts, aussi la rage de Capa s'étiola car c'était les singes qui avaient pris les armes. Il se dépêcha de ranger l'AI afin qu'elle ne prenne pas une balle perdue puis il s'engouffra dans la machine. Le physicien était encore en colère contre le lieutenant, il avait lu ce qu'il avait fait, il avait pleuré longuement en se rendant compte que l'homme pour lequel il avait ouvert son cœur était de ceux qu'il détestait. Cela rendait-il Mace ignoble ? Oui et non. Mace était mort, deux fois ; l'homme avec qui il s'était allié n'était pas le soldat sans foi ni loi qui avait exécuté femmes et enfants pour faire passer un vulgaire message d'ordre. Il héla le militaire, mais entre le son des armes et les cris des singes, Mace ne l'entendit pas et lorsque Capa se retourna l'homme avait simplement disparu. Le choc le cloua sur place, il voulut partir à sa suite, mais une balle siffla près de lui et la porte de la machine commença à se refermer. Pris de panique, il hurla et hurla encore le nom du soldat mais bientôt l'obscurité se fit. Capa observe la porte sans savoir si il est soulagé ou non que quelqu'un d'autre ait pris la décision pour lui. Il ne sait pas si il voulait que Mace se joigne à lui durant ce voyage ou si il aurait eu le cran de lui interdire de monter. Le fait de ne pas vraiment être certain que c'est le choix qu'il aurait fait le tourmente, mais l'allumage de la machine l'oblige à suivre le chemin tracé par les lumières. Tandis qu'il marche, il se rend compte que même si Mace fait chemin inverse, il n'aura pas la réponse à l'énigme et que la machine risque de se retourner contre lui. Une larme roule sur sa joue. Voulait-il laisser Mace derrière lui ? La tête basse, il pénètre une salle gigantesque dont il ne voit ni le plafond, ni le fond. Le physicien est pourtant certain que la machine fait six mètres de haut, alors comment peut-elle en faire une centaine une fois à l'intérieur. Il s'approche de garde fou de son étage puis jette un coup d'œil en bas : cette salle est un puits sans fond, ceinte par un chemin en colimaçon, le mouvement des lumières lui donne le tournis bel est si bien qu'il se jette en arrière et frappe le mur derrière lui. Il est surpris par le son creux qu'il entend, aussi il se retourne et se rend compte que la totalité du mur autour du colimaçon est affublé de capsules. Celle-ci porte le nom de Carleduinae, lorsque son indexe se pose sur l'écran dont elle est munie, il s'allume. Ses yeux bleutés réagissent devant l'image d'un oiseau rouge et noir qui chante des petits piou piou suraigus en se dandinant et en gonflant son poitrail rouge. - Nom de Dieu ! » Toutes ces capsules renferment des échantillons d'ADN, ceci est une Arche de Noé futuriste. Un mouvement en contre bas attire son attention, aussi il tourne son regard sur ce qui s'approche. Le petit génie reste bouche bée lorsqu'une sorte de robot lui fait signe de le suivre. Il n'aura pas le loisir de voir ce qui se cache en bas, mais il parie sa chemise que les animaux qu'il a vu aujourd'hui sont aussi enregistrés dans cet almanach gigantesque. - Tu me comprends ? » La machine fait une signe positif de ce qui ressemble à une tête, tout du moins ses capteurs visuels y sont logés. - Tu enregistres tout ce qui se passe sur la planète ? » Un nouveau sifne affirmatif. Si jamais Neo Gaïa ou qu'importe le nom est déserte, il ne s'ennuiera pas pour les prochaines centaines d'années, c'est certain ! Il devrait se sentir enthousiasmé par tout ça, mais quelque chose lui manque. Il a beau se retourner Mace ne se tient pas à ses côtés, il n'est pas là pour lui sourire et il ne lui tiendra pas la main. Peut-être plus jamais... Et même si il s'en va à se recherche, est-ce que le soldat lui pardonnera son silence et son indifférence ? Capa soupire, il marche derrière le robot sans éprouver le moindre sentiment d'accomplissement, il s'en va pour Neo Gaïa avec un échantillon de tous les animaux de la planète Terre, de quoi refaire un monde parfait. Mais seul ? Qu'en tirerait-il comme plaisir ? Il aurait pardonné à Mace, il aurait continué de l'aimer. Il a maintenant la réponse à sa question, il n'aurait pas repoussé le militaire, il l'aurait emmené mais on ne lui avait pas laissé le temps de s'en rendre compte. Lorsqu'il pénètre la salle de pilotage, le petit génie trouve de quoi installer l'Intelligence Artificielle, après quelques branchements et vérification Kaneda s'est approprié le cockpit et dialogue avec la machine super avancée. Il n'a pas gout à la regarder, à observer sa magnificence et sa déroutante novation. Son regard n'arrive pas à se focaliser sur quelque chose car il pense à Mace, seul sur cette planète déserte et tout à coup il ne supporte pas l'idée d'être seul, d'être perdu sur une route dont il ne connait pas le dénouement. Le physicien soupire puis tourne son attention sur le robot. - Aide-moi. Un ami est resté dehors, j'ai besoin de le récupérer, il ne peut pas rester ici et si il ne vient pas avec moi, je ne partirais pas. » La chose faite de métal semble incliner la tête, cherchant à analyser ce qu'il vient de dire, puis elle se met en route. Il espère que cette machine futuriste est capable de téléportation ! Mace court rapidement parmi la végétation, les branches et les ronces lui lacèrent la peau mais il n'a pas le loisir de flancher car les balles siffles non loin de lui, ses poumons sont en feu, mais il n'a aucune envie de se rendre. Lorsque la vue se dégage, il a juste le temps de s'arrêter avant de dégringoler depuis la falaise sur laquelle le chemin s'arrête. En face, une chute d'eau descend dans les profondeurs de la terre. Il est fait comme un rat, il n'a pas beaucoup de chance survie en sautant dans cette gorge infinie, pas plus qu'il n'en a à rester là où il se trouve ! Lorsque le bruit de pas des singes gris se fait plus distinct, il gonfle son torse et se laisse tomber. C'est un pari qu'il peut perdre, mais qu'importe, il se doit d'essayer. Les yeux fermés et les bras en croix, Mace se laisse happer par le vide. Le sentiment est bon, il a l'impression de flotter gentiment dans les airs, le bruit de la chute d'eau n'est plus qu'un doux murmure qui lui promet monts et vallées. Il devrait déjà être en bas, ou mort, au choix, son interrogation lui fait ouvrir les yeux de stupeur et elle le conquiert entièrement lorsqu'il se rend compte que l'eau coule à l'envers. Le spectacle est à la fois magique et franchement perturbant, ce qu'il croit être une chute est visiblement une sorte de surplace, quel genre de phénomène peut entrainer une telle lévitation ? Il l'ignore mais son corps est poussé à rester très sagement immobile de peur que le charme ne s'estompe et qu'il s'écrase sur les rochers en contre bas. « Protéger… tu dois mener Capa plus loin… protéger… Encore… » Ça faisait longtemps qu'il n'avait pas entendu cette voix inhumaine à l'intérieur de son crâne. Mace voudrait être auprès de Capa, il le voudrait vraiment, mais il n'a plus sa place aux côtés du physicien. D'ailleurs le bruit sourd d'un moteur lui rappelle que l'homme s'en va, à présent, qu'il quittera bientôt l'atmosphère de la Terre. La terre tremble lorsque la structure quitte le sol, malgré les goutes d'eau presque vertes qui remontent lentement et étrangement vers le ciel, un morceau de pierre s'éboule suivant les lois de la gravité et manque de l'emmener avec elle. Le militaire ne sait que faire, bougeant avec précaution les bras afin de s'assurer de la stabilité de ce semblant de lévitation, il essaye maintenant de... nager, ou quelque chose s'y rapprochant, vers le rocher le plus proche et semblant être le plus stable. L'avancée est hasardeuse et manque franchement de coordination afin qu'elle soit pertinente, mais il peut enfin frôler la roche, ou plutôt il devrait car celle-ci s'éloigne. Pris de terreur le militaire bouge plus frénétiquement, mais rien n'y fait, la roche s'échappe de son emprise glissant en contre bas. Mais n'est-ce que ça ? Comment une falaise rocheuse peut descendre dans la terre ? A moins qu'il... Le mécanicien pousse un cri de surprise lorsqu'un mouvement le tire par en haut, il voudrait bien tourner de l'œil car la sensation d'échappement est trop importante et bien qu'il mouline des bras, il ne peut rien faire contre cette aspiration qui le propulse avec de plus en plus de force vers le haut. Bientôt il passe devant les singes gris qui semblent prendre peur à cause de sa rapidité et certainement à cause de ce phénomène qui n'a rien de naturel. Lorsqu'il peut enfin pivoter son corps de façon à ce qu'il soit plus à la verticale qu'à l'horizontale, Mace lève les bras au devant de son crâne car il va percuter un truc doré et aveuglant. C'est bien sa veine, il avait échappé à une mort certaine en tombant dans les abîmes et c'était dans les cimes qu'il allait se vautrer ! Choc il y eut, il peut le confirmer, mais pas là où la logique l'aurait voulu car il a mal aux genoux, aux avant bras et au nez puisque son visage a heurté quelque chose de dur. Lorsqu'il ouvre les yeux, il est à quatre pattes sur un sol froid et métallique, une sorte de ronronnement sourd fait vibrer la surface qui s'illumine d'un éclat doré. L'ingénieur n'est pas sûr de la provenance de la luminosité, car elle ne semble pas venir d'un réel éclairage ou bien, il est invisible à l'œil nu. Se lever est plus difficile qu'il n'y parait car il tremble encore ; Mace n'a jamais été sujet au vertige, mais faire du saut à l'élastique, sans élastique, peut rendre le plus enhardi des hommes aussi tremblotant qu'un nouveau né. Lorsqu'il se retourne, le coup fatal lui est asséné car il se fracasse contre quelque chose d'invisible à l'œil nu. Si c'est une vitre, elle est parfaite et c'est bien sa veine, si c'est autre chose et bien, il n'a pas vraiment l'envie de savoir ce que c'est ! Tout ce que l'homme peut faire d'instructif c'est de pousser un juron en frottant son nez qui va certainement doubler de volume dans les prochaines heures. Où est-il bon Dieu ?! Approchant les mains contre cette paroi indécelable à l'œil nu, Mace se rend bien vite compte qu'il est dans une sorte de carré de trois mètres de long, assez grand pour bouger dedans, mais trop pour s'en extirper par le haut. A l'évidence, il est prisonnier et ça ne le réjouit pas trop. Il prendrait bien le risque de tirer, mais si ce truc est pare-balle, il pourrait bien se tuer avec un possible ricochet, autant dire qu'il est dans la mouise ! Robert stresse car les moteurs se sont mis en route, malgré son objection et que la machine a décollé. Il ignore combien de temps il lui reste pour faire monter le militaire à bord, mais il craint qu'une fois sorti de l'atmosphère, ce soit chose impossible, aussi il presse le pas, maudissant le robot qui prend son temps. - Par où ? » Cette chose est gigantesque, chaque couloir mène à une intersection, chaque intersection le laisse pantois, si jamais le robot le laissait là tout seul, il devrait essayer toutes les combinaisons possibles et imaginables pour retrouver son chemin ! Ça lui donne le vertige. Alors il décélère, pas qu'il en ait envie mais visiblement le tas de ferraille est à son maximum ou refuse de se presser pour une quelconque raison et Capa n'a pas tellement envie de le perdre de vue. Lorsque la machine ouvre un sas, il est ébloui par une lumière dorée bel et si bien qu'il ferme les yeux le temps de pouvoir faire le point. La lumière arrive même à bruler ses yeux derrière leur paupière, ça lui laisse imaginer la puissance de la chose. Il ignore si c'est la boite de conserve qui a baissé la luminosité ou si elle s'est adapté à ses limites humaines mais il peut enfin ouvrir les yeux. La pièce est d'un blanc argenté, le sol comme toutes les cloisons semble fait de métal, un métal si brillant qu'il le croirait laqué. L'endroit est magique et semble ne pas avoir de fond tellement il est étendu. Après trois pas dans la direction la plus idiote c'est à dire en face de lui, le physicien s'écrase contre quelque chose d'invisible, semble-t-il un mur. Sa main caresse le mur, quel que soit la matière elle est à température ambiante, la texture n'est pas celle du verre et il faudrait un truc vraiment bien fait et propre comme un sous neuf pour ne pas s'apercevoir de la supercherie. Qui plus est, ses doigts ne laissent aucune empreinte... Superbe ! Il n'a pas le temps de se poser plus de questions car la main robotique lui demande de s'approcher d'un écran. Le physicien met quelque longues secondes à appréhender la machine qui ne parle pas un seul mot d'anglais ou d'une quelconque langue qu'il a pu mémoriser en partie pendant ses études. Il clique un peu au hasard jusqu'à ce que l'écran devienne noir et que Kaneda se branche dessus. - Merci. Trouve-moi Mace et fait le monter à bord. » Le petit génie pianote sur l'écran qui est traduit au fur et à mesure de ses recherches, mais l'écran refuse de le mener jusqu'à la présence humaine laissée sur la terre ferme. - Comment ça aucun trace de type humain ?! » Non, c'est impossible ! Son pouls augmente tandis qu'il recommence à nouveau ses recherches, si la localisation n'aboutit pas c'est qu'il n'y a plus rien d'humain sur cette planète, ce qui veut dire que le militaire est mort. Lorsque le résulta s'affiche une nouvelle fois, Capa s'écroule sur le sol prenant sa tête entre ses mains. Il a échoué... - Laisse-moi... » La machine ne voit-elle donc pas qu'il a besoin de solitude, ne voit-elle donc pas qu'il a perdu un ami et bien plus que ça ? Le petit génie la repousse mais le bras robotique ne cesse de le secouer aussi il roule des yeux, se focalisant sur la machine qui pointe quelque chose sur la gauche. La gauche, hein ? Le vide... encore et toujours plus de blanc, plus d'espace vide... ou pas puisque certaines choses ne sont pas visibles pour la vue limitée de l'humain. En tout cas, si il doit voir quelque chose, il ne perçoit rien du tout ! - Quoi ? » La machine fait à nouveau un signe aussi il se lève puis se dirige vers la gauche. Ce qu'il redoutait arriva, mais Capa ne se fera pas avoir deux fois, voilà pourquoi il marche les bras bien tendus en avant. Évidemment, il s'est retourné un doigt et peste. Devant lui, à nouveau cette matière invisible et visiblement infranchissable. - Je dois voir quoi, aide-moi, j'y vois rien du tout ! » Il lui semble que la machine vient de soupirer ou c'est un joint pneumatique qui s'est actionné. Quoi qu'il en soit, il se retourne le temps de voir la machine se diriger vers un écran de contrôle qui change tout à coup la luminosité de la pièce. Maintenant que le doré est passé à une lumière froide et presque bleutée, il discerne quelques reflets blancs émis par la paroi lui permettant de la longer sans marcher comme un aveugle. Il est surpris d'entendre du grabuge quelques mètres plus loin, plus encore de voir une de ces enceintes invisibles exploser. Un sifflement assez reconnaissable le fait plonger à terre, question de survie car visiblement quelqu'un a fait usage d'une arme à feux. - Bordel de merde ! » La voix est haute, exagérée et franchement trop forte, mais l'intonation et le timbre sont bien ceux de Mace qui vient d'apparaitre devant ses yeux décontenancés. Capa se rend compte avec étonnement que la matière est invisible mais qu'elle cache parfaitement bien ce qu'elle contient car il n'avait pas vu l'homme avant que celui-ci ne casse tout sur son passage. Il rigole. La méthode Mace a failli lui manquer. Le petit génie se redresse, quelque peu mal à l'aise car il ignore ce que va dire le militaire quand il le verra. - Bordel de Dieu, Capa ? C'est quoi ici et on est où, ici ? » - Pas la peine de cirer. » - Parle plus fort, j'entends rien. Rah, ça décuple le son, j'aurais jamais du tirer dans ce caisson, même une bombe fait pas autant de vacarme ! Tu disais ? » - Tu es sur l'Arche. » - Comment je suis arrivé ici ?! » - Bonne question... visiblement t'es arrivé avant que j'arrive à te téléporter. » - Vraiment ? » - Hum. » Il voudrait bien continuer la discussion, mais hurler de la sorte ça lui donne l'impression de crier sur le militaire et ce n'est pas le message qu'il veut faire passer et puis soudainement ses pieds ne touchent plus le sol, ce qui veut dire qu'ils viennent de quitter l'atmosphère terrienne et qu'ils sont maintenant dans l'espace, assez loin pour que la gravité ne joue plus son rôle. A son grand étonnement, ou pas, à vrai dire, le robot continue de marcher sur le sol métallique sans s'émouvoir, Capa suspecte la machine d'être reliée par une sorte de force magnétique. - Pitié, ça va pas recommencer ! » - On a quitté la Terre, c'est normal ! On devrait se rendre au cockpit, le matériel médical s'y trouve, faut qu'on regard tes oreilles, Mace t'as du sang qui en goutte. » L'ingénieur passe un indexe le long de son lobe en faisant une mine de dégout. - Kaneda ? C'est possible un centre de gravité ? » Visiblement oui, car il retrouve la terre ferme abruptement, Capa y était préparé puisque c'est lui qui en avait fait la demande, mais le militaire s'est retrouvé sur le cul avant d'avoir compris ce qui s'était passé. - T'es sur que tu veux de moi ici ? » Capa ne répond pas, il fait un simple signe positif de la tête tendant sa main au militaire qui hésite avant de s'en saisir. Les deux hommes cheminent derrière le robot. Si Mace est étonné de ce qu'il voit, il n'en formule aucun mot. L'homme est silencieux, attentif et certainement en colère à cause de sa surdité, mais il ne démontre aucune envie de s'en aller ou de rester seul. Lorsque la porte du cockpit se ferme derrière eux, Kaneda est en pleine effervescence, il y a tout un tas de panneaux allumés parlant de vecteurs et de directions ainsi que de diagrammes tridimensionnels ; assez d'informations pour que le petit génie soit obligé de baisser les yeux si il ne veut pas faire imploser sa matière grise en essayant d'analyser les chiffres. Ouvrir les capsules ne va pas être difficile, mais est-ce que le robot médical pourra entrer dans la pièce est une autre chanson. Capa n'est pas certain et si ça coince, il n'a pas envie de savoir ce que ça fera. - Unité médicale ? » Le robot pousse un bouton ouvrant une porte sur une pièce complètement vide, comme si il avait compris ce qu'il y avait dans la capsule que tenait Robert entre ses doigts. Le scientifique préfère appuyer dessus et la jeter comme une grenade avant d'entrer dans la pièce. Cette chose reste pour lui inexpliquée donc le phénomène scientifique devra rester aussi loin de lui que possible. Se retrouver seul dans cette pièce avec Mace le rend soucieux, mais avant de penser au reste, il doit d'abord scanner son crâne. Une fois certain qu'il n'y a aucune lésion sur la sorte d'IRM en trois dimensions, le petit génie glisse un de ces sprays hypodermiques contre les tempes du militaire qui teste sa voix. - Mieux ? » - Parfait. » - Bien. Ce truc est vraiment... magique. » Ça non plus il ne sait pas comment s'est fait, mais il avait prévu d'en décortiquer un pour comprendre ! Ils n'ont rien à se dire, ou plutôt si, ils ont tant à partager que le petit génie ne sait par quoi commencer. Il voudrait s'excuser, il voudrait prendre Mace dans ses bras tout en lui demandant de lui pardonner sa réaction. En même temps, lorsqu'il le regarde assez longtemps tout ce qu'il voit c'est l'homme dans les dossiers de l'armée : le tueur et ça l'empêche de céder à la tentation. Comment réparer leur relation ? Il n'en sait rien car c'est la première qu'il vit et bien qu'il aimerait effacer tout ça d'un revers de main comme lorsqu'une de ses équations est éperonnée, il comprend bien que la situation ne s'y prête pas. Aussi ils se regardent chacun leur tour, incapable de soutenir le regard en face d'eux. L'ingénieur semble résigné, il soupire en se redressant puis quitte la pièce sans prononcer un seul mot. Peut-on rattraper ce genre d'erreur ? Capa se le demande. Ils s'évitent pendant le voyage jusqu'à Sagitarius A, Mace ayant repris son rôle de mécanicien malgré que les robots qui sont au final plusieurs, semblent être les seuls sources de maintenance de cet appareil. Il a fini par trouver un plan détaillé de la base, grâce en partie à Kaneda qui fait fi du langage particulier de la machine grâce au code le plus basique de l'informatique : le binaire. La plus part des installations ont fini par être traduite en Américain, aussi il apprend tout ce qu'il peut de cette machine en vue de leur arrivée sur leur planète natale. Le militaire se refuse de penser au physicien, il préfère laisser les choses se décanter d'elles-mêmes. Alors oui, ça fait mal de le croiser dans les couloirs sans avoir le droit de le toucher ou de lui parler, mais c'est mieux ainsi. Mace ne peut pas faire mieux que ça, car il n'y a rien qu'il puisse faire. Soit Capa est capable de passer outre son passé et de l'accepter tel qu'il est, soit... il préfère ne pas y penser. Oppressé dans une trappe exigüe, l'homme joue avec un tas de fils et de cartes à puces sous l'œil attentif d'un robot qui l'épie dans le moindre de ses gestes. En théorie c'est assez ressemblant à ce qu'il y avait sur Icarus II, mais en pratique, Mace doit s'avouer perdu et c'est sans cesse qu'il demande des explications à la machine. « Arrivée aux coordonnée de Sagitarius A dans approximativement : une heure. Mace est prié de rejoindre le centre médical pour une mise en stase avant le passage en hyper vitesse. » Ça c'est Kaneda. Ressentir avec exactitude le temps qui passe dans ce gigantesque vaisseau, plongé dans l'obscurité de l'univers n'est pas chose aisée. Mace ignore donc combien de jours, de semaines ou de mois se sont écoulés, cependant durant ce laps de temps Capa a donné la parole à Kaneda, il s'est improvisé co-pilote et bien plus encore... Tout ce qui est scientifiquement avancé le passionne, il oublie ses problèmes en se plongeant dans la connaissance, le militaire n'en attendait pas moins du civil, mais ce n'est pas ainsi que leurs soucis se résoudront ! Se résoudront-ils, d'ailleurs ? Mace n'arrive pas à croire qu'il a déjà abandonné, mais il doit faire face à la réalité, si l'esprit de Capa est déjà hors d'atteinte ici, qu'en sera-t-il là bas ? Il range ses affaires, puis se dirige d'un pas lent vers les caissons de vie. Voilà une chose qu'il n'avait jamais essayé enfin si on oubliait son passage dans le tube à essai de Sam ! Cela dit, être plongé dans un liquide bleu pour être soigné et être carrément congelé c'était deux choses tout à fait différentes ! Ça ne relevait pas des mêmes interrogations, comme qu'allait-il devenir de lui dans cette espèce de marmelade blanchâtre et comment allait se passer la décongélation après ?! Faut-il rappeler qu'à son époque le problème de décongélation était encore un sujet aux discordes scientifiques et ce n'est que pour cette raison que le voyage jusqu'au soleil s'était fait éveillé ? Des années d'isolations, de cachets régulateurs d'émotions, de vides et de cauchemars, entouré d'un équipage qu'il ne pouvait plus vraiment voir en peinture... Oui, vu comme ça, il s'évitait bien des soucis avec Robert pour les mois ou années de voyage. Le militaire décida donc de laisser ses quartiers, tout du moins la pièce qu'il avait décrété sienne lorsqu'il s'était rendu compte que la lumière argentée avait un effet décontractant sur lui. Ce vaisseaux est clairement une sorte de Cargo, ce n'était pas fonctionnel le moins du monde, si il y avait vraiment eu des humains dans le coin, ils avaient du être dans les capsules de cryo et nul part ailleurs. De ce fait, il n'y a aucun lit, aucune cuisine, aucun divertissement à part jouer aux échecs ou à la bataille navale contre Kaneda et systématiquement perdre. Bien heureusement pour eux, ils avaient emmené du matériel et les jardins leurs servaient à se nourrir tout comme le stock de denrées lyophilisées que Sam avait empaquetées. Les couvertures de survie suffisaient à garder un peu de chaleur durant la phase de sommeil, pour le reste ils devaient se débrouiller. Passer du temps dans les jardins avec Corazon était un passe-temps comme un autre puisque la présence du physicien s'y faisait rare, mais l'endroit filait le cafard au militaire de part ses souvenirs et sa signification, aussi il préférait s'occuper à ce qu'il savait faire le mieux : Réparer ! Une fois la porte de la salle aux murs invisible de franchie, son regard bleuté coule sur sa droite, Capa est assis devant le panneau de commandes et prépare les deux tubes qui leur serviront. - Tu dois tout en lever, aucun tissus, métal ou quoi que ce soit dans le caisson. T'as pas une broche ou un truc du genre dont je ne serais pas au courant ? » - Rien du tout. » - Parfait. Je te laisse te déshabiller, je prépare le cocktail. » - C'est toi qui l'a fait ? » - Hum ! Pas de souci, je l'ai testé sur Corazon avant, je dois juste te peser avant l'injection histoire d'être certain de la dose. » Ce sont les premiers mots qu'ils s'échangent depuis qu'ils se sont séparés après leurs retrouvailles et c'est loin d'être chaleureux. Tout du moins c'est suffisant pour deux membres d'un équipage ! Le militaire comme à son habitude ne se formalise pas de la nudité, il se fiche que Capa se soit retourné ou non, il commence déjà à se débarrasser de ses vêtements tandis que le scientifique se racle la gorge puis se retourne. - Ça y'est ? » - Hum. » - Kaneda, scanne Mace, je veux son poids au gramme près. » Capa est faussement détaché, Mace peut s'en rendre compte tandis qu'il effectue quelques mouvements mal-assurés avant de se plonger dans ses calculs, cela dit il ignore si c'est à cause de sa présence ou de son manque de vêtements. Peut-être a-t-il tout compris de travers, avec Capa ça ne serait pas la première. L'ingénieur manque d'un certain tact dans ses relations, à n'en pas douter. L'handicape de Capa ne l'aide pas vraiment qui plus est, et Mace se demande si le petit brun n'attendait pas sagement quelque chose de lui. Un signe pour lui prouver qu'il lui pardonnera, qu'il lui a déjà pardonné. A force de silence et d'isolement, ils se sont visiblement perdus. - Capa ? » - Pas le moment. » - Prend-le maintenant, parce qu'après on ne sait pas ce qui va advenir. » Le brun soupire, il se retourne mais baisse les yeux rapidement, Mace comprend que ce n'est pas parce qu'il ne veut pas le voir mais c'est encore cet étrange sens de la pudeur qui dicte les actes du petit génie. - Me pardonneras-tu un jour ? Pour ce que j'ai du faire et ce que j'ai fait ? Parce que moi, Capa... je t'ai déjà pardonné. Alors c'est vrai, c'est pas facile, mais notre relation ne l'a jamais été ; pourtant on s'en est pas mal tiré, même si ce n'était juste que pour un temps, si on me demandait de recommencer je le ferais sans aucun doute possible. J'ai aimé t'aimer, Robert Capa, aussi idiot que mes mots peuvent être. » Le regard bleu se relève lentement au fur et à mesure de ses mots, les deux éclats bleus semblent tressaillir sous le coup de sa dernière phrase, mais le brun se refuse d'ouvrir la bouche. Il se lève, baisse le crâne lorsqu'il est en face de Mace, puis lui caresse la nuque avant de lui enfoncer une aiguille juste en dessous de sa plaque. La douleur de l'aiguille n'est rien en face du silence pesant. Il ignore si c'est le liquide qui parcourt ses veines qui le rend si fébrile ou si c'est la froideur du physicien. Doit-il comprendre que Roby ne veut plus de lui comme amant ? Sinistre pensée pour un sommeil artificiel, c'est certain. Il se dirige vers le tube qui s'est ouvert pour lui et s'adosse contre la paroi, désabusé par la réaction de son ex. Le mot sonne diablement faux dans son crâne car il se refuse de considérer Capa comme son ex ! - Il va faire de plus en plus froid, essaye de te relaxer et fermer les yeux, tu vas rapidement t'endormir, c'est plus désagréable qu'autre chose. Prêt ? » - Ai-je le choix ? » - Non, tes organes vont être réduits en bouillie lors de l'accélération, tu dois être congelé pour survivre. » - Charmant. » - On se revoit à la fin du voyage. » - Ouais... c'est ça... » Le caisson se referme et la température baisse, il lui faut tout son self-control pour ne pas claquer des dents et puis soudain la gelée blanche remplie la partie inférieure, remontant le long de son corps et privant chaque centimètre de peau de toute sensation à cause du froid engourdissant. - Lutte pas Mace. Inspire et expire lentement. » Plus facile à dire qu'à faire, le moniteur s'emballe et avec lui les battements de son cœur tandis que le liquide lui grimpe le long du torse, son instinct lui crie de sortir de ce cercueil de verre. C'est la panique totale maintenant bien qu'il essaye de répondre aux ordres de Robert, le militaire n'arrive plus à respirer correctement, il hyper-ventile. Dans un geste désespéré il dépose la paume de ses mains contre la surface devant lui observant le regard inquiet de Capa. - Mace, par pitié calme-toi. Regarde-moi. Ne regarde que moi et n'écoute que moi. Tout va bien aller, je suis là, juste là. Regarde. » Derrière la matière invisible les paumes de Capa le rejoignent, il voudrait pouvoir sentir le contacte de sa peau, mais c'est impossible, le militaire glisse la tête en arrière, retardant le moment fatidique où le liquide s'insinuera dans ses bronches. - Mace, ferme les yeux, inspire un bon coup. Je suis désolé, tu m'entends, je suis désolé. Quand je te vois, je vois tous ces morts et je sais pas comment le gérer. Moi aussi... moi aussi j'ai aimé t'aimer et je refuse que... » Il ne peut plus retenir son souffle, aussi il inspire à plein poumon le liquide froid qui s'insinue partout dans son corps, il a l'impression de se noyer, mais bien vite, le froid l'emporte sur tout, sur la frustration, la peur et la douleur, il se sent bien, si bien qu'il ferme les yeux et s'endort paisiblement.[Chapter 16] Another Earth 16 Le soleil est à présent haut dans le ciel, Mace n'a pas fermé les yeux de la nuit, ou plutôt il les a gardé fermés pour ne pas rendre tout ceci réel. Il éprouve une peur singulière, pas qu'il soit étranger à la peur, non, il n'est qu'un homme. Mais celle-ci est perfide au point que ses genoux tremblent lorsque Capa se lève enfin de son siège. - Lorsque les singes gris ont dénoté de signes d'intelligence, au lieu d'aller vers eux et qui sait leur apprendre ou les inviter à vivre avec nous, ils ont envoyé des bombes d'espace-temps. Oui, le soleil détruisait l'espèce humaine, mais qu'a fait l'humanité ? Elle a utilisé l'arme qui la tuait pour tuer. Logique ! Leur arme a touché le noyau de la Terre et ça a déchainé les éléments. Des orages apocalyptiques, des tornades de force inimaginable jusqu'alors, des tremblements de terre en série... Les singes sont devenus encore plus intelligents et nous encore plus cons. Au final je suis content que l'humanité ait disparu. » Soit, Capa lui parle et ne se contente pas de rester silencieux dans son coin, mais il sait aussi que le scientifique ne le regarde pas, lui. Jamais il n'a voulu trahir la confiance que Roby a mis en lui, pas plus qu'il n'a voulu bafouer l'amour qu'il lui a accordé en dépit de son problème mental. Il ne lui a jamais menti, peut-être a-t-il caché ce pan de son histoire, mais Capa ne s'est jamais montré curieux de ce qu'il a fait à l'armée. C'est vrai, il ignore si il aurait eu le courage de lui avouer ce dont lui-même n'est pas fier, mais il avait fait de son mieux pour être quelqu'un de bien sur lequel le petit génie aurait pu compter jusqu'à la fin. - J'ai été un idiot, un véritable gamin. J'ai été stupide... Un pantin aveugle ! Au moins je peux remercier Sam pour une chose : elle m'a ouvert les yeux et je ne vais pas les refermer de si tôt. L'humanité n'est pas ce pourquoi je me suis battu, elle n'est pas digne de survivre. Je ne trahirais pas la conscience du soleil, je vais abandonner les miens à leur sort, celui qu'ils méritent. Kaneda, allume les moteurs, on s'en va. Mace, largue Sam dehors, y'a pas de place pour elle, là où je vais. » Le militaire se lève enfin, lorsqu'il examine Capa son cœur se fend, le jeune homme a les yeux rouges ; il semble fatigué, vidé et surtout seul à tel point que l'envie de le prendre dans ses bras devient irrésistible. Cela dit au premier pas qu'il effectue dans la direction du physicien, les yeux de celui-ci se braquent sur sa personne et le menacent. C'est pire encore que lorsqu'ils se mettaient sur la gueule. Capa parle de lui en solo, Mace comprend alors qu'il ne fera pas parti du voyage. Le militaire redresse son dos puis se tourne vers l'arrière de l'appareil, afin d'exécuter sa tâche, tâche dont Capa va peut-être se servir pour l'abandonner derrière. Il aurait préféré que le jeune homme se fâche, qu'il l'insulte, au pire qu'il le frappe ou lui tire dessus avec son fichu pistolet tranquillisant plutôt que de le laisser ainsi sans un mot, sans un reproche vocalisé. Une fois dans la soute, il attrape Sam qui essaye de se débattre, mais il la neutralise sans réellement y penser. C'est à cause d'elle, à cause d'elle ! Ils auraient pu vivre heureux, tout les deux, mais cette femme avait tout fichu en l'air. Même si Robert n'avait pas cœur de le laisser crever ici, même si il l'emmenait en l'honneur de ce qu'il avait déclenché chez le physicien, plus jamais il ne le verrait sourire innocemment, plus jamais il ne défendrait son gentil mirage à propos de l'humanité. - On a tout essayé, personne n'a réussi à finir le puzzle. Ces idiots ont sauvé leur peau en laissant les plus grands cerveaux de l'humanité périr durant la fin du monde moderne. Quand j'ai vu Capa dehors... Je me suis dit que c'était un signe du destin, mais ce gamin est décevant, il n'a pas la carrure pour faire ce qui doit être fait ! Mace... je suis désolée pour toi, d'avoir cru un seul instant que cet homme t'aimerait pour ce que tu es. » - Lucas ? » - Très intelligent, trop. Lorsqu'il a compris sur quoi je travaillais et ce que j'avais fait, il a essayé de détruire la base. » - Qu'as-tu fais ? » - Ce pourquoi j'ai été laissé ici. Terminer la mission ! » - Tu l'as tué ? » - Je me suis servi de lui, afin d'attraper mon premier spécimen vivant. » Ce qu'elle ne dit pas et préfère laisser en suspend l'écœure. Il y a des limites entre ce que l'on peut faire pour le bien d'autrui et ce que le soldat qu'il ait, n'aurait pas pu commettre. Tuer quelqu'un important à ses yeux est quelque chose qu'il ne conçoit pas. On lui mettrait un flingue sur la tempe, là maintenant avec le choix de mourir ou de tuer Roby, il préfèrerait accepter la balle. - Tu es un monstre. » - Mais tout comme toi. N'oublie pas maintenant qu'il le sait. Fait ce pourquoi tu es né, lieutenant, réponds aux ordres ! Ta mission était de protéger le gouvernement et si tu laisses faire Capa, ils mourront ! » - Je suis peut-être un monstre, mais il y a une différence entre toi et moi, moi je ne tuerais pas l'homme que j'aime ! » - Dire que le général Finley t'as toujours cité comme modèle, si il pouvait te voir aujourd'hui... Tu te souviens de lui, hein ? Le petit sous lieutenant qui t'as sauvé la vie lorsque tu n'étais qu'aspirant. Il t'a glorifié Mace, à tel point que tu étais dans chacun de mes livres d'histoire. Si je n'avais pas eu besoin de l'intelligence de Capa, je t'aurais jamais laissé retrouver la mémoire, tu aurais été le meilleur des amants. Tu vaux mieux que ça, il va t'abandonner comme un chien derrière lui ! Tu es devenu bien pathétique, lieutenant. » - La ferme ! » La colère monte de plus en plus, il est bien en peine de ne pas se mettre à hurler. Il le sait, Capa ne reviendra pas dans ses bras, il va partir comme est partie Lindsay, il sera à nouveau seul, livré à lui-même et tout ce qu'il trouvera à faire c'est de survivre car il n'est pas homme à se laisser mourir, même si il avait déjà tenté par le passé de se flinguer. Cette perspective le rend dingue car il ne veut pas vivre sans Capa pas plus qu'il ne veut continuer de le décevoir ! Cette langue de vipère, il veut la faire taire, il veut qu'elle s'arrête ! Mace hurle tandis que ses mains se referment contre le cou de la femme. Il souffre et cette douleur avide le happe dans les ténèbres ; comment a-t-il pu croire que Robert resterait avec lui en le découvrant si pur, si doux, si... beau. Roby mérite mieux, peut-être que sur Neo Gaïa ou qu'importe son véritable nom, quelqu'un saura être digne de cet homme, mais ça ne sera pas lui. Alors qu'importe, qu'importe si il se salit les mains encore une fois ! Lorsque Sam ne bouge plus, ses mains tremblent comme des feuilles, il pleure mais il n'est pas triste pour elle, pas plus qu'il n'ait triste pour lui. Il est vide émotionnellement parlant, tout ce qu'il voit c'est le corps qu'il a laissé derrière lui et ça lui rappelle des choses qu'il veut fuir. Il essaye de se lever mais retombe sur le sol, incapable de tenir sur ses jambes qui ne sauraient de toute façon plus le porter. Pourquoi ? N'avait-il pas assez enduré de coups et de mauvais jours lorsqu'il était gosse ? N'avait-il pas assez flirté avec la mort dans les coups douteux de ses frères ? L'armée était censée lui donner un but, une nouvelle vie qu'il avait utilisée pour... tuer. N'avait-il jamais fait le bon choix, comme de laisser son cœur parler et dire à Lindsay qu'il était sérieux et voulait fonder une famille plutôt que de la perdre à cause de ce côté sauvage qui ne l'avait jamais quitté ? Ses doigts crispés empoignent sa chevelure courte qu'il tire à s'en faire mal, il ne veut pas du vide, il ne veut pas de la solitude. - Mace... qu'as-tu fait ? » Ce n'est que lorsque la surprise d'entendre Capa lui parler lui coupe le souffle, qu'il se rend compte qu'il criait comme un animal blessé. Il met un moment avant de pouvoir se focaliser sur le petit génie puisqu'il est perdu entre la raison et la folie. Une partie de lui veut se jeter aux pieds du physicien clamer qu'il ne le laissera jamais, supplier pour son pardon, jurer qu'il fera tout ce que l'autre veut, même si dès lors, il le traite comme son esclave et son chien de garde. Tout, il fera tout pour le bon plaisir de Roby. L'autre partie veut plonger dans la violence, crier, hurler, laisser sa haine à nouveau briser ce qui est sien, juste pour ne pas avoir à souffrir plus encore lorsque le petit génie l'abandonnera une bonne fois pour toute. Il ne sait pas quelle partie écouter et se sent las d'hésiter. Las de ne pas trouver une autre solution pour que Robert ne l'abandonne pas, qu'il reste auprès de lui et lui donne une chance de se faire pardonner. A ce qui parait, le temps pouvait faire tout oublier et du temps justement il n'en avait pas. Dans quelques heures, ils seraient devant leur carrosse et Capa le laisserait là. Si vous aviez quelques heures pour changer votre futur, que feriez-vous ? Il ne sait pas, Mace est perdu. Il n'est plus le soldat qui répondra aux ordres pour s'empêcher de réfléchir, il n'est pas non plus cet homme qui donnera sa vie pour Roby parce qu'il l'aimera jusqu'à la toute dernière seconde de sa vie, parce qu'un jour il a tourné sa mitraillette sur une famille entière et a tué cinq enfants, dont un nouveau né et deux femmes. Il craque, qui ne craquerait pas dans sa situation, il lui a fallu des années pour ne plus repenser à cette décision, des jours de psychanalyse et de discussion avec Kaneda pour accepter et légitimer son acte et encore des années pour ne plus se réveiller en sueur à cause de cette mère qui suppliait les militaires de laisser la vie sauve à son bébé. Son corps abandonne le combat, il se laisse tomber sur le sol platement, incapable de s'arrêter de pleurer, incapable de faire autre chose que de gésir sur le sol en suppliant Robert de le tuer plutôt que de l'abandonner dans une litanie de mots à peine articulés. - Kaneda, scanne la zone s'il te plait. » Quelqu'un parle, il ignore qui, ou même ce qui vient d'être dit, mais l'information est une raison assez valable pour qu'il se réveille. Ses yeux sont collés par le sel, alors il doit faire une seconde tentative pour qu'enfin il puisse ouvrir les yeux sur ce qui l'entour et sortir de ce sommeil végétatif sans rêve et sans même véritable repos. La première chose qui le choque c'est de ne pas se réveiller dans la soute. Le lieutenant se redresse sans s'émouvoir, mais lorsqu'une couverture dévale le long de son torse son cœur se fend de douleur. Capa aurait pu le laisser là-bas sans se soucier outre mesure, mais il l'a trainé dans le cockpit et l'a couvert durant son sommeil. Il ne veut pas accorder trop d'importance à l'acte car il ne veut pas se faire de faux espoir, mais il lui semble qu'il ne mérite même pas ce genre d'attention, bel et si bien que les larmes inondent à nouveau ses joues. Le mal de crâne est terrible, plus que ça même, insoutenable ; il plonge son visage dans la matière synthétique de la couverture comme pour étouffer le mal. Cependant un claquement de doigts l'oblige à laisser tomber son cocon afin de tourner son regard vide sur le petit génie. - J'ai besoin de toi. On va arriver dans cinq minutes, arme-toi, mais que des pistolets neutralisants. Tu peux faire ça ? » - Hum... » Le soldat se ressaisit, le temps qu'il faut au petit génie pour aller chercher leurs bagages dans la soute et revenir, est ce qu'il lui faut pour s'armer et être le soldat dont à besoin le brun. Il va faire ce qu'on attend de lui. Il se demande si Capa le laisserait garder Corazon si il le lui demandait, afin qu'il ne soit pas seul sur cette planète hostile. Bien entendu ça ne remplacerait pas son amant, mais au moins il aurait une compagnie pour l'empêcher de sombrer. Il n'a même pas gout de poser la question tellement il a peur de la réponse ou du regard de son coéquipier. Il prend ses armes, décidé à aider le physicien à tenir la promesse qu'il a faite au soleil, il ne tuera donc pas. Et peut-être, peut-être que le petit génie verra qu'il peut être utile, qu'il sait répondre à un ordre et trouvera un intérêt quelconque à le garder sous le coude. C'est idiot, mais il préfèrerait être son bras armé et subir sa constante indifférence plutôt que d'être séparé du physicien. Garde du corps est, au final, un honnête job. Ça pourrait être bien d'être celui de Robert Capa. Il ne doit pas le regarder, le militaire a besoin de garder contenance, aussi, il reste au devant afin de ne pas se laisser prendre par ses émotions à la vue du petit brun. Il l'entend parler à l'AI, mais n'écoute pas, il ne le doit pas. Il est là pour escorter le physicien jusqu'au point de destination, sécuriser le paquet et obéir à chacun de ses ordres. Et c'est justement ce qu'il fait tandis que Capa lui donne les indications de leur destination. Soudainement son sixième sens lui dit qu'il y a danger alors il tire par deux fois, bien qu'il ne sache pas si c'était de simples animaux sauvages ou des primates ! Il doit faire place nette, c'est tout ce qui lui importe ! Ils marchent vite dans la végétation dense car il n'est pas serein, le bruit a pu attirer un peu plus d'attention encore ! Bientôt le vert et le marron se fondent dans une crevasse, laissant place à un objet noir et mat, immense qui s'enfonce dans le sol. Le lieutenant se place à un lieu stratégique, observant les alentours. Il garde une nouvelle fois le physicien dans le dos et donc ne le surveille pas installer l'AI sur le dispositif de défense de l'engin, trop occupé à scanner les environs. Le lieutenant n'est donc pas témoin de son sourire lorsque l'énigme s'allume sur l'écran digital et qu'il pianote avec entrain les différentes réponses. Lui il tire, car les primates viennent en nombre en leur direction. Lorsque son premier pistolet est vide, il tire le second de sa poche arrière de treillis et continue de tirer sans s'arrêter. Il se rend compte que chaque tir touche sa cible et les primates tombent comme des mouches dans un sommeil profond. Ça le laisse perplexe pour un temps car oui, il n'est pas si bon tireur normalement. Comme tout le monde, il a ses loupés, mais là ses performances sont développées au possible tout comme son acuité visuelle. Il ne peut pas se permettre de réfléchir à quelque chose d'aussi futile car il n'a pas de réponse à fournir et ce n'est pas le moment de se laisser distraire. Le bruit d'un mouvement mécanique le fait se retourner, la porte de la machine vient de s'ouvrir. Mace n'a jamais douté de Capa, jamais. Il prend le temps d'observer le jeune homme qui est trop occupé à ranger ses affaires pour se rendre compte qu'il est scruté. Il peut savourer à loisir le visage satisfait du physicien. Roby vivra et c'est ça le plus important à présent, la machine s'est ouverte pour lui et le mènera là où il doit se rendre, un endroit dans lequel il n'a pas sa place. Lorsqu'une balle le frôle de quelques centimètres, le militaire revient abruptement à la réalité, il doit repousser la menace, protéger son amant, car quoi qu'il se soit passé, quoi qu'il se passe, il aime Roby et ne cessera jamais de l'aimer ! Il va rompre sa promesse de soldat, mais il le doit pour que Roby vive ! Il tire de sa poche internet de veste une nouvelle arme puis tire sur l'un des singes qui crie lorsque la balle pénètre son épaule. Il bafoue à nouveau la confiance de Robert, mais il n'a pas d'autre alternative car de nouveaux singes armés arrivent dans leur zone. - Hey, c'est sur moi qu'il faut tirer ! » Il ne tuera pas, non, il tire à nouveau sur un singe, puis en l'air en courant entre les bosquets. Si il doit mourir ici, alors que ça soit pour aider son amant, que ça soit pour que Roby vive ! Il s'adresse aux singes tandis qu'il court droit devant lui. Ce voyage, il sait qu'il n'y a pas sa place, il le sait pertinemment... Le lieutenant Mace aura au moins le privilège de voir le physicien s'en aller pour un endroit qu'il espère meilleur. Qu'importe son prochain sort, une chose est sûre, Capa vivra ! La première déflagration avait rendu le physicien fort peu content, il avait relevé les yeux et s'était apprêté à crier sur le soldat mais la balle ne provenait pas de son camarade qui portait encore son pistolet neutralisant entre ses doigts, aussi la rage de Capa s'étiola car c'était les singes qui avaient pris les armes. Il se dépêcha de ranger l'AI afin qu'elle ne prenne pas une balle perdue puis il s'engouffra dans la machine. Le physicien était encore en colère contre le lieutenant, il avait lu ce qu'il avait fait, il avait pleuré longuement en se rendant compte que l'homme pour lequel il avait ouvert son cœur était de ceux qu'il détestait. Cela rendait-il Mace ignoble ? Oui et non. Mace était mort, deux fois ; l'homme avec qui il s'était allié n'était pas le soldat sans foi ni loi qui avait exécuté femmes et enfants pour faire passer un vulgaire message d'ordre. Il héla le militaire, mais entre le son des armes et les cris des singes, Mace ne l'entendit pas et lorsque Capa se retourna l'homme avait simplement disparu. Le choc le cloua sur place, il voulut partir à sa suite, mais une balle siffla près de lui et la porte de la machine commença à se refermer. Pris de panique, il hurla et hurla encore le nom du soldat mais bientôt l'obscurité se fit. Capa observe la porte sans savoir si il est soulagé ou non que quelqu'un d'autre ait pris la décision pour lui. Il ne sait pas si il voulait que Mace se joigne à lui durant ce voyage ou si il aurait eu le cran de lui interdire de monter. Le fait de ne pas vraiment être certain que c'est le choix qu'il aurait fait le tourmente, mais l'allumage de la machine l'oblige à suivre le chemin tracé par les lumières. Tandis qu'il marche, il se rend compte que même si Mace fait chemin inverse, il n'aura pas la réponse à l'énigme et que la machine risque de se retourner contre lui. Une larme roule sur sa joue. Voulait-il laisser Mace derrière lui ? La tête basse, il pénètre une salle gigantesque dont il ne voit ni le plafond, ni le fond. Le physicien est pourtant certain que la machine fait six mètres de haut, alors comment peut-elle en faire une centaine une fois à l'intérieur. Il s'approche de garde fou de son étage puis jette un coup d'œil en contre-bas : cette salle est un puits sans fond, ceinte par un chemin en colimaçon, le mouvement des lumières lui donne le tournis bel est si bien qu'il se jette furieusement en arrière et frappe le mur derrière lui. Il est surpris par le son creux qui découle de cette rencontre abrupte, aussi il se retourne et se rend compte que la totalité du mur autour du colimaçon est affublé de capsules. Celle-ci porte le nom de Carleduinae, lorsque son indexe se pose sur la sorte d'écran dont elle est munie, il s'allume. Ses yeux bleutés réagissent devant l'image d'un oiseau rouge et noir qui chante des petits piou piou suraigus en se dandinant et en gonflant son poitrail rouge. - Nom de Dieu ! » Toutes ces capsules renferment des échantillons d'ADN, ceci est une Arche de Noé futuriste. Un mouvement à sa gauche attire son attention, aussi il tourne son regard sur ce qui se meut sur le chemin escarpé. Le petit génie reste bouche-bée lorsque la forme devient nette et qu'une sorte de robot lui fait signe de le suivre. Il n'aura pas le loisir de voir ce qui se cache en bas, en tout cas pour le moment, mais il parie sa chemise que les animaux qu'il a vu aujourd'hui sont aussi enregistrés dans cet almanach gigantesque. - Tu me comprends ? » La machine fait une signe positif de ce qui ressemble à une tête, tout du moins ses capteurs visuels y sont logés. - Tu enregistres tout ce qui se passe sur la planète ? » Un nouveau signe affirmatif. Si jamais Neo Gaïa ou qu'importe le nom est déserte, il ne s'ennuiera pas pour les prochaines centaines d'années, c'est certain ! Il devrait se sentir enthousiasmé par tout ça, mais quelque chose lui manque. Quelque chose... quelqu'un... une présence à ses côtés. Il a beau se retourner, Mace ne se tient pas à ses côtés, il n'est pas là pour lui sourire et il ne lui tiendra plus jamais la main pour l'épauler. Non, plus jamais... Et même si il s'en va à sa recherche, est-ce que le soldat lui pardonnera son silence et son indifférence ? Capa soupire, résigné, il marche derrière le robot sans éprouver le moindre sentiment d'accomplissement, il s'en va pour Neo Gaïa avec un échantillon de tous les animaux de la planète Terre, de quoi refaire un monde parfait. Mais seul ? Qu'en tirerait-il comme plaisir ? Il aurait pardonné à Mace, il aurait continué de l'aimer. Il a maintenant la réponse à sa question, il n'aurait pas repoussé le militaire, il l'aurait emmené mais on ne lui avait pas laissé le temps de s'en rendre compte. Lorsqu'il pénètre la salle de pilotage, le petit génie trouve de quoi installer l'Intelligence Artificielle, après quelques branchements et vérification Kaneda s'est approprié le cockpit et dialogue avec la machine super avancée. Il n'a pas gout à la regarder, à observer sa magnificence et sa déroutante novation. Son regard n'arrive pas à se focaliser sur quelque chose car il pense à Mace, isolé et reclus sur cette planète déserte et puis, tout à coup, il ne supporte pas l'idée d'être seul, d'être perdu sur une route dont il ne connait pas le dénouement. Le physicien soupire puis tourne son attention sur le robot à ses côtés. - Aide-moi. Un ami est resté dehors, j'ai besoin de le récupérer, il ne peut pas rester ici et si il ne vient pas avec moi, je ne partirais pas. » La chose faite de métal semble incliner la tête, cherchant à analyser ce qu'il vient de dire, puis elle se met en route. Il espère que cette machine futuriste est capable de téléportation ! Mace court rapidement parmi la végétation, les branches et les ronces lui lacèrent la peau mais il n'a pas le loisir de flancher car les balles siffles non loin de lui ; ses poumons sont en feu, mais il n'a aucune envie de se rendre. Lorsque la vue se dégage, il a juste le temps de s'arrêter avant de dégringoler depuis la falaise sur laquelle le chemin s'arrête. En face, une chute d'eau descend dans les profondeurs de la terre. Il est fait comme un rat, il n'a pas beaucoup de chance de survie en sautant dans cette gorge infinie, pas plus qu'il n'en a à rester là où il se trouve ! Lorsque le bruit de pas des singes gris se fait plus distinct, il gonfle son torse et se laisse tomber dans le vide. C'est un pari qu'il peut perdre, mais qu'importe, il se doit d'essayer. Les yeux fermés et les bras en croix, Mace se laisse happer par le vide. Le sentiment est bon, il a l'impression de flotter gentiment dans les airs, le bruit de la chute d'eau n'est plus qu'un doux murmure qui lui promet monts et vallées. Il devrait déjà être en bas, ou mort, au choix, son interrogation lui fait ouvrir les yeux. La stupeur le conquiert lorsqu'il se rend compte que l'eau coule à l'envers. Le spectacle est à la fois magique et franchement perturbant, ce qu'il croit être une chute est visiblement une sorte de surplace, quel genre de phénomène peut entrainer une telle lévitation ? Il l'ignore mais son corps est poussé à rester très sagement immobile de peur que le charme ne s'estompe et qu'il s'écrase sur les rochers en contre bas. « Protéger… tu dois mener Capa plus loin… protéger… Encore… » Ça faisait longtemps qu'il n'avait pas entendu cette voix inhumaine à l'intérieur de son crâne. Mace voudrait être auprès de Capa, il le voudrait vraiment, mais il n'a plus sa place aux côtés du physicien. D'ailleurs le bruit sourd d'un moteur lui rappelle que l'homme s'en va à présent, qu'il quittera bientôt l'atmosphère de la Terre. La terre tremble lorsque la structure quitte le sol, malgré les goutes d'eau presque vertes qui remontent lentement et étrangement vers le ciel, un morceau de pierre s'éboule suivant les lois de la gravité et manque de l'emmener avec lui. Le militaire ne sait que faire, bougeant avec précaution les bras afin de s'assurer de la stabilité de ce semblant de lévitation, il essaye maintenant de... nager, ou quelque chose s'y rapprochant, vers le rocher le plus proche et semblant être le plus stable de la structure. L'avancée est hasardeuse et manque franchement de coordination afin qu'elle soit pertinente, mais il peut enfin frôler la roche, ou plutôt il devrait car celle-ci s'éloigne. Pris de terreur le militaire bouge plus frénétiquement, mais rien n'y fait, la roche s'échappe de son emprise glissant en contre-bas. Mais n'est-ce que ça ? Comment une falaise rocheuse peut descendre dans la terre ? A moins qu'il... Le mécanicien pousse un cri de surprise lorsqu'un mouvement le tire par en haut, il voudrait bien tourner de l'œil car la sensation d'échappement est trop importante et bien qu'il mouline des bras, il ne peut rien faire contre cette aspiration qui le propulse avec de plus en plus de force vers le haut. Bientôt il passe devant les singes gris qui semblent prendre peur à cause de sa rapidité et certainement à cause de ce phénomène qui n'a rien de naturel. Lorsqu'il peut enfin pivoter son corps de façon à ce qu'il soit plus à la verticale qu'à l'horizontale, Mace lève les bras au devant de son crâne car il va percuter un truc doré et aveuglant. C'est bien sa veine, il avait échappé à une mort certaine en tombant dans les abîmes et c'était dans les cimes qu'il allait se vautrer ! Choc il y eut, il peut le confirmer, mais pas là où la logique l'aurait voulu car il a mal aux genoux, aux avant bras et au nez puisque son visage a heurté quelque chose de dur. Lorsqu'il ouvre les yeux, il est à quatre pattes sur un sol froid et métallique, une sorte de ronronnement sourd fait vibrer la surface qui s'illumine d'un éclat doré. L'ingénieur n'est pas sûr de la provenance de la luminosité, car elle ne semble pas venir d'un réel éclairage ou bien, il est invisible à l'œil nu. Se lever est plus difficile qu'il n'y parait car il tremble encore ; Mace n'a jamais été sujet au vertige, mais faire du saut à l'élastique, sans élastique, peut rendre le plus enhardi des hommes aussi tremblotant qu'un nouveau né. Lorsqu'il se retourne, le coup fatal lui est asséné car il se fracasse contre quelque chose d'invisible à l'œil nu. Si c'est une vitre, elle est parfaite et c'est bien sa veine, si c'est autre chose et bien, il n'a pas vraiment l'envie de savoir ce que c'est ! Tout ce que l'homme peut faire d'instructif c'est de pousser un juron en frottant son nez qui va certainement doubler de volume dans les prochaines heures. Où est-il bon Dieu ?! Approchant les mains contre cette paroi indécelable à l'œil nu, Mace se rend bien vite compte qu'il est dans une sorte de carré de trois mètres de long, assez grand pour bouger dedans, mais trop pour s'en extirper par le haut. A l'évidence, il est prisonnier et ça ne le réjouit pas trop. Il prendrait bien le risque de tirer, mais si ce truc est pare-balle, il pourrait bien se tuer avec un possible ricochet, autant dire qu'il est dans la mouise ! Robert stresse car les moteurs se sont mis en route, malgré son objection et que la machine a décollé. Il ignore combien de temps il lui reste pour faire monter le militaire à bord, mais il craint qu'une fois sorti de l'atmosphère, ce soit chose impossible, aussi il presse le pas, maudissant le robot qui prend son temps. - Par où ? » Cette chose est gigantesque, chaque couloir mène à une intersection, chaque intersection le laisse pantois, si jamais le robot le laissait là tout seul, il devrait essayer toutes les combinaisons possibles et imaginables pour retrouver son chemin ! Ça lui donne le vertige. Alors il décélère, pas qu'il en ait envie mais visiblement le tas de ferraille est à son maximum ou refuse de se presser pour une quelconque raison et Capa n'a pas tellement envie de le perdre de vue. Lorsque la machine ouvre un sas, il est ébloui par une lumière dorée bel et si bien qu'il ferme les yeux le temps de pouvoir faire le point. La lumière arrive même à bruler ses yeux derrière leur paupière, ça lui laisse imaginer la puissance de la chose. Il ignore si c'est la boite de conserve qui a baissé la luminosité ou si elle s'est adapté à ses limites humaines mais il peut enfin ouvrir les yeux. La pièce est d'un blanc argenté, le sol comme toutes les cloisons semble fait de métal, un métal si brillant qu'il le croirait laqué. L'endroit est magique et semble ne pas avoir de fond tellement il est étendu. Après trois pas dans la direction la plus idiote c'est à dire en face de lui, le physicien s'écrase contre quelque chose d'invisible, semble-t-il un mur. Sa main caresse le mur, quel que soit la matière elle est à température ambiante, la texture n'est pas celle du verre et il faudrait un truc vraiment bien fait et propre comme un sous neuf pour ne pas s'apercevoir de la supercherie. Qui plus est, ses doigts ne laissent aucune empreinte... Superbe ! Il n'a pas le temps de se poser plus de questions car la main robotique lui demande de s'approcher d'un écran. Le physicien met quelque longues secondes à appréhender la machine qui ne parle pas un seul mot d'anglais ou d'une quelconque langue qu'il a pu mémoriser en partie pendant ses études. Il clique un peu au hasard jusqu'à ce que l'écran devienne noir et que Kaneda se branche dessus. - Merci. Trouve-moi Mace et fait le monter à bord. » Le petit génie pianote sur l'écran qui est traduit au fur et à mesure de ses recherches, mais l'écran refuse de le mener jusqu'à la présence humaine laissée sur la terre ferme. - Comment ça aucun trace de type humain ?! » Non, c'est impossible ! Son pouls augmente tandis qu'il recommence à nouveau ses recherches, si la localisation n'aboutit pas c'est qu'il n'y a plus rien d'humain sur cette planète, ce qui veut dire que le militaire est mort. Lorsque le résulta s'affiche une nouvelle fois, Capa s'écroule sur le sol prenant sa tête entre ses mains. Il a échoué... - Laisse-moi... » La machine ne voit-elle donc pas qu'il a besoin de solitude, ne voit-elle donc pas qu'il a perdu un ami et bien plus que ça ? Le petit génie la repousse mais le bras robotique ne cesse de le secouer aussi il roule des yeux, se focalisant sur la machine qui pointe quelque chose sur la gauche. La gauche, hein ? Le vide... encore et toujours plus de blanc, plus d'espace vide... ou pas puisque certaines choses ne sont pas visibles pour la vue limitée de l'humain. En tout cas, si il doit voir quelque chose, il ne perçoit rien du tout ! - Quoi ? » La machine fait à nouveau un signe aussi il se lève puis se dirige vers la gauche. Ce qu'il redoutait arriva, mais Capa ne se fera pas avoir deux fois, voilà pourquoi il marche les bras bien tendus en avant. Évidemment, il s'est retourné un doigt et peste. Devant lui, à nouveau cette matière invisible et visiblement infranchissable. - Je dois voir quoi, aide-moi, j'y vois rien du tout ! » Il lui semble que la machine vient de soupirer ou c'est un joint pneumatique qui s'est actionné. Quoi qu'il en soit, il se retourne le temps de voir le robot se diriger vers un écran de contrôle qui change tout à coup la luminosité de la pièce. Maintenant que le doré est passé à une lumière froide et presque bleutée, il discerne quelques reflets blancs émis par la paroi lui permettant de la longer sans marcher comme un aveugle. Il est surpris d'entendre du grabuge quelques mètres plus loin, plus encore de voir une de ces enceintes invisibles exploser. Un sifflement assez reconnaissable le fait plonger à terre, question de survie car visiblement quelqu'un a fait usage d'une arme à feux. - Bordel de merde ! » La voix est haute, exagérée et franchement trop forte, mais l'intonation et le timbre sont bien ceux de Mace qui vient d'apparaitre devant ses yeux décontenancés. Capa se rend compte avec étonnement que la matière est invisible mais qu'elle cache parfaitement bien ce qu'elle contient car il n'avait pas vu l'homme avant que celui-ci ne casse tout sur son passage. Il rigole. La méthode Mace a failli lui manquer. Le petit génie se redresse, quelque peu mal à l'aise car il ignore ce que va dire le militaire quand il le verra. - Bordel de Dieu, Capa ? C'est quoi ici et on est où, ici ? » - Pas la peine de cirer. » - Parle plus fort, j'entends rien. Rah, ça décuple le son, j'aurais jamais du tirer dans ce caisson, même une bombe fait pas autant de vacarme ! Tu disais ? » - Tu es sur l'Arche. » - Comment je suis arrivé ici ?! » - Bonne question... visiblement t'es arrivé avant que j'arrive à te téléporter. » - Vraiment ? » - Hum. » Le militaire hausse un sourcil et fronce l'autre, montrant qu'il a du mal à croire à ce que le petit génie vient de lui avouer, Capa ne le blâmera pas car il ne l'a pas aidé à croire en ces mots-là. Il voudrait bien continuer la discussion, mais hurler de la sorte afin de se faire entendre de son camarade, lui donne l'impression de crier sur le militaire et ce n'est pas le message qu'il veut faire passer. Qui plus est soudainement ses pieds ne touchent plus le sol, ce qui veut dire qu'ils viennent de quitter l'atmosphère terrienne et qu'ils sont maintenant dans l'espace, assez loin pour que la gravité ne joue plus son rôle. A son grand étonnement, ou pas, à vrai dire, le robot continue de cheminer sur le sol métallique sans s'émouvoir, Capa suspecte la machine d'être reliée par une sorte de force magnétique. - Pitié, ça va pas recommencer ! » - On a quitté la Terre, c'est normal ! On devrait se rendre au cockpit, le matériel médical s'y trouve, faut qu'on regard tes oreilles, Mace t'as du sang qui en goutte. » A ces mots, l'ingénieur passe un indexe le long de son lobe en faisant une mine de dégout. - Kaneda ? C'est possible un centre de gravité ? » Visiblement oui, car il retrouve la terre ferme abruptement, Capa y était préparé puisque c'est lui qui en avait fait la demande, mais le militaire s'est retrouvé sur le cul avant d'avoir compris ce qui s'était passé. - T'es sûr que tu veux de moi ici ? » Capa ne répond pas, il fait un simple signe positif de la tête, tendant sa main au militaire qui hésite avant de s'en saisir. Les deux hommes suivent le robot qui les mènent dans la salle de pilotage. Si Mace est étonné de ce qu'il voit, il n'en formule aucun mot. L'homme est silencieux, attentif et certainement en colère à cause de sa surdité, mais il ne démontre aucune envie de s'en aller ou de rester seul. Lorsque la porte du cockpit se ferme derrière eux, Kaneda est en pleine effervescence, il y a tout un tas de panneaux allumés parlant de vecteurs et de directions ainsi que de diagrammes tridimensionnels ; assez d'informations pour que le petit génie soit obligé de baisser les yeux si il ne veut pas faire imploser sa matière grise en essayant d'analyser les chiffres. Ouvrir les capsules ne va pas être difficile, mais est-ce que le robot médical pourra entrer dans la pièce est une autre chanson. Capa n'est pas certain et si ça coince, il n'a pas envie de savoir ce que ça fera. - Unité médicale ? » Le robot pousse un bouton ouvrant une porte sur une pièce complètement vide, comme si il avait compris ce qu'il y avait dans la capsule que tenait Robert entre ses doigts. Le scientifique préfère appuyer dessus et la jeter comme une grenade avant d'entrer dans la pièce. Cette chose reste pour lui inexpliquée donc le phénomène scientifique devra rester aussi loin de lui que possible. Se retrouver seul dans cette pièce avec Mace le rend soucieux, mais avant de penser au reste, il doit d'abord scanner son crâne. Une fois certain qu'il n'y a aucune lésion sur la sorte d'IRM en trois dimensions, le petit génie glisse un de ces sprays hypodermiques contre les tempes du militaire qui teste sa voix. - Mieux ? » - Parfait. » - Bien. Ce truc est vraiment... magique. » Ça non plus il ne sait pas comment s'est fait, mais il avait prévu d'en décortiquer un pour comprendre ! Ils n'ont rien à se dire, ou plutôt si, ils ont tant à partager que le petit génie ne sait par quoi commencer. Il voudrait s'excuser, il voudrait prendre Mace dans ses bras tout en lui demandant de lui pardonner sa réaction. En même temps, lorsqu'il le regarde assez longtemps, tout ce qu'il voit c'est l'homme dans les dossiers de l'armée : le tueur et ça l'empêche de céder à la tentation. Comment réparer leur relation ? Il n'en sait rien car c'est la première qu'il vit et bien qu'il aimerait effacer tout ça d'un revers de main, comme lorsqu'une de ses équations est éperonnée, il comprend bien que la situation ne s'y prête pas. Aussi ils se regardent chacun leur tour, incapable de soutenir le regard en face d'eux. L'ingénieur semble résigné, il soupire en se redressant puis quitte la pièce sans prononcer un seul mot. Peut-on rattraper ce genre d'erreur ? Capa se le demande. Ils s'évitent pendant le voyage jusqu'à Sagitarius A, Mace ayant repris son rôle de mécanicien malgré que les robots qui sont au final presque une centaine, semblent être les seuls sources de maintenance de cet appareil. Il a fini par trouver un plan détaillé de la base, grâce en partie à Kaneda qui fait fi du langage particulier de la machine grâce au code le plus basique de l'informatique : le binaire. La plus part des installations ont fini par être traduite en Américain, aussi il apprend tout ce qu'il peut de cette machine en vue de leur arrivée sur leur planète natale. Le militaire se refuse de penser au physicien, il préfère laisser les choses se décanter d'elles-mêmes. Alors oui, ça fait mal de le croiser dans les couloirs sans avoir le droit de le toucher ou de lui parler, mais c'est mieux ainsi. Mace ne peut pas faire mieux que ça, car il n'y a rien qu'il puisse faire. Soit Capa est capable de passer outre son passé et de l'accepter tel qu'il est, soit... il préfère ne pas y penser. Oppressé dans une trappe exigüe, l'homme joue avec un tas de fils et de cartes à puces sous l'œil attentif d'un robot qui l'épie dans le moindre de ses gestes. En théorie c'est assez ressemblant à ce qu'il y avait sur Icarus II, mais en pratique, Mace doit s'avouer perdu et c'est sans cesse qu'il demande des explications à la machine. « Arrivée aux coordonnées de Sagitarius A dans approximativement : une heure. Mace est prié de rejoindre le centre médical pour une mise en stase avant le passage en hyper vitesse. » Ça c'est Kaneda. Ressentir avec exactitude le temps qui passe dans ce gigantesque vaisseau, plongé dans l'obscurité de l'univers n'est pas chose aisée. Mace ignore donc combien de jours, de semaines ou de mois se sont écoulés depuis leur départ, il parierait sur deux semaines, mais n'en mettrait pas sa main à couper ! Quoi qu'il en soit, durant ce laps de temps Capa a donné la parole à Kaneda, s'est improvisé co-pilote et bien plus encore... Tout ce qui est scientifiquement avancé le passionne, il oublie ses problèmes en se plongeant dans la connaissance, le militaire n'en attendait pas moins du civil, mais ce n'est pas ainsi que leurs soucis se résoudront ! Se résoudront-ils, d'ailleurs ? Mace n'arrive pas à croire qu'il a déjà abandonné, mais il doit faire face à la réalité, si l'esprit de Capa est déjà hors d'atteinte ici, qu'en sera-t-il là-bas ? Il range ses affaires, puis se dirige d'un pas lent vers les caissons de vie. Voilà une chose qu'il n'avait jamais essayé enfin si on oubliait son passage dans le tube à essai de Sam ! Cela dit, être plongé dans un liquide bleu pour être soigné et être carrément congelé étaient deux choses tout à fait différentes ! Ça ne relevait pas des mêmes interrogations, comme par exemple : qu'allait-il advenir de lui dans cette espèce de marmelade blanchâtre et comment allait se passer la décongélation ?! Faut-il rappeler qu'à son époque le problème de décongélation était encore un sujet aux discordes scientifiques et ce n'est que pour cette raison que le voyage jusqu'au soleil s'était fait éveillé ? Des années d'isolations, de cachets régulateurs d'émotions, de vide et de cauchemars, entouré d'un équipage qu'il ne pouvait plus vraiment voir en peinture... Oui, vu comme ça, il s'évitait bien des soucis avec Robert pour les mois ou années de voyage. Le militaire décida donc de laisser ses quartiers, tout du moins la pièce qu'il avait décrétée sienne lorsqu'il s'était rendu compte que la lumière argentée avait un effet décontractant sur lui. Ce vaisseaux est clairement une sorte de Cargo, ce n'était pas fonctionnel pour le moins du monde, si il y avait vraiment eu des humains dans le coin, ils avaient du être dans les capsules de cryo et nul part ailleurs. De ce fait, il n'y a aucun lit, aucune cuisine, aucun divertissement à part jouer aux échecs ou à la bataille navale contre Kaneda et systématiquement perdre. Bien heureusement pour eux, ils avaient emmené du matériel et les jardins leurs servaient à se nourrir, tout comme le stock de denrées lyophilisées que Sam avait empaquetées. Les couvertures de survie suffisaient à garder un peu de chaleur durant la phase de sommeil, pour le reste ils devaient se débrouiller. Passer du temps dans les jardins avec Corazon était un passe-temps comme un autre puisque la présence du physicien s'y faisait rare, mais l'endroit filait le cafard au militaire de part ses souvenirs et sa signification, aussi il préférait s'occuper à ce qu'il savait faire le mieux : Réparer ! Une fois la porte de la salle aux murs invisibles de franchie, son regard bleuté coule sur sa droite, Capa est assis devant le panneau de commandes et prépare les deux tubes qui leur serviront. - Tu dois tout enlever, aucun tissus, métal ou quoi que ce soit dans le caisson. T'as pas une broche ou un truc du genre dont je ne serais pas au courant ? » - Rien du tout. » - Parfait. Je te laisse te déshabiller, je prépare le cocktail. » - C'est toi qui l'a fait ? » - Hum ! Pas de souci, je l'ai testé sur Corazon avant, je dois juste te peser avant l'injection histoire d'être certain de la dose. » Ce sont les premiers mots qu'ils s'échangent depuis qu'ils se sont séparés après leurs retrouvailles et c'est loin d'être chaleureux. Tout du moins c'est suffisant pour deux membres d'un équipage ! Le militaire comme à son habitude ne se formalise pas de la nudité, il se fiche que Capa se soit retourné ou non, il commence déjà à se débarrasser de ses vêtements tandis que le scientifique se racle la gorge puis se retourne. - Ça y'est ? » - Hum. » - Kaneda, scanne Mace, je veux son poids au gramme près. » Capa est faussement détaché, Mace peut s'en rendre compte tandis qu'il effectue quelques mouvements mal-assurés avant de se plonger dans ses calculs, cela dit il ignore si c'est à cause de sa présence ou de son manque de vêtements. Peut-être a-t-il tout compris de travers, avec Capa ça ne serait pas la première. L'ingénieur manque d'un certain tact dans ses relations, à n'en pas douter. Le handicape de Capa ne l'aide pas vraiment qui plus est, et Mace se demande si le petit brun n'attendait pas sagement quelque chose de lui. Un signe pour lui prouver qu'il lui pardonnera, qu'il lui a déjà pardonné. A force de silence et d'isolement, ils se sont visiblement perdus. - Capa ? » - Pas le moment. » - Prend-le maintenant, parce qu'après on ne sait pas ce qui va advenir. » Le brun soupire, il se retourne mais baisse les yeux rapidement, Mace comprend que ce n'est pas parce qu'il ne veut pas le voir mais c'est encore cet étrange sens de la pudeur qui dicte les actes du petit génie. - Me pardonneras-tu un jour ? Pour ce que j'ai du faire et ce que j'ai fait ? Parce que moi, Capa... je t'ai déjà pardonné. Alors c'est vrai, c'est pas facile, mais notre relation ne l'a jamais été ; pourtant on s'en est pas mal tiré. Et même si ce n'était juste que pour un temps, si on me demandait de recommencer je le ferais sans aucun doute possible. J'ai aimé t'aimer, Robert Capa, aussi idiot que mes mots peuvent être. » Le regard bleu se relève lentement au fur et à mesure de ses mots, les deux éclats bleus semblent tressaillir sous le coup de sa dernière phrase, mais le brun se refuse d'ouvrir la bouche. Il se lève, baisse le crâne lorsqu'il est en face de Mace, puis lui caresse la nuque avant de lui enfoncer une aiguille juste en dessous de sa plaque. La douleur de l'aiguille n'est rien en face du silence pesant. Il ignore si c'est le liquide qui parcourt ses veines qui le rend si fébrile ou si c'est la froideur du physicien. Doit-il comprendre que Roby ne veut plus de lui comme amant ? Sinistre pensée pour un sommeil artificiel, c'est certain. Il se dirige vers le tube qui s'est ouvert pour lui et s'adosse contre la paroi, désabusé par la réaction de son ex. Le mot sonne diablement faux dans son crâne car il se refuse de considérer Capa comme son ex ! - Il va faire de plus en plus froid, essaye de te relaxer et de fermer les yeux, tu vas rapidement t'endormir, c'est plus désagréable qu'autre chose. Prêt ? » - Ai-je le choix ? » - Non, tes organes vont être réduits en bouillie lors de l'accélération, tu dois être congelé pour survivre. » - Charmant. » - On se revoit à la fin du voyage. » - Ouais... c'est ça... » Le caisson se referme et la température baisse, il lui faut tout son self-control pour ne pas claquer des dents et puis soudain la gelée blanche remplie la partie inférieure, remontant le long de son corps et privant chaque centimètre de peau de toute sensation à cause du froid engourdissant. - Lutte pas Mace. Inspire et expire lentement. » Plus facile à dire qu'à faire, le moniteur s'emballe et avec lui les battements de son cœur tandis que le liquide lui grimpe le long du torse, son instinct lui crie de sortir de ce cercueil de verre. C'est la panique totale maintenant bien qu'il essaye de répondre aux ordres de Robert, le militaire n'arrive plus à respirer correctement, il hyper-ventile. Dans un geste désespéré il dépose la paume de ses mains contre la surface devant lui observant le regard inquiet de Capa. - Mace, par pitié calme-toi. Regarde-moi. Ne regarde que moi et n'écoute que moi. Tout va bien aller, je suis là, juste là. Regarde. » Derrière la matière invisible les paumes de Capa le rejoignent, il voudrait pouvoir sentir le contact de sa peau, mais c'est impossible... Le militaire glisse la tête en arrière, retardant le moment fatidique où le liquide s'insinuera dans ses bronches. - Mace, ferme les yeux, inspire un bon coup. Je suis désolé, tu m'entends, je suis désolé. Quand je te vois, je vois tous ces morts et je sais pas comment le gérer. Moi aussi... moi aussi j'ai aimé t'aimer et je refuse que... » Il ne peut plus retenir son souffle, aussi il inspire à plein poumon le liquide froid qui s'insinue à l'intérieur de son corps comme une présence insidieuse ; il a l'impression de se noyer, mais bien vite, le froid l'emporte sur tout, sur la frustration, la peur et la douleur. Mace se sent bien, si bien qu'il ferme les yeux et s'endort paisiblement. ","Summary":" Note de l'auteur : Voilà longtemps que je voulais écrire une fic sur Sunshine, slash bien entendu, "},{"Movie":"Psycho","Title":"The Dutiful Son","Author":"dharmaharker","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7482380","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I can't get up. Mother, why can't I get up? Mother, stop it! It's sad, when a mother has to speak the words that condemn her own son. Oh God, stop it! Shut up! Shut up! But I couldn't allow them to believe that I would commit murder. Stop it! Stop it right now! They'll put him away now, as I should have years ago. He was always bad, and in the end he intended to tell them I killed those girls and that man... Oh God, I'm paralyzed! …as if I could do anything but just sit and stare, like one of his stuffed birds. I can't feel my legs! They know I can't move a finger, and I won't. Mother, you're hurting me! Mother, stop! Mother, please! I'll just sit here and be quiet, just in case they do... suspect me. Mother! They're probably watching me. I'm blind. Why can't I- Well, let them. Let them see what kind of a person I am. Damn it, Mother, I can't breathe! I'm not even going to swat that fly. Oh God, Mother, why can't I breathe? I hope they are watching... they'll see. Stop it! Stop it! Mother! They'll see and they'll know, and they'll say, \"Why, she wouldn't even harm a fly...\"[Chapter 2] FEBURARY 19, 1965. Doctor Richman sat at his desk, reading the Bates profile again. Name: Norman James Bates. Age: 30. Hair: Brown; Eyes: Brown. Height: 6' 2\". The facts are all the same , he thought, since the day I told Crane and Loomis. He was waiting for a call when the phone rang. His patient, he was told, after five years of experimental treatment, had spoken in his own voice. In barely contained excitement, he headed toward the young man's room in measured paces, stepping on only the blue tiles that checked the floor alongside white. Hands shaking, he swung the door open and stepped inside. Norman sat facing the wall. \"Hello, ah,\" Richman hesitated. \"…Mr. Bates? It is… Mr. Bates?\" Norman turned, smiling. His voice was soft and hoarse with disuse. \"Hello, doctor. That is, it's nice to meet you.\" Richman laughed breathlessly. \"The pleasure's all mine.\" His voice softened. \"Norman. Can I call you Norman?\" A cautious smile. \"…Sure.\" \"Listen, Norman. This is important.\" Richman began to speak in halting tones. \"Are you feeling alright?\" \"Sure. Headaches, but you know. Nothing else.\" The doctor's brow furrowed. \"Headaches?\" \"Yes.\" \"Any… voices?\" Norman paled. \"Same as always.\" \"And… your mother.\" The patient's facial expressions, Richman noted, became defensive. \"What about her?\" \"Have you seen her lately?\" \"Of course not… what do you know?\" \"You can tell me, Norman. It's okay.\" \"W-w-what… what is there… to tell?\" \"You were young, Norman. You were sixteen. You're safe now, and the sooner you come to terms, the sooner we can send you home. So what's it going to be?\" He growled through his teeth. \" What are you suggesting? \" \"We know you killed your mother.\" \"You leave my mother out of this!\" \"Listen now, let's be reasonable. You haven't been yourself and I want to have a reasonable discussion with you.\" \"A reasonable discussion! You know damn well it's too soon! You're a psychologist. They say I've lost five years. Gone for five years! Do you have any idea where I've been?\" \"I can imagine that it was a trying experience, and I hope that we can work through it together.\" \"You think you understand me, don't you? You think you know what goes on in my head. You have no idea.\" Richman turned to the exit, opening the door as slightly as possible. \"Margaret! Will you call Smith for me, please?\" A gentle voice, while muffled, rang as clear as a bell through the door. \"Let me speak to him! Let me just speak to him.\" \"I won't have it, Margaret! It's too early on!\" A stubborn white shoe wedged itself in the door. Enter Margaret, a pale young beauty with dark hair. Norman was instantly tamed by her presence. He blushed and shifted his eyes like a schoolboy. \"Miss Serling.\" \"Good afternoon! You seem better today.\" \"It's been a while, but I'm back. Most of the time. Well, some of the time.\" He grinned briefly, but his smile faded. \"How much did you hear?\" \"Enough to know that you're upset. I'm so sorry, Mr. Bates.\" Her soft voice and sincerity seemed to comfort him. \"Ah… Norman. Y-you can call me Norman.\" \"Well then, Norman, I'm around if you need somebody to talk to.\" Another charming grin. \"Oh, I will.\" She smiled. \"Good!\" \"I wouldn't get so excited if I were you, I'm a terrible conversationalist, and to be honest, I'm not sure if I can ever open up to you about what happened.\" \"We can talk about anything you like.\" \"No, wait. Don't get me wrong! It's not that I don't trust you. I-I trust you. I just… it's too awful for you to hear.\" \"You can tell me as much or as little as you like.\" \"Then we don't need to talk about my mother.\"[Chapter 3] APRIL 23. \"What do you mean, 'suicidal'? His behavior hasn't been hostile, we went over this the last time we met.\" Margaret leaned against the cold plaster wall, her hands behind her back. Richman leaned back from his desk. \"I don't want you spending all of your time with him. His mother personality is jealous, there were three young girls killed because of it.\" \"But we haven't seen that personality in weeks!\" \"I'm losing my patience with you.\" He lowered his voice. \"You listen to me. Just listen,\" he said, his face nearing hers. \"I have reason to believe,\" Richman whispered, pausing and looking out his glass door to make sure no one was listening, \"that he's beginning to develop dangerous emotions.\" \"Like what?\" \"Like… fear! Fear, for example. Last week, some folks tried to sweep up the floor in his room, and you have to understand- he's like a damned lion in a cage. This was no problem when the room used to collect dust, half the time he was catatonic and the other half, all the custodians had to put up with was verbal abuse from the mother. This time was different, though. He saw the broom, and he walked to the corner and he spoke of mopping up blood. He cleaned up after her crimes; I imagine there are a score of things we don't know. After he backed up a little more the janitor could start, but he kept on talking, and he said his mother used to beat him with a broom when he misbehaved as a child. It's going to be tough the next time we do that, all it takes is one bad day and he takes that broom and beats the janitor!\" \"That's not true, you know it isn't! Norman isn't the violent one; I'd be more concerned about him potentially harming himself.\" \"Not just fear,\" Richman said with confidence. \"What else?\" \"I can't tell you, Margaret. You're too directly involved.\" \"Then you should tell me,\" Margaret said. \"If this has anything to do with me, I have the right to know.\" \"You're not going to like this, but as you insist.\" The doctor sighed. \"I have reason to believe… that he's beginning to... develop… romantic… feelings. For you.\" She looked away. \"Do you have any evidence to support this?\" \"I have a funny feeling about the way he's been acting lately is all, I'm just concerned.\" Her sapphire eyes turned cold. \"I trust that your diagnoses aren't based on such conclusions.\" \"…I'll keep an eye out for you, then,\" Richman mumbled, shocked by her sudden change of manner. Sensing the awkwardness of the situation, he prepared to leave. \"I'll be off now, if you don't mind. I'd like to have a word with him.\" Richman opened the door for Margaret, and went whistling down the hallway. He paused at the door to Norman's room, or cell, if you like, or chamber, and entered. Norman was slouched against the wall, his eyes half-closed and mouth half-open in a hopeless, feverish expression. \"Norman!\" Richman ran to his side, where he knelt. \"Norman, are you feeling alright?\" The patient murmured some unintelligible words, after which his eyes rolled back into his head. He slumped to the floor. Richman reached out to take the patient's pulse. Norman's eyes opened suddenly, flashing a warning. He pulled away violently. A hideous, gravelly voice tore through his response like a death shudder. \" Don't touch me, you feeble-minded shrink! Lock my boy in the nuthouse, chain him up like some loon, that I approve, but don't you dare touch me!\" Richman drew back. \"Margaret!\" \" That's right, a man like you always runs back to some woman. You're a coward, just like my Norman. Do you think he's here by his own accord? Do you think there's any reason he hasn't up and killed himself other than seeing that filthy tramp of yours every day? I know what you are, I've got you scared now, haven't I! And I could tell her how you felt, because I can see what she can't, young and blind and brainless as she is! I can see things you can't, things my Norman can't! That insolent boy thinks he can defy me, but he knows! He knows that he can't live without his mother!\" Not sure what to say, Richman backed toward the door. The door swung open. Margaret stood on the other side, looking rather innocent. Norman's jaw quaked. It was as if his mother was trying to speak. He was holding her back with the little power he had. Suddenly, he gasped, himself again. Panting, he sank down further. He looked up at Margaret and Richman, who stood over him, puzzling. \"Terribly sorry,\" he sighed, his voice cracking slightly, \"I'm, ah… I'm feeling a little better now.\"[Chapter 4] APRIL 24, MIDMORNING. \"I want him the hell out of here. I want him in a high-security asylum in Phoenix.\" Margaret's hand was cool on the back of her neck. She let it slip down and clutch the golden cross she wore around her neck. \"That's not fair to him. He's never done anything to hurt anybody here. You said yourself five years ago he couldn't do anything in a place like this!\" Richman leaned back in his chair, his long legs extended and stretching under the low desk. He reached into his pocket and took out a cigarette- which he put into his mouth- followed by a lighter, which he used to light the cigarette. \"I thought you didn't smoke,\" Margaret said, watching Richman inhale. Richman took the cigarette out of his mouth and sighed, smoke rising. \"I do now.\"[Chapter 5] APRIL 24, NIGHT. A quiet, hollow knock on his door roused Norman Bates from deep, uneasy thought. He had not slept. \"Norman! Please, I want to speak with you!\" \"Shh,\" Norman warned, his weary voice strained, and whispered: \"You'll wake someone up! Do you have a key?\" There was a brief moment of silence as a key slipped into the lock. Both parties listened intently. There was a click, and a metal scraping noise. The doorknob turned as Norman stepped back. He had known all along whom his visitor was. Margaret stepped into the moonlight which poured through the shuttered window. Her eyes were red-rimmed with dark circles, indicating a burden she wished she could drop from her shoulders. Her face was flushed, she had indeed been crying. Norman didn't know why, and she now pushed a single dark curl from her eyes. \"I need to talk to you, Norman.\" \"It's awfully late,\" Norman said, his eyes shifting to the floor. \"I… why did you, ah… you wanted to…\" Norman cleared his throat. \"You wanted to talk to me?\" \"Yes- if you remember, I said you could always talk to me, but right now I need to talk to you.\" \"It's important, isn't it,\" Norman said. The gaunt way he looked startled Margaret. His face was as white as she'd ever seen it, and he now swayed slightly. His balance was off. She noticed one of his hands was held behind his back by the other arm, and had been all the while. His eyes were wide and empty. \"Norman, are you alright?\" Norman exhaled and fell backwards, collapsing onto the bench which was attached to the far wall, which Norman leaned into, closing his eyes. \"Norman!\" Margaret was at his side, and she kneeled by him, looking up into his face. He put his hand to his head, letting it slip down his face to reveal bloody fingerprints. \"What happened?\" \"I'm sorry,\" Norman mumbled. The previously hidden arm was soaked in blood, the other hand clutching it fiercely. The patient's breathing was labored and strenuous, through his teeth. Margaret tried to roll up Norman's sleeve gently as he winced, revealing deep grooves in his arm, bleeding profusely, afflicted there by the fingernails of his own left arm. \"What happened?\" Margaret looked deeply into his eyes. \"Tell me.\" \"She's…\" Norman trailed off, and seemed fainting a moment, closing his eyes and clutching the bench as if to try and steady his spinning head. He made a weak sound as if to clear his throat, but it didn't improve the quality of his voice. \"She's trying to kill me.\" \"Norman, don't move. I'll get you help!\" She rose and stepped into the light, her back to him. Her foot struck a pool of blood spreading on the floor. It had gone unnoticed. \"Don't go,\" Norman pleaded, leaning forward. \"What's wrong? Why did you come to speak with me?\" \"I can't...\" Margaret said, turning away. \"Something's happened,\" Norman said, raising his voice. \"You're shaking!\" Her voice wavered. \"A guard was killed. Richman thinks it was you. He has no proof, but he'll have his way. You're to be tried.\" \"What if it was? What if it was me?\" His eye flashed, his voice empty and harsh. Margaret had never seen him angry before. \"I feel like Dr. Jekyll! Do you know that? Except he was able to kill himself! What a lucky guy!\" Margaret drew a shaky breath. \"I knew what was happening. After Mother killed the first girl, I knew what was happening. I always knew. In the back of my mind, I watched. I had always been my worst enemy.\" \"Please don't tell me this!\" A tear rolled down Margaret's cheek. \"I tried to stop it. After I knew what I had done, I tried to put a bullet in my head. She wouldn't let me!\" \"Please stop.\" \"So she killed the second girl. And then I knew. I had to cooperate. I had to do everything she said. Except now she doesn't need me anymore. Every second she's fighting me. You've seen it, I was so far gone. For five years I thought I'd never live again.\" A sob escaped Margaret's lips. She wiped the tears from her face. \"Why are you telling me this?\" \"Because you're the only one who's ever made me want to fight her.\" \"I don't understand.\" Margaret's hand rested on the cool surface of the unlocked door. Her blood pounded in her ears. The choice was hers to stay or to go. \"Why me?\" \"If I knew, I couldn't say- she would never let me. Please don't go!\" He pleaded desperately. \"I need someone who understands- someone who won't turn away. I can't fight her without someone's help. I never knew- please look at me!\" The door shuddered when, eyes closed and tears streaming, Margaret Serling locked it behind herself, and when the medics came they had to use their own key. Progress had been made and undone: Norman Bates was once again a divided mind.[Chapter 6] APRIL 25. Within the white walls of the medical ward, a young nurse sat by a bed in a quiet vigil, silently meditating on her past mistakes. Grudges. Regrets. Sins. Feelings she wished she could forget. Her stomach sick with memories. The first time she saw his face. High cheekbones, the soft brown eyes of an angel. Grinning like a demon. A child, a man, a monster. And the day he stopped smiling. When he blinked his eyes. When he looked at her consciously, a man whose face had been shaved by attendants. He smiled at her, gentle and dear, a boy-next-door. One conversation they had, a conversation she kept locked in the secret of her heart, now flooded the surface of her brain. It was early morning, before the sun rose. They met during odd hours, like star-crossed lovers evading the wrath of their ties, their mothers and doctors. Tension mounting between them, they spoke, breathless, chests heaving, eyes like trusting does. He had found something to hold onto. \"Tell me something,\" she had said. The aging youth was ever amused. \"What would you like me to tell? I don't have any secrets. You know t-the worst of me already.\" \"Then give me a memory.\" \"You first.\" She crossed her legs. \"When I first heard of you, I was sitting at my kitchen table, and I thought to myself, 'What a terrible man!' I was wrong.\" He frowned, with a smirk at the corners of his mouth. \"And you would think,\" she continued, \"that you would be violent and cruel, but... you're not.\" He hesitated, feeling sick, no words to say. \"Thank you.\" \"And now you.\" He tilted his head, his voice grim. \"Are you trying to provoke her?\" \"No! Never. Just tell me something... something no one else knows. Something everyone has forgotten. Remember your childhood. Remember Norman.\" \"If you're willing to listen... it's something awful.\" She braced herself. \"About your childhood?\" And he wove a story. He had been thirteen years old. He had walked in his backyard, his private domain. His foot fell onto a bird's nest on the ground, crushing an egg. He ran to the house and was sick on the doorstep. Presently, he was waking. Rays of early morning sun filtered through the blinds to fall on Margaret's hair. His bandaged wrist reached up, his hand touched her lips. \"You remind me of the Virgin Mary,\" he whispered. She closed her eyes.[Chapter 7] MAY 1 \"It's because I killed him, isn't it?\" He slumped over in his chair, his hands clasped at the back of his neck, wrists bandaged. \"I don't think you're as deeply at fault as you seem to believe.\" Norman's eyes, half-downcast, watched her cross her legs in the chair across from him. She watched as she partially pulled her shoe off with her other foot, watched her slide it back on. \"Norman?\" \"Yes?\" \"It's not your fault you've been moved to the high security ward.\" There was a resounding silence. The faint humming of the florescent light above their heads was deafening. Norman raised his eyes. \"I guess.\" He cleared his throat. \"But it doesn't matter. Who knows, besides us?\" \"Norman-\" \"No one. Right?\" He seemed deep in thought, there was something of himself behind his eyes. \"That's okay. I guess it was my fault to some degree. I mean… if I did it, but I didn't do it… that is, it was still me.\" \"Norman…!\" Margaret bit her lip. \"What?\" He hid his face in his hands. Head bowed like an angel, she stood and crossed the room. She smiled sadly as leaned down in front of him and placed her hand on his, gently moving his hands to meet his gaze. \"It wasn't your fault. Don't let anybody tell you otherwise.\" Norman realized her hand was in his, and for a moment held it there, as if he could transfer his bad memories away, as if years of pain could be relieved by touching her. With a look of earnest apology, Margaret pulled her hand away. \"I… I've been thinking. I need to speak with Richman,\" Norman mumbled, blushing fiercely. \"I'll bring you to him.\" Margaret unlocked the door as Norman rose from his chair. \"Will you stay in the doorway?\" \"Sure.\" She gently closed the door and walked down the corridor. Norman leaned against the cold metal and looked through the wire-crossed window. It was only wide and tall enough as a visor for his eyes. His line of vision was limited. He wasn't sure what had come over him, but he was terrified. Shaking. It was as if he was living his childhood again, alone in the dark with no one to comfort him, no one to teach him comfort. Something about the door across the hall drew him in. A gravelly voice called from across the hall. \"Norman Bates!\" Norman flinched, his eyes growing wide with terror, and whispered. \"No.\" An unseen hand pounded on the door that trapped it twice. The metal clang echoed in Norman's ears. \"Bates. That's your name, isn't it?\" It was a young man, no older than Norman himself. Norman stammered. \"I—I, ah…\" The voice laughed, and a pair of cold eyes sparkled cruelly at him through the window. \"Cat got your tongue? Jesus Christ! You dumb or something?\" There was a sharp edge on his words. \"I thought we got over that.\" Norman could feel the man smiling behind the metal door. It made him sick. \"You're a schitzo, aren't you?\" Cold sweat began to bead on his brow. Norman felt something familiar begin to tug at his core. Heat. The color red. Tenseness at the back of his neck, in his shoulders. Anger. He brought his arm above the window and leaned his face on it, breathing deeply. Breathing in the pressure in his head. He was weakening. \"That's alright,\" the man sneered. \"Don't answer me.\" Norman groaned softly, furrowing his brow. \"Did I hurt your feelings? I'm not picking on you, you know. I look up to you.\" The man leaned forward. \"Five years ago, they put you in here. You were twenty-five then. I was twenty-two. I saw you on TV.\" He cocked his head. \"I saw you. You were cracked. Catatonic. Completely unresponsive. And I thought that if some poor bastard could do it and completely lose his cool, I would be able to walk away unscathed.\" He laughed bitterly. \"Perfect murder. Of course, by now I realize there's no such thing. But you're the lunatic that landed me in here with blood on my hands. What about you, Bates?\" His voice lowered to a whisper. \"Do you have blood on yours?\" With a grin, he snickered cruelly. Norman turned away, pressing his fist into his clenched teeth as he rested against the wall, eyes shut tightly. As a child, he thought that closing his eyes would make the voices go away. It wasn't helping. Norman, hissed his mother in the darkened caverns of his tortured brain. Norman. Norman. \"Stop. Stop.\" He reeled to the back wall, head spinning. They know about you. Everyone knows about you. This game is over, boy, do you hear me? It wasn't me. It was never me. I never did a thing. You killed them. You killed them all. He leaned on the bench. \"It wasn't my fault.\" I can control you. I can kill you the way you killed me. I can kill her the way you killed those girls. Are you listening, boy? You will never get rid of me. Norman's eyes were stone-cold. \"You won't touch her.\" There was silence. For a moment, triumph. Then a whisper. We'll see. The door opened quietly. Margaret stepped into the room. \"Norman… I can take you to see him now.\" He looked up at her, dizzy and terrified. \"Are you feeling alright?\" He rose to his feet. \"Yes... yes, I'll follow you.\"[Chapter 8] Norman sat in a chair before the long, low desk, watching as Richman lit a cigarette. Smoke curled thin and high into the still air. He coughed quietly. \"You wanted to see me.\" Richman stood, pushed out his chair and looked down at his patient. Norman had the impression that Richman, like a frightened animal in its own defense, was trying to make himself appear larger and less vulnerable. \"I want to talk,\" Norman said, shifting in his seat. Richman exhaled slowly, cigarette smoke swirling in hazy lines above his head. \"What about?\" Norman, who had been staring at the floor, glanced up nervously. \"I think…\" His eyes flickered over Richman's face and darted away. He decided to look at the floor, lowering his voice. \"I know what you think I did.\" After swallowing nervously, he raised his head and looked at the doctor, who had gone to look out the window, and continued with a strength that seemed to come from nowhere. \"I'm asking you to give me a chance. No one ever told me where the guard was found or how he died. This isn't how I— she works. You know that.\" \"And you know better than I can ever theorize how unpredictable she is, and when she kills, who she targets.\" Richman's eyes glowed, his back to his adversary. \"Jealousy. You're lucky it was a guard and not a nurse. It's only a matter of time before someone gets hurt, and when someone does, you know who that will be.\" Shocked to the core, Norman's blood froze, directing every ounce of his concentration to Richman's words. \"You're a dangerous man. Dangerous to yourself and others. You belong someplace where you can't hurt anyone.\" Norman shuddered- someplace . \"Was that all you wanted to say?\" Richman turned, his expression as cold as his words. Norman nodded slowly. \"When you make your choice, I have a confession for you to sign. We'll work things out from there and send you somewhere safe. Promise you'll think about it? Or have you decided?\" He bent his eyes on the patient. \"I… I need time. T-to think it over.\" Norman closed his eyes in silent defeat. Richman was right. He couldn't stay.[Chapter 9] MAY 2. \"Doctor Richman wants to send me… someplace.\" \"I know what he wants you to do,\" said Margaret, shifting her eyes to study the peeling paint on the wall. \"And I know what would happen if you left. We both do, you and I. You would never improve. You wouldn't have the chance.\" \"But what would happen if I stayed?\" The strain in Norman's voice warned Margaret not to try his temper. \"He said something, didn't he? Doctor Richman. That's just like him.\" \"But he's right!\" Pleadingly, he grabbed her wrist. She drew back, and he pulled away, realizing he had crossed the line. \"Sorry.\" He paused briefly and exhaled through his teeth. \"I don't want to put anyone in danger.\" She threw a quick look over her shoulder. \"No one is in danger. Let me help you.\" \"Don't you see what I'm trying to say? Hasn't it been obvious all this time?\" Norman groaned hot-temperedly, eyes burning. \"It's you, I'm trying not to hurt you!\" His voice ached with regret. \"I've seen what I've done! I've seen it in ways no one else ever can!\" Margaret reached gently for Norman's shoulder. He turned himself away from her touch. \"You don't know me,\" he growled. \"You don't know anything about me. I let you try to understand me, but I can't! I can't, because I can't hurt anyone again.\" He looked truly shaken. His face had drained of its color; his eyes were glassy and dull. \"If I leave, she can't touch you. And maybe if I leave, maybe if I'm far enough from all of this, she'll be weaker. Maybe she'll get stronger. Oh, God, I don't know. Maybe she'll have the strength to kill me.\" Margaret's words were strong and quiet. \"I know how hard it is for you, but I need you to trust me. I need you to trust that you're stronger than you know.\" Norman was silent. How could he trust when every moment of his young life was wasted on someone who had twisted every sense of the word? How, when his past was so perverse, could he ever trust again? \"Just give me one day to prove your innocence,\" she pleaded. \"What if you can't? What if you're wrong?\" Margaret's thoughts were drawn back to her childhood, to every accurate hunch, to every clever moment of female intuition. \"I'm not wrong.\" \"You know who did it, then?\" \"I know how to find out.\" \"And Doctor Richman?\" So he knew. The good doctor resented his famous patient, for reasons that seemed clear to Margaret and not to Norman. Envy in its strangest form: what did the madman have that any respected man could want? \"He can't hide the truth.\" \"Alright.\" \"Alright.\" \"…I'll see you tomorrow,\" Norman said with a look of guilty hope. \"We've done so much talking,\" Margaret said as she paused by the door. \"We've just talked and talked for weeks and weeks.\" \"Maybe it's time for me to stop talking and start taking action.\" Margaret shrugged with a soft smile. \"What are you going to do?\" \"I don't know,\" Norman laughed with bittersweet feelings of vague fear and dizzy confidence. \"I don't know.\"[Chapter 10] Please review! MAY 2, EVENING. Margaret paused outside of Richman's office, her hand resting lightly on the doorknob. \"Time to take action,\" she whispered to no one in particular. He stood when she entered the room. \"I wasn't expecting you.\" \"I thought I'd pay a visit.\" He paused. \"This isn't like you. What do you want?\" \"Why do you assume I want something?\" Her father, a lawyer, once taught her to answer questions with questions and answers with more answers, or perhaps it was to question answers or to answer questions with both an answer and more questions. She couldn't remember now. It seemed so long ago, but she needed to channel every power she had. She knew that if sparring with Richman didn't work, there were other ways a woman could be persuasive even if she didn't wish to be. A life was hanging in the balance—a human life, no matter how guilty or innocent or strong or weak—something she felt a strange an inexplicable connection to. She would do what needed to be done. \"You never come by unannounced, or just because you want to. What's this all about?\" Her face flushed. She wasn't prepared to go against Richman, who she knew was a man who always had his way. She also knew he would hardly ever consider a slight young woman a formidable adversary. There was a chance he wouldn't even listen. \"I don't mean to question your judgment, but I feel there's been a mistake.\" Richman raised an eyebrow cruelly. \"On my part?\" \"It doesn't matter whose mistake it was, I intend to propose a solution.\" \"This doesn't have to do with that pet case of yours, does it?\" He watched as she turned her eyes away. \"You're kidding! Bates?\" She nodded. \"Why won't you let it go? We're a small facility. We can't keep him here. If we send him away, all our troubles are over.\" \"On what grounds? At what cost? So we send him away, and maybe our troubles are over. Maybe you'll sleep easier at night. But what happens when he leaves? Do we destroy everything we've ever done for him here? Here, there is a very real possibility that he will be reformed to some end. But anywhere else? That's when there are lives in danger. The stress of moving will prove too much for him.\" \"We won't know until we try.\" \"Are you really so confident, Doctor? You would lay something so valuable on the line?\" \"The word 'value' is subjective. You're referring to the moral weight of this man's life. A man who killed six people in cold blood. I can't ruin his life. He already has.\" Margaret's eyes shone with tears of hate. \"Not in cold blood, in the shadow of mental illness. What kind of doctor are you?\" \"I'm a man like any man. I need to account for my own well-being.\" \"I know he didn't kill the guard.\" A split second of silence. A split second of anger flickered in Richman's face at the corners of the mouth. As suddenly as he lost his composure, he regained it again. He smirked. \"Again, subjective. How can you know or assume anything without sound evidence?\" \"True, I don't have the evidence. But you do.\" She studied him, but no emotion was allowed through. His face was a blank slate. \"The security tapes from the east wing.\" He thought a moment. \"Why should I help you? Perhaps I'll be willing to bend—that is, you know what I want from you. You know what I've asked of you.\" \"Then you remember when I first came here. Three years ago.\" The cold mask of Richman's face was still and stoic. \"I asked you to marry me.\" \"And I'm willing to consider your offer.\" Richman laughed cruelly. \"You really love him.\" She tried to hide it, but the color flooding to her face betrayed her. She turned away with a slant of her brow and tightness of lip. Walking to the back of the desk, Richman reached into the desk drawer and withdrew the volume that would lead to Norman's acquittal. He crossed again to stand just beyond her reach, offering it to her in his hand held close to his chest. She stepped closer. As Richman thrust the tape into her hands, he grabbed her face and kissed her roughly on the lips. He felt her flinch in his grasp. He grinned as she walked from the room, clutching the small black videocassette in her hands. When she was outside in the hall and he could no longer see her, a tear slipped from her eye and stained her cheek.[Chapter 11] This week, we've reached about the halfway point. In your reviews— and please review— I'd love to see your predictions (they will not affect the ending I have already planned). I'm going to start updating more often, but please, review! I love reviews. MORNING, MAY 3. \"Norman, we've given over another patient to the authorities for the charges previously pressed against you.\" Margaret seemed triumphant, Norman noticed, but different. She seemed to be full of water instead of blood—a paler version of her rosy self. \"I… I don't understand.\" \"You're innocent. Of your latest charges.\" \"You were the only one who believed me. Thank you.\" A pause. \"Who was it?\" She became even paler now, like a lily. \"Another patient. The police came to get him earlier today. I'm not here to talk, I'm sorry. I've come here to bring you to Doctor Richman's new office.\" \"He moved? Why?\" \"He's been promoted. Now that he has authority in this building, Doctor Richman has decided that he would like you to continue these talks we've been having with him.\" The noise in the room, the white noise from through the walls, began to dim. The sound of Margaret's voice as she continued to speak became faint. \"He's had a new office prepared. A safe one. You know.\" \"Yes, I…\" Norman felt a crushing weight on his shoulders. His jaw tightened. A flash of pain at the corners of his eyes as his eyes flared. Then this was from the past? Or some premonition? Norman, you're cracked. Someone was telling him, safe? What is safe? Anyone can go mad, everyone does, if only for a moment in their lives. Nothing is safe when you remember, nothing is safe from you. All it takes is a moment to snap. It doesn't take long at all. It wasn't her voice, it was more familiar. His own. Something else of his own, too, his own alien laughter, uncanny and strange. Stress, something tearing… something tearing into his back. Ripping his flesh, searing his skull. Burning. the voice that pulled him back like a cloth dipped in cool water for a child's feverish face. \"Norman?\" \"You- I s-suppose you're right.\" You'll come with me, then? Yes, I'll come with you. She led him down the corridor, past the young man opposite his door howling with laughter, down a hall with no windows and little light until they reached a small oak door with a wire-crossed window. \"Go on in,\" Margaret said as she opened the door, the glance between the two like a thinly woven thread, and Norman knew that once it was broken there would be nothing anchoring him to the earth. She closed the door and his stomach dropped. Now he was alone, away from himself and the doctor. \"Sit down, please.\" He sat, ill, unwilling to realize what this meant. He felt himself drifting. \"Doctor, I— something's wrong; you see, something in my head…\" \"That's why I've called you in to see me. I understand your mind isn't working the way it should be.\" Norman laughed hotly. \"Well, that's why I'm here anyhow.\" Richman pressed his thin lips together into a line. The corner of his mouth twitched. \"We haven't spoken in a while, and all of this lack of conversation has been reflecting poorly on your progress.\" At the edge of his seat, bright-eyed, the madman (or so he was called) seemed more a fox than a mouse. The tenderness in his quiet voice was gone, and it seemed he had taken up arms and gone offensive against his regular inclination toward defense. \"I'm doing fine.\" \"We need to have a straight-forward talk. Miss Serling and I have decided that her services would be better employed in another part of the building. Others need the help she once offered you. Do you understand? Her healing will work, perhaps, with other patients like you.\" The world was shifting, and he thought the office was not safe at all. He noticed the very high ceiling, and thought that a man could hang himself in the rafters. The windows could be broken with ease, and their shards of glass could cut into flesh and make a man bleed. A skull could be smashed on the wall, floor, on the corner of the desk. Skulls are fragile, like paper, really. \"Do you understand?\" \"…Yes.\" \"You see why, don't you? Are you fighting her now?\" Words rippled around his ears. He felt miles away from himself, underwater. Before he couldn't describe how he felt, but now the word drunk came to mind. Intoxicated with sounds and sights, as the top corner of the office seemed to bend and contort itself, shrivel up before his eyes, bubble and hiss… \"Miss Serling, you mean?\" \"Your mother.\" \"No, I can't feel her at all.\" I can't feel her at all, she mocked. For an instant, the doctor's face was the bare likeness of a skeleton, a grotesque, sinewy figure like a bloody, grinning mask. \"Glad to hear it, Norman. Now, I'd like to prescribe you with a new medication…\" He's trying to poison you. Don't take it. Choruses of voices jeered and cackled, rattling in his ears, \"Poison! Poison, poison…\" He knew he wouldn't take it, just as he hid his morning pill under his tongue whenever Margaret didn't bring it to him and pretended to swallow, waiting until whoever was present had left him so he could hide it in the seam of his mattress. He knew it was wrong, but often felt another hand on top of his own, guiding it, and he felt that each fall into temptation after a day of resistance left him lower and lower than before. He was more dark than light; Margaret was his light, not that he placed her on a pedestal but she was a girl, just a girl, unlike any he had met before. Perhaps, like Marion Crane, a girl he trusted—Richman now spoke as he strained to listen— \"…And there is something else I'd like to try, something I believe may cure you completely,\" he lied. \"Would you like that?\" No. Tell him no. \"Yes. Anything. I'll try anything.\" He found his own thoughts in a throng of clashing voices. Yes. Help me. Just please hurry. Quickly. \"Have you ever heard of electroshock therapy?\" \"Yes.\" The strength of words on his lips gave Norman courage. \"Yes, I have.\" \"You seem uncomfortable.\" \"No. No, I'm alright.\" \"You need to trust me when I say I think that this is our only option,\" Richman said, feeling a rush of power not unlike the power of the trickery of a certain snake in a certain garden, hate disguised as relief. True, if used properly electroshock could treat it. He looked not to treat the mind, but to torment it, to abuse the tools he had in his possession. \"I do trust you.\" \"Good. I'm glad. Is there anything you would like to talk to me about?\" \"Well—will I… will I ever see Miss Serling anymore?\" Richman smiled and closed his eyes, shaking his head. \"She may visit you if she wishes, though I told her it may be improper to do so. It almost seemed at times as if you had almost romantic feelings for her. You know what happens when that's the case—of course, I know that isn't true. You're a man who understands his place.\" Bastard. \"Yes, sir.\" \"But Miss Serling's talents are required elsewhere, don't you understand? Can you bear it, can you spare her ?\" \"What?\" \"Can you share her? With the other patients?\" \"Of course.\" The doctor hated Norman, for reasons he knew too well and for reasons he didn't understand. All he needed was a trigger, something to send his patient over the edge into a violent fit. That would be so easy. Just test the edges of his tolerance, see what he can take and what he can't. \"After all, you're getting better and better at controlling it. Isn't that right? I'll let you go now. She's waiting outside the office to bring you back again. You may not see her a while after today, but perhaps another day, I'm sure. Try not to think about it.\" As Norman left, he glanced out the window. Dark clouds blotted out the sun. \"Storm coming.\" Richman sighed with content. The will to control, and the authority, were his. He was confident in his plan. \"That's right.\"[Chapter 12] Short one this time. Something crazy is going to happen next chapter! I'll put it up soon. This week, please review, and in your reviews tell me how you think it's going to end. \"Electroshock isn't so bad,\" Norman would say quietly one night as he faced the wall, imagining Margaret was there. He didn't do it in madness, but in seeking company he knew would not arrive. His body ached. Every day his head was getting worse. \"I know you can't hear me, but I figure talking to you like this when you're not here isn't crazy if it's keeping me sane.\" The man across the hall laughed. \"When you used to visit, I knew you didn't just come to see me because you had to. I mean, you did, but you wanted to see me too. Didn't you?\" He sighed, and the laughing grew louder. \"I think you did. Help me out here, come down here and if you won't talk to me, you could get this guy to stop laughing at least.\" Some days all was distorted. Walls caved in. The ceiling dripped with blood. But when he closed his eyes and spoke with her, it was if his mind was something he had control of. The longer he was apart from her, the more he understood. \"I know you'll be here sometime. All there's left to do is wait.\" And she was there, somewhere, corridors away, through layers of empty space and plaster walls. Somehow he was on her mind. You really love him, Richman had said. You really love him. His mocking tone, his hidden cruel smile cut her deeply, straight to her core. She shuddered. To speak the word love in a place like this. Of course that wasn't it. It couldn't be. Not in the way Richman meant. Richman, and what she had agreed to for Richman. What was she thinking? When she was younger, three years younger, he had courted her uneasily, and she had trusted him. As he got closer to her she pushed him away, and she refused his proposal. But why was she now to throw her life away for the benefit of a man she barely knew, a criminal? Or a sinner. Just like us all. She knew there was no solace in sin. He hadn't been seeking solace. He hadn't been seeking anything. He had another's guilt on his shoulders, and nothing pure, nothing of his own. She thought she would come to visit one night but every night she feared Richman would see her. Margaret's face flooded with red heat, thinking of Richman. Then she thought of another face, and her expression softened. Through the door she could hear the humming of a machine. Someone inside gave a sharp cry. There was the familiar rumble of a calming voice, repeating something, and then the humming grew louder and higher. A man was whimpering like an animal. She knew who it was. \"I don't think you'd give up on me. It's not like you,\" Norman said in his room. His frame, once strong, was thinner than it even had been. His face was gaunt, and his haunting dark eyes stared blankly at the man across the hall. Margaret's voice was creeping into his mind. You have to fight her, Norman. And then his mother: Don't you dare, you little bitch! He belongs to me! Eyes wide, Norman stood, and in falling back he tumbled over the bench and crumpled to the floor, shaking. He began to sob. The man across the hall laughed and laughed. It was nearing midnight now. A night guard walked down the hall. Crawling, Norman dragged himself to his feet to peer between the bars of his door, and begged, \"Please ask him to stop!\" \"Right,\" the guard said impatiently. \"Ask who?\" \"The man across the hall.\" \"There's no one across the hall,\" the guard said. \"There hasn't been since we moved you here.\" Norman's heart sank, and through his door he saw the man grin.[Chapter 13] It must have been the witching-time of night, the time when all are asleep, when the door to the cell creaked quietly open. All was dark, but for the moonbeams that reached through the thin window high above Norman's head. He was sitting on the bench, awake with a bursting headache. Every muscle in his body was on fire. A crack of light reached across the room as the door silently opened. He didn't look. \"Turn around,\" he heard a soft voice say. It was her. He turned around, and turning back again to hide his face from her, smiled to himself. She wanted to fix him, but he was already broken. \"If you're just a dream, you're a beautiful one.\" His voice was different now, Margaret noticed. It lacked something of the charm she once recognized. It rang hollow and empty against white walls. \"No, Norman, it's me. I had to see you-\" \"But he wouldn't let you. You don't look like yourself. You seem farther away from me than you ever have. Did you know that?\" It wasn't a question. He knew. \"Dr. Richman—\" \"I don't care about Richman anyway.\" Norman's hot gaze was fixed on the wall as Margaret stood still and silent behind him. He heightened his voice feverishly. \"He isn't good for you. Look at what he's done. He's sucking the life out of you.\" It was true. His power over her had taken the roses from her cheeks. Gone was the vivacious smile, the burst of light. Her hair no longer shone brilliantly. Nothing about her did. With a thin sigh, everything about him shifted. Something dark inside him came alive. \"Let's not talk about him,\" he said, growling at the back of his throat. It reminded Margaret of her promise to him about his mother from what seemed so long ago. \"I've waited to see you.\" Margaret's heart swelled in her chest as a lump settled in her throat. \"I can't be here. I wanted to make sure you were okay. And you are. I need to go.\" She took a step toward the door and found that he had leapt in her path, blocking the exit. There was wildfire in his eyes. \"Don't think I don't know what's happened. You belong to him now. You lied to me. You're his whore, aren't you? When I close my eyes I hear him whisper to you. I watch him kiss you.\" Norman shuddered and fell forward, catching himself on her shoulder. For a moment, he glanced around unsurely, then stumbled away from her in disgust of himself, suddenly realizing what had happened, remembering what he had done all those years ago to his mother and the man she said she loved. He braced himself against her, his hands on her shoulders. \"Norman…\" She reached up to touch his face, filled with fear and pity. \"It wasn't her,\" he whispered. \"It was me. I'm losing so much of myself. I—I'm terrified. At the same time...\" Margaret's hand slid down to the base of Norman's neck. He moved as if to pull away, but stopped, and took the hand which hung down by her side. \"I was afraid I'd hurt you,\" he continued, his voice low and earnest. \"But as scared as I am that something terrible is going to happen, you make me stronger. I don't think she can touch you.\" \"You're talking very strangely,\" Margaret quietly replied, remembering her training. It was slipping away from her; every word she had carefully memorized in hours spent studying a manual. She wasn't supposed to trust him or anyone like him. But facts upon facts had left no room for her compassion, and taking a step closer to him would be taking a step closer to the door. \"I didn't need to talk to you to know it,\" Norman said. Her hand was on his chest. \"I didn't need to say a word.\" Slowly, Norman leaned forward and kissed her on the lips. She was shocked for a moment. Her eyes closed, and she found she was kissing him too. She knew what he had done, and at the same time that he hadn't done it. She knew how dangerous it was to be with him and what the kiss meant. She knew what he had done to the other girls, but in that moment, she glowed like a white flame. After a moment, Norman stepped back again. Over his shoulder, she glimpsed a shadow through the small window in the door. Someone had seen them. Margaret slapped Norman across the face. Wordlessly, she left the room. He didn't realize it was for his sake and for hers. He raised a hand to his cheek, wounded. The scarlet handprint on his cheek stung like coals in hell.[Chapter 14] Numb, Norman stood statue-still. His blood was ice. He lived it again and again in his head. Her lips on his as he held her against him. Her eyes filled with fear. The bite of her palm on his face, and the burning, and the sway of her body as she brushed past him. The click of the door. She was gone. She was gone. In the hall, the long tall shadow caught her by the wrist and pinned her against the wall. Before she cried out, his hand was on her mouth; his knee dug into her thigh. She turned her shoulders to shake him, but he held fast, his face flushed and eyes alight. \"What the hell happened in there!\" She tried to pull away, but the doctor grabbed her by her chin, slammed her head against the wall. Norman was feet away and he couldn't see them. She wanted to call out his name, wanted to pull away, but Richman was strong. He laughed coldly, emptily. \"You've played me like a fool. Let's see what happens when you try it again, you little bitch! You are not to see him, you are not to speak his name again or I'll slit his throat from ear to ear and dress it up like suicide. It won't be the first time!\" His hands moved to her throat. Breathless, her vision swimming, Margaret's eyes brimmed with tears as she beat her attacker's chest with her fists. Her stomach pitched, her heart pounding deafeningly in her ears. It seemed it was all she could hear as the large hands tightened around her neck. Margaret had once seen the body of a patient strangled by another patient. His larynx was crushed, Richman had said. Was this what that was? She couldn't breathe. She thought her lungs would burst. A hummingbird's heart beats over 1,260 times a minute, she remembered. Wasn't that funny? I can't breathe, she thought. It's all too fast! Everything faded. She thought it sounded like Richman's breathing was in a tunnel, getting farther and farther away from her. Could she die here? If she didn't act, she would lose consciousness. There was no other solution. With a sudden flash of vitality, she stomped on his foot and dashed across the hall, where she leaned panting with her hands at her throat. Richman gritted his teeth from the pain. \"If you leave,\" he snarled, \"I can guarantee you I'll make this place a hell for him. But you belong to me if you stay.\" In a stupor, Norman saw her. She looked to him a girl who would never stand down. She had nearly caught her breath when her eyes flickered to his door and met his. Richman stepped from the shadows and into the light, revealing himself outside of Norman's blind spot. Regardless of what he had missed, it was clear to him that a choice was to be made. \"Leave,\" Norman said, his voice barely breaking a whisper. \"It's okay. Go.\" Full of sorrow, Margaret's face overflowed with compassion as she reached toward the gap in the barred window. \"You heard the young man,\" Richman barked. \"Get out.\" \"I'm calling the police. They'll be here in less than an hour.\" \"To do what? To take away the man who they put behind bars in the finest moments of their careers? We both know that won't work. The hate in the world is something too great to measure in anything but years, and every ounce of it will rot here the way the court of law said it would.\" \"Hate exists only in men like you.\" \"Get out of here,\" he snapped, teeth glistening like the fangs of wild dogs. \"Now!\" And when he had left Norman in darkness and despair to lay awake that night, an unfamiliar voice rasped in every corner of the cell. You are going to die. There wasn't a question. \"I'm already dead.\" You are going to die. \"When.\" Next year. \"Next year.\" Norman shook his head, trembling. He was nothing now, a man completely alone without a soul to speak to, a body with no spirit inside. A birthday candle burned down to the wick. He remembered birthday candles, and how he felt when his wishes never came true. Empty. He watched the smoke rise, silver pillars in the dark, and thought of his lost chance for redemption. No one else would listen to him now. Even now to bear the thought of losing her was killing him. His mind would tear in two, and gone would be the child who had hoped for so much. To stop fighting was never an option. He had been fighting all his life and he didn't know how to stop. But without the love of an angel, he would be powerless to stop the demons that destroyed him. \"N-next year? No.\" He swallowed hard. \"I'm not sure I'll make it that long.\"[Chapter 15] Author's Note: My computer broke and it took me a while to replace it. Been thinking of you lovelies all the while. Here you go! Please review. You are going to die, the voice again warned him. It would be best to turn over now and let his subconscious grip him, let every dark urge and impulse lurking inside him take control. But would it? After all, if he were able to keep his own voice above the others, where might it lead? The only chance he had of seeing her again was to keep himself intact. Damn the other forces pressing against him, and damn that Dr. Richman! If Miss Serling—if Margaret were here—he knew he would continue to improve. Of course , he thought to himself as he stretched out on his cot, as long as she's alive there will be something worth living for. Norman tossed and turned in the summer heat as the night wore on. His thoughts ran clockwise in his head, a vicious cycle. Only she could calm his thoughts. She was the anchor that held him to earth, the link between them as thin and precious as a spider's gossamer thread. At the same time, to love her as he wanted to would destroy her. The less he saw her, the easier it became to lose himself. Rain poured outside, drumming on the thick tin roof. A flash of lighting illuminated the cell like a shockwave to the brain. Memories of recent weeks flooded Norman's mind, of his own voice others crying out in torment as electricity ripped through his nerve endings and shook him to the core. One session had left half of his body paralyzed for nearly a week. Beads of sweat rolled down his tortured brow. But suddenly he realized that Margaret was not the only woman of his concern. Mother! His voice rang out in a cold nightmare of a memory, his fear fresh as the day he yelled it— oh God, mother, blood—blood— And there she was again! Plain in his mind as if she were standing in front of him, not speaking but standing and staring, her presence as strong as it had been when she was alive. Maybe, then, the key to conquering himself was not in the woman he loved. Maybe the key lay within the woman who had destroyed his life the way he destroyed hers. If only he could bring himself to find a way to break the pattern. If only he could remember the beginning… if he knew when the nightmare started, he could trace his steps and end it... after all, a man was the master of his own destiny, was he not? Though that was exactly the type of thing that mother didn't like to hear. Who's some voice in my head to tell me when I'm going to die? What I need is help. But where to get it now is a more difficult question… And Richman thought about the girl, too, about her fine figure, her curves, the way she smiled with her lips parted. The way she might have looked standing at his bedside, white nightgown slit up the thigh, eyes downcast, perfect lashes dark against her rosy cheek… A younger doctor knocked quickly twice and swung the office door open, poking his head in. \"Dr. Richman, your presentation should be starting any second now. It's not like you to be late. In fact, we all expected you to show up early. Are you alright?\" He cleared his throat, unperturbed. \"Yes, I'm fine. Be there in a moment.\" When he strolled into the conference room and laid his briefcase on the table, no man suspected him of what he was, of what he knew himself to be. \"Psychopathy. Psychopathic behavior, gentlemen. Yes, sorry I'm late. I was doing a last round of research for you. Psychopathy. Characterized by antisocial behavior, by little to no empathy or remorse and by disinhibited behavior—this series of impulses may be, of course, demonstrated through an excessive appetite or a lust for anything. A wild temper, uncontrollable greed, an aggressive sexual nature, none of which cause any second thought for the psychopath in question.\" One heart pounded in agony in a chest rising and falling sharply, swimming in guilt and pain— though he never knew how roughly another had spoken to the women he cared for, how he had pinned her against a wall, wrapped his hands around her neck and squeezed— \"I decided to present this seminar to you because after careful evaluation, I have determined that Norman Bates is undoubtedly one such psychopath, as many of you may have suspected.\" A ripple of shock and hushed discussion passed through the room. \"Now, listen to me, gentlemen. Listen. A patient like this could be a threat to all of us, and so a doctor in the presence of such a patient must abide by a series of careful rules. No sympathy must be given. It does require sympathy. It does not require eye contact. If one were to make eye contact with said patient, it may discern certain insight which may endanger you and your colleagues. Said patient is not to be addressed directly. Said patient is not to be reasoned with. Reasoning with said patient may endanger you and your colleagues. A rigid staff schedule will be instituted, effective immediately at the beginning of next week. Said patient will be supervised twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week. We only wish to ensure the safety of the staff and of the public, after all.\" Frustrated, a thin grey-haired man called up from the back, \"Doctor Richman, with all due respect, if you believe that we can't reasonably handle Bates in these facilities I suggest you move to transfer him to a prison.\" The corner of Richman's mouth turned up slightly. \"The new schedule is only temporary. If you had allowed me to continue, you would have learned that I plan to begin a new and rigorous treatment, a second phase of electroshock therapy. \" \"More electroshock? You don't think that will be dangerous?\" An ash-blonde, watery-eyed attendant swallowed nervously as all eyes turned on him. He shifted in his seat. \"Just because of who he is, you see, since his brain isn't wired like most of the guys we have in here.\" \"Don't you trust my judgment, Stafford?\" A bead of sweat began to form at his temple. \"O-of course I do, Dr. Richman. You know I do. I'm only raising a question on account of his violent nature. The process is still experimental.\" \"And when you get your doctorate, you and I can have a nice chat about it.\" The room filled with stifled snickers as, embarrassed, the man they called Stafford slumped in defeat. You're going to die, the voice echoed. \"You told me that,\" Norman said. You're going to die. \"How?\" You remember Marion Crane. Her name was a blow to his heart. \"Yes, of course I do. She was very kind to me. I don't see how—\" She had a fiancé. \"I had forgotten.\" Sam… Loomis. Norman's mouth was suddenly dry. He felt a chill at the back of his neck. \"He came to see—I mean, he saw me. He found me—found us— \" In a matter of days, Sam Loomis will have a nervous breakdown and attempt to murder his wife. In a year, they will send him here. You will be sitting in the courtyard when he approaches you and stabs you eight times in the back with a knife from the kitchen. You will be taken to the hospital, and after three hours you will die. No one will mourn you. His heart jumped in his throat. \"Not Margaret?\" Margaret will be dead too. \"Dead?!\" He cried. \"How?\" Margaret will die in a fire. \"This can't be happening!\" His pulse began to throb in his ears. \"I can't help her now, can I? She's gone now. At least I knew she was safe before! She really could be dead for all I know. But what she did to me!\" Norman let his fingers wander back to his cheek. \"And she can't help me…\" Short, ragged breaths swelled into sobbing. Norman buried his face in the crook of his elbow as he lowered himself to the floor, catching his breath raggedly. When he sat up and fan his fingers through his hair, he experienced a burst of clarity. What was it that it said? That poem in the book mother took away from me? \"'I am the master of my own fate,'\" he breathed aloud. \"I'm not dead. She's not dead. Everything's going to be fine.\" As they led him in bonds to the private room, she sat up from the book she was reading and thought of him.[Chapter 16] Norman was sweating. He couldn't remember how he got here—where was \"here\", anyway? How long had it been since he was here before, or the private room with the wires and cables? The high ceilings became warped as the room began to spin… \"I'm going to black out,\" he slurred, leaning nauseously against the cool wallpaper. He sank to one knee and then the other, vision reeling. Across the room he saw a blurred figure standing behind a desk. Yes, he was in the doctor's office! He was in the middle of a conversation with the doctor. But what was his name? Of course—\"Ri—Doctor Richman,\" he panted, wiping the dripping perspiration from his brow. \"Please help me.\" Unmoved by his patient's pleas, Richman coldly placed his hands on his desk and leaned forward. \"Haven't you been listening? I'm doubling your new medication. And you'll be visiting your electroshock therapy sessions twice as often.\" \"What's happening? I don't understand—did you drug me?\" Richman shrugged dryly. \"I simply changed your medication. It should lower your levels of aggression and heighten your suggestibility for better conditioning. I deemed it the best choice for you, despite a few… side effects.\" He picked up the phone on his desk and dialed. \"Gentlemen? Yes, I think we should begin another round immediately.\" There was a pause. \"Well, now, if it were possible.\" Norman slumped against the wall, heart thudding. \"Thank you.\" The doctor replaced the phone on its receiver. \"They're coming to get you now. Stand up.\" \"I want to talk to Margaret,\" Norman mumbled. \"What was that?\" \"I want to talk to Margaret.\" When Norman raised his eyes, it was not a look of defeat or despair but one of betrayed exhaustion which met Richman's contempt. \"I know what you're doing to me. You're torturing me. Keep at it. Who knows? Someday you may be planning to kill me. You can try that too, if nobody else gets to me first. But what you're really trying to do? It won't work.\" He smiled. \"And what do you suppose I'm really trying to do?\" \"You're trying to break me. You're trying to take everything she gave me out of me. It won't work.\" \"One might suppose that any man under pressure will crack eventually,\" Richman suggested in a strained voice. Norman's eyes brimmed with defiance. \"One might.\" \"It's been nearly a year now since she abandoned you. Give in. It's useless.\" \"Not until I see her again.\" Two men entered the room. Each took Norman by an arm and lifted him to his feet, fastening him in handcuffs and beginning to lead him away. \"Wait,\" he said, his voice a near-whisper. \"Would you please let go of me and let me walk beside you?\" Stafford looked at his grey-haired colleague and nodded. Flanked by the sympathetic guards, Norman walked down the poorly lit corridor to the dark bend in the hallway.[Chapter 17] The second of two brief chapters this week. Please review! Two women sat at a modest oak dining table adorned brightly with a white lace tablecloth, a small blue tea set sitting between them. \"One more year and you'll have it, right?\" A tall, thin redhead reached across the table to grasp the handle of the teapot, after which she poured a splash of hot water into her cup and replaced it. \"What?\" Distracted, the young nurse glanced at her friend across the table. \"Your PhD, Margaret, in psychology.\" \"Sorry, Janet. Yes,\" she answered, running her fingers through her hair and looking out the window forlornly. \"Do you think it's going to rain?\" \"I don't know. You know I'm from Cambridge. It rains a lot more there than it does here.\" There was a long pause. \"Is something wrong?\" Janet smiled sympathetically and leaned across the table to touch Margaret's elbow. \"You know you can tell me anything.\" Margaret returned a half-hearted smirk. \"I had a bad dream last night. About when I stopped working at the mental hospital.\" Nodding, Janet stood and walked to the couch, where she flopped down and looked at Margaret attentively. Margaret rose and sat beside her friend. \"I've never told anyone this before,\" she began. \"But I left my job because… because the head of the hospital, Dr. Richman, made an attempt to… to assault me.\" Janet put her arm around her friend, hugging her closer. \"I went to the police,\" Margaret continued, \"but they told me I should be flattered that such a successful and well-respected man would make advances toward me. As if I were the one who was being unreasonable.\" \"I'm so sorry that happened to you,\" Janet stuttered after a moment of stunned silence. \"That's only the root of the problem,\" Margaret sighed. \"I tried to notify different departments, different boards that the man is corrupt, but nobody listened to me. And then I had this dream.\" She took a deep breath and pressed her forehead to her palm, as if trying to make sense of a puzzle. \"And in this dream, there was a man—he was a patient there who I used to talk to. I was the only one he used to talk to. And in this dream, he was dying. I had reason to believe when I left that he would be treated poorly after I was gone due to my relationship with him.\" Eyes downcast, she nervously tugged at her shirt collar. \"I think I hurt him by leaving. And I tried to do what I could to get Richman removed from his position, but after it all, there was nothing I could do. Sometimes I just feel like all of it—everything about it—was beyond my control.\" A dull ache inside her chest made her feel sick as her heart skipped a beat. The guard killed, her lips tainted by a sacrifice for a promise. Beyond her control. The things he said of himself, his broken childhood! Beyond her control. Every word said, gentle touch, stolen kiss. And there was nothing she could do to ease his pain. \"I've been thinking I might take a train out there next weekend. To see what's changed.\" \"I could drive you out,\" Janet offered. \"So you don't have to go alone. But you can if you need to.\" \"I would love the company.\" Margaret's shoulders relaxed slightly as she shyly smiled at her friend. \"Thank you.\" A jolt of electric current ripped through Norman's skull and raced down his spine. He shuddered and gripped the arms of the chair he was bound to as he struggled to maintain consciousness, his life itself flickering like a dying streetlamp. No memory prevailed but his pain, and the sensation of a hot red mark on his cheek where she had slapped him.[Chapter 18] Three years ago this week, I started this story. Now we're mere chapters away from the finish. Thank you all for your continued support, and please review- the end is nigh! Norman cried out in pain as he buckled in his restraints, electricity gripping him to the core. \"I'm awake—I'm not supposed to be awake!\" \" A man should have a hobby.\" She had called herself Marie Samuels. He remembered her face, so trusting, so haunted and kind. \" It's more than a hobby... sometimes...a hobby is supposed to pass the time, not fill it.\" He was outside of himself now, looking in on his life. He had never realized how desperate he looked before, how worn and pale he was. \" Is your time so empty?\" An old and dreaded voice pressed at the back of his brain, shrieking with familiar disdain. Look what you've done now, boy! I'm burning. I'm burning. Darkness began to creep into Norman's vision. He felt a shadow closing over his consciousness, unable to determine whether the tightness in his lungs was being caused by fear or asphyxiation. I can't breathe! \"Mother,\" Norman choked, then cringed in shock at himself for asking her for help. As if she could do anything. As if she'd ever helped him a day in his life! He had cared for her. He had protected her and treasured her. She never repaid him an ounce of his love. I'll teach you to think such things of me! You ungrateful bastard! A sensation like lightning seized his body. Burning. The only coolness Norman felt lay in the soft, pale inside of his wrist, marked with scars from when Mother hurt him. That night, when the kind young woman closed the door. What was her name? Her name. Her name. Richman leaned against the wall, watching, waiting. Norman convulsed in agony. Margaret! \" You know what I think? I think we're all in our private traps, clamped in them, and none of us can ever climb out. We scratch and claw... but only at the air, only at each other, and for all of it, we never budge an inch.\" \" Sometimes we deliberately step into those traps.\" \" I was born in mine. I don't mind it anymore.\" \" You should... mind it.\" \" Oh, I do, but I say I don't.\" Norman heard faintly two troubled voices under the noise, two men who had sympathized with him. Allies! \" If anyone ever spoke to me, the way I heard... The way she spoke to you, I don't think I could ever laugh again.\" \" Sometimes when she talks that way to me I'd like to... curse her out and leave her forever! Or at least, defy her.\" The young blonde pounded on the door. \"Doctor Richman, open up!\" \"Richman, this isn't electroshock!\" shouted the grey-haired doctor, pounding on the door. \"You're electrocuting the patient!\" Why don't you go away? To a private island, like you? No, not like me. It's too late for me. And besides... who'd look after her? She'd be alone up there, the fire would go out... damp and cold, like a grave. When you love someone, you don't do that to them, even if you hate them. All at once, there was no color, no air- Oh God, I'm dying! Wouldn't it be better if you put her in... someplace… And where was she now? Where was she then? He couldn't picture the grey hair, the scowling face, but he could feel them burning, just like everything else— Have you ever seen one of those places? Inside? Laughing and tears and cruel eyes studying you... There was an instant of total blackness, a frame of light, then dark. Norman remembered each tortured corner of his childhood. Remembered something he had forgotten… Laughing and tears and cruel eyes studying you. The first time—an institution, white walls… Laughing and tears and cruel eyes studying you. He couldn't have been older than twelve years old. Cruel eyes… Cruel eyes studying you. Studying you. His mind screamed out silently: God help me—God, help me! Through his blindness came a muffled, \"Jesus Christ! Someone shut it off!\" All was white, and then a blur of colors followed by voices, as if at the end of a tunnel. It all went cold as the trembling stopped. After a moment, his body was a dull ache punctuated with stabbing pain. His temples were bleeding, that he was sure of, and his throat swollen. His hair, his chest and back were soaked with sweat, and he was bleeding at the wrists where the metal cuffs had bound him. \"Oh my God. You nearly killed him!\" Urgent hands lifted him from his restraints. His skin felt like hell to the touch. Everything was tender; Norman was dizzy with pain. \"Norman, can you hear me? Norman, hello?\" It isn't as if she were a maniac, a raving thing... Norman blinked weakly, slow-moving images coming into soft focus. He opened his mouth to speak but only a quiet groan escaped. it's just that... sometimes she goes a little mad. To strain his vision was an effort too great, and Norman's eyes rolled back into his head as he lapsed into unconsciousness. We all go a little mad sometimes. Haven't you? [Late that night in the infirmary, the lights were out. \"I'm trying to get Richman's license suspended,\" Norman heard Stafford whisper to a colleague as they stood over his broken body. \"It'll take a couple days, and not a day too soon! He's gone completely insane. He said that once Bates can stand on his feet again he's going to give him a lobotomy.\" \"A lobotomy! More like an excuse to crack Bates's head open and smash his brains out with an ice pick.\" \"Dr. Leslie and I are doing what we can to stop it, but we can't delay it forever.\" If only I could speak to her again, Norman thought feverishly. Wouldn't that be wonderful?][Chapter 19] As the story begins to draw to a close, please be sure to tell me in the review section what you thought of this week's chapter! Thank you for your continued support and patience. \"Come along, Mr. Bates, sir. That's it, now. Easy does it.\" Stafford's falsely cheery voice rang hollow in the empty hall. The young man's arm was under Norman's arm, guiding him in case in his weakness he missed a step and fell. It reminded Norman of the final scene of Hawthorne's Scarlet Letter, he the dying minister who climbed the scaffold in his final moments to confess his great sin. Come hither now, and twine thy strength about me! But where was the letter herself? \"I don't know how much longer I can do this,\" he sighed, and stopped, tilting, losing the power which enabled him to stand. Stafford leaned against his weight with steady hands, easing Norman to the floor. \"It's alright, now, we're almost there. You know, Norman, it's all right,\" he added with a nervous smile. \"Everything is going to be… all right…\" \"I—I can—\" Norman cut his sentence short, closing his eyes tightly and, with great effort, he brought his hand slowly to his spinning head. \"I can barely speak,\" Norman whispered. He paused to draw a slow breath and realized that it was difficult to breathe, then wondered whether this meant that he would stop breathing all together sooner rather than later. \"I need to… to speak with—Dr. Richman.\" He coughed. He could feel his insides shudder. From the tips of his fingers to his heart, the nerves were going cold, freezing, but his face burned. The left side of his body was going numb. \"Will you—will you bring Dr. Richman… please...\" Stafford stood abruptly, baffled but cooperative. \"Sure, Norman. I'll get Dr. Richman. Just stay awake, okay?\" He meant to nod, but when he dropped his head to his chest he was unable to pick it up again. The attendant understood, and he bounded down the hallway with great urgency. Of course, Norman understood that Richman was the cause of his pain and did not expect the doctor to ease it. Instead, with his final breath he would explain his love for Margaret and show the furious doctor that he had not been corrupted. Had he? Had he? No—Mother was to blame, for his ailments, for his curses, for his disease and his pain. Mother was the reason, and she would die with him when the fighting ended and his red vision rolled over blue. The light would grow cold and she would be no more, and with every ounce of his heart Norman wished for a brighter light. Heaven? Yes, or a second chance. Or Margaret, the brightest light he knew. She drove along the road, the asphalt like a black ribbon against the bleak Arizona soil, even now on the route she once drove to work every morning. The clouds were plenty and grey, a rare occasion, an ashy smear against the velvet night sky. The messenger returned, a disturbed and seething expression on his brow. Agitated for the first time in Norman's memory, Stafford attempted to maintain a calm composure, but failed, anger beneath his gentle tones. \"Dr. Richman has requested that you visit him in his office. I persisted, and explained your condition, but—\" Norman looked up at him, his brown eyes cold, no effort left for feeling. A great struggle ensued as the only man who had ever acknowledged him as an equal pulled him to his feet. Norman smiled gratefully, and without words the journey down the corridor began. It was easier now to stand. The weight on his shoulders lifted, strong words in his heart, but when the cold door banged shut and Stafford was sent away, how the desire to live returned! How the longing in his chest for a chance at sunlight increased as it never had, and his poor heart slammed and slammed against his ribcage. \"You wanted to see me. You must have heard.\" No time was wasted, no effort expended on formalities or dishonest kindnesses. The façade was gone, and the once-handsome face, once eager to find a solution, once fascinated by his patients, once too many times heartbroken, rejected and enraged, had become the twisted scowl of a monster. \"I…\" Norman attempted. Suddenly, a wave of heat swept over him, consuming his muscles with white-hot pain, as if that which he perceived as a lightning bolt which he endured was still in him. \"I'm burning…\" Mental illness may manifest itself in a fever. \"Is that what you wanted to tell me?\" Again, the distorted grin spread from ear to ear with the thought that he had finally ended the too-long battle with the man more frail/the spirit stronger. He leaned closer. Richman sat behind his desk, Norman too close at the desk's edge, inches away from the face of his betrayer. \"You were supposed to help me,\" Norman found himself saying, suddenly unaware of his own speech. \"You were my doctor. You were supposed to heal me, not kill me!\" \"I was never your doctor. A doctor tends the sick. You are depraved. Weak, and dying, and it was never me at all! All along, it was you. You've been killing yourself, day to day, with no effort to repent, no effort to recover! The system is flawed, Norman, but you can't rely on us to help. It's not about healing. It's about tucking you away somewhere you think you're safe so you'll never see the light of day again. I was never meant to save you,\" he scoffed, rising from his chair. \"I was meant to watch you, to assure you felt at home here so you would never try to leave. They say the system is healing, but I don't think anyone really believes it. Maybe that bitch of yours.\" Passion broke the floodgate in Norman's mind. His defense crumbled, his vision blackened. She—his greater half—leapt from the chair to seize Richman by the throat. With a great thrust of her arm, she smashed the doctor's head on the corner of his great metal desk, and again, and again. Blood splattered the carpet, the wall, the papers, onto the desk and the dead man's shoes, and stained the hands of the innocent son, who in an instant stood where she had been, frozen with terror and overwhelming grief. The life in her veins was better, stronger, and again he was well, as if hidden within her was a regenerative quality which forced him to live with what he had done. His heart longed to surrender to those who would chain and bind him, bring him someplace worse where death was certain, but how she threatened to overtake him! Mother pressing at his mind, Norman wept for half a moment, then laughed, and wanted to scream, wanted to be sick but thought the effort involved would kill him, cried out in agony and was nearly sick, then leapt out the first-story window in flight. There was only one story, true, for the safety of the patients, but if Norman could have ended her horror he would have. Unsure of what to do, he looked into the distance, and froze. There, so close, was the familiar crest of a hill, the tall head of a structure now in shambles. This very asylum was not ten minutes from his home! From his room, from the window or the courtyard, he never knew! He made a mad dash for the summit, for now the only way to destroy her was to destroy it, all of it! The Bates Motel![Chapter 20] Margaret parked her car at the edge of the lot, heart in her throat, and ran across the lot to the door. Something was wrong, she knew it was. It had to be. The air was still, the night tense as the stiff desert winds tousled her hair and pulled her along. Halfway across the lot, she saw through the storm's sands obscuring her vision the figure of a young man with baffled shoulders, the orderly who she had come to trust. \"Stafford!\" She called, shielding her eyes with the back of her hand and pulling the shawl she wore tighter around her shoulders, her feet gripping the ground to brace her against the storm. \"Stafford!\" \"It's me!\" He yelled, hastening toward her against the current of the air. They met each other in the middle of the lot, so small inside the roaring, swirling winds. \"Margaret! What are you doing here?\" \"I had to come. I knew something was wrong—\" \"It's Norman.\" Margaret's heart dropped into her stomach. Her mind filled with grisly images, her worst fear realized. Norman dead! His thin hand lying open on the floor—that innocent blood spilled by his own hand, or by Richman— his dark eyelashes against his white and waxy cheek, sweat on his brow, the breath gone from his body— God's mercy too late to save a man who never proved the chance to be better than he was—she grew faint, her voice barely above a whisper. \"How?\" \"He bashed Richman's head in. I think he ran. I'm the one who found the body… there was so much blood… oh God, it was horrible!\" Stafford, his face drained of its color, grabbed Margaret by her arms and buried his face in her shoulder, stifling a sob. She touched his arm gently, stepping back after a moment. Stafford wiped his nose. \"Gee, I'm sorry—\" \"Where is he?\" \"We called the police. They'll be here any minute—\" \"Where's Norman?\" Stafford's face went pale again. He began to stammer. \"I—I don't know, I—I didn't see, no one did.\" \"Where do you think he went?\" \"Your guess is as good as mine. You know him better than anyone.\" \"Wait—look!\" Margaret's eyes were wide as she stared past Stafford, over his head to the silhouette of a structure on a hill obscured by the sand blowing through the air. After a moment, it became clear: off in the distance, black smoke rose into the sky, its dark image remaining for only an instant before the desert winds tore it away. \"He's burning it!\" \"The motel?\" \"I'm going!\" Margaret dashed toward her car, dirt in her eyes and her mouth. Her shawl came loose from her shoulders and blew across the parking lot. \"Margaret, don't!\" Stafford yelled. \"Wait for the cops to get here!\" \"Tell them!\" She yelled as she jumped into the driver's seat and slammed the door. She could hear nothing in the car but the winds outside and the pounding of her heart, the hastening of her breath. Tears welled up in her eyes as she wound up the long road, every tender hope she had held in secret bursting in her chest, making it impossible to breathe. The thought of Norman well again, and with her to thank for it. Norman standing on two confident feet—Norman's head on the pillow beside hers—Norman the father of her children—her cheeks burned. What a stupid thing to hope! She could see little around her as she stopped the car and practically leapt from it at the hill's summit, running up the stairs and nearly tripping. She heard nothing but the frantic beats of her heart, felt nothing but the earth beneath her feet. \"Norman?\" There was no hope he would hear her. The house was in flames, the sky howling. She swung open the door, and at that moment she froze. He was already gone, she knew. He was gone from the moment he met her. But why was she standing here, wasting precious time? She could turn her back and run to the car—or give a chance of a chance hope to prevail— \"Norman!\" Margaret dashed up the stairs, shielding her eyes from the thick black smoke with her arm. Her eyes stung more with every step as she fought her way to the top floor. She coughed, throat burning. \"Norman!\" There was the source of the smoke! It billowed from under a door—the house had once been so ornate, she could smell that now, burning lacquer and silk—and therein she heard a weak noise beneath the crackling and the mansion's crumbling frame, a man's near-silent laughter. Rushing toward the door, Margaret feared for the worst. Now that she had found him, what would she do? If he was burned, if he could not walk, she wouldn't be able to carry him. And if her nightmare was confirmed? She shuddered, somehow feeling a chill—and placed her hand on the hot doorknob, too close to the blistering wood—and turned it. Her eyes were relieved and terrified at a shocking scene, Norman kneeling on the floor as if to say his prayers by his mother's burning bed. He was calm and pale, his shirt soaked with sweat, his face relaxed, at ease. He looked eight years younger. \"Norman!\" His face seared with rage. \"No more!\" \"But Norman—\" \"You're gone! You can't touch me anymore!\" He squinted and leaned forward, then seemed that he would jump out of his own skin in terror. \"Margaret! I thought— I killed her. She's gone. She can't hurt you. Now get out of here!\" \"I saw the smoke,\" Margaret said quietly, feeling a little faint with another cough. \"I came to get you—just wanted you to be safe—\" She swayed a bit, dizziness clouding her mind. \"I am safe,\" Norman assured her, rushing to her side. She leaned on him, her hand on his chest. \"Nothing bad can happen to you now. Not because of me. I won't hurt anyone ever again.\" \"You never hurt anyone,\" Margaret said, her voice strengthening. \"I can't let you die like this!\" \"I have to stay,\" Norman pleaded. \"When this place is gone, and me with it, you'll be safe.\" \"There are other ways, Norman. Come with me!\" Near sobbing, but without enough air in his lungs to protest, Norman breathed, \"I can't.\" \"I love you!\" Margaret thought her heart would tear away from her chest and throw itself heaving onto the floor. \"Things can change, if you want them to. You can make them. Please.\" Norman pulled Margaret into his arms in a desperate embrace. \"Alright, kid,\" he said, tears streaming down his face. He kissed the top of her head. \"I'll go with you.\" The old house groaned and shook. Side by side, they ran toward the door. The rafters were breaking. A giant beam creaked. The world slowed to a crawling pace. Norman saw Margaret standing below it, imagined her crushed under its weight, the only love in his life killed senselessly by one moment's disaster. He remembered every voice he had ever heard, every warning. Every wasted moment, every lying kiss. Margaret would die in a fire, the voice said. But here he was, and with all of his will, nothing would harm her as long as he was living. And he was meant to be killed by Sam Loomis? No. The choice was his to follow a nobler path. Things can change, if you want them to. You can make them. And so he changed it. Norman lunged forward, pushing Margaret to the side as the rafters crashed down around them. The gaping hole in the ceiling let the howling wind in, deafening, muffling Margaret's terrified scream. Norman lay still, burned and bleeding. A beam had fallen across his chest.[Chapter 21] She knelt by his side, he face chalk-white despite the thin layer of ash now coating her face. \"Norman! Norman, can you hear me?\" In vain, Margaret tried to pry the giant plank off of her wounded friend. She began to weep helplessly, resting her head on top of his. A moment passed, the air still smoldering. He stirred, and lifted his eyes to find her cheek pressed against his. \"Margaret—get—out,\" he murmured, his breath sharp and his words slurred. Her eyes brightened and she leapt to her feet. \"Norman, stay calm. I want you to try to move. It's going to hurt, but I need you to try it.\" Norman inhaled deeply and flinched, his brow furrowing at the pain. \"Can you still move your legs?\" \"I—think I—\" Margaret tore a piece of fabric from her sleeve and pressed it over Norman's nose and mouth. He gingerly lifted his arm in understanding and replaced her hand with his. Light-headed and strength draining quickly, Margaret used the last surge of adrenaline in her body to hoist one fallen plank onto another parallel to Norman's in order to construct a lever. She threw the whole of her weight onto the effort arm, shifting the beam just enough for a moment to allow Norman to roll himself over. It crashed down beside him. He groaned, free from the trap. Norman flung one arm around Margaret's shoulder and tried to place weight on his left leg. He yelled in agony. They staggered toward the stairs and managed halfway down the stairs before Margaret tripped, nearly blind with pain, and Norman tumbled to the landing. She ran to his side, and together they limped through the door and stumbled onto the lawn where fresh air could wash over them, both burned and bleeding. Outside, the wind was dying, and a rare coolness settled in the grass. A grey overcast clouded the sky and blotted out the sun, bringing relief to hot skin. Just far away enough for safety from the toppling structure, Norman collapsed into Margaret's arms. There he laid his head in her lap as she caught the much-wanted air in her lungs, listening to him struggle for breath. She touched his cheek where her hand had once stung him and he smiled weakly. She had finally cooled the burning. His eyelids grew heavy with the desire for sleep. \"Stay awake with me. Please,\" Margaret urged. \"I never could have loved you,\" Norman whispered in breathless labored breathing, pain and transcendent relief in every forced word. \"Never could have—given you what you deserve—with only half of me to give—\" Margaret could feel him draining away from himself, fading deeper and deeper into her arms. Her tears left clean streaks on her soot-smudged cheeks. \"Everything is going to be different now. You're going to be alright. You have to be.\" Rain fell, slowly at first, with tiny drops of water falling around them and on them. \"She's—she's gone— it's over now.\" \"That's right, Norman!\" Her voice shook with fear, her shining face imploring him to stay with her. \"It's over. We've won.\" The speed of the growing raindrops quickened as the shower began to crescendo into a downpour. Norman's breath quickened as he attempted to speak. \"Fighting her—I forgot—how whole I felt—before I—\" \"I know.\" He coughed. Margaret noticed blood at the corner of his mouth. \"Look!\" She said, desperately drawing his attention to something that would occupy his mind. \"The fire is dying.\" The rains quenched the fire as black smoke raised a thick column in the air. Norman turned his head to gaze at the ruins. \"I killed my mother,\" Norman whispered. \"Hold me— tighter,\" he gasped. \"I can't… feel your arms anymore…\" Two police cars, two ambulances and a fire engine screamed into the lot. Margaret held Norman to her chest, her face in his shoulder. \"You're going to live,\" she insisted, the tears flowing now as rain fell in sheets around them. Men in uniform rushed out of their vehicles and ran up the steps. Norman was lifted from her grasp and placed on a stretcher as a medic took Margaret's arm and tried to lead her away. \"No!\" she cried, twisting from his grasp. \"I'm going with him!\" No one protested. \"I'm not going to leave you, Norman,\" she vowed as she chased after him, as he was being carried away. His breathing slowed when he looked at her, knowing she was safe, knowing he could rest. \"I know how long you've fought, but if you're willing to fight for just a little longer…!\" Margaret stayed by Norman's side as the darkness came, and she was there in the fluorescent room when, like at the end of nightmare, he awoke.[Chapter 22] 1978. There's a small brick house at the end of a long, winding road in the state of Maine. It sits deep in the woods, shaded by leafy trees and far from the bustle of the city. The residents include a man, his young wife and their infant daughter, the couple weathered by the world but content that the end of their sorrows came to be this way. They cannot say that they only seldom think of the destruction that lay in their pasts, but when they do they remember, and they learn. They have tasted that rewarding fruit of perseverance which is love more precious than life. This story is dedicated to its faithful readers. Thank you all for listening so graciously! Love, Lee ","Summary":" I can't get up. Mother, why can't I get up? Mother, stop it! It's sad, when a mother has to speak t"},{"Movie":"Ghost Rider","Title":"The Born Rider","Author":"TwistedMidnight","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8080802","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Born Rider: Chapter 1 - Bedtime Stories All Rights Belong to the Original Owners My life used to be pretty simple. I was a wild child who stayed out passed her curfew and snuck out of the house when I got grounded. I sound like a normal teenage girl, right? That's what I used to think until about three months ago. I should have seen beforehand my life was going to turn upside down. Even my own mother tried to warn me about what was going to happen. My mom would tell me stories at night, stories that I thought were fake, stories that parents tell their kids to try and get them to eat their vegetables. I never thought those stories were true, that they were early warning signs. Now in the present I forget most of the stories, but there is one I will never forget. My mom said it was real, that it had happened, that if it hadn't occurred, both her and I would not be here. The story happened thirty-seven years ago. The story of \"The Ghost Rider.\" The story goes like this: Once upon a time, there was a young boy who worked with his father at a carnival. The boy had dreams of a future outside of the carnival, a future with the young woman he loved. The young woman's parents had decided to move her to her other family far away. The boy promised to meet the young woman the next day at the tree he had carved their names into and they would run away. Later that day the young man was going through the trash, where he found a note saying that his father was dying of cancer. Soon after he read the note, the young man got his tool box and was getting ready to go take his anger and pain out on fixing the bikes they used in the carnival shows. Before the young man could go outside, his father woke and asked the boy where he was going. The young man replied with a whispered, \"Nowhere dad. Nowhere.\" About five minutes of working on his favorite bike, Grace, that belonged to his father, he felt a chill and let out a cold breath. Then he heard a voice say his name. It was an elderly looking man dressed in black from head to toe with a skull cane. The old man said, \"I saw you ride today. I just wanted to tell you how much I enjoyed watching you ride. Maybe you would ride for me someday.\" Curiosity got to the young man. \"You run a show?\" The old man said. \"The greatest show on earth.\" The young man said as politely as he could, \"No thanks.\" What the old man said next was a shocker. \"What's wrong? Worried about your dad?\" The young man wanted to scream at the old man, but questioned him instead. \"What do you know about that?\" The old man said some more words including: \"What if I could cure your father's cancer?\" The rest was blank to the young man as the elderly man said his price: the young man's soul. The young man snickered, believing the old man believing the old man to be completely out of his mind. The old man took out a contract. 'Almost like the movies,' thought the young man. The old man handed the contract to the young man. As the young man was opening the contract he heard a growl, and, right then, his finger was punctured. He watched in slow motion as a small drop of blood landed on the signature line of the contract. The next morning the young man woke with a start. Then, he heard his dad say that he felt he was \"as healthy as a horse.\" The young man realized distantly that the crazy old man had said the same thing; however, this thought was easily ignored as today was the day that he would run away with the beautiful young woman he loved. The young man and his dad were supposed to ride their bikes through a ring of fire that day. Little did the young man's father know that his son wasn't going to ride that day or that his time was almost up. As the young man was leaving, he let slip to his father that he wanted a better life for himself outside of being trapped in a carnival. Right when the young man was leaving the carnival, he heard a loud crash and gasps of shock and worry and even some laughs. The young man realized that the noises came from a tent at the very back...the tent where his father was. The young man left his bike and ran as fast as he could. He saw his only family lying on the ground. The young man ran to his father and reassured him everything would be alright. The man died in his son's arms a few moments later. Right when the young man's father let out his last breath, he heard a dark chuckle. The young man looked up and saw a dark, disfigured shadow fading. A half an hour later the angry young man drove down the gravel road on his bike to where the woman he loved was. The reason the young man was mad was because he had been double crossed. Unfortunately, the young man tipped his bike and was greeted by the elderly man he had made a deal with. The elderly man did something to the young man which made him lose all his feelings. The young man finally reached his destination: the tree he and his love agreed to meet at. The young man stopped the bike and saw his love waiting, smiling. The young man, having lost his feelings, left his only love in the shadows of Texas. Many years later, the young man had grown into a full-grown adult and was interviewed by the woman he left so many years ago. The man convinced the woman he had loved to go on a date that night. Unfortunately, the man couldn't get there because he had to pay his price for the contract he made many years ago with the old man, or, at least, someone he thought was an old man. The man was supposed to be the elderly man's \"bounty hunter,\" and hunt-down escaped people. My mom told me the man became the Ghost Rider. The man had hoped his love wouldn't get into the middle of his fight, but she did. One of his bounties used her to get what they wanted. Soon after the man was done collecting his bounty, he was offered the chance to get rid of his curse. The man refused, knowing that, as long as he was the Ghost Rider, he couldn't be with the woman he loved. Soon after the fight, the man left leaving a piece of himself behind with the woman he promised he would return to. \"And they all lived somewhat happily-ever after.\" When I asked my mom what she meant by that she said, \"You'll understand someday, my beauty.\" My story is too complicated to tell right in the middle of it, so let me start from the beginning, from the things that changed my life the most. It all started three months ago. My name is Allison Dregman. Welcome to my life.[Chapter 2] The Born Rider Chapter 2: The Not so Perfect Life and Move All Rights Belong To Original Owner In Texas, life was great. Some people might think to stay away, but for some people (like me) it was a great place to grow up. My family was one of the richest families in Texas thanks to my dad, who just happened to be a very talented and skilled movie director, making some of the best movies the world had ever seen. My mom had found her thrills with many things, but she always loved riding her favorite motorcycle, \"Charlie.\" I would like to think that she spent more time with me than her beloved \"Charlie,\" but then I would be lying. My mom loved me, don't get me wrong, but it seemed like she would rather be with her bike than me; it felt like she was scared of me for some reason when I was younger. But, when I got older, she let me go my own way, apparently thrilled to see me go. Mom and dad were always out, leaving me feeling that I could do anything and they wouldn't care. I was right. I used to think that my family was all right, that we were a happy southern family. That also turned out to be another lie in my perfect life. My mom knew things, things I would rather she never found out. She found out my dad was having an affair with one of his collages, Sasha. The worst part was my mom had found out that I had known about my dad's affair. I remember her never talking to me at all; she almost went into a kind of depression. Things had gone downhill in my life during that time. My dad had eventually left my mom to be with Sasha and her daughter, Macy, leaving his only biological daughter behind. My grades dropped dramatically (they weren't that great to begin with). I was kicked off the cheerleading squad, people I thought were my friends turned on me, and we had to sell our mansion of a house. Too many things had changed, I thought everything was my fault, and I found myself wanting out of life. My solution was death. Now, if I think about it, that idea was stupid, and I thank god it didn't work out. I should actually thank my mom's colleagues for cancelling their meeting that night. And also my mom for finding me in the bathroom right after I swallowed the pills that could have easily taken my life. The next few months after that were way worse than before. My dad had found out and had filed for full custody in family court. If that wasn't bad enough, he won, and I had to move in with my dad and his new wife and daughter. So, now that you are caught up on what's happening let's start with the car ride with my mom to the airport: \"Mom, why won't you talk to me?\" \"What do you want me to say, Allison Blaze Dregman?\" my mom complained (it was never a good sign when she used my full name). \"I'm leaving, and you act like you don't care. Are you mad at me?\" I questioned. \"Why would I be mad, Allison? Huh? You tried to kill yourself, and now your lame brain father has got custody of you? Why would I be mad?\" she yelled. For the rest of the trip, I remember holding back tears. My mom had every right to be mad; she was losing her only daughter, one of the only two family members she had left. My grandma had passed away mysteriously late last year, and my mom's father (my grandpa) had been admitted to a hospital because of a heart attack the night I had swallowed the pills that started this mess. At the time, I thought my grandpa should have been admitted to a mental hospital. What my mom hadn't realized was that I had had my own problems lately since the night my mom had saved my life. I had been having the same recurring dream (if you could call it a dream; it seemed more like a nightmare). The dream started out with feelings of bliss, almost like those seen in those mushy girl movies, and then it turned into an eternal nightmare. It felt like my skin was burning, like my flesh was being slowly peeled off. The worst part of the dream? I kind of liked it. That sent shivers down my body, but it felt like a second nature. Another one of my problems was that, not only was I leaving my mom behind, but I wouldn't just be getting a new stepmom, but also a new stepsister. After being an only child for sixteen years, this was a nightmare. When I had arrived at the airport, no words were said between my mom and me. What I thought should have been a very sad moment turned out to be just an ordinary thing. When my mom was leaving, I thought I heard her say \"If only you knew what I gave up for you.\" Either that or \"Good riddance.\" When I boarded the plane, (so nicely paid for by my dad) I looked back, seeing the warm Texas sun, the place I was born and raised in pass behind, I realized I was trading in the good old Texas lifestyle for the hot, sunny days of California. \"God, it is hot,\" I thought when I got off the plane three and a half hours later. If you thought Texas was hot, try getting into California at six o-clock in the morning. \"Alli!\" I heard someone shouting my name. I turned around only to be caught in a tight hug by my dad who I hadn't seen in several months. \"God, Allison, you changed your hair!\" He sounded quite shocked. I realized he had lost his southern accent. Not that I could blame my dad for not recognizing me. I had cut my long, beautiful blond curls to an uneven, short- shoulder style that was short in the back and long in the front. I also had dyed my hair from fine blond like my dad's to a kind of brown and blond, with blond highlights and a purple color for my bangs that now covered the left side of my face. I not only changed my hair, but also my attitude, and my way of thinking, not that my dad would notice. \"Ya, I got tired of blond,\" I said in a tired way. I had gotten asked that question so many times since the change from blond to brown. \"I barley recognized you,\" he replied. Not that I was surprised. My father could barely recognize me before, even with blond hair. \"Where's Sasha and Macy?\" my southern accent getting in the way as I changed the subject. My dad got a sour look on his face, the one I often used when I didn't want to answer a question or when I didn't want to talk about something. \"They couldn't make it,\" he said. Now I could hear his good old Texan accent coming through. \"What a shame,\" I said letting the snide comment through my lips. I tried holding it back, but I was like my dad: if I wanted to say something, I did. \"Allison,\" my dad warned. \"I thought we had this conversation on the phone yesterday.\" I could tell my dad was starting to get mad. \"Never mind. I'm sorry. Can we just get out of here? I'm kind of tired,\" I told my father. \"One more thing before we go, Alli. I talked to your mom, and she agreed that maybe you should still go to counseling,\" my dad said in a very strict voice, which meant that I had no choice in the matter. \"Dad,\" I replied in a whiney way. \"Now, let me finish. If you go, I will bring your bike from Texas here to California,\" he said. \"Dad, that's bribing,\" I informed him. \"At least go to one session. If you can prove to me that you don't need counseling, then I won't mention it again.\" \"I still get my bike, even if I quit?\" I asked. My dad nodded his head and, taking that as a yes, we left the airport. Katy Perry's song, \"California Girls,\" did not do California justice. The beaches and parks were decorated like there was no tomorrow. Even in the mornings, the streets where filled with people. My dad's new house, he informed me, was located right on the side of the beach. The ride from the airport to my dad's new house was half an hour away I slept for most of the ride on the way to the house. When I woke up, my dad was pulling into a three story mansion that had a pure white exterior with huge windows lining the entire second floor. My dad had really outdone himself when he had bought this house with his new wife and step daughter. In the driveway, there was a white Porsche with the license plate \"Queen Bee\" and a black Camaro with a built in sunroof that looked like it was just bought. And beside the black Camaro was a bike. My bike, I realized. It was the motorbike my grandpa had given me that had belonged to him many years ago, and my dad had to put thousands of dollars in restorations just to fix the bike. My grandpa had a name for the bike, but I had long since forgotten what it was. When I looked at my dad, I could see he was staring at my bike with wide eyes. It almost looked like he was surprised to see the bike himself. This seemed very odd at the time. I thought he had already known what my answer to therapy was and brought it just because. I knew better than to question my dad so I didn't say anything but \"thanks dad.\" \"No problem, Alli,\" he said, almost distracted. I didn't really notice, though it seemed like nothing at the time. When he and I got out of the car, my dad got a warm welcome from his new wife, which included a long kiss on the lips and dirty words whispered to him. It turned out my dad had just got back from a shoot with his new movie, \"Darkness' Light,\" in Brazil. Sasha turned to me, looking surprised by my appearance, which stunned me; I didn't look that bad, I thought. I was wearing my white sleeveless tank top with an army jacket, which I had gotten from a friend who loved \"The Vampire Diaries,\" so the jacket matched Elena's from season one. And for my pants, a short jean skirt with a silver belt, and my favorite pair of high-heeled knee boots. I guess to most people I looked like a Goth, even though I didn't wear the dark of clothing or makeup. In fact, the only makeup I was wearing was clear lip gloss, some eyeliner and light brown eye shadow, even though my Prada sunglasses covered my eyes. Ok, so maybe I did look like a Goth, but I wasn't one, believe me. \"Allison, is that you?\" Sasha questioned, surprised. \"Ya. Nice to see you too, Sasha\" I said snottily. My dad cleared his throat and gave me a warning glance. \"Why don't we go inside?\" Sasha said through clenched teeth. I could tell I got on her bad side. \"That is an excellent idea, sweetheart,\" my dad said to his wife. \"Allison, we will get your stuff later. Just take a few bags in with you.\" \"Yes, daddy.\" I wanted to say, but figured I had made him mad enough, so instead I nodded, keeping my head held high, ready for anything that came my way. More Coming Soon Remember to leave reveiws! ### Twisted Midnight###[Chapter 3] The Born Rider:Chapter 3 Living Bliss All rights belong to original owners I own nothing but my own characters and my settings \"That went well\" I thought as I fell onto my new queen sized in my new room located in the basement where I had my own bathroom and walk in closet. It had been fourteen hours since I was reunited with my new stepsister. So it was 10:30pm Macy and I used to go to highschool together ironically I used to be the queen bee and Macy the nerd I guess things really do change. I guess now would be good time to tell you how the meeting with Macy went but even if I told you so I'll skip it and tell you Macy hates me. I mean literally hates me with a capital H. Don't believe me when dad insisted Macy to take me with her to one of the coolest clubs she said \"Why would I want to take that suicidal freak with me!\" Mind you it hadn't been said to my face but heard it I think the neighbours did to. After some screams about how her social life and image would be destroyed and after making my dad raise her allowance she gave in but not after screaming and laying down some rules for me like \"First no talking to her or any of her friends\" \"Second you are supposed to ride your dirt bike, motorcycle or whatever it is to and back from the club.\" Macy said looking like she was the boss. \"And the last and most important rule is never ever tell anyone your last name just use your middle name as your last got it good\". Macy told me turning not giving me a choice in the matter. Like I was going to listen to her I thought to myself as I moved over to the little mirror on the wall with my makeup bag in hand. I had gone with one of my favorite looks the one from Lady Gaga's song poker face you know the one where it has different shades of gray. My outfit for tonight consisted of a pair of small brown high heeled ankle boots, a pair of skinny black leather jeans, a dark blue tank top that went to my waist and my leather jacket I had worn earlier that day. As for my hair it was up in my favorite style a long ponytail that had a bump and my bangs also bumped up too. When it was time to go Macy looked me up and down as I did the same to her. Macy was dressed in a red dress that was way too short and little pink pumps her blond hair in a loose waves that looked slutey. Her makeup however consisted of red lipstick and blue eyeshadow that brought out her blue eyes. When Macy was finished she said \"Really\" and turned her back and walked away entering the garage. Guess which car was hers that's right the one that said Queen bee figures. I waited until Macy climbed into her sleek car before I entered the Garage the keys to my bike in hand. The garage door had opened before I had even got onto my bike which started with the ease it usually did not even my mother could call this bike hers it was passed to me not her she even complained when my grandpa gave me the bike saying \"Dad\" to my grandpa. \"Allison can get her own bike she doesn't need yours but if you want to give it away I would be more than glad to take it\" She told him a glint in her eyes. But my grandpa being the old man he was said \"Emma you have a bike besides Allison likes the bike. Smiling I hit my bikes engine starting it so it followed Macy's car out of the garage ready for a night of excitement. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXx XX Sorry for the wait and the short new chapter but my muse ran away and left me nothing. I swear I will not discontinue this story I would rather die first. I promise more excitement is on the horizon. xxxxxxxxxxxxxTwistedMidnight xxxxxxxxx[Chapter 4] The Born Rider Chapter 4: Brand New...What \" Don't need your sad face sorry baby but I made up my mind, I made up my mind. Don't need a rerun been there done, done is the back in time, you're back in time.\" Not only was the club amazing but one of my fav songs was playing thats right bet you didn't peg me for an Anjulie fan...Well you're right... I only like this song lots of the kids in my old school say that this song``Brand New Bitch`fits my personality. And I don't know why I told all you that. Anyways back to the story. `Ya I know that the sex was good, I remember, I was showing you what to do. Yeah Yeah Up against the walls bathroom stalls Ooo I was so freakin blind so freakin blind And now I'm singing`` The Club was built in kind of like a cheery Hollywood movie lame theme. I know, I know but dad was all about mine and Macy's 'Sister' bonding. He must of been pretty crazy if anyone could use mine and Macy's names in a sentence let alone with the word sister in it. When we entered the club Macy walked the other way to a huge group of five or six girls with blond hair...much like the girls I used to hang out with. Oh the irony... I on the other hand moved to a table with a boy and girl who seemed very nice their names where Marnie and Justin and both apparently went to the same school I would be attending in the fall. \"So you're from Texas?\" Justin asked \"How do the boys look?\" Marnie had questioned me. And the questions went on and on...until on word caught my attention triggering something.a dream or maybe an entire different thing. Staring off into space I remembered a dream I once had at least I hoped it was a dream I believed it happened when I was 3 I heard my mom talking to a man that looked very creepy and unfamiliar to me talking in our garage. \"You stay away from me\" My mom said almost both worried and defencive. \"Miss. Blaze you shouldn't be so quick to threaten\" The creepy man told my mom. \"That's not my name and we both know you can't touch me.\" My mom spoke firmly sounding very confident. \"Ahh Right you think that because you married and changed a name I can't find others ways to hurt you Like say your daughter\". His face turning into a demonic figure at the last part. \"My baby has nothing to do with this she doesn't have the Ghost Rider in her, she's only 3 years old.\" My mom was really starting to get mad. \"The rider was passed down to you from your father and know that you're getting older someone will take over if it's your daughter well that's up to you.\" the creepy man was starting to get my mom both anxious and a mix between hatred and excitement. \"It doesn't matter my father showed me how to control the rider when it first happened and I did it fine I'll show her if it happens how to control the rider also I'm not stupid enough to make a deal with you.' \"What if I could promise you there is no catch only that I don't want the rider to be recreated in no more than a toddler it would how do you say raise suspicions.\" \"I don't believe you what could you possibly get out of this.\" The old man didn't say anything but walked over to my grandfathers bike which he had left in my mom's care while he took my grandmother for their annual trips together. The bike in response made a sudden change and turned on making a protesting sound like it wished it could drive away. \"You're known for tricks now tell me why I don't change and throw you out\" \"If you were going to do that you would have.\" My mom finally replied through clenched teeth \"What's the deal\" The old creepy man made a strange sound and said \"Your daughter will live somewhat a normal life the rider to never appear in day or night but if she is too..ohh say die the rider will be summoned forth and unleashed in return I want the rider back.\" \"Mommy\"I remember walking into the garage rubbing my eyes with my little fingers. \"Allison go back into the house.\" My Mom talking to me in a command. When I walked into the garage the old man came up to me and knelt putting his hands on his knees. \"You'll be a pretty little thing won't you.\" And that's all I remember. At least all that I could think of. That was until I let out a cold breath of air.[Chapter 5] The Born Rider chapter 5: Wild Rider..HMMM \"Allison you ok?\" Marnie asked when she say my look of discomfort. I didn't reply I just stayed seated and looked around my head starting to spin. \"Alli?\" Justin asked worried. \"I have to go.\" I said bolting from the table, running even though their was a voice in my head yelling at me to stay and talk. Against my better judgement that told me to stay I ran towards the exit not looking back. Even though i could feel eyes watching me as I left. Once outside my head felt a little better. But when I looked at where I parked my bike and nothing was there I totally freaked, until I looked back and noticed that it was in the alley one block away from the club. Thanking the lord (metaphorically) I started walking towards my bike, (at least I hoped it was my bike). That was until I reached it. It was definitely my bike...but it was in a creepy shape with brass and the flames that used to mark it where now...please don't think I'm crazy..but it almost looked like it was on fire. \"Allison Dregman?\" An unfamiliar voice asked behind me. In response I whirled around seeing the man from the memory I witnessed in the club. \"Depends on who's asking.\" I snarled at the stranger. \" I was right you are a pretty little thing.\" The man said \"Who are you and what do you want from me creep.\" I said viciously turning to my bitch mode on. \"I'd watch your tongue it could be your downfall, but on the other hand you don't back down from a fight that could be an asset.\" The creepy dude was really starting to creep me out. A sudden pain went through me making me put my head into my hands but that didn't stop me from snarling \"You didn't answer my question.\". \"No I didn't.\" The old man seemed amused with that reply. \"Look old man you have ten seconds to tell me who you are before I scream bloody murder.\" Moving my hands from my face I stared daggers at the old creep. \"You're amusing, very well I go by many names Mestophilies, Roarek, but for you, you can call perhaps a name you will know..hmm oh I know Lucifer.\" The old creep responded raising his arm that didn't hold a creepy skull cann at that last part. I know it should've surprised me, as a matter of fact it would have, if I believed it oh how naive I was. \"Lucifer, like the devil right.\" I answered amusingly playing along with this old crazy creep's game. \"You don't believe me.\" The answered getting angry. \"Hey old guy whatever floats your boat, I mean to each his own.\" Laughing I insisted moving to sit on my bike. But however when I got on to it, it felt like I was stuck on it my biking gloves sticking on the throttle. \"We are a stupid little thing aren't we.\" He laughed. Looking worried but not showing fear I looked straight into his soulless eyes. Bravely saying \"What do you want?\" \"As I told your mother if you were to die, the rider would resurface I'm only coming to collect on my side of the deal, Now I want you to find \"the Forgotten\" lackey's of the demon Blackheart and track him down and.\" Before the old man could respond. In recognition I said \"Blackheart like the stories, he's one of your son's.\" I questioned looking forward the last part not being quit a question. \"So you've heard of him, track Blackheart down and and kill him, he's weak so it should be relatively easy for the rider to kill him, just don't let him kill you it would be asham.\" The old guy continued moving towards the back of my bike. \"I'm not doing it.\" I said with hatred. \"Hmm, you don't have a choice.\" The old guy replied like the had done this before many times. And with that my bike started going on full speed with me helplessly a prisoner along for the ride. What's going on in your head? Wanting more? You'll have to kill your cravings until next Monday. Later my fellow Riders. LOL Happy Halloween! Don't let the rider get you! Hope you liked because I loved writing this chapter.[Chapter 6] \"Find \"the Forgotten\" I heard a whisper as I woke up. \"Ahhh.\" As I rolled over with a killer headache and an over (totally) over dried throat. throwing the blankets off me I made my way to my bathroom drinking believe it or not 6 cups of water. Crazy right? Looking at myself in the mirror the girl that stared back at me wasn't myself but simply a person who I hadn't seen in months. The girl looked scared and haunted I on the other hand felt the exact opposite. Slowly I moved my hand the girl in the mirror didn't. \"Calm down Alli, nothings there it's just your imagination, just your imagination. Dropping my hand I closed my eyes leaving nothing but the memories of last night flashing through my mind, or at least flashes. The memories were of pain, torcher, hatred and darkness. If I had known better I would have passed it off as a dream if I hadenèt felt the stab wound in my shoulder. Feeling the stabbing ache in my shoulder I lifted down my tank top to see a long red mark. In shock I covered my mouth to stop the scream I knew was about to come out. I knew that this wasn't possible, that nothing like this can happen in real life, and maybe it wasn't real maybe my life was just a story me being a helpless character being written by some chick with a fetish to write stories, she never finishes. Looking around the bathroom I finally found a gauze and going into the other room finding tape in one of my suitcases. I could tell the wound was fresh and that it probably needed stitches, but questioning my rational side I said \"What are you going to do, tell your dad that you slipped while holding a knife, ya real smart considering the angle of the wound looks like someone rammed it into my back.\" After I finished bandaging my wound I put on a t-shirt that had longer sleeves, and went upstairs. No one seemed to be there though on the table however was a letter saying \" Dear Ali Went to a important meeting, with Sasha and Macy, Won't be back until 11:00 Macy told me you left her all by herself, you're grounded. P.S I thought I told you not to tell anyone that you're a Blaze Dad. Great I thought Grounded, well at least I have nowhere to go. 11:00 hey that should give me sometime to do some information thinking. Going over to the island in the kitchen I sat down and picked up the phone dialing a familiar number. \"Hello?\" The old voice asked. \"Grandpa Johnny its Allison.\" I replied letting my texan accent out. \"Allison, why are you callin at his hour?\" \"Shoot I'm sorry, I just wanted to see how you were feeling.\" \"Allison Blaze Dregman, when have you ever called to see how I was feeling?\" The asked knowing me all to well. Signing he said \"I know you have somthin to ask so spit it out\" \"That bike you gave me what did you used to call her, I forget.\" I rambled. \"Why would you...?\" He started to ask when I cut him off ruddley. \"Your great Granddad used to call her Grace.\" The hesitated before saying it. almost dropping the phone memories of that one story my mom used to tell me had one line to stick out \" Before the young man could go outside, his father woke and asked the boy where he was going. The young man replied with a whispered, \"Nowhere dad. Nowhere.\" About five minutes of working on his favorite bike, Grace, that belonged to his father.\" \"Like the story.\" I whispered into the phone not meaning to. \"Like what story? Allison what's wrong?\" My grandpa asked a pinch of worry in his voice. \"Nothing I got to go.\" I hung up the phone even though his voice was protesting. No its impossible, it can't be i'm not... I'm the Ghost Rider...Oh shit. Sorry It took a long time to upload. Please Review![Chapter 7] Knowing I had time to do something else or most importantly find out some stuff I hurried around the unfamiliar house looking for my phone and bike keys. I know what you're probably thinking oh her dad says she's grounded, but ya know what at the time I really could have cared less about some stupid thing my dad told me because I was some freakin bounty hunter for the fricken Devil so cut me some slack. Now back to the story. I finally had found my keys in the stupidest place, in the fridge. I mean come on how would they have gotten in there, I know I blanked for the longest time last night, but why would I put them into the fridge? Going into the garage I saw my bike looked the same as she always had except her fender looked a little dented. If only I could remember last nights events. I slowly reached out putting my hand on the bike only to stop when... nothing happen I mean nothing. Sighing I swung my leg over the bike feeling like I always had normal. I slowly turned the key in the bike making it purr to life I reached over to the wall pushing the garage door opener making the huge white doors open to the sides. Twisting the throttle on my bike I made her move barely even going the speed limit, I thought to myself slowly where I would go considering I barely even know where the nearest gas station is. My fathers house was close to the border of town which I was now grateful for which meant I wouldn't have to travel through traffic. Not knowing what to do I decided I would go way out of the city and maybe just maybe find some out of town Church or maybe book place where I could find out about this Ghost Rider thing I became last night. What seemed like hours later i finally found this little old churchy looking thing that looked long abandoned. Not knowing what to do next I decided this place looked like a best place to look or even to rest. I turned the engine off getting off of the old beast I almost tripped but caught myself on the ground the bike staying up though on it's kickstand which I guess I must of knocked while getting off. Before my face could hit the ground I caught myself landing on my hands which I could feel blood. Brushing myself off I stood up moving my hands in front of myself to see lots of small cuts that weren't too deep but still drew blood. I felt like crying out but decided not to even though this area looked like it was an isolated desert. Finally getting enough courage I went up to the building opening up the doors a whole lot of dust flew out giving it an eerie vibe. \"Hello\" I called entering the church. But when I entered I felt my throat get really dry and my body acting like I had lit a match as if something was sucking my saliva and blood church may have looked abandoned on the outside but in the inside the walls and pues looked super clean like someone took his or her pride in making the pews look spiffy. I slowly made my way up the pews being drawn to the cross that hung on the wall. Before I could reach it I felt a hand on my shoulder grabbing me and spinning me to face the person. The shock of being scared like that made my heart feel like I was about to have a heart attack. A rough voice of a man asked me a question but I ignored it as I threw my hand over my chest. \"I asked why you came here.\" The man stepped into the light so I could see his white hair greyed hair and beard. He looked like he had just stepped from some old western my grandpa used to watch when I went over to visit. \"I'm soooory.\" I mumbled my heart slowly going down. \"You had better hurry it up.\" He asked like the had something better to do. \"I seek to find knowledge.\" I continued speaking weirdly. \"I know what you want and trust me it's not up front.\" The man started walking making it seem like I should follow him as the moved to the side opening a door to a room with books. And when I say books I mean thats what the room was a whole lot of books that lined the walls all the way around. \"Wow.\" I muttered in astonishment. The man didn't answer only slamming the door. \"It took ya long enough to find me .\" \"What how do you...I'm warning you some freaky shit's happening to me, dont make me...do whatever it is I do.\" I muttered going into defencive mood not quite knowing what I could do. \"Allison you don't even know what you are, don't hurt yourself kiddo, if I wanted to hurt you I would have already.\" The old man said moving over on the other side of me reaching to grab something. When I didn't answer the old man continued.\" why don't you tell me what you know?\" \"Look all I remember is, these voices yelling in my head this freaky guy claiming to be the devil and oh ya I also turn into some kind of fire thing and found out i'm something called a ghost rider.\" I complained leaning against the bookshelf. \"Hey kid I want to show you something.\" The old guy stood away from me revealing the thing in his hand a lighter. \"What are you...\" I started saying only to stop when the guy opened the lighter the flame rose twisting and extending as it faced me even though the was holding the lighter straight it still tried reaching me. \"You have no clue Allison you're not just a Ghost Rider you were born one you're the one he wants.\" The old man looked over me as the let the lighter switch go. \"Who wants me.\" I stuttered nervously. \"Blackheart.\" The answered only saying that name made me shutter.[Chapter 8] \"Blackheart who's he.\" I asked nervously. \"A powerful demon he's the son of as you called him the devil but he usually goes by Mephistopheles, nothing but pure evil, your grandfather took him down when he first became the rider, but he escaped his prison in hell with the help of other trapped demons, he's weak and his powers are limited, that's where you come in.\" \"What do you mean where I come in?\" \"He needs a drop or two of your blood, but I don't believe i've introduced myself Carter Slade.\" The old guy acknowledged introducing himself, not offering his hand. \"Like the story, I guess they were true, though I've should have guessed.\" I thought shaking my head. \"Stories? Ahh right the ones you were told when you were little.\" Carter answered like the knew all about me. \"I'm not even going to ask how you know that but if you know about the story than you know that in one of them the story you found peace, so what happened?\" I couldn't resist. \"That's a story ya don't need to hear, so lets just say I'm supposed to help you control your ability and make sure you know everything you need to know.\" \"So what do I need to know.\" I moved standing up straight. \"How to control yourself, I'm sure that when that sun sets you'll be quite the hellion, so we'd better get to it but you are different than the others.\" The man seemed troubled.. \"What do you mean different than the others.\" For some reason I got angry. \"You were born without a soul.\" The looked studying my features. \"What do you mean no soul everyone has a soul.\" I answered with anger. \"You see that anger you have, is rage that boils when your mad, ever have the thought when something really sad happens and you know ya should be upset and you don't cry or care if someone dies?\" He must of saw the look on my face because he smiled saying. \"I thought so.\" \"That's so impossible, I still don't believe you but say if I did the rider came from my mom's side right so wouldn't that mean she had a soul doesn't she and my dad he's human so...\" I trailed. \"So you assume you should have one? Doesn't work that way kiddo, think of it this way your mother was born with a soul...You following?\" He stopped letting me catch up. \"Go on.\" I nodded. \"She was born with a soul but then she became the rider she didn't next you were born when she was still the rider, later you turned which was a huge problem so when the devil found out he went to your mother with a deal she took it she gave up the rider for both of you and got her soul back but since when you were unborn and your mother turned while pregnant with you, you had no soul ever and a soul can't just be made, thus you are the rider born without a soul.\" The old man explained this like he had told it a million times before. \"I still don't get it.\" \"Never mind kid we don't have time you should stay here until it happens.\" \"I can't I have to go home and besides tomorrow I have school.\" I complained thinking of that new hell hole no pun attend. \"You can't go home they'll probably be waiting they'll be watching.\" Carter answered like I was crazy for even wanting to go home. \"I don't care I know Macy and Sasha are terrible but Mitch is still my dad.\" I responded trying to walk out that door that lead to the door going out the church. Carters arm stopped me however when he put it on my arm making me turn to look at him. \"If they get you...\" \"They won't if you say I'm as special as you think then I'll be good and careful, Promise now let go of my arm.\" I looked down at where his hand was.\" \"You go and I can't promise it will end well.\" He let go of my arm but still looked like he was trying to make me stay. \"Bye Carter.\" I whispered going out the door walking to the entrance. Leaving behind the only key I had to answers I wanted unlocked.\" So you guys I'm so excited I just heard that there might just might be a female Ghost Rider movie. Nicolas Cage supports it and says he won't return for a third movie. Any ways this news just made me want to wright and wright so expect two new Chapters coming out soon. Since share and share my story for the hopes this Rider fan may have a chance for her story to be the next movie! Later TwistedMidnight[Chapter 9] \"You girls we have some exciting news.\" Sasha exclaimed as she put down her fork. \"Sasha no.\" My dad answered almost immediately like he was hiding some secret. \"Mitch its good news we all could use some good news.\" She replied looking at him like he didn't have a choice. \"Fine I'm sure it was bound to come out sooner or later.\" He sighed rubbing his eyes. \"Nows there going to be some change from now in about 9 months.\" She hinted smiling. \"Mom what do you mean some change?\" Macy asked not wanting to know the answer. \"I'm Pregnant!\" Sasha exclaimed clapping like a child. \"What?!\" Macy yelled. When Sasha said this I couldn't keep the water in my mouth to go down instead I squirted the water out of my mouth lime one of those crazy people in movies. \"Ewww!\" Macy yelled even louder as the water came out. Before anything else happened she ran from the room Sasha running after her. \"Dad?\" I choked coughing after Macy and Sasha left. \"We just found out last week Believe me I acted worse then you did.\" He leaned back not saying anything about the accident I made. \"Dad I thought you said you didn't want any more kids after me, as a matter of fact you said that if you heard you were going to have another kid you would..\" I said worked up to be stopped by my dad. \"I know what I said Alli but what am I supposed to do tell her to terminate the pregnancy it would crush her, now I know your grounded but I think you should get out of the house tonight It's not going to be a pleasant night here.\" He sighed getting up leaving the table with me down folded. Noting that it was no use me stating my opinion I stood up only to stop when A fire started in my stomach. \"Ahh.\" I whispered in pain. My throat and body felt like they were going to explode. Knowing what was happening grabbed my keys out of my jacket I hadn't taken off since I came home. Whoever When I got home I changed my clothes changing into a pair of black leather pants and black tank top with matching black leather pump boots. Right after my dad questioned where I was believe me I didn't tell him the truth only saying that I had road my bike around the huge backyard and gravel road. In truth I know he didn't believe me but didn't question me anyways back to the story. I ran out of the house not even trying to be quiet in the process my bike didn't look normal it was the monster it had been last night. \"Please God if you will listen to me don't let me turn until I get out of town.\" Hoping on my bike I pushed the button on the garage opening the door. My bike had a mind of its own because it speed faster and faster down the winding road not stopping until we reached a warehouse in the entrance throwing me off my bike and onto the cold cement. My body finally released its demoney self. Now I really don't remember much about what happens when I'm the rider I even sometimes don't remember where I am. Sometimes I don't think I control my actions. All I remember or rather what I heard was these demons calling me \"little rider\" I remember seeing a rope on the ground and pulling it up I pushed or rather pulled on the rope turning it into a flaming long weapon. When the demons started screaming and going around me in fast circles I threw the rope in a lasso form when one of the demons pulled on it making me hit the wall knocking the riders flames out prematurely and making them only to recomebust in bigger flames. \"Common boys this little brat stands no chance against us, Blackheart needs her alive for now.\" \"Stained.\" The rider replied as she pulled herself and the rope up in one big step throwing the rope in a lasue form catching one of the demons unexpectedly. When the other head guy saw this happening he hissed and the others disappeared leaving me to deal the demon I caught his death.[Chapter 10] \"Tough Night Kiddo.\" A gruf voice woke me up. Slowly I opened my eyes to find the form of Carter Slade. \"How did I get here last thing I remember was I.. I?\" I trailed off not quite remembering what I last remembered. If that makes sense. \"You showed up her before day light looked like you wanted to destroy everything around ya and when the transformation back to your human form happened you looked around confused then dropped like a dead bird on the ground with a nasty stab on your right shoulder.\" Carter explained like I should know this already. \"Stab wound?\" I asked confused until a sharp pain went through my shoulder as I moved to sit up. \"Don't remember what happened do ya?\" He asked grunting. \"Hey Cut me some slack this is what the second night I've turned and your giving me the third degree.\" I shouted getting very annoyed. \"Relax there, your grandfather never gave me this much trouble.\" I looked up to Carter as he moved to the far end of the room getting a pack of ice. \"I guess I can't be as good as the great Johnny Blaze.\" My temper went down a degree. Carter walked over to me stopping to look I guess if I was going to cry or go into another fit of rage. But after a while he pushed a pack of ice onto my shoulder a little to roughly making me flinch. \"Think hard kid what can ya remember?\" Closing my eyes tightly I tried with all my might I had inside and nothing absolutely nothing. \"I can't I don't know why I can't remember but I can't all i remember was turning and going...going somewere, after some demons I killed them, I killed them.\" I whispered almost to myself. \"Give it time kiddo.\" He murmured. \"Time.\" I laughed only to stop and remember... Oh Shit. \"What time is it?\" I asked well aware of what day it was. \"7:30.\" He told me wearily. \"Shoot I'm going to late for school, dame it.\" Imentally slapped myself. Great Alli you're going to be late for the first day of school. Gregory and Cluster was a tall building with tinted windows and a huge office. \"Name.\" A heavy set elderly woman with glasses, grayed hair and an aged face asked me as I entered the office. \"Allison Blaze Dregman.\" I stated flatly in a hurry. \"Dregman relation to Marcy?\" She replied in the same tone I had used. \"Unfortunately.\" I spoke sourly. \"Hmm, Miss. Dregman you're homeroom is Mr. Mikelson, and he hates his students to be late.\" Before I could answer she continued. \"Locker number 667, your schedule and locker combo.\" She handed me two prices of paper turning to make sure our conversation had ended. Before she had turned I saw the name Merial on her name tag. Wanting to ask more I tried talking, but decided I was going to be late to class if I talked even more. The hallways to the school were crowded and smelled like sweat and fear. Yikes. As I made my way to my new locker I received many odd looks like I was going to murder everyone I looked at. I can't look that bad I went over to a mirror that had been placed into the hallway. Gees could this school be even more vain. When I made it over to the mirror I had to take a double look. The girl in front of me was me, but the before me with long blond hair like I had before the accident. \" Not again.\" I whispered to myself. I closed my eyes tightly and the image focused back to the me after the accident if it makes sense. Gees I thought no wounder everyone is giving you strange looks you look like he'll. No pun Intended. My hair was in a nest on top of my head not to mention that my face looked like I was on drugs. God being the devils bounty Hunter sure makes a girl look terrible. You would think that your skin burning off every night would make you look fresh but no For once in my life I Allison Dregman look like a slob I Allison ex'ruler of Hamilton High look like the people I Used to make fun off. Ironic isn't it. \"Allison?\" A voice asked behind me I turned to see one of the people the female to be exact who had been nice to me behind me. \"Marnie hi.\" I turned trying to keep the shock off of my face. \"You go here, since when?\" She asked confused. \"Since about ten minutes ago.\" I stuttered like a fool. \"Wow Josh is going to be so surprised, here let me show you around.\" She told me sharply taking my schedule out of my hands. \"Mr. Mickelson huh, at least your not alone Josh a few others and I are in that class come on hell waits for no one.\" She moved down the hallway shoving people as we went. When I tried telling her I hadn't went to my locker yet nor did I have any school supplies she simply replied. \"Like I said Hell awaits for no one, you can borrow some supplies from me, just for today though.\" Marnie finally stopped at a large black door at the end of the ball opening the door a blast of conversation flew up mostly about me I could hear as the class whispered runners about me. The classroom wasn't far from hell like Marnie had said. The walls lay bare nothing marked the plain black curtains and barely any light shown through the room. Mr. Mikelson was a tall heavier man with one of those french mustaches and Beatty little eyes that went deep into you're soul, good thing I don't have one I thought. When I tried to go past this man he put a long hairy arm out blocking me from the rest of the class. \"New Kid, tell everyone who you are.\" He spoke with a deep French accent. Before I responded he took a ruler out of the legendary on the old aged black chalk board, I was beginning to think that this guy had a thing for black, but you know it could just of been me. Anyways the man hite the board with the ruler making a huge thunderous clap that made everyone stop there conversations and look up at the front. \"Everyone listen the new kid is going to say her name.\" He spoke making everyone look at me with disgust. \"Bitch.\" A way to familiar voice from the back spoke. \"Ms. Dregman shoosh don't make me send you to the office again.\" He pronounced the words very accentful. \"Allison Dregman.\" I spoke in a deep southern accent. After that the entire room whent in silence like they had been told the most shocking new ever. \"Aww another Dregman Gees how great, Allison take a seat near Ms. Miller. He pointed to a girl with strawberry blond hair and glasses. Everyone studied me as I went to the seat near the girl, and some even gave me dagger eyes. \"Great Just Great.\" Thank you to my new favoritors and followers plus my good old favoritors and followers This chapters for you, hence why it is longer I'm glad you guys like my story. Please Review and share share share. TwistedMidnight.[Chapter 11] Caution Some Swears. \"You and Marcy are related?\" That question had been thrown at me all day in different directions from the popular crowd to the less popular the group I had fit into or rather had been placed into. All day I had replied with the same remark. \"No her slut of a mom stole my dad away from my mom now that whore Marcy is living my old live, so now we're step sisters.\" Ok I really didn't say that but I wish I would have looking back on it now after what Marcy did to me but that's for a later time to tell. What I really said was \" Yes Marcy and I are Step Sisters.\" Sounds better right? \" So...\" Macy asked me as we walked into the girl's washroom. \"So?\" I asked back as I leaned against the wall only to flinch as my wounded shoulder hit wood. Which got me an eyebrow raise from Marnie. \"What happened to your shoulder?\" She asked me confused. \" I don't remember.\" That answer bother Confused Marnie and myself. \" Well let's see maybe I can help.\" She moved over to the door locking it so no one could get in then moved over to me helping me take off my leather jacket, which made me flinch again as I felt the jacket stick to the wound. \"Oh my goddess, Allison what have you been doing?\" Marnie asked like she was horrified by what she say. My curiosity getting the better of me I turned so my back faced the mirror and I turned my head to the side seeing the wound do that deserved 'Oh My Goddess' And oh my goddess was right. The wound on my shoulder was deep and long going across my shoulder blade to almost the beginning of my bra line, which thankfully the wound had been stitched, even though I don't remember that happening. \"Wow.\" I remarked. \"Wow? That's all you have to say? What have you been doing? Knife Fighting or did you get mugged?\" Marnie pummeled me with all those questions. \"First of all wow is all I have say, it's not that bad.\" I lied. Marnie made a face opening her mouth to tell me probably was insane the mark looked like I had gotten stabbed in defense. \"Second you wouldn't believe me, third.\" I listed with my fingers as I continued to look at the wound. \"Third and finally I don't remember how I got it happy?\". \"Happy? Allison you should go to the doctor, that stitch work is crappy or you should call the police ya the police so they can catch however did that.\" Marie told me worried. \"Open this door already.\" An angry voice yelled through the locked door. \"Just a minute, Listen Marnie Don't tell anyone ok, I need to find out how this happen first ok? Please!\" I pleaded. Marnie looked at me and after looking at me for a while then turned agreeing to me she would keep it a secret. \"Hey Marnie?\" I called before she unlocked the door. \"Ya?\" She asked wearily. \"Does this place have a library?\" I smiled getting a laugh from Marnie she nodded and motioned for me to follow. When she opened the door lots of students flung through the door giving Marnie and I curses. The library was close to the entrance of the school this morning I apparently had passed on my way to school. How do you miss a library? The library was mostly abandoned and dark the newest book was from 2000 and since this school was mostly religious that meant that most of the books were religious. The librarian was an ancient old lady who gave me a wide eyed expression either shocked by my appearance like everyone else or even shocked someone even came into the library at all. \"The Underworld and Demonic Bounty Hunters.\" I asked the lady. \"The classified section you'll need a access card.\" She sighed annoyed. \"How do I get one?\" \"You don't but since you're the only one who's ever asked to see those books Ill make an exception.\" The ancient lady knelt her knees cracking as she took a blue card with restricted access up and handed it to me. \"The back.\" She pointed whispering something else as I left. The restricted access room was filled with cobwebs and burnt out lights illuminating the room. After an hour of reading about Demonic Exersisoms, Virgin Killing rituals, and Sacrifices and many piles of books later I finally found a few good experts. \"The host can gain control of the possessing spirit through concentration.\" I read out loud. I moved my arm so I was just nearly touching an old candle that was placed in the middle of the table others also occupied the room but the one on the table was the closest to me anyways. \"I command you possessing spirit.\" I closed my eyes in concentration. \" Give me Control of my body.\" Slowly I opened my eyes seeing a candelabra that was a candelabra. No flame flickered or anything just an old candle. I closed the book a little to roughly shoving it away from my sight, moving my hand to rub my eyes just giving up light caught my eye from behind me making me turn around witnessing the flames of 20 candles around me lite up flames pointing in my direction almost drawn to me. \"I'll be.\" I laughed a little to loudly only to stop when A horse laugh came out of my mouth making me weasel. \"I knew it was you.\" A female voice behind me made me jump.[Chapter 12] Caution Some Swears \"Who's there?\" I said harshly through clenched teeth, also griping my head in my free hand. \"He wouldn't believe me when I told him it was you, he said it was impossible, that it was a coincidence that the knife wound happened by coincidence.\" The voice laughed harshly. \"I don't know what your talking about!\" Which was a lye. \"You can't lye I was the one who stuck the knife in your shoulder, you almost ruined our plan, you killed my brother you bitch.\" The voice echoed. \"You don't want to mess with me right now I'm warning you leave.\" My voice got even more threatening at the end as I didn't deny what the person said. \"My brother, I was so close to finishing the job fifty million and you ruined it, by now we could of been out of the country, no problem I'll finish you now. I've been doing some reading to I'll give you to him and he'll grant my wish, he needs you.\" The voice laughed crazed. \"Enough of this who is he and..\" I slammed the person against the wall with a thunderous thud against the wall stopping when I saw the person I considered kind hearted. \"Marnie?\" I asked in pain and betrayed. \"I was going to ask you to help me track the person who did this.\" She lifted her arm showing burn marks. \"And who killed my Brother, but you your the bitch who did it, I was so close to asking you in the wash room but then you winced, which made me curious so I asked what happened. That wound I knew it was you when I saw it, my own boyfriend wouldn't believe me he said I was crazy, I knew I wasn't.\" Marnie laughed. \"Ahh\" I kept a firm grip on Marnie neck but My head felt like I was about to burst. \"If you kill me people are going to put together the pieces besides I told one more person who you were and believe me she knew it had to be true freak.\" She laughted. Before I could stop myself I through Marnie's head against the wall making a bone chilling echo sound in the abandoned room. \"Who did you tell!\" I felt myself or at least part of me turn being even more of a threat. Before Marnie could answer I turned fully. \"Look into my eyes!\" My demonic voice demanded making Marnie look. Marnie's soul was filled with killing and robberies and blackmail and one key person she had trusted with my secret. Marnie's body fell to the floor as I turned back to myself. \"Marcy!\" I said angry running out the door leaving the courpse of my supposed ex friend behind me. Well it's getting interesting. Will Marcy tell her enemies secret. Will I finally start making this story even more interesting Find out in the Chapter 13 Heart of Fire.[Chapter 13] I don't know if it was me or the rider talking but all of a sudden I really wanted to tear Marcy into little prices and burn them. Disgusting I know right. The streets of the city I knew would be filled with people and probably most of them had some kind of bad dark secret they didn't want the rider to know so I decided on staying on the edges of town where no one would wander on that beaten path. Most of you are probably thinking oh her best friend well her only friend turned out to be a complete freak and wacko and she isn't even upset well you know what Carter said I have no soul so haw. The bitch Marcy you know why did it have to be someone who knew my secret that had to live under the same roof as me Gees I can already see the look on my dad's face at dinner if I said \"Oh hey dad just to let you know I'm a Ghost Rider... What is a Ghost Rider you ask? Well it's the devils bounty hunter and Hey Sasha you know your vindictive evil slim daughter Marcy? Well she knows my secret and will probably tell the entire world about me I have to burn her soul which will leave her completely incapable of conversation ever again. But anyways could one of you guys pass the salt?\" I had a feeling it wouldn't go over very far, and plus would get me locked up in the looney bin for my entire natural life. So I just had to hope and ironically pray I could get to her first to...to I don't know maybe threaten her or I don't know talk some sense to her. My dads house was defining darkness not even one light lay lit in the mansion. The front door also lay unlocked which was very unusual. \"Marcy?\" I called as I entered the house trying to turn on a light but apparently the power was out. I tried looking everywhere in the downstairs area of the house but no one was there or they were ignoring me, but before I did anything else a cold breath came out of my mouth. \"Quite the mess you've made Allison.\" The dark stranger told me making me whip around in a fast circles. \"Let me guess your getting impatient and you had to come see one of your favorite bounty hunters, or let me guess your here to tell me times running out and I have to get your son and kill him before midnight right.\" I joked pissed at this entire world. The old guy apparently found my little speech funny because he let out a horse laugh. \"I see you've been doing some research tell me how did you find out Blackheart was my son?\" The old guy asked with genuine curiosity. For some reason I felt compelled to say don't you know curiosity killed the cat but bit my tounge. \"I have my ways plus my grandfather did take him down so..\" \"I've waited long enough for you to go after my son, And lime you said time is running out its almost tome for Blackheart to make the sacrifice.\" He retorted looking over at the pictures marking the walls. \"Sacrifice?\" I muttered confused. \"I see the books didn't tell you everything remember times running out Allison.\" And with that a cloud of black smoke surrounded the guy making him disappear. And then a huge \"Thud!\" made me run back into the kitchen but for me only to see a broken bowl that had fallen off the counter. As I was going to leave I felt my head get a huge wave of pain which was paralyzing me to the bone, for some reason a horse voice went into my head whispering \"Turn\" which on instinct I did as it told me to making me turn and catch a knife that would have been lodged into my back. As I caught the knife my hand light up and turned to bone with huge flames the rest of my body stayed the same. \"You killed her didn't you?\" Marcy asked me as she tried even harder to get the knife past my arm and into my body. \"I did what I have to.\" My answer stund both myself and Marcy. \"She told you everything and you still killed her your the monster and I can't wait to tell mom about you she said you were trouble but your father got the brain wave that I would help turn you straight. You of all people.\" She retorted angry. Before she could see I through the knife with a thunderous clap against the ground pushing Marcy a little ways away from me. \"Go ahead.\" She laughted. \"The cops will be here any minute, and I told them everything.\" She must of noticed the shocked, look on my face when she said everything because she sighed. \"Not everything about your whatever it is you turn into, but how you killed Marnie and how you killed her brother and probably all of those other people who have died since you came here .\" \"What did I ever do to you?\" I asked thinking about how much my life was possibly over. \"What did you do, you should ask what you didn't do. You made my life a living hell ever since Pre-K, but not know now it's your turn to suffer.\" The house was now eliminated by the lights of police cruisers who now surrounded the house. Knowing I had to get out of there I made my last remark short and sweet. \"Your no better then I was.\" I ran as fast as I could out of the house running towards Grace, as swung my leg over the seat, before I sat down I turned into my Rider self going towards the place that would hold answers and sanctuary. \"Carter!\" I yelled in an angry gruff voice as I ran down the long lines of pews and crosses which made me very uncomfortable. \"What's wrong you break a nail?\" He retorted as I charged into the back room. My next movement must of surprised Carter because he didn't move out of my way as I through him against the wall pressing my arm against the base of his throat with a strength I never knew I had. \"I had an interesting visitor.\" I told him referring to Mistopholes. \"He told me About Blackheart and some sacrifice he was running out of time to do, have any ideas what sacrifice?\" Carter tried answering but my arm was in the ways so I loosened my grip just a little . \"I don't know what your talking about.\" He lyied terrible almost out of breath. \"Don't lye to me!\" I yelled way to loud. \"You Blackheart needs you.\" He answered like it took a lot out of him. Me why me I thought letting Carter go which made him false, against a table that lay near us. \"Blackheart escaped from hell the night you were born.\" He explained \"You weren't supposed to find out, not this way, but you decided to try and live normal that's one of the biggest mistakes a rider can make.\" \"What's the biggest?\" I asked though I was still shocked by the answer. \"Making a family.\" I know my next question was one I didn't want to know but I asked it anyways. \"What's the sacrifice?\" Carter looked at me funny but sighed rubbing his aged temples. \"On Midnight of the day Blackheart was sent to Hell the born rider born on the night he rose will be sacrificed in San Vaganza and a dagger struck in her heart will mark death and the growing strength of the prince of Hell, and when the riders blood stops flowing the Demon Blackheart will be at his most strength no one has ever seen.\" Carter finally stood straight as he finished moving past me. And after that I got the worst text ever.[Chapter 14] And that's when I got the worst text ever. Carter was still trying to regain his breath when my phone vibrated in my pocket. The message was from my father. \"Allison, Sasha had a nasty fall down the stairs this afternoon we've been at Angus Memorial Hospital for over 6 hours I tried texting you and then the police have been asking questions about you they say you killed some people, what are they talking about? Alli I really need to talk to you Come quick. Dad. \"Who's that?\" Carter asked as he looked over my shoulder at the text I had just read. \"My dad,\" I turned to face Carter. \"His wife fell down the stairs she's in the hospital.\" \"And what, you plan on going to them.\" He asked his voice ruff. \"I have to.\"Was all I said looking off into the distance. \"And what if it's a trap you know now that Blackhearts minions will be looking for you like a hog does a water hole on a hot summer morning.\" \"Im going and you can't stop me Carter.\" I turned only to be shocked at the figures behind me.s \"Maybe he can't but We can.\" Knowing My face was showing shock I controlled it crossing my arms. \"Hello Granddad, Mother.\" \"Allison your keeping well, these days, and Carter long time no see.\" Granddad moved to sit down on an old rusted chair. \"Mother what are you doing here.\" I asked calmly. \"Your granddad told me that you called asking about some things,.and then while I was flipping through channels on the tv and heard of a chick on fire who drove a motorcycle, and I'm not stupid.\" My mother mirrored my figure standing just as strong as I. \"So what you want me to just site here and wait for Blackhearts goons to come and get me or are you going to let me go and stop trying to control me.\" My anger finally rose to the top. \"I can't let you go, I can't let you go to let that monster rise to the top, even if I have to keep you here with force.\" \"Are you saying that because you care or because you want to ruin my life some more, huh.\" \"Enough.\" My grandfather interrupted standing up. I looked around for Carter but he had seemed to disappear. \"Allison you are staying here and that is finale.\" He spoke harshly. \"You can't control me no one can, I may not have a soul but I'm no one's bitch, I'm going to my dad and that's finale.\" I busted out the rider also wanting to be released. \"There are things Allison, things your father hasn't told you, he'll probably just give you over to Blackheart.\" My mother complained, like she always did with my father. I shook my head. \"He's my father he isn't that low, besides he's better then you, you never told me who I was.\" \"Your father on the contrary on what you like to think about him would do anything for money and Power he always has and always will.\" She sounded more bitter than usual. \"If that was the case then you wouldn't of married him, would you have?\" I questioned as I moved to lean against the wall. \"I didn't know what he was capable of until it was to late and I'll be damned all over again if that man helps Blackheart.\" She hissed clenching her fists. I shook my head. \"Thats all you care about isn't it? Stopping Blackheart you know you didn't even mention me, I bet you don't even care.\" I strode up to her. \"I obvious care or I wouldn't of given the rider from me back to Mistopholes when you were little, as, much as you hate me Allison I've given up so many things for you. For you to live a normal life I've had to be a person I hate.\" She yelled at me while my grandfather just watched sitting quietly in the background. \"You married Mark mom. Long before I was born.\" I shouted back really pissed off. \"The only reason I married your father was because I was Pregnant with you.\" That one stung. I looked at my mom shocked and hurt. I was the reason she married dad. Still looking at her I let out a hurt breath shaking my head I walked past her, but when I got past her I ran as fast as my legs would take me and of course outside those doors Grace awaited ready for me to shift.[Chapter 15] With my mother's words in my head I speed down the winding back alleys figuring out Marcys phone call to the police would mean they would be looking for me. Oh joy. The hospital was a big tall white building with big bay windows and six stories high. The inside of the hospital was bright colored and cheerey which was far from the clean sterile feeling other or most usual hospitals. Before I entered I had parked my bike behind the hospital in the woods that lay dark and silent. Walking up to the reception desk I asked which room Sasha Dregman was residing in only for a voice to intrude my thoughts. \"Allison.\" My father stood by the coffee machine down the hall. \"Dad.\" I walked fastley down the corridor making sure no one was watching or looking for me. \"How is she?\" I asked referring to Sasha. My dad sighed sitting down on one of the chairs. \"She lost the baby, but other than that she's just banged up.\" Sitting down beside him I felt a sharp pain in my throat noticing that to be the rider wanting out, ignoring it I continued the conversation. \"Does anyone know how she fell down the stairs?\" My father didn't reply just shook his head. Turning from him I thought it about moms words earlier about how my dad would do anything for money and Power. My dad must have saw my expression because of his reply. \"There not here, the police.\" I ignored that even though a huge weight had been lifted from my shoulders. \"Dad let's take a walk, I needed to ask you about somethings.\" After watching me for a while he got up and started walk signaling for me to follow. \"What do you want to know?\" He asked as we walked outside to the cold night air. \"Moms intown and she said something about you and I need some answers.\" I asked wearily. \"Ask away.\" \"When you were married did you, I don't know how to say this but huh did you notice anything strange about mom.\" Creasing his eyebrows. \"What Kind of strange.\" \"Did..she you know ever have this strange addiction to.. I don't know fire or stay out late.\" \"You don't have to be so bleak I know you know what you are.\" He asked angry. \"Wait a moment you've known all this time and never said anything.\" I asked with equal anger. \"If you know what happened obviously your mother told you the deal I made with him.\" \"What deal who's he.\" I asked confused. \"You don't have to play stupid, really I'm glad she told you I'm tired of playing a loving father.\" Knowing I wasn't going to get any answers this way I decided to play along. \"She didn't go into specifics she said you would.\" \"Huh so like her, in order for me to become the success I am today I made a deal to impregnate Johnny Blazes daughter and marry her.\" He told me like he had said this a million times over. What were my feelings then well ill tell you they weren't exactly happy and full of bunnies like in one of those girly girl movies. \"You want to know what the best part about this whole mess was?\" My father asked me laughing. I just looked up at him motionless. \"It was to easy for you to think I cared about you, when in truth your death is the only thing that is going to bring me and Blackheart the things we want.\" And then the world went black.[Chapter 16] Disoriented that's how I felt when I first awoke and then I remembered. I bolted up seeing that I was in a dark room with no windows or light. As I moved to get up I noticed My wrists where chained to the walls only allowing me a certain space to move about. Knowing the only way to get out of this I channeled the rider but for some reason it didn't work and then I noticed it when a sharp pain hite my leg I saw a long knife stuck there with some white powder all around it. My dark jeans were soaked in my own blood but unfortunately I couldn't reach to pull the dagger out because of my restrains. Before anything else happened the huge door on the other side of the room broke open with two really creepy guys stepping into the room. The first guy had dark skin and looked like he had been in a bar brawl recently because of the huge slit going across his eye. The second guy looked to be around my age and had copper hair and a smile I guessed made you weep in fear. \"So that's the brat who slashed you.\" The copper haired one asked the guy besides him laughing only to get a slap across the head. \"The human part didn't but her other side is a hell of a bitch.\" The other guy stated trying to maintain his pride. \"I'm sure I could take you down all by myself if I wanted to.\" I remarked wishing that I didn't when the guy I apparently slashed came up to me pushing the knife farther into my leg making me hiss. \"Relax Marvin the boss needs her alive and letting her bled out here isn't going to make him happy.\" The copper hair guy remarked to the Guy called Marvin. \"Oh Marvin is it?\" I taunted. \"You think your a big honcho huh well I've met girls who are stronger than you.\" That remark got me a sharp blow to the face. \"Laugh all you want bitch, because after sunrise your ass is as good as dead, think about that.\" Marvin stated to me while he and the other guy undid the shackles on my arms. When the shackles were undid I felt myself plumiting to the ground because of my injured leg while the younger guy caught me. Before he let me go he whispered a reason in my ear. \"I'm sorry for my part in this but my mother...she's dying of terminal cancer, he promised he would save her.\" \"Jack hurry up already I want this done with so I can get my money.\" Marvin proclaimed moving me in a tight grip violently. \"I'm sorry.\" Jack whispered one more time leading me out of the room. Here wherever it was was covered in darkness you could tell that the place was filled with old buildings long since forgotten. \"She's a beauty isn't she.\" Marvin joked. \"Such a wonderful place to dye San Vaganza that is.\" Marvin looked around. \"San Vaganza.\" I whispered great another story. After awhile of walking the henchmen lead me to a big tall building that made many years of age began to show. Opening the big huge doors the men dragged me to a stop close by the old ruined steps. Before anything else happened a dark figure moved into my vision. \"Do you know who I am Allison?\" A dark but appealing voice asked looking up I stared the demon in the eye. \"Blackheart.\" Then the demon laughed. Thank you to all the people who have added me to there favorite author list because of the born rider I love you guys so much. This story is almost done expect this to be the finale warning so stay tuned The begging is about to end.[Chapter 17] \"You don't know how long I've been looking for you.\" Blackheart laughed kneeling In front of me. The Blackheart my mother used to tell me about was in his human form a man in his mid twenties, but this demon was a teenager about my age or older. When he noticed me staring he lifted my head to look into my eyes forcibly. \"Hasn't anyone ever told you not to stare.\" I could tell he was being sarcastic to me. \"My parents were to busy to ever tell me anything useful about life.\" I replied plainly. \"Oh right the parents who never loved you, you see dear Allison I know everything about you.\" Blackheart stood walking over to a pillars in the old building. \"You were born on January 29 , to parents Mark Dregman and Blaze Dregman, grandparents Roxanne and Johnny Blaze from the time you were six your parents never paid much attention to you, and for that you grew up to be a ruthless stuck up bitch.\" \"So what you know about my life it just proves your a stalker.\" I retorted meanly. Blackheart smiled at me and continued \" You see dear Alli I know something about why you are really on this earth and what you were made for, Your here to be my sacrifice so I can be the demon I was, speaking of.\" With that Blackheart motioned for the two guys holding my to carry me over to a table that lay on the steps to the higher up part of the building I recognized to be a church. After forcing me onto the table the two guys put restrains on my hands and ankles making me immobile. After that was finished I tried as hard as I could to change or get out of these bindings, but my attempts went to no avail. \"Before I kill you Allison I just wanted to say thanks for staying a virgin, I couldn't of done this if you weren't.\" Blackheart stood over me a long dagger in his hand which looked as red as blood with sprawling down the side of the knife, before anything else was said I felt the sharp pain of the knife sliding into my chest right into my heart. I could feel my life fade away as I felt the rest of my chest getting warm with as I guessed my blood, before I faded I heard a voice call my name. -'-''-'-'-'-'-; I was confused about my whereabouts just before I felt my self slipping away and next I'm standing in the middle of the church. But somehow I knew it wasn't me standing here because I saw my mother kneeling on the ground my body in her lap and my grandfather standing behind her. The other figure I saw was Mistopholes standing across from my grandfather but his gaze was locked on me. \"You weren't supposed to die.\" He growled in a demonic voice. My grandfather after hearing the demon of he'll himself looked in my direction, he looked right at me then his gaze moved looking for something else. \"What did you do?\" My mother looked To the demon her eyes stinging with tears, clearly she couldn't see me. \"I did nothing, she wasn't supposed to die.\" \"Bring her back, I know you can.\" She demanded. \"You know the price, are you willing to sacrifice your self for a child you never wanted?\" He asked lifting his eyebrow. My mother looked down at me but didn't say anything just shaking her head to say no. \"You want revenge then take it out on me, the only that I know is God will forgive me for my sacrifice.\" My grandfather looked down at my body the entire time. I watched Mistopholes smiling at me and he moved the cane he had in his hand down violently down on the ground making me feel a rush. When that was over I felt myself struggle for breath and violently breathing as if I hadn't breathed in ages. I rolled over on my stomach to see my mother besides my grandfather. \"I'll be calling on you Allison.\" Mistopholes stood besides me and with a puff of black smoke disappeared leaving me with the joy of knowing he would be calling for my help someday. -'-'-''-''-''-''-'-[Chapter 18] I'm Allison Blaze Dregman and six months ago I was normal. That's how I should put it . Considering the truth is Ill never be normal again. Maybe I never was to begin with maybe I was always cursed to be someone different someone people would cower in fear with when I was my true self at night not the girl I look like in the day time. In just six months my life was ruined to be someone I never asked to be. After the fateful night in San Vaganza I left Leaving my some called family and my warrent for arrest behind to be forgotten. I never really knew who I was and to bad for me that it would take another three years for me to figure out who exactly I was supposed to be now that my purpose had been fulfilled on this long broken road. ","Summary":" The Born Rider: Chapter 1 - Bedtime Stories All Rights Belong to the Original Owners My life used t"},{"Movie":"Dracula Untold","Title":"Forever and a Day","Author":"Winged Element","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10864811","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Hello! So, any of you who follow me are probably wondering, \"What's Winged Element doing posting something that isn't DMC and not a crossover with it?\" Well I'm going to say that I've found something else that I just can't help but write my own fanfiction to :3 To those of you who are new, hello and welcome :) Details on me and my posting habits are on my profile but this is my first fanfiction outside the realm of Devil May Cry, I just couldn't help myself… Dracula Untold was amazing and as I love writing vampires and have read the original Dracula (though I wasn't hugely fond of it, little dry for my tastes) I thought I'd give this a go. Sorry bout the long ramble, I tend to do that sometimes, I'll make up for it in the chapter :) Disclaimer: *shakes head* I know I don't know you guys very well yet but come on, really? That Voice So Soft and Sweet Bu-thump… Bu-thump… The noise echoed in his ears, throbbed in his teeth, he knew what was happening but didn't want to admit, even to himself, especially when his wife was kissing him so nicely, her fingers dug into his back and he pulled back; content for a moment just watching her. She was lovely, the way she tilted her head back, the way her pulse throbbed in her neck… he looked at it, could practically see the blood rushing through the veins… he just wanted to… he backed off the bed as quickly as he could. \"What's wrong?\" she asked \"I… need some air…\" Vlad opened his eyes and saw the ceiling above him, his mind filled with images of Mirena, the day they had married, when she held Ingeres for the first time, and even in her next life when she had viewed him as a monster and he'd been pushed as closer to a true death than he'd ever been. Far closer than even that day in the sun when he'd watched his son get dragged to safety. He checked in on his decedents from time to time, it gave him something to do, something to occupy his time every ten years or so. It would have to be tonight… he would have to feed tonight… He had come to hate doing so, every time he did, he couldn't help but be reminded of that moment, that time so many many years ago that Mirena had died in his arms. And he was the one that pulled the last little bit of lifeblood from her veins… worse yet was the fact that he enjoyed it… no matter how much time passed, how much he tried to drown the past in blood, that moment still came back to him when he drank, when he killed a victim… that image of his wife's body, lifeless because of him would haunt him for the rest of his days… The former prince shook his head, forcing his thoughts back to the present, the sun was still high in the sky, not that it was unusual for him to have fitful sleep, but as the years had passed the effects of the sun had waned, now it was more of an irritation than anything else, he avoided it if possible, simply for comforts sake but he could walk through a patch of sunlight without getting lit up like a torch. He looked up to the ceiling and touched his forehead in a quick prayer for the day, some habits died hard… He dressed himself and made a cup of coffee, human food did little for him but the robust smell and warmth of the drink was pleasant, not nearly as much as it was back in the day. He wished that people still knew how to make a good brew, some local bakeries weren't bad but still… He'd told Mehmed once that the only thing he missed from his childhood was the coffee, that hadn't been a lie. He grabbed the cup and took a sip, his lip curling at the weak taste in comparison to his memories, despite those very memories being hundreds of years old. Mug in hand the vampire sat down at his laptop and waited patiently for the thing to boot up. Technology was a fascinating thing and something that Vlad tried to keep up on, but damn if it was hard, it was changing so fast. Once the internet was up and running he started checking his stocks and started his work for the day. Online work was the easiest way to keep a low profile, no one could see you or your daily actions to make judgment or question them; occasionally he'd pick up an office job or some such, just to change up the pace or for something to do but when you lived in a paid off house and didn't have to pay for food and didn't use the lights the cost of living was fairly inexpensive. Vlad tipped the mug back only to realize it was empty, today was just dull, dragging on and he'd only just gotten up. He looked outside, it was a pleasant shade of overcast and the sun was just beginning to go past its peak. Perhaps he'd make a trip downtown and see what was going on. -Forever and a Day- It was a fine day for a walk, the streets were bustling and despite the lack of sunshine the people seemed to be in a good mood, at least for citygoers, Vlad had long since become accustomed to the rudeness of city-folk but that didn't stop him from enjoying his own day though, he'd do his work tonight after a… well after getting a drink. He had just decided to head toward the extensive library and see if anything there tickled his fancy when he heard it… that voice… that voice so soft and sweet, exactly as he remembered… the vampire turned, hoping beyond hope… A/N: Okay… so I may have a teensy tinsey little love of cliffhangers… heheheh… please forgive me and the next chapter will be up next week? Till next time, -Winged Element[Chapter 2] A/N: I've got one chapter left to type for this week… woo… gosh I really feel like I need a nap… ugh… maybe if I work hard when I get home I can take a little one before work… maybe… anywho, I'll just start that chapter now… Guest: I typically have short chapters as I will do multiple fanfictions at a time and update them weekly (I've been busy with exams and Christmas lately) but I'm glad you do like what I have so far, thanks for the review! Disclaimer: Dracula is far too much for any one person to own… Eyes that Spoke Loneliness Mina giggled at the owner of the flower shop, he was being absurd, sure she wouldn't mind a small bouquet of flowers, they were always nice and he had probably picked her to pick on because she would frequently pass by this shop and slow to check out the wares but there was no one in her tiny apartment to enjoy them aside from her cat. \"I'm sorry sir, but really…\" she was about to continue jesting with the man before her when she heard someone say behind her. \"Beautiful.\" She turned, startled and confused, not only because someone had snuck up on her but because his voice sounded so familiar but she couldn't place where from. The owner of said voice looked at her with eyes that were filled with such loneliness that it was the first thing that she noticed. Once beyond that though, she saw a very attractive man, one that had a presence that demanded respect yet at the same time had a very warm, charismatic feel. Both seemed to realize that they were staring. \"The flowers, my lady.\" He corrected himself, nodding toward the stand. Mina barely heard the shop owner start speaking again. \"My lady?\" she asked, struck by the old term \"Where are you from?\" certainly he couldn't be from here, no one here was such a gentleman. \"A long way from here.\" He said, a small smile on his face, as though the comment were almost funny, she couldn't help but smile back. There was a pause between them that almost stretched into the territory of awkward. \"Well goodnight,\" she offered, turning, a light blush on her cheeks, prepared to meet up with her friends and tell them all about Mr. Tall Dark and Handsome that she'd just met but clearly he wasn't done with her yet as he spoke up behind her again. \"Why think of this life separately from the next when one is born from the last…\" she paused, stunned before turning back to him \"That's my favorite poem,\" she said, still surprised, what didn't surprise her is the hint of a knowing smile that graced his lips. \"It speaks to you of yearning,\" he said, taking a step forward \"of one soul pleading for another.\" \"I'm Mina,\" she managed, still taken off guard \"Vlad.\" He said, taking her hand and kissing her knuckles gently. She couldn't help the small smile that graced her lips, nor could she stop looking into his eyes, those eyes just seemed so deep… \"It's a pleasure to meet you.\" He said, breaking her out of her trance finally. She grinned again and managed to say. \"I was just headed home,\" once there she was certain the first thing she'd do would be call her friends and tell them of this adventure. \"May I walk you there?\" she nodded and started in the direction of her apartment building. Typically she'd be wary of letting a stranger know where she lived but there was just something about him that seemed so familiar… besides, she had many friends in the building that would let her know if he was creeping about. \"That vendor owner seemed quite adamant about getting you to buy something.\" Vlad said as they began walking. \"Yes, I like to stop and look often, I think he thought it was about time I bought something.\" \"That or he thought that a beautiful girl needed some beautiful flowers to complete her look.\" Mina couldn't help but laugh, he had looked so serious when he'd said it, Vlad grinned back \"I'm serious.\" He said, though she could see the mirth in his eyes. \"Of course,\" she giggled \"if he had truly thought that he wouldn't have been trying to charge me so much for them.\" \"What was he asking for?\" his brows went up, seeming honestly curious \"Way too much,\" she said \"it was absurd!\" -Forever and a Day- The walk back to apartment was no short one but it seemed so when walking home with Vlad at her side, in fact, it felt too short. Before she knew it they were at the complex entryway and she was bidding him farewell. \"Will I… see you again?\" she asked, not wanting to seem too eager, for as much as she felt like he was familiar, he was still a stranger to her. \"If you want to.\" He said before digging around in his pockets to produce a scrap of paper and a pen. He held it against the doorframe and scrawled his phone number on it before handing it back to her. \"It was nice meeting you.\" She said and he smiled and kissed her hand once more. \"Likewise.\" With that he was gone, heading back down the street and perhaps she was kidding herself but she could've sworn she heard him whistling. She looked at the paper, one side was his number, she flipped it over and saw a short list. Mina giggled as she realized the man had accidentally given her his grocery list when he was fumbling for paper. She shook her head and headed up to her apartment to text him and tell him what he was missing. A/N: So… I'm totally making a good second impression ^^; I swear I'm normally not this bad when it comes to updates, please take my word for it, I'll be better in the future ^^; Till next time, -Winged Element[Chapter 3] A/N: Here we go, I'm typing this chapter right after I finished the last one so now I can update on time for this week too! Yay! I hope you guys enjoy how this is going so far, especially because it's my first time outside of Devil May Cry's archives… yeah I might have a minor obsession with that series… if you have a playstation or xbox I recommend you play them (old ones, not the shitty reboot). Anywho, free advertising for Capcom aside, I'll start that chapter now. Disclaimer: To be honest I don't really know how the rights to Dracula go… so… yeah Drakire: don't worry! I'll keep going! Thanks for the review! A Laugh to Remember The rest of Vlad's night passed in a blissful blur, he texted with Mina for a while, a feature on his phone that he was still becoming accustomed to. He knew that if he could still blush he would've been when she first messaged him telling him that he'd accidentally given her his grocery list. He'd been in such a hurry to give her a number that he hadn't looked at the paper he'd written it on. Sure it was an embarrassment but he could tell that she was amused by the whole scenario. Not that he could blame her, he would be too if he were in her shoes. He sat back in his chair, the book in his lap all but forgotten as he went over the memories again and again. He had found his love again and she had smiled and welcomed his presence, instead of being guarded and wary as she had been in the last life upon finding out his identity. He'd forgotten how much he loved her laugh, ah her laugh… it was something that he burned into his memory once again, it was beautiful and full of life, it brought back memories of days spent on horseback, out for a picnic, of playful chases and of silly comments made about some of Transylvania's nobles. He remembered the bliss of their wedding day and when she had told him that she was expecting his first child. The vampire smiled at these memories, he was determined in this life not to mess things up again, not to be her downfall once more, this life would be filled with many more smiles and laughter than he'd ever been able to provide before, he was determined to make it so. The smile slipped slightly from his face, as he had not been unaware of the monster lurking behind them in the market place, he had disappeared shortly after they left the main streets of town but still his presence unnerved Vlad. It wasn't the first time the man had shown up, he seemed to get a kick out of showing up just long enough to remind the other vampire of his existence and then disappear, just to keep Vlad's stress levels up. He knew he'd show up and speak with him, he generally did, reminding the former prince of his promise and that someday he'd come to collect. It was something that Vlad wished would happen so that he could be free of his shackles, he didn't regret the promise, it had kept his country together in a time of need, he had wished it had gone down differently but failed to see how that really could've happened. He'd gone over the contract again and again in his mind but couldn't find a loophole, just as he'd gone over the battles that took place afterward again and again but didn't see many alternatives to what had happened, there were a few lives here and there he felt he could've saved, and perhaps he should've known that Mehmed would use a decoy but the Sultan would've found another way to trick him, the man was as clever as a serpent. Vlad shook his head, trying to rid it of the memories but it didn't make much difference at this point, ridding of them made him think of Mina which made him think of his current state of being, which of course, led his mind right back to the past and the moment he had accepted the old vampire's blood. He closed his eyes, the memory becoming as clear as day. He remembered the thick cloying taste as he swallowed the blood that would alter the course of his fate forever. The sound of the shudder the old vampire gave when he did. The effects he began feeling were immediate, he wanted to choke on the substance, and he began to feel weak, dizzy… \"What now…?\" he managed after tossing the broken skull to the side. \"Now… you die.\" The monster said walking away from him and at that moment Vlad was sure that he'd been tricked, that the monster was simply going to devour him and that his kingdom was doomed. He slipped and fell, feeling his body convulse and darkness overwhelmed his mind. He remembered the strange vision that had plagued his dream, at the time he hadn't understood it but now knew that it was a glimpse into his future, if only he had known, he would've paid more heed to the warnings it gave. The next thing he knew he was waking up in the creek the flowed away from the mountain, feeling things he never thought possible and now took as a part of everyday life. Vlad shook his head and opened his eyes, how young and foolish he'd been back then, but then again, not many got the opportunity to live for as long as he had… \"Nor will many others.\" The voice came from his balcony and Vlad shot to his feet, fangs bared at the man who had made him into the monster he was today. A/N: Dun Dun Duuuunnnnn! I like cliffhangers :3 A lot… they're my friend :3 anywho, thanks so much for reading and following me on this adventure! Till next time, -Winged Element[Chapter 4] A/N: Hey! So I'm not too happy at the moment, I just dropped my pill and couldn't find it *grumbled irritatedly* but either way, this is the last fanfiction chapter I have to type tonight and the tomorrow I have my interview to see if I'm worthy to study abroad :S I'm so nervous, it's kind of just hitting me that I very well might get to attend Nihon University this summer… O.o it's kind of mind-blowing, it shouldn't be, I have readers from all over the world so going somewhere outside the United States shouldn't seem that crazy but… it does… Disclaimer: I can't even claim having to been to Canada and I live in Michigan, what makes you think that I can claim Dracula? A Look of Fear Mina was excited to see Vlad again, this time was a date, or so that's what she told herself, they had never exactly specified what it was. They were meeting at a quaint little coffee shop that Mina had visited several times before, it was a fine place for a date, or so all of her friends had said despite her interruptions that he hadn't officially asked her out. \"He was… I don't know, it felt almost like I had known him somehow, he seemed so familiar.\" She remembered saying to a rather excited Rebecca. Jackie jumped in at that point. \"Maybe you were lovers in a past life.\" She said with waggling eyebrows, Mina laughed at the suggestion \"Right, that would explain everything,\" she giggled \"before I know it I'll be remembering our wedding and speaking some foreign language.\" \"And the two of us will kindly escort you to the loonie bin.\" Rebecca said, trying not to laugh at Mina's crazy facial expressions. \"But I do honestly think it's wonderful that you found someone, especially one who gets the lovely title of Tall Dark and Handsome.\" Jackie seemed genuinely pleased, she was always happy when Mina seemed to show any interest at all in a man, it was a rare occurrence and she would bet her right hand that it had never been this high before as her friend drifted from guy to guy, never really getting serious with any one of them. \"I might finally get to be an Aunt.\" Rebecca giggled, nudging Mina in the side, who promptly nudged back. \"Oh stop it Rebecca, we didn't talk for long, besides tomorrow's not even officially a date.\" She said, though her cheeks lit up at the idea of seeing Vlad again. \"You like him though! Oh this is so exciting! My big sis is finally showing some interest in a man!\" Mina blushed further. \"That's quite enough out of you two,\" she grumbled, picking up the dishes from dinner and depositing them in the sink. \"are you done mooching off of your neighbor now?\" the other two women simply laughed and began wishing their goodbyes as they headed out. That was all last night, now it was the next day and Mina was off to meet Vlad again, her heart fluttering more nervously than she could ever remember it doing before any real date. This was a simple meeting, why was she so nervous? She approached the coffee shop slowly, what if he didn't show? She looked at her phone, she was quite early but when she looked up again, there he was, standing as though he'd always been there waiting for her. \"Vlad!\" she said excitedly, then tried to reign in her excitement, she didn't want to scare him away with her eagerness. \"Mina,\" he grinned but she noticed something in his eyes, something that she felt she shouldn't have noticed in the eyes of someone that she had just met but… he just seemed so easy to read. \"Are you okay?\" she asked, her brows tilting upward, a brief flash of surprise crossed his face before he said \"It's not something that should worry you, I swear, it's nothing much.\" He smiled again and pulled the door to the café open for her. She grinned, trying to push the matter from her mind but something about his expression kept it nestled in the back of her thoughts… she'd ask again later. Once they were seated with their drinks Mina asked \"Did I miss anything from your list?\" Vlad paused, a sheepish look crossing his face \"No, ah… thanks though, I'm sorry that I accidentally handed it to you.\" \"It's no big deal, it gave me a very good excuse to text you right away, besides, seeing you scramble for something to write on was rather cute.\" She paused, had she really just said that? Vlad grinned, not seeming to mind the offhand compliment. Mina noticed that he hadn't touched his coffee much \"Not much of a coffee guy?\" she asked, nodding toward the mug, Vlad looked down at it, swirling it around the cup \"I just don't care for it much here.\" \"Really? This is probably my favorite shop,\" she looked around the store before back to the dark haired man before her. \"Okay then Mr. Coffee Connoisseur, where's the best coffee from?\" \"Turkey.\" He replied without missing a beat. \"Turkey? Really?\" she asked with a raised brow. He nodded, taking a sip from the mug in front of him before adding a splash of cream, stirring with a spoon. \"It was the first time I'd ever had coffee and still to this day it's the best I've ever tasted.\" He stated as though this should be obvious fact. \"The first time? That must've been a long time ago.\" Mina said, recalling the first time she'd tasted the bitter substance and become a regular drinker, it must've been early high school at the latest… \"Yes, indeed it was.\" A/N: Heheh, inside joke between Vlad and himself, heheh… anywho, all the coffee references go back to his comment to Mehmed about the only thing he missed was the coffee in case you've forgotten :) Till next time, -Winged Element[Chapter 5] A/N: Hey guys, I know it's been a while, and I'm realizing I typed this exact sentence earlier when starting Wrinkle in Time… well… okay then! Moving on! Yeah, I've been busy with school and getting all my stuff set up for Tokyo, I'm officially going now! How cool is that?! I get to study in a foreign country for about three months! You guys will get little updates through my A/Ns I'm sure ^^; I'll probably put stuff up on my Deviantart too :) Disclaimer: What kind of person do you think I am? Really I'm flattered that you think so but alas I do not own Dracula in any way shape or form. The Way She Smiles Talking with Mina in the coffee shop took the troubles from Vlad's mind and made them little more than dust in the wind. He couldn't help but smile when he was around her and her smile warmed his heart, it was the same smile that his Mirena had given him all those times all that time ago. When it came to his past he tried to be as honest as he could be, only modifying things to fit the current times. He told her that he went to a boarding school which is why he had been away from home, rather than being taken. That he had served in the military, not that he had been a child soldier who had committed what were still considered some of the worst war crimes of history. Though he didn't speak of Mirena, or Ingress, still, despite how long it had been, it hurt him to talk of them. Besides, it seemed strange to speak of Mirena when her reincarnate sat before him, of that much he was sure. \"Vlad?\" she asked, snapping the man from his thoughts, it seemed that these days, with so many years beneath his belt that he got stuck in his thoughts and memories more and more often. He blamed old age. \"I'm sorry,\" he said, looking down at his now empty mug, were he still human he would have been blushing. \"Don't worry about it, did you want to get something to eat?\" she asked, smiling softly. Still that smile was something that never changed, despite all the years… never. \"Do you?\" he asked, he could eat sure, but his body didn't need it, and certainly didn't like it. \"Oh don't be one of those guys.\" Mina said, laughing \"Those guys?\" he was honestly confused \"Y'know, those guys who always put it on the girl to decide when to eat and what.\" \"O-oh, I just didn't know if you were hungry, that's why I asked.\" She laughed at his confused expression. \"I see, you're just going to play it off, well then, because you asked, yes, I am hungry.\" \"Well then,\" Vlad stood with a grin and gestured to the café's counter. \"we best get something to eat then.\" -Forever and a Day- That evening found Vlad sitting at home, thinking back to his past, and his very recent past at that. He ran over the day he'd had with Mina over and over again, unable to help himself, it excited him to no end to be able to see her again, to hear her, to just be in her presence. Those thoughts led him back to seeing the Master again the night previous, to the words spoken between the two of them. \"The time is nearly upon us my pawn.\" \"I am nobody's pawn.\" Vlad had spat back at the man, rage fueling his actions. How dare he show up now? Right after he'd found Mirena again? \"Ah, but the darkness had long since claimed you my little prince. How long do you think things can last between you and the human woman?\" \"Don't you dare lay a hand on her!\" Vlad shouted, taking a step forward, eyes alight and fangs bared. \"Why would I do that?\" the man asked, raising a thin brow, his hair was still thin, despite centuries among the human world and in the light. Vlad growled deep in his chest, the sound so animal it had nearly startled him when he had first turned, now it was simply a part of him, like his laugh or voice. \"When it is so entertaining to see you tear things apart yourself?\" the ancient one continued, his grin was something that could only be described as evil. \"I would never hurt her.\" Vlad said adamantly, fists clenched at his sides. \"Isn't that what you said the first time?\" the vampire questioned with a deep chuckle, disappearing without a trace, leaving Vlad to question his words. And still he questioned them, to this very moment, sitting in his chair, remembering his date with Mina. \"I won't hurt her,\" he reaffirmed to himself, but even as he said this, he had his doubts, he remembered the battle all those years ago and the choice that he had had to make, to sacrifice his wife so that his people might live. Not many had and perhaps had things gone differently she would have lived but what was that saying now? The past is 20/20 and there was nothing that could be done to change it… That was why Vlad was determined to not mess things up this time around, he would protect little Mina, if it was the last thing he did. A/N: Hey guys, I know, I know, this is a really short chapter but it's better than not posting at all isn't it? And honestly at the moment I really want to go to bed, I have an early day tomorrow and my sleep schedule is still really fucked up from spring break… yeah, anyway, thanks bunches and as always Till next time, -Winged Element[Chapter 6] A/N: Hey everyone, I'm currently sitting in the Geophysics building and waiting for the Parkview bus but you know what? I don't care, I'm always typing in really weird places so whatever, I'm listening to Panic! At the Disco and trying to keep my pep cause I'm gonna need… it's St Patty's day and I'm working tonight ^^; Also my boyfriend is sitting next to me being adorably sleepy :p Disclaimer: You people! Really! No! The Way He Held Himself Mina sighed, laying back on her bed, trying to relax and wake up after a day that seemed more like a dream than reality. She couldn't believe the way that yesterday had flown by, Vlad was just such an easy person to hang around, it took practically no effort, the conversation had gone smoothly, no awkward bumps or pauses, it was like they had known each other for years rather than a couple days. The blonde remembered the way that he had looked originally though, drawn and tired and as though the weight of the world rested upon his shoulders. It bothered her that a man so young could look so… well so old. Not in physical appearance, no certainly not but definitely in his eyes, his eyes were very, very old. She had tried to get him to tell her what was wrong yesterday but to no avail, he'd changed the topic and avoided it, not that Mina felt that she had the right to demand answers from him, to be fair they had only just met. Perhaps she should text him… she thought to herself but… they had texted mildly last night and she didn't want to appear clingy. Mina sighed again and sat up, first things first she should get out of bed and putter around the house, there were so many things that she should do, she didn't have to work today and it was the perfect opportunity to tidy up her place and make sure she had groceries and laundry for the week but on the other hand… her bed looked so inviting. \"Half an hour.\" She reasoned with herself, grabbing her book from her nightstand and snuggling amongst the cozy pillows. Half an hour stretched to far more time than that and it wasn't until well into the afternoon that Mina found herself cleaning the kitchen and making sure that nothing was in her fridge that would spoil within the next few days when she found a box of strawberries that her sister had given to her a couple days prior. That was when she was struck with an idea and pulled out her phone to call Vlad. \"…Hello…?\" his voice was soft and groggy sounding with an accent that Mina hadn't noticed before. \"Did I wake you up?\" she asked, looking at the clock to see that it was well past any time that someone should be sleeping \"It's fine,\" he said, that rich accent still very much present in his voice. \"I was about to get up anyway.\" Mina laughed lightly, she was sure that that was why he was still asleep in the late afternoon. \"Well, I was wondering if you'd care to join me at my place for dinner tonight, I have a lot of food in my fridge that I can't possibly eat entirely on my own and it'd be nice if you'd join me.\" \"I'd love to but…\" \"It's fine if you can't, I just would like it.\" \"I don't know where you live. Not exactly anyway.\" Vlad cut off her conclusions and suddenly Mina felt very embarrassed of herself, she normally wasn't so flustered with guys, this was something that was exclusive to Vlad and she wasn't sure if she liked it, it certainly made her feel like a little girl again but that wasn't necessarily a good thing. \"Right…\" she said, sure that he could she was blushing from all the way over from where he was. She quickly rattled off her address, mostly the apartment number before saying that she'd see him in a couple hours. After he hung up she just sat for a moment, trying to collect herself before flying into action, making sure that everything was cleaned up and set up for when he got here. -Forever and a Day- It wasn't quite a couple hours later that Vlad showed up, now looking awake and as though he hadn't been sleeping a few scant hours earlier. Mina greeted him with a smile and invited him to join her inside. Once settled with dinner she said \"You have an accent, I didn't notice it until I called you today, you're not originally from England are you?\" Vlad blinked, surprised, he was usually very careful with his words. \"No, I'm not, I'm from Romania originally, but it's been a long time since I've been home, I thought most of my accent had faded away.\" \"I had just woken you up. Speaking of which, why were you still sleeping at that hour?\" Vlad grinned at her and she felt her cheeks slowly start to heat up. \"I had a rather trying call with one of my coworkers, I work for an online company so I'm lucky enough to be able to work from home but sometimes it causes for more problems than it fixes. I was taking a nap.\" Mina giggled \"I thought maybe you were one of those people who would sleep all hours of the day.\" The expression in Vlad's eyes at this comment was unreadable, but Mina thought she might have seen a dash of amusement in those eyes. They ate in silence for a few moments before Mina piped up again. \"You said you grew up in Romania? What was that like?\" Vlad's eyes grew hard and the blonde wondered what on earth it was that she said \"My childhood was… interesting.\" A/N: Heheh, Vlad how are you going to weasel your way out of this one? And can you keep your stories straight? Till next time, -Winged Element[Chapter 7] A/N: Hey guys, again, woo, third week in a row! I'm on a roll! Yay! I'm also super happy cause I just got done typing another chapter of Wrinkle in Time and they're headed into the start of DMC1 and for those of you who don't know my other works and don't know DMC, you have no idea what I just prattled on about… ^^; oh well! I'm going to type this chapter now! Disclaimer: I has cold, I has no motivation to write disclaimer… Her Intuition Vlad had nearly forgotten how intuitive Mina could be, it was very frustrating as well as very endearing. On one hand it showed how much attention she paid to him, even in a new life and despite not knowing him very well but at the same time Vlad didn't think he wanted to reveal the entirety of his life to her yet, she wasn't ready for a stranger that she had just met to tell her that he was an immortal vampire who had known her in past lives. \"As I told you before, I went to boarding school from a fairly early age so I didn't see my parents much, my mother passed away when I was barely a teenager, my father looked after me after that.\" \"You don't seem to speak of him as though you particularly liked him.\" Mina said with a raised brow. She then seemed to realize what she'd said \"I'm so sorry, I didn't mean…\" \"It's quite alright.\" Vlad interrupted her \"He and I didn't agree on many, many things, one of them being how I led my life. I wish things could have been different but he passed away a few years back now.\" \"I'm sorry to hear that.\" \"Don't feel too bad, it was his time, he was old.\" Vlad couldn't help but think back to the moment that he had impaled the man, seeing the surprise on his face, the horror that his own son would be his death, just when all of eternity had stretched before him as well. \"Still…\" the vampire waved his hand as if pushing the conversation to the side. \"Let's get off of such dreary topics, what about your family, are they from around here?\" \"Yes, actually, they are, well not here exactly, they have a small house in the country.\" \"They must be lovely,\" Vlad said with a grin, Mina laughed \"They would love to hear you say that, no actually they keep pestering me about finding the right man because they've finally accepted the fact that my sister isn't going to be giving them any grandchildren.\" \"And why is that?\" \"My sister lives with her girlfriend across the hall, it came as quite the surprise to all of us when my best friend and my sister started dating, even themselves I think.\" The Romanian laughed, he could see the situation playing out in his head. \"Why doesn't that mean they couldn't have children though?\" he asked in all seriousness, \"There's all kinds of options out there.\" Mina nodded, still smiling at her memories of her sister and best friend awkwardly coming out to them. \"I think when my parents think about having grandchildren they mean being with one of us just after giving birth and holding a newborn in their arms again. Don't get me wrong they would love an adopted child to death and he or she would be just as much a part of the family but that's definitely a long way down the road for my sister and they just want…\" \"A grandchild of their own.\" Vlad remembered his father's eyes when Ingeras had been born and his heart sank at the thought that he would never get to have that feeling for himself. \"Yeah…\" \"So you have a sister?\" he asked, mostly to keep his own mind from the topic of his immortality. \"I do, her name is Rebecca and trust me, she's quite the goofball, I'm actually surprised that she hasn't stopped by for some reason or another yet, she does that a lot…\" \"You two are close.\" Vlad said with a grin \"Yes, I feel pretty lucky, she and I have a lot of common ground, that and I don't have to worry about her stealing my dates.\" She giggled and Vlad couldn't help but stare a little bit, even when she quit giggling and noticed his stare. Oh how he had missed her. He reached out a hand and put it on her cheek, he could hear her heartbeat increase rapidly at the gesture and her breath quickened. He leaned forward, slowly, a bit hesitant, it had been so very long since he'd felt her lips on his… She was the one that closed the gap, their lips connected for a moment before they parted, looking into each other's eyes. Her pupils were dilated hugely and he couldn't help but remember that same look on their wedding night. \"Oh I've missed you my angel…\" he whispered, about to kiss her again when there came a knock at the door. \"Dammit…\" Mina groaned, hanging her head \"speak of the devil…\" she sighed and stood to answer the door, leaving Vlad realizing the mistake that he'd spoken aloud and praying that she hadn't heard his words. \"Hey Rebecca,\" she said and Vlad stood to see the person standing in the doorway. She looked a lot like Mina, though shorter and a little stockier, her hair just as short and spiked up crazily. He saw her glance between the two of them. \"I'm not interrupting anything am I?\" she wiggled her eyebrows in such a goofy way that Vlad couldn't help the snicker that escaped his throat. \"…no…\" A/N: Slightly awkward place to leave off but hey, whatever, I had a lot of fun writing this chapter :) And I apologize for the interruption to their moment but… it was just begging to happen, I couldn't help myself… Till next time, -Winged Element[Chapter 8] A/N: Hey guys, typing on the bus again… here we go. Ugh, I have so much shit to do today, it's absolutely insane… circuits and chem and physics and more circuits and more chem cause labs… but I can't do much about those here on the bus as 90 percent of them are online so I'm going to have a few relaxing minutes and type some fanfiction. *nods* yup. Disclaimer: Did I do one of these yesterday? Hmm… I don't remember and I forgot to look while I was poking about last chapter… oh well. I hope you guys get it now. Pam: I liked writing that moment quite a bit too, I wish Rebecca didn't have to show up either :p Thanks for the review! His Secrets To say that Mina was disappointed that her sister showed up at that exact moment would be a huge understatement, she was about ready to conk her sister on the head and turn her back out the door but she couldn't do that, especially now that Vlad was looking curiously at Rebecca from over her shoulder. \"Hey Rebecca, this is Vlad, the guy I was telling you about.\" Mina said, sounding embarrassed and mildly irritated at the same time. \"Hmm…\" Rebecca stepped into the room, around her sister and walked around Vlad, eyeing him up and down. Vlad watched her, and Mina couldn't help but smile at the exchange, they just looked so absurd. \"Hmm.\" Rebecca said again, stepping back and tilting her head. \"I approve.\" She nodded, turning to her sister who simple raised a brow. \"Do you?\" Mina asked with a sly grin. \"You weren't kidding about the tall dark and handsome bit. Damn! If I weren't a skirt chaser I'd be after a piece of that myself!\" Mina blushed furiously at her words, why on earth did her sister have to have such a big mouth?! Vlad simply raised a brow and grinned, Mina could tell he was on the verge of laughing but didn't want to appear rude. Rebecca walked up to Vlad and offered a hand. \"I'm Rebecca by the way.\" She said \"Vlad.\" He took her hand with a smile. That smile made Mina think back to a few moments before when they had shared their first kiss. And what a kiss it had been… It was something that she would like to continue should her sister leave in a reasonable amount of time. These thoughts led back to what he had said just afterward, it had been little more than a whisper, but passionate and loving. What exactly had he meant by that? Her sister addressing her pulled her away from such thoughts though and she didn't have any more time to dwell on it until she left some time later that night. \"Thanks so much Mina, and you too Vlad! I hope that we'll see you two for dinner on Thursday?\" \"Of course.\" Vlad said with a smile and the younger sister grinned cheekily \"You two try to stay out of trouble now.\" She winked and closed the door behind her, leaving the pair alone once more. \"I'm sorry about that.\" Mina said with a sigh. \"Don't worry, she seems nice and her intentions are good, even if she is a little up front about things.\" Mina laughed at the almost embarrassed look on Vlad's face. \"Yeah, she's always been like that, it grows on you though.\" Vlad chuckled and shook his head, leaning back on the couch. Mina was once again struck by how attractive he was, it was borderline ridiculous and she couldn't help but lean forward and run a hand down his cheek, just to make sure that he was real. She could feel the beginnings of rough stubble rub her hand as he turned his head, placing a hand over hers. \"I see I'm not the only one who's missing what we started earlier.\" He said with a grin. Mina frowned slightly at his words. \"Yeah, speaking of that… what did you mean, you miss me?\" Vlad paused \"I… I'm not sure, sometimes I say things, and they don't always mean anything.\" Mina could tell that he was lying, how, she wasn't really sure but it definitely wasn't the truth. She had seen the honesty in his eyes when he'd told her that he'd missed her and could practically feel the pain behind his words. \"Those ones definitely meant something.\" She said, curious as to what this man was hiding. She had to remind herself that she'd only met him a few days ago. It wasn't as if they were an official couple or even remotely close right now. He was bound to have secrets and she barely knew him, there had to be some that he wasn't ready to share but at the same time she couldn't help but push a little bit. \"Perhaps their meaning is meant to evade you for a bit.\" He said, his eyes dark. They held such mystery, those dark eyes. Mina couldn't wait to unlock the secrets that they held. \"Perhaps…\" she repeated before looking at the clock. \"Oh wow! I didn't realize how late it's gotten.\" Vlad looked up as well \"Do you need me to leave?\" he asked \"No! No, I was just surprised, that's all.\" She said, but Vlad seemed to sense the urgency that had spread in her mind. \"I'll take my leave, I'm busy tomorrow, but I will see you the day after if you aren't busy?\" he asked \"Yeah, that works for me.\" Mina said, standing as her guest did and walking to the door. \"Well until we meet again,\" he said, lifting her hand and pressing his lips gently to her knuckles before turning and walking out the door. When it closed Mina let out a breath she didn't realize she was holding. What a man… she thought to herself, shaking her head and running a hand through her hair. A/N: I don't know why but that chapter felt awfully awkward… what do you guys think? Either way, Till next time, -Winged Element[Chapter 9] A/N: I only have a few minutes to get this started here this morning but I'm gonna start now and keep going on the bus on the way to class today. It gives me something to do at the very least. At the moment, I'm sitting with a bit of a dilemma, I have two exams and a test next week but I also have tickets for Midwest Media Expo this weekend, I'm not sure if I should go or I should stay home so I can study… Either way, this chapter won't be posted until it's all over so… *sighs* I'm going to shut up and type some fanfiction now… Disclaimer: Still not cool enough to own Dracula, never will be, sorry A Kiss so Familiar Vlad sighed upon returning home, the dinner with Rebecca and Jessica had been lovely but the vampire wasn't accustomed to having such interactions with people anymore, let alone on such a regular basis. This was the second time that he'd eaten with the young couple with Mina and the second time was just as pleasant as the first. Rebecca was a little bit… well forward and Vlad couldn't help but be entertained by her comments and the way that Mina blushed at them. They had been dating for only a short while now, granted it had taken him a couple weeks to work up the courage to ask her out. It didn't matter that he was hundreds of years old, asking girls out didn't get any easier and he was sure that it never would. The vampire smiled and pressed a couple fingers to his lips, remembering the feel of hers on his, her kiss was so similar, so familiar yet slightly different and Vlad could feel himself falling in love with her all over again. His stomach flipped and turned and he winced, he could eat human food, sure but too much of it was never a good thing. He had planned on feeding tonight but now, now he wasn't so sure that it was a good idea, just like with any human being, it wasn't a good idea to eat when your stomach was upset. He sighed and sat down on his couch, running his hands through his hair and taking a deep breath when his stomach turned again. He wasn't so oblivious to not notice the presence in his room. \"Leave me alone.\" He growled, sitting up to see the Master standing there, looking smug and full of himself, just as always. Even when he'd met the monster for the first time within the cave on Broken Tooth mountain, he'd still been pompous and full of himself in a way that the former prince couldn't believe for a monster confined to a single cave. \"Are you having fun playing at being human?\" he asked with a sneer. It reminded Vlad of the rabid wolves of his homeland, crazy and viscous. \"What do you want?\" he tried. Gritting his teeth while trying to appear menacing in front of the man who'd made him into the monster that he was today. \"Haven't you learned little prince? History will inevitably repeat itself, you will destroy her and any chance she had at a normal life.\" \"History will only repeat itself for fools who do not learn from the past.\" The younger vampire growled. He would make things right this time around for Mina, he'd sworn it before and he'd do it again, a million times over, he didn't think his heart could take losing her again, not this time… \"Who's to say that you aren't a fool?\" the Master said and Vlad snarled, baring his fangs. The Master merely grinned and said \"I look forward to seeing you make your moves.\" With that he was gone, Vlad let out a low growl \"Damn bastard…\" His phone rang, pulling him from his thoughts of ripping the ancient's throat out in rage and relishing in the bloodshed. \"Hello?\" he was still seething, not having bothered looking at the caller id before answering and didn't think about the anger still thick in his voice. \"Vlad?\" Mina sounded surprised and the former prince nearly cursed, he needed to get control of himself, the Master showing up again didn't mean anything, the older vampire was just messing with his mind, it wasn't anything to get worked up over. The monster had a habit of showing up whenever Vlad was sure happiness was within his grasp. \"I'm sorry.\" He said quickly, he could practically see the confused and surprised expression on her face. \"It's quite alright, I just wanted to tell you that you left the leftovers that Rebecca grabbed for you over here.\" The vampire sighed, he was hoping that it wouldn't be noticed, he would've felt bad just throwing them away… \"Right, I'm sorry, I'll get them from you next time I see you.\" He said \"If I don't eat them first.\" She teased and Vlad grinned, she always knew what to say to make him feel better. \"I'm sorry I left in such a hurry, my stomach felt a little unsettled.\" The vampire explained truthfully. \"I knew I should've told Rebecca to not try that new dessert out, she never was very good with desserts...\" Mina muttered, mostly to herself. \"No, no, it's not her fault.\" Vlad reassured the young woman. \"My stomach can be… picky, about what I eat.\" He said hesitantly. His thirst was acting up in tiny flares but the churning of his stomach quickly squashed those desires. \"You poor delicate flower.\" Mina said, sarcasm oozing behind her words. Vlad chuckled, if only she knew… \"That's me,\" he said, shaking his head. If only she knew… A/N: Hey! One thing done! Only a shitton of stuff left to do! But I'm making progress! Sorry about the slight shortness, it was just a really really nice place to leave off and so that's what I did. Anywho as always, Till next time, -Winged Element[Chapter 10] A/N: Hey everybody, I know it's been a really really long time, this is in fact the longest I have ever gone without updating a fanfiction. I mostly just have excuses but I feel that they're pretty good excuses as I was living on the other side of the world, learning a new language and experiencing a different culture. Aka, I was living in Tokyo, Japan. I intend to put stuff on Deviantart eventually but that time is not now, got a bit too much going on as is. Either way, I'll reply to reviews then shut up and get on with this whole thing. Disclaimer: I own a copy of Dracula? Mndbndr: Sorry for the lateness! I like their conversations too, they're fun to write :) Thanks for the review! Liz Villa: Sorry for the lateness! Hahaha, I'm probably good at it because I'm an engineer, I am sooooo familiar with awkward. And no, I can't imagine it gets easier :p Thanks for the review! Karasu: I am sooo sorry for how late this is! I'm glad you like it though! Usually the short chapters are so I can update more frequently but well… see above. At least I'm writing more now? Thanks for the review! A Look of Doubt Mina shook her head as she got off the phone, she liked Vlad, perhaps even loved him, a small part of her mind conceded, but there were certainly things about him that had her questioning what he was hiding, he always seemed to dodge away from deeper questions about himself. Though some of them she noticed, he had no problem answering, what his biggest fear was, for example, he had answered that with no hesitation. But if she asked further into his childhood, his family, past lovers, he clammed up immediately. She wouldn't even have noticed him doing so if it weren't for the fact that for whatever reason, he was like an open book to her. She could tell what every twitch of his face, every inflection of his voice meant, and every time one of those questions came up he would dodge it, the corners of his eyes turning down though he would turn the conversation with a smile. She didn't get it, what was so hard to answer about his childhood or if he'd ever had any girlfriends before? The young blonde sighed, shaking her head once more. Maybe it was just an odd quirk of his to not want to talk about his family or past, she certainly had enough quirks of her own. \"He certainly dodged out quickly, is everything okay?\" Rebecca asked from her couch, Mina nearly jumped out of her skin. She hadn't realized that her sister had snuck in, Rebecca just laughed at her reaction \"I didn't mean to scare you.\" She said quickly as Mina regained her breath. The blonde let out a small chuckle. \"It's fine, I just didn't know that you came back in, how long have you been there?\" she asked, walking over and joining her sister on the couch. \"Long enough to hear you say I suck at making desserts.\" The brunette teased, pushing her sister in the shoulder, Mina laughed then \"I'm sorry, I was being honest, most of the time when you experiment with desserts it doesn't end well for anyone involved.\" Rebecca grinned back at the older of the two \"That's fair enough. Is Vlad okay though? He did leave awfully quickly there after dinner.\" \"He's fine,\" Mina assured, thinking back on their conversation \"his stomach is just a little upset.\" \"Well wish him the best from me, I hope he isn't coming down with anything.\" \"Me too, and don't worry, I will.\" She said \"Where's Jess?\" from there conversation just picked up its normal flow and banter and the two sisters carried on. -Forever and a Day- The following day Mina was walking out of the theater with Vlad and they were chuckling about the antics of the movie \"And when he said he had to go back for the…\" Mina couldn't finish her statement, she trailed off into giggles. Vlad was also grinning from ear to ear \"That might've been my favorite part.\" He said, shaking his head at the same time. \"Mine was definitely the bit with the driving range.\" Mina said, still giggling, the memory itself causing her to laugh more. When she finally collected herself enough she said \"Aw man, my cheeks hurt from smiling so much, I don't think I've laughed that hard in ages.\" \"I don't think I have either.\" Vlad chuckled, the young blonde looked at her partner, she liked it when Vlad laughed, it made him look younger somehow. He certainly wasn't old, but something in his eyes, some depth to them made him look like he had seen the rise and fall of an age. \"Do you want to come back to my place?\" she asked, the sun was just starting to dip below the horizon from its hiding place behind the clouds. \"I wish I could but I have… other matters to attend to.\" His hesitation caused her to raise a brow \"At this time of night?\" Mina knew she should just let it drop, that he had no reason to deceive her but she couldn't help but doubt his words, something in the way he said it. \"Yes, I have to do a video conference with a coworker from Tokyo, the time difference makes things tough.\" He explained quickly and she immediately felt bad for asking, it made her seem so… pushy. \"Ah.\" She managed, unsure of what else to say. Vlad smiled softly at her \"But tomorrow evening you could come to my place.\" He volunteered, Mina looked at him, she had yet to be to Vlad's home \"That would be wonderful.\" A/N: I know, I know, this chapter is a lot of filler, but I like alternating POV from chapter to chapter and it was Mina's turn so… also, starting to set up for something big :) super stoked :3 Till next time, -Winged Element[Chapter 11] A/N: Couple weeks off but I'm back, I had Youma and con fever's got me bad, I just wanna go back… can it be Midwest Media Expo yet? *sighs* ugh… it's just so much better than doing homework all the time… which is what I do… that and work… but I do potentially have a co-op with Denso coming up *fingers crossed* Disclaimer: I have none. A Thirst that Bites Vlad took a deep breath when he closed the door behind himself, it had been a long time since he'd abstained for so long… he'd just been so busy… he smiled to himself and shook his head, he was acting like a lovestruck fool. It made him feel young again, he hadn't realized how much he'd missed this feeling until Mina had shown up again. The last time had been filled with pain and loss and hurt and her fear but now… now was much like the first time that they had met, when their days had consisted of picnics and horseback rides through the cold Wallachian countryside and bright warm laughter. Oh how she had warmed his cold heart, at that time he had been a broken man, a warrior with nothing left to fight, a man who had committed atrocities to save the majority. And she… she had helped him heal… Now she did much the same thing, saving him from the pain of eternity… Though at the moment the cold burn in his chest reminded him of that very eternity, calling on his more bestial nature, the monster that lurked behind the face of a prince. Vlad growled deep in his throat, pulling off his nice shirt rather violently, almost nulling the point of changing it by nearly tearing it and pulling on an old sweatshirt, nothing that would cause him to stand out should he be spotted… not that he intended to be, he grinned evily and opened the window, disappearing with a flutter of tiny wings. It was always strange to be in this form but the former prince rather enjoyed it. The feeling of the air rushing over his wings a hundred times over, seeing from several hundred points of view rather than one. His thoughts were scattered but simple, things were uncomplicated to a bat. He came upon his intended target quickly, an old abandoned house, left in mid-construction for unknown reasons. Vlad had been scouting this place, living in a big city he had to be careful about his kills, meticulous about covering his tracks and he knew that there were a couple of heroin addicts currently squatting here. They were easy prey but the vampire had some pent up energy, the lack of kills made him antsy, he wanted them to be afraid… he came down in the overgrown lawn but on four legs instead of two… and lifted his head to the stars, letting out a long howl, alerting his fellow predators of his hunt. Sharp ear picked up the yips of a couple of mangy street foxes and a bark or two of a local dog that had avoided the pound. In addition the startled surprise of his prey waking. \"Shit was that a wolf?!\"he heard one voice say, there was a couple of thuds and another voice \"Dipshit, there's no wolves in London.\" Vlad yipped and whined, intent on playing with his food, his maw relaxing into a wolfish grin as several bangs emanated from the house and head poked from between a tear in the tarp a flashlight clicking on in his direction. The vampire faced the light for a moment before vanishing into the gathering fog with a flurry of wings. \"Fuck!\" he heard from behind him as he materialized within the building, he grinned, feeling more monster than man at the moment as he walked over the support beams running the ceiling, his weight causing them to creak ominously. The flashlight beam swung up to illuminate the rafters and he floated away into the mist, the smell of fear striking the air and fueling his hunger. The vampire's form stepped out from the fog behind the two humans this time, letting out a low growl, his sharp eyes picking up the hairs on the back of their scrawny necks sticking up as their instincts set off blaring alarms in their heads. One of them froze and the other slowly turned around, coming face to face with a monster he had been lead to believe was the stuff of fairy tales. He screamed, the sound jolting his friend from his frozen state as he tried to bolt, Vlad grabbed him by the throat, his silence now scaring the men far more than the growl had before, the man was screaming and pleading for his life, squirming in the former prince's grip. \"Silence,\" the vampire whispered and the man did just that, caught in the gaze of a monster \"Stand. Stand and watch.\" Vlad commanded, enjoying the thrill of seeing the fear in the man's eyes as he realized that he couldn't refuse. The monster turned to face the other who was slowly backing away, trembling and pupils nearly eclipsing his irises as adrenaline pumped through his system as fast as his human heart could manage. \"What…what did you do to him…?\" the man choked out, Vlad grinned again, baring his hungry fangs \"I gave him a suggestion.\" He said, matching the man step for step as he backed up until he started to trip, turning and trying to run. The monster snarled in delight, pouncing on the man and tearing into the tender flesh of the man's neck. It was over in a flash and the vampire stood, blood that had escaped his mouth dripping off his chin and onto the ground with wet splats. He could hear the man behind him whimpering as he turned to face him. His steps were slow as he approached the man, allowing him to stare his death in its face, a monster by every definition of the word. He snarled inches from the man's face, flecks of blood and saliva spattering his cheeks as he remained glued to the spot. Vlad's eyes met the man's and he grinned, the predator delighting in the fear that filled them. \"Run.\" A/N: Oh god… I haven't had this much fun with a chapter since Family of Happenstance… shiiiitt… god I'm a bit messed up huh? ^^; Next chapter is probably gonna be from Vlad's point of view too, cause I want to and I'm the writer and I can do what I want :p Man though this has my own adrenalin pumping Till next time, -Winged Element[Chapter 12] A/N: Hey guys, another day another chapter right? I'm currently sitting in electromagnetic fields but… hey, I'm kinda listening okay? Disclaimer: Still no, yet again, big surprise Maizeee: Hahahaha, I just got your review as I started this, the chapter will be up next week, that's just how I roll :p I'm glad you liked the chapter though :) Thanks for the review! Haunting Enemy Vlad blinked, realizing that he was standing inside his home, coming down from the high of the hunt, from running off of adrenaline and instinct. He looked at his hands, still covered in the blood of his kill. Sometimes he expected to feel something when seeing proof of the monster he'd become but still, still it was just as when he'd been a soldier, nothing. Just… nothing. Occasionally there would be a pang of sadness for the lives lost but they were never anyone who would be missed by the rest of human society, others would fall and take their place, they always would. The former prince sighed and shook his head, there was no use in mourning them or his lost humanity. He went to his sink, trying to wash the worst of the mess from his hands as to not get it all over his house, it didn't always work but it helped, he needed to clean up before Mina visited the next day regardless. Once showered and feeling refreshed Vlad knew that he should be going to bed but the night still felt young, he felt alive, full of energy. He sighed and sat back in one of the many lounges in his rather expansive library, pulling an old book from the shelf, it was one he had read before but it had been a long time and it was an enjoyable read. Quickly he found himself enthralled with the story captured within the pages and the hours passed steadily. Finally the thrill of fresh blood began to wear off and the vampire found his eyes drooping. -Forever and a Day- He was unsure of when he had actually fallen asleep but Vlad was certain that he had closed the window before he had, so why he could smell the freshly cut grass outside was a complete mystery. The vampire wrinkled his nose as he shifted and opened his eyes, he could tell that the sun was still setting, it was far too bright in the room for it not to be. \"Finally awake my young prince?\" the voice was cold, but beneath the cold was a teasing, taunting tone. Immediately Vlad was perfectly alert, any trace of sleepiness completely gone. \"What are you doing here?\" the younger vampire growled, sitting up straight and facing the ancient man in front of him. \"Am I not allowed to continue to check up on my fledgling?\" he asked, his glossy blue eyes unfeeling and empty, not fazed by Vlad, not that the former prince expected him to be. \"You have more than I, I know you do.\" He said, gripping the sides of his chair tightly, trying not to damage it and failing as the wood creaked and cracked beneath his fingers. \"But you were the first, you were the one that freed me, you are the one that owes me.\" \"I owe you nothing.\" \"Oh but you do, for without me your family, your country would've fallen…\" \"I lost my family all the same.\" Vlad snapped, standing now, fangs bared at the monster before him. \"And by your own hand no less,\" the master vampire grinned, enjoying the torment he inflicted upon his fledgling. He leaned forward, eyes alight now with excitement. \"the time is almost upon us my fledgling.\" The former prince snarled and struck out at the older vampire who caught the blow with ease and flung Vlad around, pinning him to the wall by his throat. \"You do not threaten me, you are a pawn, a mere child of darkness, know your place.\" Vlad growled and continued to struggle against the other man who merely smirked and dug his claws into the fledgling's throat. Vlad choked as blood unexpectedly began to fill his throat, there was a burst of burning fiery pain in his stomach and then the master vampire was gone. He collapsed to the ground, coughing and gagging before sagging forward and deciding that closing his eyes for a few minutes while he healed was a good idea… -Forever and a Day- The next thing that the former prince knew someone was calling his name and touching his shoulder. He opened his eyes blearily, the past events coming back slowly. Mina was kneeling above him, fear and panic clear in her eyes. \"Vlad!\" he blinked, everything coming into better focus, his injuries gone but the blood remained, soaked into the floorboards and rugs, he felt groggy and disoriented, not that he should feel any different after having a hole poked through his stomach. Suddenly the severity of the situation sank in; Mina was here. He sat up suddenly, the woman beside him jumping back in surprise. \"Mina!\" he said, she looked scared but physically fine \"Vlad what happened, are you alright, I was about to call for an ambulance.\" She said, he noticed the phone in her hand. \"No, I'm fine, you don't need to do that.\" He said quickly, hospitals were a bad idea… he avoided them like the plague. \"But all the blood… what happened?\" she whispered, looking at the floor around them. Vlad wracked his brain for an answer \"I must've tripped,\" he said, eyes catching on the china cabinet in the corner, \"I was going to have a glass of wine while I read.\" He nearly gave up when her expression twisted into one of disappointment. \"Hmm…\" was all she said, she didn't believe him, he could see it on her face but it would have to do for now. He couldn't bear to tell her the truth and see her turn away in fear. A/N: Okay so not the greatest place to stop but I have to study now ^^; so yeah, hope you guys enjoyed! Till next time, -Winged Element[Chapter 13] A/N: One chapter down, two to go right? My class got out early and now I have a bunch of time before my next one :3 This pleases me. So now I'm sitting in my boyfriend's graphics lab, cause I'm a good girlfriend and picked up coffee on the way to the Parkview campus and now I'm gonna type some more fanfiction :3 Disclaimer: I'm sitting on an engineering campus… engineering… Broken Trust Mina didn't believe him, not for one moment, the liquid on the floor was most certainly blood, the metallic smell in the room proved it but here he was, saying it was wine. She wasn't angry, just disappointed, what had happened that he didn't trust her to tell her what it was? When she had first set foot in the library, she had thought that Vlad was dead, there had just been so much blood. But now that he was upright and watching her warily she could see that there wasn't a scratch on him, though it was a little hard to tell with the blood clinging to his clothes. She sighed and the tiny twitch of his cheek didn't go unnoticed by her, it was like he thought she was going to reprimand him. \"Are you okay?\" she asked, she knew that he was like a vault when it came to things he didn't want to share, she'd have to be careful with this one but she couldn't just let this sit anymore. \"I'm fine.\" He said quietly, a hand going to his stomach which the blonde just noticed was bare, a large hole torn through his shirt. \"I suppose that happened when you fell too?\" she asked flatly, she wasn't going to push for the truth but she sure as hell wasn't going to let him think that she believed his bull. \"Yes.\" He said rather meekly. She sighed again and stood, looking at her nice pants which now had blood soaking into the knees. Vlad followed her gaze. \"Ah… yes, um, I'll get you something to wear, I'll put them in the wash, that is, if that's okay?\" there was that strange hint of an accent in his voice again, deep and smooth, Romanian, she recalled he said and she wondered if that were true. The current situation had her doubting many things that this mysterious man had told her. \"That's fine.\" She said, looking anywhere but in his eyes, she felt slightly betrayed and she could practically see the kicked puppy look in his eyes, she knew it was there, she didn't know how but she knew. It's like she knew this man like the back of her hand but he was a complete stranger at the same time. \"I… I'll be right back.\" -Forever and a Day- It wasn't long before Vlad returned, Mina had attempted to begin cleaning up the mess in the library while he was gone, at least as best she could with what she could find. \"Oh! Don't worry too much about it, I got it,\" Vlad's hand caught hers and Mina nearly jumped out of her skin, she hadn't heard him come in. \"Sorry,\" he apologized, releasing her arm. \"I'm light on my feet.\" He said with a small grin, as though it were part of an elaborate joke. \"It's fine, I figured I better start cleaning it up before it completely stained the floorboards.\" \"I got it, there's a bathroom on the second floor, first door from the staircase, stairs are over there,\" he pointed and set a small pile of fabric into Mina's arms. She blinked at him and then looked in the direction he was pointing. \"Are you sure?\" \"It's my mess, I'll take care of it, it'll be gone by the time you come back.\" She gave him a flat look of disbelief until he turned her by her shoulders. \"Go, I've got this.\" She glanced over her shoulder once before sighing and heading up to the bathroom. Once there she decided that a full blown shower was probably better than trying to spot clean the blood from her knees and hands. The blonde looked sadly at her shoes, they were probably ruined at this point, beyond repair and saving… she sighed again and pulled her stained clothes off and stepping into the warm spray of the shower. Mina washed herself quickly and grabbed the clothes that Vlad had gotten for her, she had expected a pair of sweatpants that would be too big and a t-shirt. The soft gown that unfolded in her hands was definitely beyond what she thought, it was beautiful, and old. It must've been sitting in a wardrobe for years, as it had soaked up the smell of the wood, it was a pleasant, rich smell and the young woman couldn't help but holding it up to her nose and taking a deep breath before slipping it over her head. To her surprise it fit her perfectly and if it weren't for the obvious age she would've thought that it was bought specifically for her. She looked in the mirror and almost didn't recognize herself, she felt that this was too much, too good for her to be wearing. Why did Vlad have something like this? It was just another mystery added to the man… She went back down to the library and was shocked to find it spotless, as though nothing had ever happened, Vlad sat in a comfortable looking chair, looking cleaned up himself, reading a book. \"Finally do-…\" his tease trailed off mid word as he looked up at her, and the blonde could've sworn she saw the sparkle of tears in his eyes. He quickly closed his mouth and Mina decided that whoever this dress belonged to must've been very important to him to warrant a reaction like that. She cleared her throat softly and broke eye contact \"Where do you want me to put my dirty clothes?\" she asked \"I-I'll just take them.\" Vlad took the clothes swiftly and started to leave the room. \"Vlad?\" Mina called and the man turned around, looking at her curiously \"Who did this dress belong to?\" she asked and he smiled softly. \"Someone very dear to my heart.\" His eyes had a distant look to them \"What happened to her?\" \"She died… a long time ago.\" A/N: Aww, poor Vlad…. :( Till next time, -Winged Element[Chapter 14] A/N: Hey, I'm back! Disclaimer: Hahahahahah yeah right. Memories of Old Vlad's heart panged as he took the clothes to the laundry room, she had looked exactly as she had all those years ago, telling him that she loved him, sharing her world with his, it hurt to think back on as those times had ended so abruptly, he had given up his life to save his people and she had sacrificed hers so that he could. The vampire felt his throat close up as he remembered that moment, that one tiny moment that he had realized that he had no choice, that there was no other option, that he had to do it, had to kill the woman he loved. He hated himself for not being faster, stronger, able to protect her, in the end he had been too late, his anger had blinded him and he had lost her because of it. The former prince took a deep breath, trying to calm himself as he looked down at the clothes in his hands, that was a long time ago, he should be focused on the woman who was here with him now, his Mina, all over again. Time had given him the opportunity to fix his mistakes, not just once but twice now. He wouldn't mess it up this time. He started the washer and sighed, turning and heading back to the library, he was sure that Mina wasn't going to let this go so easily, he could tell that she didn't believe him when it came to what had happened and he wasn't sure what to do about it, it wasn't like he could tell her the truth… The former prince sighed and shook his head, might as well face the consequences of his decisions… he headed back into the library to find Mina looking at the vast amount of books he had lining the shelves. He couldn't help but smile, she hadn't noticed him yet, too caught up in the vast amount of knowledge that surrounded her, she looked just like Mirena in that moment, curious and eager to learn. He cleared his throat lightly and she jumped, turning around, cheeks flushed red as he startled her for the second time that evening. \"Your clothes are in the wash now…\" he trailed off, unsure of what to say, there was this sort of disconnect that had arisen with his lies, it was unavoidable, that much he knew but still… it hurt. \"Did you have any plans for tonight?\" she asked, breaking the silence rather awkwardly. Vlad smiled sheepishly and shook his head \"I didn't get around to it, I just wanted to spend time with you. Are you hungry? I could cook something, or we could order something…\" \"You can cook?\" she asked and he grinned, he'd been alive for at least half a millennia now of course he could cook. He nodded and took her hand, pulling her gently toward the kitchen. Once there he opened up the fridge, looking around at it's rather meager content, he hadn't anticipated cooking a full dinner for anyone and therefore hadn't stocked up the fridge. Mina looked over his shoulder and made a hmming sound. \"Need to go shopping?\" she asked and Vlad hung his head shamefully and nodded. Mina went up to the cupboard and then looked back at Vlad \"Am I okay in just digging around?\" \"Yeah,\" he said over his shoulder, pulling frozen beef from the fridge and smelling it, debating whether it was still salvageable. Mina looked over at him and smiled, shaking a box in her hand. \"You have noodles, we could make pasta, do you have tomato sauce?\" she asked, Vlad grinned sheepishly and shook his head. \"No but it's not a long trip to the store, I can go pick some up. Just let me get the water boiling.\" -Forever and a Day- A short time later and the two of them were sitting in the living room, close to the fireplace and eating. Well Mina was eating, Vlad was mostly just pushing his food around his plate, his stomach was not feeling up to eating human food, he wanted to hunt again, not that he didn't always but getting torn open like he did… the healing was taking a toll on him, on his patience, on the hunger twisting his stomach. \"Not very hungry?\" Mina asked, looking at him, he smiled \"Not particularly.\" He said, though that wasn't necessarily true, he was always hungry, but right now he was craving something else… he leaned forward and connect his lips to hers, smirking as he heard he startled intake of breath but then she relaxed into the kiss, returning the motions and when he swiped his tongue against her lips she parted them willingly, allowing their tongues to meet, sliding smoothly against one another gently. The vampire slipped a hand around the back of her head, fingers sliding into silky hair and he leaned her back, cradling her neck so she didn't bang her head against the floor he hovered over her, their kiss having broken, and stared into her eyes. She smiled and lifted a hand, stroking down the side of his face lovingly. \"You are flawless, young,\" she commented, repeating the action \"but your eyes look so much older than the rest of you.\" Vlad chuckled outwardly but he felt his body tense regardless \"Are you calling me wise?\" he asked, raising a brow and kissing her cheek as to avoid meeting her eyes, he knew she could still read him like a book, though he was sure that she didn't know why. \"Perhaps.\" She sighed as he kissed around her jaw, unable to help himself, though he swore he would never hurt her he couldn't help but admire her neck and where pulse throbbed so strongly. Mina let out a breathy sigh, causing Vlad to continue his actions, nibbling ever so carefully on the skin along her jawbone. It was risky but he wanted to hear more of those sounds… Mina pulled him back up and into another kiss, slipping her tongue once more into his mouth and running it along his teeth, against canines that were much too sensitive and without a thought the former prince felt his fangs sneak out of their hiding places. He tried to pull away from the kiss gently, but Mina did before he could, a perplexed expression on her face. \"What was that…?\" A/N: I'm sorry if this chapter seems a bit jumpy, it's been getting typed over the course of several days rather than one sitting, but hey there's a cliffhanger! Till next time, -Winged Element[Chapter 15] A/N: I'm so sorry for leaving you guys like that for so long! ^^; I was on Christmas break and just wanted some time to relax for a bit before jumping back into the swing of things. Anywho I'm back! Again! Disclaimer: Pish posh Bibidibabidido: I'm glad you like it, and yes, cliffhangers are like my bread and butter, thanks for the review! Eyes that Shown True Though Vlad had quickly pulled back Mina had still noticed the anomaly in his mouth, that wasn't something that someone just disregarded. She thought to herself, trying to get the man to face her again. There was something going on, something he didn't want to talk about, something strange… \"Vlad…?\" she whispered softly \"Vlad what was that?\" she asked, she heard him sigh and then turned to face her again. His eyes were heavy, it seemed that he was more of an old man with many regrets rather than the young fit body she saw in front of her. \"I… I wish I could tell you Mina but I can't… I just… can't… It's not your fault.\" He said, his eyes darting away from hers' again. She frowned \"Vlad… I… well I don't think I can accept that.\" He looked at her, startled, though he made no move to explain himself and the young blonde huffed lightly and stood. \"I should get going.\" She said, smoothing the wrinkles from the lovely dress. \"I'll wash the dress and return it to you later. Goodnight.\" She was tired of being left in the dark when there was so clearly something there in his life that he wouldn't tell her about. She didn't care if it was dangerous, or illegal, or whatever, he should let her make the judgements for herself. A hand caught her wrist. \"Wait. Don't go. I can't…\" his voice grew incredibly soft \"I can't lose you again…\" Mina was sure that she wasn't meant to hear that part \"Again?\" she said and he winced, confirming her suspicion. She knelt back down and tilted his chin up to meet her eyes. \"Vlad what are you talking about?\" he pulled away from her grasp, looking back to the fire, not answering. The young woman sighed and placed a gentle kiss on his forehead, he looked to her with surprise. \"I want to be a part of your life Vlad, but I can't do that if you don't let me in.\" she said softly and Vlad closed his eyes, his brow crinkled, he seemed to be weighing the options of his decision in his mind. Then he sighed and put hands on both of her shoulders, looking directly into her eyes. \"This is not something I share lightly. This is not something frivolous, it's dangerous and there is good reason for my secrecy, you understand that if I share this with you there's no going back right?\" she nodded, not expecting the seriousness in his voice. \"That's what people in relationships do Vlad, they trust each other with secrets they wouldn't share with anyone else.\" \"This is nothing like anything that you're imagining.\" He said lowly, his accent creeping into his voice and the blonde had to suppress the shiver that wanted to run down her spine. \"But before that, there's something else I need to tell you.\" His hand slipped from her shoulder to her chin and his green eyes smoldered into her own, her breath whispering away and the problem at hand nearly slipping from her mind, nearly. He placed a small, feather light kiss upon her lips. \"I love you Mina.\" His voice was solid and the look in his eyes backed up his statement. She smiled and whispered \"I love you too Vlad.\" The grin she got in response was nearly blinding. He kissed her again and she could swear that she tasted the happiness flowing off of him. When they separated her eyes became serious again, she wasn't about to be deterred from knowing this mysterious secret. The dark haired man saw the change and sighed and lifted her hand, kissing her knuckles. \"I didn't think that would distract you, but I needed to get it off my chest first, though I did hope that it would be enough.\" He teased lightly, Mina pouted at him, but at least he had some of his lightheartedness back, though she could see it was only skin deep, his shoulders were stiff and his eyes held a deep-rooted sadness in them, more so than usual. He sighed and continued \"What I'm about to tell you will take some convincing, so don't be alarmed.\" He said, Mina could feel butterflies beginning to build up in her stomach, just what was this? The tension was killing her… Vlad looked behind him at the end-table before reaching back and returning with an old fashioned letter opener, the kind that looked more like a small knife than something that was used on paper. And before she could stop him he ran the blade against the skin of his forearm. Mina lurched forward, knocking the opener from his hands and pulling his arm into her lap, about to put the blanket on it to staunch the bleeding but Vlad grabbed her hand with his good one. \"Just watch. I'm not exactly what you would call… normal.\" Mina looked down to the cut and thought her eyes just might pop out of her head, the skin sealed up and healed within moments, the only traces being the blood slowly dripping down his forearm. \"W-what?\" she ran her fingers over the affected area, trying to ascertain whether the skin was really his or if it was an elaborate hoax. She looked at the blood that stuck to her fingers, about to bring it up to her nose to see if it really was the coppery substance when a hand wrapped around her own, pulling it away from her face with surprising strength. \"I wouldn't recommend that.\" Vlad said, completely serious now, he couldn't risk his beloved becoming the same kind of monster as he. He'd tried something like it last time and it hadn't worked out well for any parties involved. \"My blood is different… from humans'.\" Mina looked up at those words, he said that as though he wasn't one… A/N: Ohhhh, it's getting so good now, I can't wait to do the next chapter :3 Till next time, -Winged Element[Chapter 16] A/N: Sup! I just finished typing up a chapter of The Boy in Blue and so now I think I'll jump right into the next one and I know that this chapter will be fun and exciting so I'm not dreading it too much :p side note, I'm going to get some ice cream before I really get started. Disclaimer: 01001110 01001111. bibidibabidido: I'm glad you like it, and yes, I must, I love cliffhangers too much ^^; updates are every Tuesday. Thanks for the review! A Look of Love \"What do you mean?\" she asked, and Vlad sighed, he was in the midst of telling her and he still wanted to back out. \"I mean… I mean that I'm not human. I haven't been for a long time.\" Mina just looked at him with confused eyes. \"What?\" though now she seemed less concerned and more frustrated. \"Vlad if this is some kind of joke.\" She had started wiping his blood from her hands with a spare napkin from dinner. \"It's no joke.\" He said though he hesitated upon telling her what he really was, he didn't want her to look at him with fear again. He'd seen it before and seen it from his own people before that, he didn't know if he could bear to see it on someone he cared about again. \"If you're not human then what are you?\" she asked with a raised brow. \"I… I'm a vampire.\" He said quietly. And then Mina did the last thing he ever expected her to, she laughed. The former prince didn't know what to do, this wasn't the reaction he was prepared for. All he found himself doing was opening and closing his mouth like a fish out of water. \"Really Vlad? That's the best you could come up with? A vampire? If you're going to make something up, at least make it believable.\" She looked at him and started giggling again, he frowned \"I'm telling the truth Mina, why on earth would I lie to you?\" he asked, starting to feel a little bit more than helpless \"Vlad, I know that you want this to work but you need to trust me to accept your secrets.\" She said, and the vampire wanted to bang his head on a wall, she still thought that he didn't want to tell her. \"I am! That's it!\" he said, not sure what else to do in this scenario and Mina rolled her eyes \"Right and I'm sure that you can turn into a bat and go through walls and all kinds of crazy stuff too huh?\" Vlad huffed \"I am a lot bigger than just one bat, so not a but many and I'm not a ghost, I can't walk through walls, but I can turn into mist so I can see where people think that.\" He grumbled and Mina just stared at him \"You really believe all this stuff don't you?\" she said, starting to look concerned, Vlad bit back a growl, short of biting her or terrifying her what could he do to convince her this wasn't all an illusion? \"Mina, I'm nearly six hundred years old, I was raised in the Ottoman Empire as my father gave me up to the Turks at a young age to be raised there. There I was trained and beaten into a brutal warrior and in the war committed some of the most horrific acts of brutality that are still remembered to this day. I went home later in life and married and ruled my people and when they were threatened again I did the one thing I could and sacrificed my humanity to save them. I've watched the world rise and fall Mina, what do I have to do to convince you that what I speak is the truth?\" He knew that upon talking about his past his accent slipped forward stronger than it usually did, he couldn't help it, his native tongue was as much a part of his past as Mina herself was. Mina was unusually quiet, staring at him with an intensity that nearly unnerved him, she didn't seem to know what to do, or even what to think. And just when he was about to start worrying that something had snapped within her she blinked and then swallowed. A deep breath and then she lifted a hand to his face. The former prince didn't move, didn't want to startle her. Her fingers met his lips and he paused, now fairly certain of what she was after, he parted them slowly and allowed her access. As she trailed back to his canines he lifted a lip, allowing his fangs to come into full view, her finger touched one gently and Vlad couldn't help the warning growl that slipped from his lips. The sound startled the blonde and she jerked her hand back, he could hear her heartbeat pounding a mile a minute and he took a deep breath, yanking his bloodlust back under control. \"Do you believe me now?\" he asked gently, Mina's eyes were as wide as saucers. \"You… you're telling the truth…\" she breathed and Vlad nodded. She was startled, scared at realizing all the scary stories she'd been told as a girl just might be true but she wasn't running from him. She didn't seem terrified of him and that was what mattered. It took a while for anyone to become acclimated to the supernatural world these days as all of it was swathed in a great big cloak of things that were made up and things that were not and a nice dose of skepticism just to top it off. Mina took a shaky breath and looked from her hand to his face again before saying \"You… you said that acts you committed in the past are still remembered to this day… Vlad…\" she paused, true fear starting to creep into her eyes now \"What is your real name?\" the former prince sighed and answered softly \"I have many names, I was the Prince of Transylvania, Vlad The Impaler Tepes, also known as Dracula, son of the devil.\" A/N: Mwahahahahaha! Till next time, -Winged Element[Chapter 17] A/N: Hey guys, sorry this chapter's a little late, it's been quite the pretty busy week. ^^; Still getting settled in at my new job but I like it, I get to pick my hours the way I want them :) Disclaimer: Disclaimed! Guest: I'm going on! I'm sorry it took so long! I'm glad you like it and thanks for the review! A Former Prince Mina couldn't believe her ears, she didn't know what to think, all of the past few minutes seemed like a dream, she wouldn't be surprised to wake up and find out she'd tripped and landed on her head or something equally ridiculous. \"You…? You're Count Dracula?\" she asked in wonder, the vampire, the king of them all, was the man sitting right before her, the man that she'd fallen in love with? \"I was never a Count.\" He corrected with a small smile \"That was made up, but yes, I am him.\" \"Forgive me for mixing those up.\" She said rather snarkily, her sass was more of a reflex than actually intended to offend him but she was glad when it didn't all the same. She looked back up into his eyes shyly, now slightly more wary of his gaze \"You're not going to hypnotize me or anything are you?\" she asked suddenly worried, she remembered that that was one of the vampire's abilities, or at least she thought it was \"Can you even hypnotize people?\" he grinned and chuckled \"No, I haven't hypnotized you, but yes I can, though it's a little different than what you think it might be.\" He paused and then looked at her again \"It's more like taking over someone else, robbing them of their free will. You would know if I had done so to you. It's not a liberty I take too terribly often.\" Mina looked at him, surprised by the words \"How can you not? There are so many times that I wished I could change how someone was acting with a word or a glance.\" Vlad chuckled \"It gets boring, having people do your every bidding without question, without feeling, it's boring and lonely, and sad.\" He added as an afterthought. They were both quiet for a moment. Mina considering what he'd said, he said it in such a manner that she was sure he'd tried it before and experienced it before. \"It doesn't work on everyone though,\" he said \"they have to be weak willed to begin with, you can't just take someone who loves music and suddenly make them hate it, for example. But you can make someone who's scared suddenly be frozen in terror, it's fairly complicated and not something I learned how to do for some time after changing.\" He explained \"What was it like?\" Mina asked softly, she'd heard the story of Dracula on many occasions but she wasn't sure if she'd ever heard the story of how he'd become the legendary monster. \"I fought for the Turks when I was young.\" Vlad started, leaning back now, slightly more relaxed and Mina pulled her spaghetti onto her lap and continued to eat it. It was quite good, a little cold now but that didn't bother her. Vlad raised an eyebrow at her and she shrugged. \"I'm hungry.\" He gave a soft smile and shook his head. \"Fair enough. Anyway, I was raised to be a soldier from a very young age, taught to kill without mercy, to obey without question. I was smart and quickly rose through the ranks, and eventually well… you've heard the stories of Vlad the Impaler I'm sure.\" He said \"Never from the man himself.\" Mina said, pointing her fork at him \"How often do you get to hear the events of ancient history straight from the people who lived through them.\" \"Ancient? I'd hardly call that ancient.\" The vampire said \"You just don't want me to call you old.\" She teased and he smiled at her \"You caught me, I can't be that old, I often think to myself, but it's harder when someone else reminds you.\" Mina scooted a little bit closer and Vlad smiled, she could tell that he was nervous, he thought that she would be afraid of him. She was a little nervous but wouldn't anyone be at this point? Besides, with trusting her with his secret, it just made her trust him in return more. He wouldn't share it with her if he was just going to kill her. \"So, what happened next?\" she asked, elbowing his side gently, he sighed \"Next is not something I'm proud of. It's something that I'd rather forget I'd done…\" he looked at her, sadness rooted deeply in his eyes. \"Next is the reason I'm known as Vlad the Impaler, the atrocities of war, I know, I know that by putting one village to the stake I saved many more but still…\" \"Did you actually drink their blood like fine wine?\" she couldn't help the statement that slipped from her lips. She was startled when Vlad blurted out a laugh \"Is that what the internet says about me?\" he asked \"No, not at that time, though I did help perpetuate that rumor, helped spread the fear, I'm glad that it stuck well enough to continue to this day.\" He kept chuckling, when he calmed he said \"No, though eventually I was allowed to return home, where I ruled as Prince peacefully for many happy years. I took a wife, had a beautiful young son.\" \"You're a father?\" Mina asked, that wasn't something she expected to hear from him, he looked so young and she knew that he was much older than he looked but, he looked the age he had been turned at he was a father so young? \"It was a different time back then, people were less afraid to get married and have kids young, we didn't live as long, not to mention I was expected to have an heir to my throne secured.\" Mina nodded, that made sense but it was still surprising, Vlad continued \"Then the Turks invaded my lands and demanded my people's children, my child…\" he took a deep breath \"That's when everything went downhill.\" A/N: Sorry again for being so late! Till next time, -Winged Elment[Chapter 18] A/N: I am on a roll, I'm just gonna keep knocking these out, woot woot! Though I may break for dinner in this one… Disclaimer: Banana. A Curious Glance Vlad paused and took a deep breath, Mina may trust him and he was willing to share but it was hard for him to remember the events that had taken place over that week, let alone to tell them to another. \"I wasn't about to give up my son to Mehmet.\" \"Who?\" Mina asked, her head tilted to the side, Vlad smiled at her, she was so cute when she did that \"Mehmet was the ruler of the Ottoman Empire at the time, he and I grew up like brothers, I wish things didn't end between us as they did but I don't regret stopping him, he was a monster, nearly as much as I.\" \"Okay, so you didn't want to give him your son, what was your son's name?\" she asked suddenly as she thought of the question, Vlad thought back on the blonde fondly \"His name was Ingress, he was so sweet, so kind-hearted, he made a good ruler.\" \"I take it he survived?\" she asked and Vlad nodded, continuing his story \"I killed the men that came to take him, it was a snap decision but I knew in my heart that I couldn't give him up to the Turks, couldn't let them make a monster of him as they had with me. My father was appalled, he thought that I had doomed us all to be wiped out by the Turks, but I saw that as equally bad as having our children taken from us again, as bowing over and letting them take what they wanted. I knew that there was something within Broken Tooth mountain that killed Turks, that there was something powerful, supernatural there, we'd found the torn helmets nearly a few days prior. A monk had warned me of the monster that lived there, a man who'd mad a deal with a devil, a vampire.\" Mina was now leaning forward from her spot on the rug, soaking up every word that fell from his lips. \"I went there, I met the monster that was trapped there, spoke with him, eventually he made a deal with me. He said that he would give me a taste of his power, that if I resisted drinking blood for three days that I would be free of his curse and the power would fade.\" \"You didn't though,\" Mina said, stating the obvious as Vlad was sitting right in front of her, he wouldn't be if he had resisted drinking. \"It was the last battle, the sun was rising on the third day, some of my people had fled to the monastery. And they…\" he swallowed thickly, remembering the moment all too clearly \"Mirena fell…\" Mina paused, utter confusion on her face \"Who?\" \"My wife.\" The vampire said, his eyes nearly brimming over with tears, Vlad shook his head and wiped his cheeks stubbornly. Before continuing \"She sacrificed her life so that I might save my people. I did but I still feel that that cost might've been too great.\" Mina was crying now, the story pulled at her heart, she didn't know why it hurt her so much, she'd heard many a sad story in her life, perhaps because this one was completely true and so far from ordinary, or perhaps because she felt so close to the man who told it to her. \"What happened to your people?\" she managed, \"Did you win the battle?\" she asked, Vlad nodded softly, not wanting to upset her more than he already had. \"It wasn't easy, but yes.\" \"What happened after that?\" she asked, still trying to dry her tears \"Most thought I died, I lived quietly for a long time, a couple hundred years even. Then… well you know the jist of it, that is if you read the book.\" Mina managed a grin then \"So it is true, the story of Count Dracula?\" she asked and Vlad grumbled \"I'm not a count… I was a prince. But yes, most of it was true, there was a Mina and Jon Harker and even a Van Hellsing.\" Mina looked at him curiously \"There was?\" He nodded, sitting back now that the conversation was turning into slightly less emotional territory. \"So why…\" she paused, seeming to not know how to put her thoughts into words \"So why did you do the things that it said you did…?\" she asked quietly and he knew what she meant, she wanted to know why he was the villain. \"I was… I've been alive for a long time.\" He said in short then continued at her questioning gaze \"It wasn't easy, I was alone for most of that, I felt that I couldn't interact with humanity anymore and when I finally did decide that it was time to come out into the open again then I already had the habit of forcing others to my will, to bend humans into whatever I wanted, I was accustomed to getting what I wanted and wouldn't have it any other way. And then… and then I saw young Wilhelmina… and I knew she was my Mirena all over again… though in that life she was in love with another… now thinking back on it I know it was wrong to try and take her but all the same… I was a lonely, sad man…\" Mina was looking at him with wide eyes now and he looked back, unsure of what he'd said to startle her so… he sighed then recited \"Why think of this life separately from the next when one is born from the last?\" Mina shifted back, away from him a little bit. \"No…\" she whispered \"That was Mirena and I's wedding vows.\" He said and she swallowed stiffly \"That's impossible.\" A/N: Yup, that just happened, way to go Vlad, you've gone and scared the poor woman! Till next time, -Winged Element[Chapter 19] A/N: I'm not going to get very far in this right now but might as well get started. My computer's about to die so I may end up rewriting this anyway… Disclaimer: Apple. Unnerving Discovery Mina stared at Vlad, all her mind would think was no… over and over and over again. Somehow hearing that he thought she was his wife's reincarnation made what they had less real. It didn't bother her that he had been in love in the past, how could anyone live as long as him and not have fallen in love at least once? No, she didn't want to be some copy, some fill-in. \"No, this can't be real…\" She whispered, shaking her head, scooting back from Vlad just a little bit. The former prince reached out and put a hand on her shoulder. \"Mina. You're you. I know that much. It's just like you have little echoes of her in you. Two pictures of a forest, one in winter and one in summer are each beautiful in their own way, each one shows things differently, they are both of that forest but they are still their own independent, different picture.\" His explanation was simple, concise and made her think, made her realize that what he said was true. \"You share the same soul, not the same person. I believe between lives may be different but here and now is all that matters, I am in love with you . I loved Mirena, yes, but she's gone and you are in no way a replacement to her.\" \"Do you really think that?\" she asked, she didn't ask it out of cruelty, she just wanted to hear his confirmation, the surety in his words. \"I do.\" He said, his eyes steady with hers. She swallowed stiffly and took a deep breath. \"I'm sorry, that's just a… well it's just a shock.\" Her mind was still grappling with it, and she was sure that it was something that would take her a long time to come to grips with it. It wasn't every day that you heard that you were someone's reincarnation from someone who could nigh on prove it. \"I can imagine.\" He said quietly \"I don't know if I'd believe it myself. All I know is that you have the same feel to me as Mirena and Wilhelmina did.\" Mina puffed her cheeks out and ran a hand through her hair. \"So…\" she said, looking around the room a little awkwardly now. Vlad chuckled at the gesture and in her awkwardness, Mina couldn't help but join in. There was a heavy silence first and then the blonde spoke up again \"So how many powers do you actually have?\" she wanted to get the conversation away from being a reincarnate as much as possible, it was making her severely uncomfortable and she didn't want to think about it for a while. Vlad tilted his head back as he thought about it. \"A lot?\" he said and Mina chuckled \"You're a super famous vampire and you don't even know how many powers you have.\" She said sarcastically, Vlad frowned \"The older a vampire is, the more powerful he is, I gain more powers all the time, so no, I don't know how many powers I have.\" He said rather grouchily. \"Okay, so what are some of the ones you do have? I know you said you actually can turn into a bat.\" \"Many bats.\" He interrupted, Mina rolled her eyes. \"And mist, and I take it that the sun doesn't bother you since I've seen you in it.\" \"It doesn't anymore.\" He corrected, Mina raised a brow at him and he sighed \"It used to burn me just as fire would burn you. I'm still not truly comfortable in it, the moon is still my domain, I miss enjoying the warm rays but at least I can tolerate it now. Though when I do venture out in the day I lose my powers, I am much weaker during daylit hours.\" The blonde ran a hand down his arm, his skin fairly cool beneath her own. She had originally just thought that he ran a little cooler than most people but now she knew that his heart no longer beat, that heat no longer flowed in his veins. \"Just how strong are you at night?\" she asked, scooting back to the comfortable closeness she had shared with him before. She had to admit that knowing that she was his wife's reincarnate did explain why she felt so comfortable with him, why she felt like she knew him so well, why she could read him like an open book. He looked up at her and smiled deviously, she raised a brow in challenge. He wouldn't hurt her, she knew that but she was curious as to what he was thinking. The vampire leaned forward, his hand sliding forward toward hers, his eyes never leaving her own. \"You sure you want to ask that?\" he whispered, inches away from her face. She rolled her eyes again, he was still such a boy, despite being hundreds of years old, he just wanted to show off, make her feel impressed. If he wanted that, well then, he was going to have to work for it. \"Please, all you've proved so far is that you're a big teddy bear.\" She said and a deep growl worked its way from his chest. The noise surprised her, it wasn't something you heard from a human being and though she knew the truth he still looked all too human to her. But Mina wasn't one to back down from a challenge, she stared him down and then leaned forward and brought their lips together. A/N: Hehehehehe, I am the very worst, and for that I am sorry, kinda :p Anyway, I've got another chapter to write tonight and a shitton of homework to do… bleh… I don't wanna do it but I need to start studying… Till next time, -Winged Element[Chapter 20] A/N: So that linear systems exam that I needed to study for in the last chapter? Got a 91%. Yup. I am that cool. Feel free to praise me… *lifts nose to the air* So awesome… lol I'll start your chapter now. Disclaimer: Won't you follow me… into the jungle…? Surprising Action Vlad could only blink in surprise as his girlfriend kissed him after he growled at her. She slipped her hand around the back of his head and he melted into the kiss himself, sighing as she swiped her tongue along his lips, looking for entrance. Mina was bold, he had to give her that, he thought as he opened his mouth and allowed her access. Their tongues tangoed together and he felt her give a small gasp as his arm slipped around her back and pulled her closer. He smiled against her lips and she seemed to take his teasing as a challenge as she ran her fingernails down his back, he growled again, light and teasing. It wasn't something that he was entirely in control of anymore, he had been a vampire for much longer than he had been human, sometimes he forgot to tone down his other instincts. Mina pulled back and looked at him, surprise and mild concern written across her face \"You okay?\" she asked and Vlad couldn't help but laugh lightly. \"I'm fine.\" He said \"That was…\" he cleared his throat and shook his head \"wow…\" \"Now who's the tough one?\" Mina asked with a wink and the vampire put his head back and started laughing, when he calmed he looked back at Mina, his lovely Mina and smiled gently at her, she smiled back and Vlad knew that everything was right in the world. He leaned forward and placed his forehead against her own. \"You are such a little spitfire.\" He said teasingly to her, watching as her eyes crinkled upward with her smile. She pulled back and stuck her tongue out at him, he chuckled again before kissing her nose lightly. \"Mina, I love you.\" His voice was soft and gentle, she kissed him again \"I love you too.\" She said before diving back into the kiss. Vlad accepted her affections gratefully, leaning into the kiss, perhaps too eagerly as his fangs slipped from their hiding places. It didn't escape Mina's attention this time either, but this time she knew what they were and ran her tongue over the smooth sides. Vlad groaned at the feeling that shot through his nerves. He knew that they were sensitive, but he hadn't expected that… the blonde pulled back again and raised an eyebrow at him. The vampire smiled bashfully at her \"Sorry about that, I uh… didn't mean to…\" he trailed off when she lifted her hand to his mouth again, pushing his lip back and poking at the elongated canine. Vlad gently pulled her hand away \"That's… weird… don't do that…\" he crinkled his nose, licking over his teeth once. Mina laughed \"You look like a dog that just had its nose booped.\" She said and Vlad made a face at her \"They're sensitive.\" He grumbled \"I can tell, do they always appear when you kiss someone? Cause I could see that being a problem.\" If Vlad could still blush, he would've \"Ah no…I just…\" he looked down at the carpet, he didn't want to tell her that it was because he could hear her heartbeat speed up and it made him more excited as well, also he'd been stabbed earlier but that was beside the point. \"Are you hungry?\" she asked suddenly, the phrasing of the question caught him off guard and he looked up at her, confused \"What?\" his brows furrowed together \"Are you… y'know hungry ?\" she asked again, pointing to his face, and then it dawned on him \"Ahh…\" he grinned at her, she shifted slightly under his gaze \" That. Yes, I'm always hungry, always. But, it's not too terrible right now. Unless you're offering?\" he wiggled his fingers at her in a silly manner and she laughed \"Hey, I don't know.\" She said still laughing. He wove his hand in front of her face dramatically \"You will kiss the man in front of you again.\" He said, allowing some more of his natural accent creep into his voice. Mina was holding her sides now with laughter \"Oh god… I can't believe you just did that!\" the corners of her eyes were wet with tears of laughter \"Hey, Abbott and Costello were comedy geniuses, I love that movie.\" Mina met his eyes for a moment before the giggles overtook her again. He grinned as she fought to control her laughter. When she finally calmed she said \"I never would have thought that you enjoyed vampire movies.\" \"Of course I enjoy them, the cheesier the better.\" The former prince said with a grin, he loved getting a good laugh out of how cheesy and outrageously people portrayed his species. \"Really?\" she said, still seeming surprised \"Why is that so strange?\" \"I… I don't know, I would've thought you found them insulting or something.\" \"Maybe in my youth, I would've said that vampires were nothing to make light of. But now? Now I think that a good laugh can solve a lot of things, and everything should be taken with a grain of salt, besides, it's funny how wrong they are.\" He smiled at her and she smiled back, rolling her eyes \"Okay then, what's the thing they get wrong the most often?\" she asked and he paused, thinking back on all the media he'd seen. \"Probably that we can be cuddly. We're not cuddly.\" He said, trying to look very serious, Mina didn't buy it and punched his shoulder and then hugged him \"I think you might be a little off on that.\" She said as she leaned into him, he smiled down at her before leaning down to her ear \"You fell right into my trap.\" He said quietly \"Oh no, whatever shall I do?\" A/N: Eh, pretty cuddly chapter but I think that's good sometimes, also if you don't know the movie Abbott and Costello meets Frankenstein, Dracula and the Wolf Man I highly recommend it. Till next time, -Winged Element[Chapter 21] A/N: So I'm currently sitting in the cafeteria on the engineering campus… sometimes I feel like I live here… I'm pretty sure that I'm here more than home… and I super apologize about the couple week break, I just got caught up in school and work for a bit, I'm going to be updating like normal this week but if I'm really feeling on top of things you'll get this chapter, an extra chapter and a super long one next week, hopefully I'll be into the typing mood so you can get all the extra Dracula Untold goodness :3 Disclaimer: Um… nope. Guest: Ahhhh! I'm so sorry! I'm glad you like it though and here's some more! Thanks for the review! Old Eyes Mina stirred slightly, not really sure when she had fallen asleep, she thought back on it, she remembered… she remembered being with Vlad… talking to him… finding out about… hmm that could've been a really strange dream, she thought to herself. The blonde opened her eyes and realized that she was laying up against the very man she had just been thinking of, her breath caught slightly as she realized this. His eyes were closed and his breath was slow… really slow, that wasn't a dream then, she thought, the slight insanity of the moment striking her again. It was so stunning to think that for the past couple months she had been dating a creature of legend, and not just any creature of legend, the one and only Dracula. She snuggled deeper into him and he unconsciously wrapped his arms tighter around her, whispering something in Romanian and she couldn't help but smile. It was amazing and incredible, she never would've expected to get this out of life… who would've thought that vampires could actually exist? That the monsters that they heard about as bedtime stories, watched on the big screen at the theater, his in the shadows of their very own world. Sure she had known that there was something that Vlad had been hiding from her, that there was something that he wasn't telling her, but she had never expected it to be that he was immortal, that he had fought Turks as a child and slain many many men throughout his long life. Mina reached a hand up and ran it down his face, feeling his cool skin and the beginnings of stubble against her fingertips. The former prince stirred slightly, his eyes slowly blinking open, brightening when he saw her. \"When did I fall asleep…?\" he said softly, yawning the second he finished voicing the words. \"I don't know, I'm fairly certain that I fell asleep first.\" She responded, just as softly, not wanting to break the mood of the room, it was quiet and calm, the fire was mere embers in the hearth but that was okay. \"You did,\" he mumbled, shifting his weight and pulling her tighter against his chest, her ear was now against his collar bone, though his heart only beat ever so occasionally against her ear. Mina giggled quietly \"Then why are you asking me when you fell asleep?\" Vlad stroked her head \"Shhh… no more talking…\" something else was mumbled, so distorted that she wasn't even sure which language it was in. \"Vlad!\" she grumbled as her pulled her uncomfortably onto her side. He just mumbled and turned his head the other way. She twisted and squirmed, trying to get out of the vampire's grip. He frowned and sighed and let her go, Mina humphed at the man and grabbed one of his arms, trying to pull him to his feet. \"Why are you trying to get me to get up?\" he asked, his eyes still closed \"Because it's boring to be the only one awake in your house.\" She gave up trying to pull on his arm, he was just too heavy. \"I thought you were nocturnal.\" She commented, putting her hand on her hip. The former prince peeked at her from under a heavy eyelid. \"Kinda.\" He said before sighing and sitting up, rubbing his face as he yawned again. \"I do try to put up some human appearances.\" He grumbled before standing and looking at her \"What about you? Aren't you human people supposed to sleep at night?\" he asked, a teasing light in his eyes. \"I don't always do what I'm supposed to.\" She teased back, Vlad raised an eyebrow and stood, stepping up to her, trying to be big and scary, she could tell, but all she could see was the sleepy cute side of him right now. He put an arm around her, tilting her chin back so he could see her face, she smiled up at him, loving the look in those green eyes. She ran a hand down his cheek again and he leaned into her touch. \"Your eyes are the only thing about you that is old.\" She said quietly, voicing an opinion she'd held for a long time now. \"What?\" his attention was definitely on her now \"Your eyes, the rest of you looks young, but your eyes carry a weight to them, I don't really know how to explain it other than your eyes look old.\" He smiled sadly \"It's the weight of a hard life.\" He said in explanation, she kissed him gently and ran her hand back down through his hair only to rest on his shoulder instead. \"I think they make you look wise.\" She said with a small grin \"I'm not wise.\" The vampire scoffed \"I have made so many, many mistakes over my life.\" \"And that's how one becomes wise, is through their mistakes and being able to recognize them before they come again to haunt you.\" Mina said before he leaned forward and kissed her again. When they parted they rested their foreheads together. \"Mina, I love you.\" \"I love you too Vlad.\" A/N: Okay so this is slightly short, but it's also super fluffy and if my predictions are right you guys are gonna get another chapter this week anyway so! Till next time, -Winged Element[Chapter 22] A/N: Hey guys! Feeling pretty productive today :) I've already been to work and am sitting in class now, hoping parking services doesn't catch my car ^^; Anywho with any luck this chapter will be posted later tonight or tomorrow and the one for next week will be extra long :) Disclaimer: How about some electronics info instead? Yeah? Guest: I'm glad you like it so much :3 Thanks so much for the review! Young Soul Vlad couldn't believe that he was standing in his kitchen, with Mina happily making herself some hot chocolate, and yet all the while, having a conversation about vampires like it was no big deal. \"So how many of your kind are there?\" she asked then seemed to reconsider her question \"Are there different species of vampires? Or other kinds of mythical monsters?\" Vlad grinned at her, leaning back against the counter. \"Well, I'm not so sure about the mythical monsters, it's not like we have group meetings or anything, I wouldn't be surprised to find others, that, like vampires, have hidden themselves so far away from society that no one remembers them as they truly are anymore. As for vampires themselves, I'm fairly certain that my kind is the only kind. We are pretty solitary creatures, we don't really interact with others, we keep to ourselves, away from the world, I know there is me and then… one other one that I know of.\" \"Another one?\" Mina's eyes were bright as she blew on her steaming mug of cocoa across the counter from him. He sighed, he knew that once she knew of his world that it would only be a matter of time until the Master came up. \"He's the progenitor of the species, the first vampire. The one who turned me. He… he is evil incarnate, been alone on this world for too long, soaked in his anger and desire for vengeance… he is the Master vampire.\" The blonde's brows raised \"Does he have a name?\" Vlad shook his head slowly \"Not one that he or the rest of the world remembers, I doubt he even really remembers what it meant to be human, who he even was as a human.\" \"But you do.\" Mina interjected, the vampire's eyes snapped up to meet hers, and he smiled softly, cupping her cheek in his cold hand \"I haven't always, but I always remember that there's something human to live for, someone to be human for.\" The young woman's eyes softened and she leaned into his touch before shivering lightly and taking his hand between her own \"Your hands are cold.\" She said and he chuckled \"Sorry, effect of my condition,\" he couldn't help but laugh as she rubbed his fingers between her own, trying to warm them up to little avail. \"I've lost too much blood recently for that to work, normally I'd be okay, but…\" \"Does this have to do with how I found you in the library this evening?\" she asked, Vlad blinked, had that only been this past evening? It felt like it'd been ages ago. The former prince nodded, sighing slightly \"The Master… he needs me, for what I don't know, and I don't want to know, he's been haunting me since the very day I accepted his deal, a deal that I should've never considered but… but it was the only way to keep my people alive, to save my kingdom.\" He sighed, hanging his head. \"I owe him something, I don't know what, but he's made it very clear that I still owe him for granting me eternal life. Honestly at this point I just wish he would get it over with, I don't want to be caught up in this web any longer.\" \"Can he actually control you though?\" Mina asked, Vlad shook his head \"No.\" \"Then you don't have to do what he says.\" She explained simply, the vampire just smiled weakly \"You don't understand, I'm a man of my word, I will not go back on it, I owe him, that's all there is to it, even though I may have come to think of this life as more of a curse than a gift I still made that deal, I thought at the time that I would get out of it within three days as had been the arrangement but… but it didn't work out that way.\" He sighed and Mina rubbed his shoulder comfortingly \"I'm sure you'll figure it out when the time comes. But setting that aside, what happened this afternoon? There was so much blood.\" Vlad unconsciously ran a hand over his stomach, remembering the pain of it all so vividly. \"He came to remind me that I'm not as tough as I thought I was, that everything that I try to build in the human world will always come crumbling down, he also tore a hole in my torso…\" the cocoa that Mina had been drinking started to come back up as she choked on it in surprise. Vlad quickly rounded the peninsula in his kitchen, patting her back as she tried to get the hot liquid out of her wind pipe. When she finally seemed to be in the clear she coughed out a weak \"What?!\" and lifted the bottom of his shirt to look for herself. Vlad sighed and let her. She looked between his face and his stomach, \"But… but…\" she whispered, looking again for herself \"This is impossible…\" the former prince took her hands gently and kissed each one before saying \"Remember, I'm not human, I heal a lot faster than your people do.\" Mina looked down at his torso again \"All that blood… that was all from you…?\" she looked worried, and Vlad didn't quite know what to do to make her feel better. \"Yes.\" He said, not really sure what else to say \"But I'm fine now, it's really okay, you don't need to worry about me.\" \"But…\" she sighed then \"You sure?\" he nodded \"I'm sure.\" They were both quiet for a few moments before something seemed to register with her \"Wait, you said that you can't get warm when you've lost a lot of blood, does that mean that you don't have enough to keep yourself warm? That you don't have enough for yourself?\" the former prince was fairly certain of where this conversation was going, and he didn't care for it. \"Mina, I'll be fine.\" She put a hand on his shoulder and looked straight into his eyes \"Vlad, what happens when you get hurt? When you have to heal yourself?\" she asked seriously, the vampire sighed and looked away from her, he didn't want to involve her in the ugly side of what he was, not if he could help it, he knew whether he answered or not that she had figured it out, that she knew what happened when he got hurt and had to heal himself as she had put it. \"It's fine.\" \"That's not an answer Vlad.\" She said, tilting his head back up to meet her eyes again. \"It's nothing you need to concern yourself with.\" He said instead, she frowned. \"You can't open up to me like this and then keep things hidden away again, that's not fair, I'm in this now whether you like it or not. Now, tell me.\" \"I'm fairly certain that you've figured it out for yourself.\" The former prince replied, looking down at the ground again. Mina sighed \"I want to hear it from your lips.\" It was Vlad's turn to sigh \"The more I use my powers, the more I do, the more energy I use up, the more that I feel it, the hunger grows stronger with all of it.\" Mina nodded, she had figured it out \"So you are hungry right now.\" She said and Vlad met her eyes once more with an intensity that made her look away \"I've dealt with worse.\" He said simply \"How do you… deal with it?\" she asked \"How do you… manage?\" he could tell that this wasn't going to be something that she wanted to hear, this wasn't something that anyone wanted to hear. This was the darker side of himself, the side that truly wasn't human… at least that was what he told himself, what he tried to believe. \"Do you really want to know the answer to that question Mina?\" he asked and she took a deep breath, steadying herself, he was sure \"Yes.\" The vampire sighed now \"I find those that won't be missed, the castoffs of society, the ones that have already left their actual lives behind.\" Vlad said, he didn't say what he did with them, she didn't need to know that he enjoyed toying with his food, that he actually liked to see the terror in their eyes. \"I take it you kill them?\" she said calmly, Vlad was actually rather impressed with how well she was holding it together. \"Most of the time. It's hard for those that aren't to shake off such an experience regardless of how far their minds have already sank.\" He said this quietly, he always told himself that he shouldn't feel shame in what he was, that he was no more a monster than a tiger or an eagle was. That he was a predator just doing what he was meant for, but it was different somehow, somehow just because it was human lives on the line… he shook off the thoughts and turned his attention back to the young woman in front of him. \"Do you need it now?\" she asked, he knew that she would offer, it was in her nature, she had done so once before, in a past life after all. He had taken her life from her in that time, and in doing so condemned himself to an eternity of blood and death. Though it had been worth it, he had saved his son, his son had lived a long and prosperous life and so did his descendants who followed him. He put his hands on both of her shoulders, gently pushing her back a step \"No, I'm fine.\" He said, shaking his head \"Are you sure?\" she asked again, looking at him, he nodded once more and then she did something that he entirely didn't expect. She pulled the back of his head down and kissed him passionately. He returned the favor after a second, though he was a little slow on the uptake, their tongues twined together passionately and then Mina ran hers seductively against his fangs which had once again slipped out of their hiding places and Vlad couldn't help the jolt that ran through his veins at the feeling. He was both immensely aroused by the feeling and hungry, he wanted to make love to her and bite her all at once. He pulled back, breathing hard, trying to put a cap on the monster inside of himself. \"Don't do that.\" He said between breaths, he looked back up and saw Mina with a huge grin on her face. \"You were lying, I knew it.\" She said excitedly, Vlad frowned \"I was not lying.\" \"But you were, otherwise your fangs wouldn't have been there, and I don't think you would've had such a reaction to me touching them like that either.\" She said cheekily. The former prince shook his head in frustration. \"That isn't true.\" He said grouchily. \"It totally is.\" She grinned \"No, it isn't and I suggest you don't do that again unless you want to lose that pretty tongue of yours.\" He grouched, the blonde laughed \"You're so grumpy.\" \"I am not.\" The vampire said quickly. \"You are too. Alright, I'll agree on one condition.\" Vlad looked over at her with a brow raised \"What is that?\" he asked \"You have to let me help you.\" She said, holding up an arm to him. The former prince froze. \"What?\" A/N: Okay so this chapter is really long to make up for the lack of chapter a couple weeks ago, it'll probably be posted tonight if I'm really good about continuing to sit here and type, which I should be. And then you'll be another chapter on Tuesday when they normally come out. Till next time, -Winged Element[Chapter 23] A/N: Whew… this is the last chapter I need to type tonight, this'll make 6,000 words in one day… so yeah… that's a lot… but I'll be all caught up on all my fanfiction, my personal writing… not so much but hey, I'll worry about that later, maybe I'll even get some done… Who knows, I'm on a freaking roll today, I even cleaned house this morning! Imagine that! Disclaimer: Have I booped you guys? I don't think I've booped you guys, so Boop! His Fears \"What?\" Vlad looked at her like she was crazy \"What are you talking about?\" he took a half a step back from her, as though her arm was going to leap up and bite him instead. \"I want you to let me do something for you, something that will mean a lot to you.\" She said, following his step. She wasn't afraid of him, if that's what he thought. She knew that he would have enough control not to hurt her, that he would never dream of hurting her. This was one of those things that she just knew deep down in her soul. He took hold of her arms gently, as though she were made of glass that would break at the slightest provocation. \"Not this… never this.\" He said, looking down at the floor, he took a deep breath, Mina squatted her knees a little so she could look him in the eye again \"Why not?\" she asked \"Why do you want this so badly?\" he shot back, looking a little frustrated now \"I could hurt you, I could kill you, completely on accident.\" He said, Mina shook her head and he growled lightly \"You wouldn't, you've had how many years to get good at what you are? You're no newbie at this.\" He sighed \"Why? Why do you want me to do this so badly?\" \"Because I know you need it.\" \"I've taken worse injuries and stayed off drinking.\" He said and Mina looked him in the eye, pulled his face back up, smiling as she thought of her young cousins, how they didn't like to look at their parents when they were in trouble, that was exactly how Vlad was acting, as though he were in trouble for just being what he was, for just being what he was. \"But how desperate were the times and how long ago was that, you shouldn't push yourself so far Vlad.\" He pinched the bridge of his nose then and sighed \"I'm the legendary king of the vampires and I'm getting reprimanded by a human woman like she's my mother.\" He said, shaking his head as though this were perfectly normal. Mina slapped his arm \"Don't mock me.\" She said and he looked at her, there was a look in his eye that she had never seen before, it was dark, and as she watched, his eyes darkened, taking on a reddish glow in the light of kitchen, he growled again, but this time there was no play in it, there was no teasing light it, it was dark and rough and she couldn't help it, she backed up a step. Her heart started to pound faster, adrenalin started to race through her system. \"Vlad…?\" she whispered, her instincts were screaming at her to run, but again she was sure that he would never hurt her… she bumped into the wall, and his hand hit the drywall beside her head and she flinched. Still that darkness clouded his eyes, his teeth pulled back from his lips to reveal glossy fangs. He leaned down, overtop of her and she bit her lip, she could feel his breath on her neck, she thought for sure that in that moment that she was going to die, that he was going to bite down and drink her dry… her eyes squeezed shut and then nothing, not even the cool feel of his body over hers. \"You're not as ready to give it up as you think, you have no idea what you're offering, you have no idea the truth of what I am.\" He said softly, looking just as human as the first time they'd met. And then his head snapped to the side. \"Don't you dare do that again!\" she shouted \"You needed to understand.\" He said softly, \"You needed to know that I am not a kitten with no claws, what I am is dangerous. I have no problem opening up to you but I am not without my own dangers.\" \"I understand that!\" she snapped, he looked at her with no small amount of surprise and she took a deep breath \"I understand that.\" She said again, quieter this time \"I never meant to imply that you weren't capable of causing damage, I just knew that you would never intentionally hurt me . That I'm sure with all of your strength some control would be included in there too. Maybe I was wrong…\" the last part was mumbled under her breath but Vlad heard it anyway. \"I… Mina…\" he paused, as though completely unsure of his own words. \"Vlad I need a minute.\" She said, holding up a hand, he sighed and plopped down in a chair but didn't object to her request. Mina took a few deep breaths, trying to compose herself. She wasn't used to being nearly eaten by a vampire as a 'lesson' as he seemed to think it was, a lesson that she didn't need, thank you very much. She sighed and looked over at said vampire, who was hanging his head in his hands and was likely berating himself for doing something so stupid. Mina sighed again and walked over to him, squatting in front of the chair and waiting for him to lift his head. After a moment he did so and said in a soft voice \"For what it's worth, I'm sorry.\" \"Don't do that again.\" She said \"Though if you'll be nice, my offer still stands.\" A/N: 6.000 freaking words guys… I'm very much done typing now thank you very much Till next time, -Winged Element[Chapter 24] A/N: Here I am again, typing the very next day! Woot! I honestly can't believe that I'm not sick of writing at this point… Anywho, I'm gonna jump right into this in hopes that I can finish it before I have to go to class. It's a fifty fifty shot, so I better get going huh? ;p Disclaimer: Oh I don't know, I'm running out of ideas here guys… Guest: I'm glad it made you happy :) Thanks for the review ! Kind Heart Vlad smiled at the young woman who squatted before him, he loved her, he truly did, that was why he had tried to spook her just a little bit. He had thought that she didn't get it, didn't understand that he was a vampire as they really were, powerful and dangerous, not something to be trifled with, but clearly that hadn't been the issue. To be perfectly honest he was a little concerned at her eagerness to help him, to offer herself to him, it made him wonder what was going on inside that head of hers. \"I appreciate the offer but really, I'll be okay.\" He said, running his hand over her soft short hair. \"Are you sure?\" she asked yet again. \"Why are you so eager for me to bite you?\" he asked in return, he wanted to know, he knew that some people enjoyed it but this was the first time that he'd actually run into one of those people, well that was jumping to conclusions, he didn't know if Mina was one of those people, it just certainly seemed like it so far in their conversation… what an odd twist of fate that would be… he mused to himself as Mina sat back on her heels, the dress she was wearing bunching up oddly as she did. \"Partly because I think you're lying about not really needing it, and partly because I'm a little bit curious as to what it feels like, do you know?\" she asked him, the former prince shook his head. \"No, though from what I understand it hurts, just like getting bit by anything would. I've been bit by horses and dogs plenty of times before though.\" He said, giving her a sly grin. \"Are you absolutely sure?\" she asked once more and Vlad made a face at her \"Do you really want me to bite you?\" he grumbled, he wasn't so against the offer, but he didn't really need it and didn't want to hurt her unnecessarily. \"No, no, I just want to be sure, I'd rather have you do it while I'm expecting it than when I'm not.\" She said and Vlad simply raised a brow at her \"What do you mean?\" he said, all of a sudden very confused by the whole thing, Mina just sighed at him \"Vlad, I'm spending the night here.\" \"Yes, I was assuming you would.\" He said, nodding, that made sense. \"Aaaannnd, what?\" he just blinked at her as she gestured at him vaguely. She sighed \"Did you think that nothing would happen?\" He tilted his head and Mina slapped her forehead in frustration. What on earth was she going on about? \"Sex Vlad.\" She said and he felt his mouth open in a small 'o' he felt himself start to blush a little as well and Mina sighed \"It is the 21st century, people do do that outside of marriage now.\" Vlad rubbed the back of head in embarrassment \"I uh…\" \"Oh you are so thick sometimes, I swear.\" She grumbled and the former prince mumbled an apology under his breath \"I'm sorry, I uh, I know…I just… I just didn't think.\" He said quietly, still blushing furiously. Mina laughed now, and placed a soft kiss on his forehead. \"You are so out of the times, you know that?\" she whispered in his ear. His head snapped over to look at her \"I am not!\" he said and she laughed harder. \"Vlad have you seen your phone?\" she said \"What's wrong with my phone?\" he asked, feeling awfully defensive now that she was going after him, he tried to keep up on the times, he really really did. \"It's a flip phone, you need a new one.\" She said \"I just got a new one.\" He shot back, and he had, it'd only been a couple years since he'd gotten a new phone, this one still worked too. \"It doesn't work like that anymore, you get a new one every couple of years.\" \"But… but that doesn't make any sense…\" he grumbled, sinking farther back into the couch. Mina laughed at him again, kissing his cheek this time. \"It's okay.\" He wrapped his arms around her and pulled her in for a big hug now, the mood completely lightened. He couldn't say that he was happy about it being at the expense of his old ideas but he would take it. \"So…\" she said after a few moments \"Hmm?\" he asked, still tired, still wanting to slip back into pleasant dreams with his love in his arms \"Did you really think that nothing would happen?\" she asked and he sighed, feeling silly for his slip \"No, I just… I didn't even think about it, I… slip into old gentlemanly habits sometimes.\" He said in explanation, Mina smiled at him and shook her head. \"You're such an old man.\" He frowned at her \"I am not!\" she just rolled her eyes and gave him a sly grin \"So what about now?\" she asked, leaning up in his lap and kissing him, he grinned into the kiss and pulled her higher into his lap \"It might be on my mind now…\" he whispered into ear, allowing more of his natural accent to leak into his voice. Mina tilted her head back and sighed as he trailed small kisses down her neck, licking softly along her pulse line, the hunger in his belly flaring up at the proximity of her heartbeat, he felt her laugh against his lips \"You can still do it, you know.\" A/N: Heheheh… I'm evil and I love it… Till next time, -Winged Element[Chapter 25] A/N: Hey guys, I'm currently in my electrical machinery class, yes I'm summer classes, yes I'm crazy for doing so. But… my last two semesters are going to be super easy because of it. So right now things are a bit hectic since I'm working full time and going to school full time so updates are going to be a bit odd and for that I apologize in advance. There will be a long chapter update when I finish classes to make up for my lack around finals week. Now I will shut up and give you the chapter. Disclaimer: How many times do I have to explain that I am an engineer? Louisaaa: I'm sorry! I'm glad you like it though and thanks for the review! Guest: I'm sorry! I had finals… also I like cliffhangers waaaaaayyyy too much. I'm glad you like it though and thanks for the review! Tender Touch Mina wanted to start laughing as Vlad went right for her pulse point. Now that she knew, thinking back on previous make out sessions, he always did that, liked to lick ad nuzzle along her neck. Now she knew there was a reason for it. The former prince growled lightly at her suggestion and Mina started chuckling again. \"Do you like to torture yourself?\" she asked, feeling the tension in his shoulders. He leaned back into the couch, looking at her curiously. She ginned, tilting her head back and watching as his eyes drifted down to her pulse. He glanced back up at her and grinned a little bit. \"Perhaps I do.\" He said slyly, Mina wanted to roll her eyes at his antics but he just leaned back down again and went back to what he was doing before and the blonde just sighed. Vlad chuckled against her skin and slowly worked his way back up to her mouth. He kissed her full on the mouth, and then pulled away, looking deeply into her eyes, she smiled, seeing those old, old eyes so full of love, love for her, looking right at her. \"I love you.\" He confirmed what his eyes were already saying. Mina pecked his lips once before answering \"I love you too.\" He smiled at her, the edges of his eyes crinkling slightly as he did. The two of them just sat there for a bit, looking lovingly at one another, small kisses exchanged here or there before slowly working up in intensity. Eventually Vlad suggested that they move to the bedroom and Mina just looked at him confused \"What's wrong with right here?\" she asked, honestly curious as to his reasoning for wanting to move, she was worked up, and didn't want to go anywhere, she just wanted to go, right here, right now. \"I…\" he stopped, thought for a moment and then sighed \"nothing I suppose, I just…\" he stopped again, waited for a moment then bent down to kiss her once more \"never mind.\" -Forever and a Day- Mina woke up the next morning feeling satisfied and a little sore if she was totally honest with herself, it had been a long time since she had really felt into it enough to sleep with another person. She rolled over and looked at the man lying beside her, Vlad had at one point, finally convinced her to move to his bedroom, and she was grateful for that now, his bed was fantastically comfortable, she realized as she stretched. She looked over at him again, he was twitching lightly in his sleep, who knew that vampires had dreams, she mused, and then thought about her last statement again, it was rather crazy for her to think that only yesterday she had been wondering what was so strange about her boyfriend and now, knowing that he was the Dracula… well, it was surprising to say the least. Vlad twitched again, grumbling something under his breath that was half a word and half a growl. Mina giggled silently, watching him as he slept, which should have been a little creepy but… well at least she was the human in this relationship, she thought to herself as she thought back to recent vampires in the media. She flopped back on her back again, looking up at the massive canopy over her head. She wasn't ready to get out of bed but she was most certainly awake at this point. She looked over to the nightstand and blinked in mild surprise. There was a water glass sitting there. The blonde shifted into a more upright position and took a drink, she didn't remember Vlad getting up to get that at any point… She shrugged the thought off as she set it back down and looked over to the former prince on her left. He lifted a lip and growled deeply, though his eyes never opened. Mina raised a brow, something was wrong now, she was fairly certain that he was having a nightmare, the thought solidified when he gripped the sheets tightly and growled again. The sound sent a shiver down the young woman's spine, he'd growled playfully at her last night but this… this was a threat. She reached over and touched his shoulder, trying gently to rouse him from his dreams. The vampire didn't react, simply growled again, shoulder jerking from her grip. Mina's lips flattened into a concerned, determined line and she grabbed both of the man's shoulders, shaking him roughly. \"Vlad!\" she said, the man didn't rouse and she tried again \"Vlad!\" louder this time. This did incite a reaction, though not what she expected. Vlad shot upright, face twisted in a snarl, eyes a strange dark black and still foggy with sleep and confusion. He panted and then seemed to register where he was and who he was with. He took one look at the startled woman beside him and his face cleared, his fangs disappearing along with his confusion. \"I'm sorry,\" he said, leaning back on his elbows and looking rather shamefaced \"I didn't mean to startle you. Good morning? I suppose?\" A/N: Poor Vlad, all confused and stuck in dreamland. Till next time, -Winged Element[Chapter 26] A/N: Hello again everyone! Typing from class again ^^; I'm going to type a chapter for this particular work first cause I need to watch cutscenes for Wrinkle in Time and I need to watch an episode of the DMC anime so… yeah I'm going to be typing this one first this week, not that that means anything to you but I thought I'd let you know Disclaimer: Zap zap engineer remember madison: Hahaha, here's the new chapter, they usually come out on Tuesdays and there will be a really big update when I finish my summer classes to make up for all that I've missed. They are a cute couple and yes, Luke Evans is one fine specimen of a man. When I saw the rose garden scene initially, it really reminded me of the original story of Dracula, so I think it almost makes it like he's seeing way into the future when he first gets turned. I may write some M rated chapters that I'll put up separately so the rating can stay down on this one, but I'll make sure to tell everyone what they're called and when I'm uploading them. But I'm excited to go forward with this story and thanks so much for the review! Her Open Mind Vlad was still reeling from the nightmare as he looked at Mina who looked at him in surprise and concern. \"Good morning.\" She said back, giving him a small worried smile, she reached forward and brushed a loose piece of hair away from his face. \"Are you okay?\" she asked. He sighed and nodded, trying to shake off the horror of his nightmare. It wasn't something easily remedied or ignored. \"I'm fine.\" He said quietly, kissing her forehead and hoping that he hadn't scared her too much in that moment. \"What was that?\" she asked and he sighed, he had been hoping that she wouldn't ask but that was a rather lost cause. \"I… was having a nightmare.\" He explained \"It was about the one who made me, as it often is, about him taking all that I love from me all over again, making me do horrific things that I never would do in my waking hours.\" \"Does this happen often?\" she asked, running a hand down his cheek, he sighed and leaned into her touch \"Not as much anymore, but now… now I'm worried about losing you.\" He said quietly and she smiled and kissed the tip of his nose. \"I'm not going anywhere.\" They both seemed to know that it wouldn't be by her own will that something should happen to her but they both ignored that idea for now, her word were enough to calm his racing mind and warm his cold heart. They just sat for a few moments, enjoying the slow Saturday morning as should be done with mid Saturday mornings. Then Mina leaned back against his chest and Vlad looked down to meet her eyes. \"So what was up with your face there a few minutes ago?\" she asked, reaching up and poking the end of his nose, he twitched back slightly, surprised by the sudden action. \"What?\" he asked, then realized that she meant his eyes, the way that his face changed when he truly let go of his instincts, let himself be the monster that he was. \"Oh. Um… I was scared, and angry, that's just what happens, I'm not human anymore, I don't always look like one either.\" \"Can I see?\" she asked and he sighed, there was no way he was going to be able to convince her otherwise. \"Are you sure?\" he asked, hoping she'd say no, instead she just nodded and he sighed again, shaking his head, before closing his eyes and concentrating on the hunger in his belly the feel of being the monster and nothing else, the thrill of hunt, of battle. He opened his eyes again, and Mina looked a little surprised, he could only hold it for half a second as watching her face brought him back to himself. \"Sorry, it's… not like moving my arm, it's not something that I really control…\" \"That's alright.\" She said, interrupting him before he could continue, \"I just wanted to see what it was.\" Her stomach gave a loud gurgle then and she blushed furiously, Vlad just laughed, \"Perhaps it's time for breakfast?\" he said with a grin. Mina nodded, her cheeks still bright red. -Forever and a Day- They both headed down to the kitchen and the former prince asked his girlfriend, his stomach fluttering with butterflies like he was a boy again when he thought of her that way, what she wanted for breakfast. \"I don't know, what do you want?\" she asked him instead with typical female fashion. Vlad smirked \"I don't think what I want would agree with you so well.\" He said, and then she blinked and blushed again, seeming to realize her mistake, she was about say something else when he laughed and said \"But I do think I'm going to make myself a cup of coffee, would you like one?\" she nodded and he got the pot going \"You do like coffee?\" she asked, remembering their conversation several weeks back at the coffee shop, one of their first dates. He nodded, pulling mugs from the cupboard and cream from the fridge \"I wasn't lying when I said the Turks made the best coffee either, now, when it comes to breakfast I suppose asking what you want is the wrong first question, I should be looking at what I have in the fridge.\" \"I noticed you don't have a lot of food in there.\" She said, opening the doors and eyeing the rather bare shelves. He walked up behind her and chuckled \"I don't eat much, hard to justify buying food when it'll just go bad.\" He said and looked the shelves up and down once himself, his eyes catching on a can of cinnamon rolls. He picked it up. \"Do you like these?\" he asked, Mina nodded \"Great.\" He said, turning to the oven and adjusting the temperature accordingly. As he got them ready, checking the can every once and a while, Mina poured the coffee into the mugs \"Do you want cream?\" she asked, Vlad shook his head, popping the rolls in the oven as soon as the preheat turned off, set the timer and turned back to the blonde, who was just handing him a mug. \"Thanks.\" He said, taking a cautious sip, enjoying the way it warmed his throat. \"So…\" Mina started \"How often do you… well… eat?\" A/N: That was a really shitty stopping point, I know, but I couldn't think of anywhere else soon to leave it, and I also have a few other things that I want to take care of before I go to bed so… yeah. Till next time, -Winged Element[Chapter 27] A/N: Hello! Still typing in class… though I am taking all the notes and that's really all that matters for this class, it's where all the important info is so… yeah, paying attention isn't super necessary. Though my professor shouts a lot, it's pretty hilarious, he's awfully animated about what he talks about, and he's African so he has a really fun accent to listen to. :) So kind of paying attention? But also typing? Disclaimer: It's in the air gap! (The flux) A Look of Surprise Mina had never thought that she would have the opportunity to say that she'd seen the famed Dracula himself staring at her uncomfortably. She smirked a little as he adjusted his stance, glancing at the oven timer as though it would save him, even though he'd just put the rolls inside. \"I uh…\" he sighed then and looked up at her \"do you really want to know that?\" she nodded at him and he sighed again \"Fairly regularly, every other week or so I go out and hunt, I don't always feed directly from people though.\" Mina nodded, she had expected something like that. \"Where do you get it? The blood, I mean.\" She asked, she wasn't sure why she was so curious about this, maybe because she had grown up thinking that vampires were myths and now there was one standing in front of her, or maybe because of simple morbid curiosity, either way, she could tell that Vlad wasn't super comfortable with her asking. \"I…\" he blushed faintly and looked at the oven timer \"I compel Red Cross workers to hold some for me at blood drives.\" Mina couldn't help the loud blurt of laughter that escaped her lips. Vlad grumbled under his breath and sipped his coffee grouchily, Mina just laughed harder at his expression. \"I'm sorry,\" she said \"it's just that… I feel like they almost deserve it, they never stop calling, and if you answer… they never leave you alone.\" She was still laughing and heard Vlad sigh, seeming fed up with her antics. When Mina calmed down she looked over and saw the former prince leaning back against the counter, looking out the window at the mid-morning light, arm crossed over his chest. The blonde found herself thinking back to last night and all of a sudden it seemed to be a lot hotter in the room. Vlad looked over at her, an eyebrow raised, she blushed harder but stepped up to the man and pulled him down into a passionate, fiery kiss. She felt him suck in a surprised breath as she did and she smirked against his lips before getting sucked up into the moment herself. Things were just about to get interesting when the oven timer shrilly reminded them of the cinnamon rolls they had been cooking, simultaneously Mina's phone started ringing from the living room where she'd left it last night. The couple both sighed \"The world is against us right now.\" The young blonde said and Vlad just chuckled and kissed her forehead before buttoning his shirt back up \"There'll be plenty of time for that later.\" He said, Mina raised a brow at him and smirked before standing to retrieve her phone before it went to voicemail. Vlad headed to the kitchen to save the cinnomony goodness from burning. Mina looked at her phone, surprised that it hadn't died in the middle of the night and answered the second she saw her sister's name. \"Hey Rebecca, what's up?\" she asked, leaning back on the couch. \"I just wanted to see if you were still alive, you said that you'd tell me how your date went, I figured that since you hadn't called that Vlad turned out to be a crazy serial killer and you were dead, but I thought I should double check just in case you just forgot.\" Mina just smiled, her sister could certainly jump to conclusions, conclusions that now that she was thinking about it, weren't that far from the truth. \"I'm fine.\" She said, looking up from her phone as Vlad walked back in the room and handed her a plate, she mouthed a thank you at him and he smiled, sitting down next to her, steaming mug in hand. \"Well then?\" Rebecca demanded, sounding way more awake than Mina preferred in her mid-morning Saturdays. The blonde heard grumbling in the background and laughed lightly when Jess's voice, indistinct and sleepy, sounded out something that she was sure meant shut up. \"Well, I'm actually still at his house.\" She said when the sounds on the other side quieted down. \"Shut up!\" her sister said excitedly \"Did you do the deed?\" she asked and Mina felt her cheeks heat up when Vlad chuckled next to her. \"Yes…\" she grumbled, blushing harder when Rebecca squeed. \"Was he any good? I bet he was good.\" Mina was about to just hang up in embarrassment as her sister continued to ramble. She looked over at Vlad who was doing his best to not burst into laughter. She punched his shoulder lightly and he just shook his head, still shaking in silent laughter. \"Yes.\" The blonde said flatly into the phone, and pulled it away from her ear as Rebecca started at it again, only louder this time. When she put the phone back to her face she could hear Jess asking what was going on, clearly giving up on the idea of sleep. \"Rebecca,\" Mina interrupted, her sister didn't answer. She jolted slightly when Vlad gently pulled the phone from her grip. \"Rebecca, I'm afraid I need to take your sister's attention again for a while.\" He said slyly and Mina felt her jaw fall open, he did not need to egg her on! He laughed at something she said and then replied \"I will.\" And then he ended the call, smirking as though he'd just won the lottery. Mina fumed \"What did she say to you?\" Vlad grinned, exposing a single fang \"Wouldn't you like to know?\" A/N: Hahahaha, Vlad you're digging yourself a hole and you don't even know it XD Till next time, -Winged Element[Chapter 28] A/N: More typing in class, I'm still a terrible student Disclaimer: Woot woot Guest: I usually post this one on Tuesdays, but I'm a bit off right now, I'm glad you like it so much though! Thanks for the review! Guest: I like the cute steamy stuff too :3 It's a fun border to dance on, thanks so much for the review! A Look of Anger Vlad felt his grin start to slip when Mina's look of anger didn't fade, instead, upon hearing his last comment, she just started to look furious. \"What. Did. She. Say.\" She demanded, each word a command in and of itself, Vlad leaned back on the couch, feeling more than a little intimidated. He shouldn't be, he was an extremely powerful vampire, and she a mere mortal but the look she was giving could've frozen armies in fear. \"She said to make sure to give you a good time\" he said nervously, hoping to appease her by just giving in and telling her. \"Did she now…?\" the blonde had one pale eyebrow raised, looking for all the world like the definition of an unspoken threat. \"Yes…?\" Vlad couldn't help but speak the word as a question, he wasn't sure what she wanted in this moment. \"Are you sure…?\" she asked, moving everything out of the way and crawling onto his lap, fingers dancing over his covered chest. \"Pretty sure…\" the vampire said slowly, still wondering what Mina was after, he liked where this was going but he couldn't shake the anxiety building in his stomach. \"Hmmm…\" Mina's fingers danced for another couple of agonizing seconds before abruptly digging into his sides. Vlad howled with laughter at the unexpected action, he hadn't been tickled in… well a very, very long time and time had made him very sensitive to the action. He eventually managed to roll them over and pull Mina's hands away from the weak points on his sides but the damage had already been done. She knew where his spots were. \"That…. Was not smart.\" He was trying to be spooky, at least in a playful sort of way but his lack of breath didn't help him in that regard. Mina simply tried to get a handle on her giggling beneath him. \"I took down the king of vampires with my bare hands.\" She giggled, wiggling her fingers in his direction. He scowled \"Judging by where I now have you, I'd say that you hardly took me down.\" He said, loving the way her eyes lit up at the challenge. \"I think I could take you down if I wanted to.\" She replied, leaning up to breathe the words into his ear. Vlad couldn't help the shiver that ran down his spine at the suggestion. \"Could you now?\" he said, his lips brushing hers in their proximity. \"Is that a challenge?\" \"Maybe.\" -Forever and a Day- Some time later found the two of them laying comfortably on Vlad's bed, looking lovingly at each other as they wound down from their experience. \"That…\" Vlad sighed \"was amazing….\" He hadn't done such things in a very, very long time. At least not since he had been with Mirena, even then though, some ideas weren't common practice in his time when it came to making love, not like they were now… \"You're telling me.\" Mina said back, though he still noticed her wince when she touched a spot on her neck. \"I'm sorry.\" He said, guilt washing through him, he hadn't even bitten her and yet, he had still injured her in a way. \"It's fine!\" Mina said quickly, too quickly, Vlad frowned \"It's just going to be one hell of a hickey, that's for sure.\" She said this with a smile but the former prince couldn't help but think that he had caused her pain and that was just something he didn't want to do. \"Let me see.\" He said and felt his lip twitch when Mina rolled her eyes at him. \"Just let me see.\" He insisted. \"Fine, fine.\" She acquiesced, tilting her head to the side. Vlad looked at the area and to his irritation, he could already see a bruise forming where he'd sucked far too hard on her neck. \"I'm sorry, I was too rough with you.\" He said, worrying his lip between his teeth, although her neck did provide further temptation, it had been hard enough in the midst of the act not to just bite down in a moment of passion… he shook his head, he couldn't think such things about Mina. He wouldn't bring her into this life again, wouldn't force his nature upon her. Though she's already a part of your world… a small part of him spoke up, he pushed it back down. She wanted to know… he reasoned with himself, looking back at Mina, who was now laughing. \"Too rough? Since clearly my shouts were not enough to tip you off, I very much enjoyed the rough treatment.\" Vlad felt his cheeks flush at her words. He knew how much more open about sex the world was now but it still felt… wrong… awkward? Yes, awkward to him to hear things so blatantly stated. \"I… I'm glad you enjoyed yourself…\" he said, still blushing. This of course just made Mina laugh harder. \"We literally just had sex and you can't even talk about it. You are the definition of old fashioned. What did you people talk about in those days?\" \"We still talked about it, we were just more… subtle about it.\" He said defiantly, Mina was still smirking. Vlad grumbled and stood to gather his clothes. \"So what do you want to do with the rest of today?\" she asked, getting the idea and pulling on her own garments. \"You're the guest.\" He said, he didn't care, as long as he got to be with her. \"I don't know, you're the host.\" She shot back, but he could see that she was still contemplating it all the same. \"We could go shopping, or I wouldn't mind exploring your library…\" Vlad smiled, it had taken him a long time to acquire all those books but he was still proud of his collection all the same. \"Or little dove, you might want to be out of the way for a while…\" came a third voice and Vlad felt himself tense in anger. A/N: I know, I know, I'm working on the amount I owe you so… yeah. Till next time, -Winged Element[Chapter 29] A/N: Yup, working on it, I know I'm late. Disclaimer: Kablooey Guest: I'm soooo sorry that I didn't post last week, I was kind of not motivated to do anything… like at all… Either way, I hope this chapter makes up for it! Thanks for the review! Anna: I'm glad you like it! I tried to pull up the link you sent me but it won't open :( I want to see it… Thanks for the review! Mina felt a shiver run up her spine at the voice, it was slimy and wriggled into her ears in a manner that she wasn't fond of at all. Though at the same time, it was a voice that had a sort of power, a sort of majesty to it all the same, and maybe that was why she didn't like it. She knew who it was before even laying eyes on them for the first time. It was a man, a creature she had never seen but the description that Vlad had given her was enough to know by the voice that it could be no one else. \"Get out of my home.\" Vlad growled. It wasn't the kind of playful growls he'd given her, this was anger and rage and malice wrapped into a single sound. \"My poor prince, I am the one who gave you your power, your life and you command me from your home without hearing me out.\" Vlad snarled and the man gave a light huff \"I see how it is.\" The man almost seemed to fly forward in that moment and pin Vlad back against the wall. \"Perhaps I have forgotten in my old age, but I do believe that you encroached upon my home all those years ago as well.\" Vlad simply grunted in response, clawing at the hand on his throat. The Master vampire turned to look and Mina and the blonde froze. Her legs felt as though they had been turned to stone in a single glance. Some back part of her mind almost wanted to check to ensure that they hadn't in fact, turned to stone. \"Here she is, the lovely Mina, all over again, how many times will you fail at this my fledgling?\" he glanced at the vampire he had pinned against the wall. \"Please… let him go…\" Mina whispered, all she was capable of making her throat say in her fear locked state. \"Oh I wouldn't be so worried about him my dear, not at the moment.\" The Master said and Mina felt able enough to back up a step \"No, no, I'm not going to hurt you, it's far too much fun to watch the young prince screw things up again and again. For all of eternity.\" With each word he took a step forward, releasing Vlad from his grip and the younger vampire fell to the ground, coughing and trying to clear his airway again. Mina felt her back press up against the wall and she shivered as the creature before her looked into her eyes so deeply that she was sure that he must see every secret that she'd ever kept in her entire life. \"You are such a sweet innocent flower,\" he said and she thought that she almost saw a whisper of guilt in that wrinkled face. \"I hate to take that away from you…\" \"Don't you dare lay a single hand on her…\" came the growl from the ground as Vlad stood again, challenging his maker once more. \"You won't hurt her, you will leave here, now and never come to torment me or my loved ones again.\" He stood, eye to eye with the ancient being in front of him and then the Master laughed, leaning back with mirth, entertained by the whole scenario \"You think you can challenge me boy?\" He said, his face suddenly changed, seeming darker, more agitated, angered and yet, Mina could see that he was weighed down by something, something that went far beyond any of their understanding she was sure. \"You know nothing of which you speak, I gave you a small sample of my power, a taste, nothing more. You are meant to be my pawn, you are meant to serve me, I have allowed you freedom but perhaps I have allowed for too much.\" His voice was low, growling now, he looked over to Mina and she flinched, terrified of what was going to come. \"Don't you dare lay a finger on her!\" Vlad snarled, taking another step forward, he was ready to die for the woman before him, he had given up his humanity for her once, and she had died for him, he felt it was long past the time that he did the same for her. \"Oh, I wouldn't be worried about me hurting her.\" The ancient being said with a twisted grin, stepping up to the former prince. And then the two moved so rapidly that Mina had difficulty following it, all she knew is that there was a couple of snarls and then Vlad was on the ground, blood pooling around him and the Master was flicking blood from his claw-like fingers. \"I would worry about yourself.\" And with that he disappeared. Mina dropped to her knees next to Vlad, trying to reach for him, trying to ascertain the damage that had been done. \"Vlad!\" she exclaimed, trying to get him to roll over. \"Don't!\" he managed, coughing, flecks of blood coming up with it. He was in so much pain now, his chest burned, his throat felt like ice… and there was poor Mina, trying to help him, trying to help the creature that right now wanted nothing more than to tear into her and eat her alive. \"Why?\" she said softly, he could feel the heat of her hands hovering right over his face, oh how he wanted so badly to bite into those delicate wrists… he could hear her heart beat like a pounding bass drum in the background, he couldn't though, couldn't take her life away from her, not like this. He could still taste the Master's blood on his tongue, the harsh, dark taste that reminded him of the day he was turned… -Forever and a Day- \"Drink, Dracula.\" The man had said, he remembered all too well the stench of that cave, the eeriness of the man's gaze, the moist, rotten taste to the air. He had lifted that crushed skull to his lips and drank the man's still warm blood, choking on the thick, metallic liquid. At the time it had been a chore to try and even swallow it, for he didn't have the bloodlust that he now lived with. He coughed as the blood burned like liquor down his throat and settled in his belly like a blazing fire, his heart was pounding something fierce and black spots collected at the edge of his vision. \"What now?\" he managed, the ragged husk of a man had looked at him, something akin to glee in his gaze. \"Now, you die.\" He said and for a moment Vlad was sure he'd been tricked, that the man had poured some poison into the skull and now he was going to die and be drained of his blood just like his comrades had been. His balance failed him and he stumbled, senses spinning and too dull to register the pain of hitting the rocks like a rag doll. The black spots clouded his vision and then… then he knew no more… The next time he had awoken, he was far down river from the mountain, far from the monstrosity that had told him that he would make him into a monster with the power to save his people. The man hadn't lied, no at the time Vlad felt like a new person, he could see farther than he ever had before, hear things no other man could… but it hadn't taken long for the hunger to set in. It was easily ignored in the heat of battle, in the wonder of his new forms and the discovery of the strength of many men. But before the end of the night… he had taken notice of the blistering icy hunger in his stomach and that ached in his teeth… -Forever and a Day- Vlad came to as Mina was shaking his shoulder and as he did, reregistering the pain in his chest and the building hunger within. The blonde had rolled up her sleeve and was about to press a blade to her own wrist when Vlad shot upright. \"What are you thinking?!\" he demanded, terrified of her hurting herself. \"I… you weren't waking up…\" she said, looking terrified herself \"So you thought that…\" he grunted, putting a hand to his chest, there was a gaping hole in it again for the second time in far too soon. \"slicing yourself open would help how?\" he demanded, she flinched and then her face hardened. She seemed to have learned to know when he was angry for her sake and when he was just angry. \"I don't know how vampires work Vlad, I was sure that giving you blood would help if nothing else.\" She snapped angrily, she looked at his ruined shirt and the wound beneath it and he could see the edges of her face turn a little green. \"Are you… going to be okay?\" she asked and he nodded, unsure of how else to respond. \"I should be, it's not even the first time I've had a hole put in me this week.\" He tried to joke but Mina was falling for it. \"Please, Vlad, tell me what I can do to help…\" she implored. He winced again and tried to think past the ache of hunger and the throbbing pain. \"In…. in the drawer in the fridge… there might be blood in there… I… can't remember right now…\" he closed his eyes as he tried to think and heard the pat-pat-pat of Mina's feet as she bolted to the kitchen. Moments later she returned and brought with her the smell of cinnamon, reminding the vampire that it wasn't far past morning and that not too long ago they had been snuggled safely in bed as most couples usually were after a very, very good night. Alongside the smell of cinnamon there was another scent, one that caused a low, hungry growl to leak past his lips unbidden. He opened his eyes and saw Mina back up slightly, he knew he had to look more like a feral animal in this moment than a person but it didn't matter, all that mattered was the object she was holding out to him. He grabbed it and tore off the corner with sharpened teeth before sucking down its contents like a man rescued from the desert. It ran dry far quicker than the former prince had hoped and he took a large gasping breath afterward. It hadn't done much to abate his hunger, though the wound on his chest had barely started to close, less of a hole now and more of an open wound. Mina was watching him with wide eyes. \"I… I'm a little better now… was there… any more than what you brought?\" he asked softly as to not scare her. She shook her head \"No, I brought the only one that was in there.\" She said, she took a deep breath and then squatted down next to him. \"Vlad… What I had offered before, that offer still stands.\" The vampire looked at her, he likely wouldn't hurt her at this point but he didn't want to bring her closer to what he was… \"I can tell that you need this.\" She said, her eyes warm and open. \"I… I… Are you sure about this?\" he said, she just met his eyes and nodded, the perfect picture of the wife he had lost the same way all those years ago. \"I am.\" A/N: I'm an awful person! Till next time, -Winged Element[Chapter 30] A/N: Alright, and away we go again, between this week and next week I should be able to get through most if not all of the make up chapter (ie thousands of words) that I owe you guys. Cause I really do feel guilty when I don't update often. So since just before the spring semester let out I started keeping track of how many chapters I owe you guys and here we go with the what I do, some of it will be in the chapter for this week (which will likely be a little late), and next week but I will also be posting an M rated chapter for this fic just to satisfy myself and those who want it and those words will also go towards the final count. Don't worry though, you won't be missing any major story points in the M rated chapter, I don't want to take away from the main fic either. Anywho, I'll stop rambling and get on with this monster. Disclaimer: I. Do. Not. Own. Dracula. (you put pauses in there, I know you did ;)) Guest: I do in fact write smut, I've written quite a lot of smut… and don't worry, I'll let you guys know what the oneshot's called so you can look it up, cause there'll be a oneshot of some good Vlad and Mina smut. Thanks for the review! Anna: I'm adding more now! Don't panic! OMG I found it, that is so freaking cute! I love that he bought her the flowers in it! :3 Thanks so much for the review! A Taste So Sweet Vlad took a deep breath, despite how much he wanted this he wasn't sure he was ready for it either. He didn't want to hurt Mina, didn't want to prove the Master right with his actions. He knew that the ancient bastard would know about this, he always knew things, it drove the vampire crazy with how accurate he was. \"Are you really sure?\" he asked, though his fangs pounded in time with her heartbeat, she looked at him. \"It's just a little blood Vlad, you act like I've never had blood drawn or donated it before, the only weird thing about this is the method and where it's going afterward.\" He raised his eyebrows at her and she sighed, rolling her eyes at the same time \"Yes, I'm sure.\" She said, and that was when Vlad loosened the restraints on the monster inside of himself. He leaned forward, cradling her head in his hands, tilting it back and to the side, giving himself enough room to get what he needed. He just held that position for a moment, inhaling the sweet scent that lifted off of her skin, he couldn't help but to enjoy it, he could feel Mina chuckle nervously at he did. His fingers instinctively wrapped into her short hair, keeping her head tied to one spot and keeping her from moving it. \"Try not to move, this will probably hurt…\" he said, leaning down to where her neck met her shoulder, a spot that was less obvious and also wouldn't cause as much permanent damage. His tongue unconsciously ran over the area where her blood pulsed stronger, and it picked up at he did just as he bit down. His fangs broke the skin with little resistance, her blood flowed thick and warm into his hungry throat and he couldn't help the sigh that escaped him. It tasted almost the same as it had all those years ago, almost the very same as his Mirena, this one wasn't as much his yet as Mirena had been but she still had accepted him in almost the same no nonsense fashion that his wife had. Mina flinched when she felt Vlad's teeth in her shoulder, though the pain dulled quickly and was replaced with a warm, pulsing pleasure that reminded her all too easily of other activities and despite having her blood drawn she felt her cheeks flare a bright hot red. The vampire on her shoulder sighed through his nose, his breath cool on her shoulder, it had surprised her that he had gone for her shoulder rather than her throat, she would have thought that that would have been his first instinct. She was trying to relax but couldn't find it in herself to do so, she was too filled with excitement in the form of a bite and whatever drug or magic was tingling in her veins at the moment. Vlad gave up sooner than he would have liked but he didn't want to come even close to hurting her right now. Not when the Master's ominous words still rang in his ears. He hadn't been wrong before and he didn't want to prove him right again. And so he pulled away, licking over the area a few times as to not let what leaked out on its own go to waste. \"Don't stop…\" Mina whispered and Vlad leaned back, looking at her curiously \"Mina?\" he asked, propping up all of her weight now rather than just her head. She sat up a little sloppily and grinned at him, her eyes slightly glazed \"That wasn't that bad.\" She said \"It was actually kinda nice…\" she said and Vlad raised an eyebrow. \"I… uh, are you okay, I didn't think I took too much but maybe I did…\" \"No, no… I just… wow…\" she seemed to be coming down from her high but slowly, not as swiftly as Vlad would have liked. \"I'm going to have you lay down.\" He said, lifting her easily to her feet. \"No! You're still hurt! …\" she paused and he could feel her hand on the bare skin of his chest. \"Thas kinda creepy.\" She said, still trying to get full function of her own mouth and tongue, they both felt kinda fuzzy, like when she was drunk, or at least a little tipsy. \"I'll be okay, you helped fix me up more than you know.\" He lay her gently on the couch. \"Just stay here for a minute, okay?\" he said, and then changed forms, disappearing in a flurry of tiny wings. Mina felt completely back to her normal state of mind when Vlad exploded into a storm of bats and just vanished into the rest of the huge house. He reappeared only a few seconds later, practically materializing out of thin air. \"You said you could do that but…\" Mina watched him with wide eyes, still waiting for it to happen again without warning. \"Sorry, I didn't meant to frighten you, here drink this.\" He handed her a glass of what had to be lemonade and immediately began tending to her shoulder with stinging peroxide \"Ow!\" Mina yelped, nearly spilling her drink \"Some warning next time!\" Vlad smiled sheepishly and just went back to tending her wound with gentler hands this time. \"What do you think you're going to infect me with some crazy bacteria or is your mouth just that dirty?\" she raised a brow, Vlad blushed \"I bite a lot of things, besides, it's better safe than sorry.\" He said softly, continuing his work. Mina took a sip of the drink and nearly choked on it. Vlad started back in concern, his hands lifted to help her. \"No, no, it's just really cold.\" She said past the lemonade in her lungs, Vlad seemed to relax slightly and pointed at the drink \"Keep drinking it, it's got sugar in it, it'll help keep you from passing out.\" He said, Mina waved him off, she didn't even feel as lightheaded as she normally did when she gave blood. \"I'll be fine, why's it so cold?\" \"I just made the concentrate… it's all I had…\" the vampire sighed, seeming apologetic for his lack of food in the house. \"Do you at least have chocolate?\" she asked and Vlad made a flat face at her. \"What kind of person would I be if I didn't have some chocolate, though… I hope you like dark chocolate, that's the only kind I keep…\" \"That's splendid, here, give me the bandages, I know how to tape up my own wounds.\" Vlad vanished again, this time he took longer and Mina had time to finish putting a large square bandaid over the wounds, they were a little more extensive than she had anticipated, but then again, he was trying to take her blood, two tiny holes weren't going to cut it. The former prince appeared before her again, a box in his hand and looking noticeably cleaner than he had before. \"So don't tell me that you usually ruin that many nice shirts in a week.\" Mina joked, looking at the more comfortable t-shirt he'd opted for. It was strange to see him in ordinary clothing, perhaps it was just the air of aristocracy about him, perhaps the otherworldly feel, either way, seeing him in a t-shirt with a cartoon dinosaur on it made her laugh. \"No…\" he grumbled and then blushed at her laughter \"why are you laughing?\" \"You just look so… ordinary. What with the t-shirt and sweatpants.\" She gestured and he simply grumbled at her \"I'm allowed to like comfortable clothes too.\" He sat down next to her all the same, pulling a box out of what felt like nowhere and opening the lid. It looked a hell of a lot nicer than what she always went for when it came to chocolate, then again she usually just glided past the clearance section at the supermarket. He offered it to her and she looked at the small dark ovals inside and selected one carefully, lifting it and taking a bite. Mina closed her eyes as to better appreciate the taste. \"Oh god…\" she whispered around the rich and slightly bitter gooeyness in her mouth, the raspberry filling adding the perfect amount of sweetness to the treat. She quickly popped the rest of it into her mouth to as to keep it from melting all over her hand. She could hear Vlad laughing in the background but she didn't care, this was amazing, where on earth did he get this. \"I have friends over in Belgium.\" He said and Mina simply hummed in pure happiness, no chocolate was ever again going to compare to this… \"It's hard to find other human foods that I actually enjoy, this is one of them, but I think since you offered me something much sweeter that I should probably share, it would only be polite.\" The blonde swallowed, trying to find her tongue in the sticky, rich sweetness that was her mouth. \"It's amazing.\" She managed and then after a second his words actually sank in \"Wait did you just comment on the taste of my blood?\" she raised an eyebrow at him. He blushed a little bit \"Yes, I can't enjoy it?\" he said, looking at her with those intense eyes that varied between bright green and a dark black. \"It was sweet, the only sweeter was perhaps…\" he trailed off, seeming to be caught in his memories \"Was it your wife?\" she asked, and the former prince looked up at her again \"Yes, though Mehmet's was sweet with pure vengeance.\" He said and Mina gave a small smile, it was kind of funny in a twisted kind of way \"They do say that vengeance is sweet.\" She said softly, Vlad chuckled and pulled her lightly against him. \"Mina, I'm fairly certain that I love you.\" She pushed back, setting her glass on the table next to the couch and looking up into his eyes \"Only fairly certain?\" she said and he grinned, baring a single fang, though not in hunger, this was the more playful side of his monster as she was coming to learn. \"I love you you little spitfire.\" He said and then leaned in close and the blonde tilted her head back to receive a kiss, only to have the lemonade glass put back in her hands. \"But! You need to relax and finish that juice before anything else. I'm not going to let you endanger yourself for no reason.\" He said and Mina grumbled at him but accepted the drink. \"Fine. How long do I have to wait Mom?\" she asked snarkily. Vlad rolled his eyes \"Until I say so dear.\" Mina giggled but continued to sip on the icy cold juice. -Forever and a Day- It wasn't until late that evening that Mina left, feeling exhausted and worn down from the events of the past couple days. It was hard to think that just a day ago she had found out that her boyfriend was the legendary Dracula himself. That certainly wasn't something that anyone just accepted and moved on with was it? At least that's what she thought it should be but it felt more like the contrary, so her boyfriend was the most infamous of all vampires, big deal, she was more concerned with his maker, the man who wanted to use him as a pawn, the one who delighted in causing his underling pain. Mina wasn't sure she'd be able to concentrate at work tomorrow at all, let alone survive dinner tonight with her sister. It was never anything fancy when the two girls ate dinner together, often they'd just order in, usually the nights that Jenny was off babysitting her young niece and nephew they'd get spicy Tai as her sister's girlfriend couldn't handle the heat. Rebecca squealed upon entering her sister's apartment, carrying the delicious smelling food and the next season of their current binge show. Mina wanted to roll her eyes at her sister's reaction, though she had to suppose that she brought this upon herself. She'd never been interested in guys, and while her sister hadn't been either she'd dated a couple that she said were serious and she tried to have serious relationships with. Mina just had never done that, every relationship that she had ever been in was just for fun right from the very start, both of them knew it and if the guy didn't then he was dropped faster than the hot end of a curling iron. Now there was Vlad… How on earth was she going to explain the past couple days to Rebecca? \"So! How was it!?\" her grin was slightly unnerving Mina with the mischief it promised. Mina sighed and shook her head, helping her sister unpack the food. \"It was… good.\" \"C'mon Mina, you gotta give me the details, was he good in bed, I know you two did the deed but you gotta tell me how he was.\" Mina blushed, thinking back on the night that had been filled with passion after the initial shock of finding out that her boyfriend was undead and one of the strongest mythical monsters of all time. \"Ugh…\" the blonde said as they grabbed both chopsticks and forks and plopped down on the couch. \"He was… intense, he has so much passion for everything he does.\" \"Including sex.\" Rebecca said this as a statement rather than a question, Mina huffed \"Yes, including sex.\" \"Did you guys do anything particularly… adventurous?\" the dirty blonde wiggled her eyebrows and Mina just laughed though her thoughts went to how much attention he had paid to her pulse point and then to later when he actually had bit her… the euphoria that had dashed through her veins… that would most definitely be pushing to be brought into the bedroom. \"No,\" she said \"it was fairly vanilla, but that was okay, it was… meaningful.\" Rebecca smiled genuinely when she said this. \"He's the one for you isn't he?\" she asked, Mina blushed but actually considered the question, she wasn't sure how things would work out considering what he was, but… at the same time… he was a loving and caring man… she flashed back to when he told her who she was to him, the reincarnate of his wife from oh so long ago. It both slightly creeped her out and touched her heart that he had such a devotion to just one person for so long, he had said that just because she was a reincarnate that that didn't change how he felt about her as a person. That if anything meant a lot to her. \"He very well might be.\" She said, the two girls were silent for just a couple minutes, scarfing down their food and thinking. Eventually Rebecca looked up at her and smirked again. \"So what did everyone at work think of your mega hicky there?\" she pointed to the bandaid on Mina's neck. The blonde touched a hesitant hand to it. \"Oh, this? I don't know if anyone noticed it…\" she said, Rebecca just laughed \"Oh they noticed it, I'm sure they were just wondering what kind of kinky weekend you had, she said and Mina blushed furiously, hoping that her sister wasn't right on this one. \"You're awful.\" She told her older sibling \"I'm not the one with the hicky covered with a bandaid.\" She said, reaching forward \"It can't be that bad.\" \"Don't!\" Mina said, leaning back, though Rebecca thought that she was just being coy \"Oh, come on, it can't actually be that bad.\" She managed to grab the edge of the bandage and peel back the corner, and then she stopped when she saw the rusty red that coated the white gauze part. She whistled \"Didn't do anything that adventurous my ass, he actually broke the skin, that's pretty kinky stuff right there.\" She looked at Mina's downcast face \"You were actually okay with that right?\" she said carefully, Mina looked back up at her sister and nodded vigorously. \"I asked him to…\" Rebecca started laughing harder \"You kinky bitch!\" she slapped her sister on the shoulder and the younger blonde sighed inwardly, she could handle her sister's teasing, she had no desire for Becca to think that she was crazy because of the truth. \"Yeah, yeah, are you done interrogating me yet? I want to get a few episodes in before we need to go to bed.\" She grumbled, Rebecca kept chuckling to herself but got up get the TV ready. Mina pulled the rest of the old bandaid off, the adhesive was wearing thin anyway. The dirty blonde sat back down on the couch and whistled \"Does that hurt? It looks pretty rough.\" Mina touched her fingers to the spot, remembering the feeling of Vlad's teeth in her neck and his lips on her skin as he clung to her like a drowning man to a lifeboat. \"It's nothing I can't handle.\" A/N: Okay, so I'm sorry that this is a bit late and not as long as I'd like but I'd like to get something out to you people before Monday, more of the catchup will be thrown into the next chapter, I was a bit distracted this week as I was typing up my backstory for my new DnD character, we just started our campaign tonight and it's pretty fun! Till next time, -Winged Element[Chapter 31] A/N: Hey guys! So this chapter gets priority over my other fictions right now because technically the next chapters for my other stuff are brand new fics that are continuations of the previous, so Forever and a Day first it is. Also I wish you guys could see what I'm eating right now, my cooking skills have definitely improved (and by that I mean I've gotten better at making shit up because that's really all cooking is…), I made stir-fry and it's delicious :3 Disclaimer: I own my stir-fry? A Mystery Quite Intriguing Mina thought she wasn't going to make it through the week at work, it wasn't terribly busy in the office and Carl kept asking her questions that she'd rather not answer. \"Listen Carl, I appreciate your concern, but I can handle myself in a relationship thank you very much.\" \"But really Mina, how much do you know about this guy?\" Mina stood up, ignoring her desk neighbor's comment in favor of heading to the break room to get another cup of coffee. She navigated the halls quickly and grabbed a mug from the cupboard only to close it and jump nearly out of her skin as she realized that she wasn't the only on in the room. \"Oh, hi Pam.\" She said, one hand over her heart in her mild panic. She'd felt so antsy lately but perhaps it was just having to deal with the stress of finding out all the scary stories you were told as a kid were true and that monsters really do lurk in the dark. Pam just grinned at her \"Carl getting on your nerves?\" she asked and Mina nodded \"You have no idea.\" She said and Pam chuckled \"I think I do, I used to be his deskmate until I requested to change and that was just about the time they hired you. I swear that guy gets a crush on just about anything with boobs.\" Mina paused, blinking at the stocky blonde. \"You think he has a crush on me?\" she asked and Pam laughed wholeheartedly \"Honey, like I told you, that man gets a crush on anything with boobs. He very much has a crush on you. Now he probably thinks that you are just playing hard to get by saying you have a boyfriend, if I were you I would show him a picture of the two of you together, that might get him to tone down the \"concern for your wellbeing\".\" Mina paused, she didn't have any pictures of herself and Vlad, Pam seemed to be able to read this in her face \"Oh, you don't have any pictures?\" she said in surprise and then shook her head \"Honey you've been dating this man for what? A couple months? Where on earth are your pictures of the two of you, at least something to make your phone background or your facebook profile while it lasts.\" Mina blushed and then thought about it, I rather funny thought crossing her mind, could she even take pictures with Vlad? She wondered \"What? You think it's funny that I'm beginning to doubt your words about meeting a Mr. Tall dark and handsome?\" \"No, he's just camera shy.\" She said, still giggling at her own joke. \"I call bullshit.\" The other office worker said \"You better get him to warm up to it real quick or you'll have the great word of Pam saying that you're a liar and there is no Mr. tall dark and handsome.\" Mina rolled her eyes, taking a sip of her coffee now that it had cooled down from scalding hot to just slightly burn your tastebuds hot. \"You spread every rumor you hear Pam, I wonder why anyone believes you at this point.\" \"Because I spread the truth just as much as the rumors, it keeps people on their toes, wondering what's true and what's just gossip.\" She winked at Mina and started out the door, her own mug of coffee in hand \"Good luck honey.\" The blonde thought back to her current predicament and groaned inwardly, how on earth was she going to deal with Carl for the rest of today, let alone the rest of this week? She wasn't going to see Vlad again until this weekend, as he said he had some stocking up to do in his kitchen. The whole room had been so bare that she wasn't sure if he legitimately meant food or if he was code talking for robbing the Red Cross. He also said that he did in fact have a job to do during the week, even if it was on his own time and from his own home. Right now the blonde was extremely jealous of him. She started walking down the hall, figuring that she might as well make those copies that she had meant to earlier in the day. As she walked she pulled out her phone, thankfully her boss was fairly lax in the office, if you had been getting work done and weren't excessive about it, he didn't care if any of them were texting or taking a call or two. 'So'… she texted to Vlad, hoping that he was up at this hour, it was ten but still he was mostly nocturnal… 'If I take a picture of you will you show up in it?' she slipped her phone back into her pocket and waited for a response. The copier wasn't even done when she felt it buzz, she pulled it out to see a confused and very sleepy picture of Vlad in their message log. 'I thought vampires weren't supposed to show up in pictures…' she taunted 'Right.' He said 'Forgot about that.\" She received a picture of an empty pillow, clearly just the other side of the bed. 'That better?' the blonde had to do her best to not burst into loud laughter then and there. As it was she was chuckling behind her hand. When she had mildly recovered she texted back. 'Why don't we have any pictures as a couple?' there was a slight pause, presumably as he was typing 'I forget about those kinds of things, they didn't exactly have cameras back in my day.' She rolled her eyes 'Next time I see you we're going to take some pictures.' 'Okay, until then I'm going back to sleep.' 'Lazybones.' 'Hey, you didn't have to hypnotize a half dozen people last night. I'd like to see you try it and get up against your instincts the next day just to answer text messages.' Mina grabbed the papers from the copier and started down the hall as she answered 'Oh boo hoo, I'm sorry I interrupted your duties as the prince of darkness.' 'I've never heard that one before, I like it, you should make me that in your phone.' 'Go back to bed.' 'Love you.' The blonde smiled at his response 'Love you too.' Mina had just reached her desk and nearly leapt for joy when she saw that Carl had left for an early lunch. -Forever and a Day- It wasn't until many hours later that Vlad actually got up for the short remainder of the day, he looked back at the texts that he had exchanged with Mina and could help but chuckle at some of them all over again. He particularly enjoyed the idea of being the prince of darkness in her phone, that would confuse her family but not enough to make them question him, they'd likely think that it was a harmless joke between the two of them. The vampire was still in a good mood when he descended to the kitchen, remembering that he had spent the better half of the previous night satisfying his hunger and restocking the blood supply that he kept to tide him over between hunts. He pulled out some of the blood that he'd oh so kindly taken off of the Red Cross's hands and carefully poured it into a mug. He had to go shopping at the actual grocery tonight, he didn't want to be in the same position as last week where he'd had nothing to feed poor Mina when she'd been hungry. It was hard to remember what it was like to require food so often, sure he was hungry virtually all the time but he didn't actually require blood as often as a human needed to eat. The microwave dinged and the former prince pulled out the now steaming mug, swirling the contents within to break up any chunks that had form as a result of heating it. He took a sip and winced slightly, it wasn't nearly as good as the catch he'd had last night… and even that paled in comparison to Mina's blood. Perhaps he was just biased, her blood, or his wife's blood rather, had been the first he'd tasted as an immortal creature and despite what science would say was impossible, they tasted very much the same. There were differences, for sure, they were two separate people, but it was the same soul, the same life that the blood carried. Thinking back on the moment only made the second sip from the mug taste even more bland. Sure it tided him over and sure it satisfied him but… there were just so many chemicals in it, that and it tasted heavily of the plastic that it was carried in… Vlad grumbled to himself and carried the mug to his office where he planned on getting some work done for the day. It wasn't an easy task to accomplish, he most definitely didn't want to do work, he just wanted to call Mina, tell her to take the rest of the day off of work and come join him for a late afternoon picnic or maybe just an evening in front of the fireplace… he mused as he emailed a client and started filling out their paperwork to have it go through, today was going to be absolutely mind numbing wasn't it? How on earth was he going to survive the rest of the week. He'd lived for hundreds of years and now all of a sudden just a couple days seemed like an eternity. It made him smile all the same, it was proof that he was in love all over again, after the last time he had nearly sworn that he would never love again, not if it was going to hurt so bad if she rejected him. But now… now she had accepted him as though it were as easy as breathing, him, the monster that he was. Vlad chuckled and leaned back in his chair, what was the world coming to…? -Forever and a Day- The weekend couldn't come quick enough for the new couple, Friday Mina stepped out of the office only to see Vlad waiting for her. Pam stopped and whistled, \"Who's the hottie waiting on the steps?\" she wondered aloud, Mina grinned in victory \"That's Vlad, that's mister tall dark and handsome.\" She said and was treated to the sight of Pam's jaw nearly hitting the pavement \"Mina! Come back and explain how you got that!\" she demanded as the blonde dashed forward and hooked her arm with the former prince's \"I think your coworker's trying to say something.\" He said to her, looking almost nervously back at Pam. Mina patted his shoulder \"Don't worry, Pam doesn't bite, most of the time,\" she amended quickly, Vlad raised a brow \"I thought that was my job…\" Pam caught up with them then. \"Hi!\" she said, sticking out a hand which Vlad took with only a small worried glance back at Mina. \"I'm Pam, Mina says that you're mister tall dark and handsome that she's been seeing lately?\" Vlad blushed at the complement and Pam looked at her office friend, holding a hand in front of her face and mouthing \"nice catch.\" At Mina, who giggled. \"I suppose?\" Vlad said hesitantly, unsure of how he was supposed to respond, \"My name is Vlad, it's nice to meet you Pam. I was just coming to walk Mina back home, I offered to drive her to her parents' house for dinner.\" Pam looked as happy as a clam rested her face in her hand \"Oh you two are adorable, well don't let me hold you up, go on!\" with that she shooed them off and off they went \"I feel like it's been forever,\" Mina said as they started walking, sure they had texted all week but it wasn't the same, both of them too busy to try and meet up outside of work, particularly with Vlad being back on more of a nocturnal schedule. \"I thought the weekend would never come.\" Vlad nodded, taking her hand gently in his own \"I know, I couldn't even concentrate on finishing any books this week, I was just too wrapped up in when it would be Friday again.\" Mina shoved his shoulder lightly \"You butt, I wish I had time to read like that,\" \"There'll be time this weekend.\" He said and the blonde thought back to the huge library in his home They spent the rest of the time discussing Vlad's massive collection of books and where he'd gotten all of them over the years. Some of the answers surprised her, like how many weren't in Romanian or English. \"How many languages do you speak?\" she asked in surprise, the former prince paused, concentrating on the road for a second \"That's a tricky question to answer, because some of the ones I know I learned years ago and I would sound rather silly and old fashioned trying to speak them now. English isn't the same now as it was a hundred or three hundred years ago, same goes for any other language, and some of them I haven't spoken in at least a hundred years.\" \"In total, because I'm sure modernizing your vocabulary is a hell of a lot easier than learning from scratch.\" Vlad thought about it for a moment \"Ten? Twelve? Hard to say, some have kind of merged together and are just different dialects of the same language now.\" Mina couldn't help but be more than a little impressed. \"Yeesh, how do you keep them all straight?\" she asked and Vlad just chuckled \"I don't, most of the time my thoughts are a jumbled mess, it doesn't help when you've spent time in an animal's mind as well, their languages are very different from ours as humans but they're languages all the same. Means of communicating from one creature to another.\" \"What does it feel like to be an animal, you can turn into bats and wolf, is there anything else?\" \"I've never tried.\" Vlad said and Mina looked at him, stunned \"What do you mean you've never tried? I would be trying to turn into every animal I could the second I realized that I had that ability.\" She said and the vampire just shook his head, pulling into her parent's driveway. They both exited the car and started toward the house. \"Could you teach me Romanian?\" she asked and the former prince paused in taking a step forward, suddenly flashing back to his wife and the sound of the old language on her tongue, the sweet nothings that they used to whisper to each other when they were still newlyweds, back when Mina had found out that she was with child and every morning had been filled with sunshine and laughter. \"I…\" he couldn't find the words \"Vlad…?\" Mina asked, taking a step toward him, her hand coming to rest on his cheek. \"Are you okay?\" \"I just…\" \"I remind you too much of her sometimes don't I?\" she asked and Vlad nodded, looking down at his hands and then back up at the woman in front of him \"I would love to teach you, but I do warn you, I'm a rough teacher.\" He said and Mina couldn't help but laugh and then kissed him on the cheek. \"Come on silly, let's go have dinner.\" -Forever and a Day- It wasn't the first time Vlad had met Mina's family but the first time wasn't quite as 'formal' as this, though in his mind, nothing was as formal as it used to be, though by modern standards, the home cooked meal and sit down dinner was quite formal, especially when meeting his beloved's parents. This time he felt slightly interrogated with all the questions, and this time there was no Rebecca to break up the flow and divert it to something else to let the former prince recharge. \"How long ago did your family come from Romania?\" Mina's dad asked and Vlad smiled pleasantly \"My parents moved with me to England when I was fairly young, though I still know the old tongue.\" He said, allowing a little of his accent to creep into his voice, he was pretty good at controlling it now but sometimes it worked to his advantage to appear foreign. \"Why England?\" her mother this time \"Ah, well my father's job asked him to move around a lot,\" that was about as far from the truth as he could get, his father rarely traveled outside his own lands and rarely from the castle as well, aside from travel between castles between seasons. But Mehmet had asked a lot of his father and the man was as close to an employer as it got with their family. \"What did he do?\" \"He managed a business,\" the vampire lied smoothly, business, lands and people, almost the same thing right? \"handling deeds and titles mostly, they needed an experienced person to manage a new asset and so we moved to England.\" Dinner and afterwards progressed much the same, the vampire lying as fast as he could come up with them and committing as many of the details to memory as he could as to not contradict himself. When they finally left Mina felt herself fall back into the car seat in relief. \"I'm impressed you were able to come up with so much stuff on the fly.\" She said \"Me too, now help me go over it again in case they ask me about stuff that was total bullshit.\" They'd reviewed all they could remember by the time they reached Vlad's home and as they stepped inside and shut the door the vampire looked at Mina with eyes full of mischief \"Well the rest of the night is ours.\" \"Indeed it is.\" She said, meeting his glance. A/N: Okay so the smexy oneshot (that really isn't that good in my opinion cause I'm out of practice with smut…) is called A Deep Passion cause I'm unoriginal… Till next time, -Winged Element[Chapter 32] A/N: One… more… chapter of this and then I'm done with it until next week… seriously, I've been typing since I got home from work, and typing like a maniac cause I've got Devil May Cry fics to start tomorrow… ones that I owe fans like 10,000 words on… and I've come pretty close to that in this one, making me caught up on this one from the start of the summer, more or less. It'll feel good once I get this pumped out so let's do this! Disclaimer: I'm an engineering co-op, at a company that builds radiators… I have so little to do with Dracula it's laughable A Mane as Soft as Silk The next morning found the two lounging in bed like there was nothing else in the world beyond the two of them and for a long time, that was all that mattered, that is until Mina realized that she couldn't hold off on going pee forever. She rolled out of bed with a sigh and Vlad sat up with a yawn \"Where are you going?\" he asked sleepily, he gladly would have slept the rest of the day away if Mina had let him but she had pushed him off in the early morning, grumbling that he was too warm. \"The bathroom.\" Mina answered, yawning as she stretched, feeling a little sore but relaxed and alert. Vlad mumbled something in response and lay back down. She would've laughed if she still weren't a little sluggish herself, the man tried to act big and scary most of the time (though she knew from experience that it wasn't all an act, he could actually be intimidating if he so chose), he was more like a big puppy. The blonde relieved herself and brushed her teeth while she was at it, looking at the side of her neck as she did so. The wound was tender and would bleed if provoked too much she could tell but beyond that it didn't look too bad. It wasn't as she had expected a bite from a vampire to look like, she had expected the two evenly spaced holes like you saw in the movies and on TV but this was several more than that, a bruise circling the area as well from where he'd suckled on the wound. She dabbed a liberal amount of Neosporin on it and slapped a bandaid over the top and went back out into the room. The very last thing she expected to find was a huge wolf laying in the bed but that was exactly what she found. Her first instinct was to look at the window to see if it was open and somehow the beast had found its way in through the second story. The closed glass left one option then. \"Vlad…?\" she whispered, creeping forward, trying not to disturb the creature, it snuffed and one ear twitched but she got no other response. She looked it up and down, it was beautiful, that much was easy to see but she wasn't sure that it was the vampire or not. \"Vlad…?\" she called a little louder, the wolf opened one green eye to look at her before closing it again and shuffling over a little bit on the bed. \"Shit…\" the blonde said, she hadn't expected Vlad to change shape in his sleep, she'd seen him do it a couple times, but only with bats, never with anything this… intimidating… she reached a hesitant hand forward and held it in front of the wolf-Vlad. He just looked at her fingers with hazy eyes before licking out with a huge pink tongue and licking them. Mina couldn't help it, she pulled her hand back with a surprised yelp. Vlad picked his head up then, looking at her in concern, big fluffy ears tilted forward. \"I'm fine…\" she said \"I'm just… surprised.\" The wolf snuffed again and lay its head down, huge tail starting to thump against the pillows as it wagged. Mina couldn't help the giggle that escaped her lips. \"You are such a child.\" She said, reaching forward and running her hand through the soft fur and giggling as he started to lap at her like any dog would. \"Stop that!\" she giggled and then in the next second she received a kiss on the cheek and her hands were in his hair rather than a fluffy mane. \"But you were laughing, why would I want to stop?\" he said, pulling back to look at her with eyes that were filled with mirth. The blonde sighed and shook her head. \"You didn't tell me that you shapeshift in your sleep.\" She said, pretending to look angry and failing miserably at it. Vlad just smirked at her \"I don't usually, though I have found myself in the rafters a few times upon waking… usually with a particularly bad hangover though.\" \"So why the wolf?\" she asked \"I was cold by myself.\" The vampire pouted, looking for all it was worth like a petulant child. Mina rolled her eyes \"I had to pee, sorry.\" She said sassily and stuck her tongue out, Vlad poked it and she quickly pulled it back into her mouth \"You should be.\" He said back with a grin, Mina ran a hand through his hair again, it was longer than hers, not that it was a hard competition there but it was so nice for guy's hair. \"Your fur is really soft.\" She said, and the former prince grinned, clearly enjoying the compliment. \"Thank you, I take very good care of it.\" He shook his head out, causing some of his hair to fall into his face. \"You know,\" Mina smiled \"I never would have pinned Dracula as a bit of a goofball and yet here we are.\" Vlad just laughed \"You don't get through half a millennia without a sense of humor, and trust me, I've tried to stoic and brooding thing, it gets boring, constantly blaming yourself for all that is wrong with the world, having to hold the cross and edgy look.\" He made a face at her, trying to be very broody and grumpy, but the tilt at the corner of his mouth had her laughing and him joining in seconds later. She wished that this morning could go on forever and ever. A/N: Okay, I'm very done with typing today and I've got even more to do tomorrow so I'm gonna call it quits now before I pass out on my keyboard. Btdubs, the plot should be kicking back in soon. Till next time, -Winged Element[Chapter 33] A/N: Hey everyone, I'm back again, *sighs* I'm gonna get the rest of my writing done for this week right here right now, alright? *trying to pump self up for this* Disclaimer: Yeah! … *so sleepy* An Irresistible Call The last thing Vlad expected that evening was to bolt upright and feel a deep rooted pull in his veins. Mina, rolled over from watching the movie, blinking at him lethargically and mumbling, wondering what was wrong. \"I…\" he could feel it again, as though his very blood was calling him somewhere else. He looked out the window, feeling for all the world like he was being watched. That pulse ran through him again and he jerked \"Vlad?\" Mina asked now, actually concerned for the vampire's health. \"I'm fine I just…\" it was exhausting to resist that call in his blood… \"Just a minute, I'll be right back.\" Then he was gone, following the pull deep in his veins, he didn't want to leave Mina behind but something told him that she wouldn't be safe where he was going. The vampire materialized in the woods, looking around, lost and confused. What on earth was he doing here? He suddenly was having flashbacks to that fateful day so long ago, when he had been simply wondering why there were Turks invading his land and wondering what on earth had killed them. He remembered looking up to the mountain, knowing that the water flowed from there, and in present times he turned, looking deep into the trees. The Master vampire stood there, and the pull in his veins ceased. He growled low in his throat \"What do you want?\" he said, wondering what else this man could possibly want to take from him. \"You said that I was no longer welcome in your home, I'm simply respecting your wishes my young prince.\" \"I haven't been a prince for nearly half a millennium.\" The younger vampire ground out, the Master simply laughed at him, it was a deep, rumbling chuckle that made Vlad shiver \"I know but old habits die hard. Now I believe you have a promise to keep up on.\" The ancient being said these words slowly and Vlad felt his heart sink. He knew that someday the Master would come to collect but he always managed to push it off, he knew somewhere deep inside that this wasn't the man just toying with him, this was the real deal. \"What do you need me for?\" he asked, the Master raised a brow \"I thought you were going to fight me to keep your own will.\" He said curiously, Vlad looked up at him \"You've kept your word for everything that we've been through, as much as I despise some of the outcomes you've told me nothing but the truth.\" The old man laughed again, but there was no humor in it this time, Vlad felt like he was actually seeing a bit of the man behind the monster for once, the man who had been tricked and before he'd become broken and spiteful at the world. \"Perhaps I felt that lying to my own pawn for my own amusement wouldn't actually be all that amusing.\" He said, softly, almost too quiet even for a vampire's keen hearing. \"I'm a man of my word.\" Vlad said \"Now you're lying,\" the Master interjected \"you swore that you wouldn't hurt your wife and child and your wife died by your own hand and your son was made an orphan. Don't make promises you can't keep, they just might cost you, you ought to know this better than anyone Vladimir.\" The man said, glancing at him with a sly eye, Vlad met the gaze and held it \"What do you have to fight with everything you have for if you don't make promises you doubt you can keep?\" Vlad said and the Master just chuckled, clearly amused with the younger vampire's ideas. \"I suppose that is true.\" The man's voice didn't hold the same menace that it usually did, the same indifference that it usually held. Vlad didn't quite know what to think of this. \"So, if I am your pawn, what am I to be used for?\" the former prince waited a moment for the ancient being to respond. This in and of itself was a surprise, this man didn't hesitate, knew what he wanted, if life was a game what did you have to truly lose in gambling it all? \"I wish to have vengeance on the demon who tricked me, the one who caused me to spend most of my life rotting away behind the walls of an old cave. I will be free of his curse, of his torment. I wish to wander the darkness without chains.\" Vlad tilted his head \"What does that have to do with me?\" \"I need the offering to the darkness to summon him back.\" The younger vampire thought back on what the priest had told him all those years ago. \"How on earth did you summon him the first time.\" The dark look was back in the Master's eyes \"I sacrificed my family to summon him the first time, I slit them open like pigs, shed blood upon the eastern European ground long before it was a kingdom of its own.\" Vlad shivered, with the regrets that he lived with, he couldn't imagine sacrificing the family that he loved, the family that he had given up his humanity to protect. The Master seemed to notice his discomfort. \"There lies our fundamental different Vladimir, you are a good man seeking redemption, and I am a bad man seeking to avoid payment for his sins. None the less we are bound together, you must serve me, you can no more avoid it than you can avoid your own thirst.\" The former prince frowned, he knew this, if the urge in his very blood early had anything to say about it. \"What would you have me do?\" A/N: Moving on! Till next time, -Winged Element[Chapter 34] A/N: Just another Monday night, pumping out another couple chapters… bleh, I'm way too warm from cleaning the bathroom… and drinking wine isn't going to help that… *grumbles* Disclaimer: I own the DVD… somewhere *looks around room* Darkness Unimaginable Mina woke the next morning, completely alone and unsure of what was going on. Was Vlad downstairs making breakfast? She wondered as she sat up, everything seemed eerily quiet, like the house itself was sleeping. The sunlight contrasted greatly with the feeling in the bottom of her stomach, what was this…? She shook her head, she was just being silly, it was no wonder that she was having odd thoughts, she had found out not that long ago that her boyfriend was a creature of darkness, of course she would be a bit superstitious of any odd feelings afterward. The blonde swung her legs over the edge of the bed, for the briefest of seconds afraid that something would grab at her ankles, instead there was just silence and the feeling of cold wood on her toes. \"Get ahold of yourself Mina.\" The young woman chided herself, and the sound of her own voice in the room, although saying something about the heaviness of the air as it didn't spread, made her feel a bit better. It was like flicking on the lights when you were sure that there were monsters in the room only to find the place empty and that it was that old tree branch all along. She sighed and pulled on a robe, despite it only being herself and Vlad in the house, she still would have felt more than a little uncomfortable slipping downstairs completely naked. The blonde made her way to the kitchen, pausing for a minute in the bathroom to brush her teeth and try to tame the rats' nest that was the current condition of her hair. She sighed and gave it up as an impossible mission and descended the stairs, but strangely enough she didn't hear anything from the kitchen either, where had Vlad gotten off to? He wouldn't leave without leaving a note or telling her where he was going would he? She shook her head, no he wouldn't do that… but still… she couldn't help but wonder where on earth the man had gotten himself off to… She looked in the kitchen anyway, hoping that the vampire was just being extra quiet. No, no Vlad…j \"The library maybe…?\" she whispered, unsure why she was whispering. It just felt wrong to disturb the utter silence of the house, she supposed as she padded her way to the library. The room was filled with books and stories and shelves and smelled of old leather and musty pages but the former prince wasn't in there either. \"Perhaps he just ran out to grab something and didn't think I'd be up for a while.\" She said, trying to comfort herself, though it did little good. It would be more than a little backwards for the vampire to be up before her unless he hadn't gone to bed last night but she knew for a fact that he had fallen asleep, she had still been stroking his hair when his breathing had slowed into that of sleep and shortly stopped altogether. The young woman ran a hand through her hair and sighed, looking around the room, well there were all these books and she had wanted to explore his library… -Forever and a Day- Several hours later and Mina had gotten up, taken a shower, ate some food, cleaned up the kitchen and was almost finished with the book that she was reading and there still was no sign of Vlad. Finally she reached a chapter and slammed the book closed, she wasn't able to concentrate that well right now, not with the eerie feeling of the house pressing down on her. She shivered and pulled the afghan closer about herself. She closed her eyes, trying to ignore it all… Only to wake up some unknown amount of time later to a hand lightly trying to rouse her. She shrieked and the hand lurched away, clearly startled themselves. \"Sorry…\" came the whisper, Mina blearily blinked, Vlad slowly coming into focus in front of her. \"I… you…\" she yawned, her senses and wits quickly coming back to her, she must've fell asleep in the library, though she wasn't quite sure how, not with how eerie it felt when it was empty. \"I'm sorry, I should've left a note…\" he said, looking more than a little shaken up. Mina looked at him and raised a brow. \"Where were you?\" she asked and he sighed, sitting on the arm of the chair that she was currently snuggling in. \"I… I was with the Master.\" He said, hanging his head and twitching his long fingers between each other. \"What?\" Mina's eyes widened, why had he been with that monster? Last that Mina knew, he hated that man, he wanted nothing more than to see him cold and dead on the ground. \"It was something that I had to do, I didn't have a choice, it was a call to my very blood.\" Vlad said these words softly though the blonde could see the frustration in his face. \"What… what did he want?\" she asked, putting a gentle hand on his own. He looked at her \"I'm so sorry love.\" He said and Mina made a face, she didn't like the sound of those words… \"For what?\" \"That this had to happen in your lifetime…\" he said, Mina waited for him to continue, he sighed again and ran a hand over his face \"The time is coming for me to fulfill my oath that I took upon receiving the dark powers that I now wield… I must become a pawn to the Master to help him in his quest for vengeance against the one who turned him into the monster that he now is. There is darkness about to fall on this world… a darkness beyond any of your nightmares…\" A/N: Yep. Till next time, -Winged Element[Chapter 35] A/N: So I should totally be doing homework right now but… I think I'm going to write fanfiction for the coming week first… ^^; yeah, procrastination! Plus I feel conjested and pooey so writing sounds like the much better option to environmental science… Disclaimer: more pooey Anna: I'm fine, just busy (but what else is new) I just don't quite know where I'm heading with this right now, so I'm just kinda treading water so to speak, so I apologize if it doesn't seem as interesting but it keeps the story going. I won't abandon it, I'm just figuring out what to push toward next, but thanks for the concern and the review! A Life of Solitude Mina left shortly after his revelation to her despite having another day that she could spend with him. It was at his request and in fact, the blonde had been very resistant to his suggestion to leave but he needed time to think, time to go over what had happened. He was remembering why he had changed over to a life of solitude all that time ago after losing his wife the first time. He couldn't risk hurting anyone, couldn't risk endangering them. But then his mind flashed back to the last time that he had met his dear Mina, back in the 1800s, when she had been in love with another and even promised to said person. It had buried its claws into his heart that he could not have her… he remembered the terrible acts that he had committed just to have the chance to claim her as his own, he had promised after that time, after he had started to come back to himself that he would never again lose sight of himself like that. The vampire groaned and put his head in his hands, he couldn't afford to lose himself like that again but neither could he afford to put Mina in danger by the Master's plan. The man needed a calamity to be able to summon forth the demon to this plane and Vlad didn't want his beloved anywhere near where said issue would take place… he let loose a small growl, god damn… he needed to clear his head… -Forever and a Day- The wind felt good as it coasted over hundreds of velvety wings, the air full of smells and sights and sounds. The world was simple to a bat, it was easy, and everything just fell into place. The vibrations that bounced back into many large cupped ears, the prey that was swallowed without a second thought… Vlad came back to himself on a large branch of a pine tree, regretting his decision as sap instantly stuck to his hands. He looked down the drop to the ground, the wind pushed cold air up into his face though he hardly noticed it. The Master had said that the calamity had to be personal, had to have value to the person attempting the summons, that's why he couldn't just use the power of calamities that happened nearly every day in this world, as Vlad had pointed out. Humans killed humans all the time, often for little reason, but according to the eyes of devils, that wasn't good enough. What on earth could the Master be planning to do, he wasn't close to anyone as far as the former prince could tell, the only person that he was remotely even in personal contact with was himself… and then Vlad thought of all the people that he had become close to throughout the years… if he were trying to create great emotional pain… he was the man's pawn and the people that he cared about… a flutter of bats took off again. -Forever and a Day- Mina was comfortably sitting in her sister's apartment, watching jeopardy as her sister's girlfriend fluttered about the kitchen and Rebecca offered her a glass of wine. \"So what did you fight about?\" Rebecca asked with a knowing look in her eye. Mina looked up at her in surprise. \"What?\" \"Come on Mina, you don't normally sigh this much, it must be guy troubles, so what did you guys fight about?\" she asked, Mina sighed again, but didn't have the chance to explain as there came a furious pounding on the door. Her sister tilted her head \"Who on earth is that at this time of night…?\" she wondered aloud before standing and walking to the door. Before her sister even reached it Mina felt a chill run up her spine and then her sister opened the door and Mina felt her eyes widen. \"Excuse me miss, I just moved in upstairs, I was wondering if you could possibly-\" the Master didn't have time to finish his sentence before Mina slammed the door in his face. Rebecca looked at her curiously and even Jessica was leaning around the island looking at the two of them. \"What was that about?\" the older of the two asked \"Don't trust him, he's not who he says he is.\" Mina said, she wasn't sure what else she could say. Her sister would think that she was crazy if she tried to explain the truth… \"Miss?\" came the smooth, ancient voice from outside \"Is everything alright.\" Rebecca tried to push past her sister to open the door but Mina stood fast, blocking the way. \"Come on Mina, who is that? Just let me open the door, I'm sure he'll be fine, he's just an old man, he's not going to hurt anyone.\" The brunette hissed, Mina shook her head \"You can't.\" she said, not even trying to lower her voice, she knew that the Master would be able to hear them either way. \"What's going on?\" Jessica asked \"Mina, let me open the door.\" \"You can't, you don't know what he'll do.\" \"Mina,\" \"Rebecca listen to your sister.\" This was a different voice in the room now and Jessica let out a small 'eep!' at the intruder. Rebecca turned around in surprise to see her sister's boyfriend standing in the middle of the room. A/N: Mwuhahahahaha! I think I know where this is pushing to now! Till next time, -Winged Element[Chapter 36] A/N: So I'm going to reiterate what I pointed out in the last chapter I was typing. Window 10 is a piece of shit. It doesn't ask, doesn't warn you when it's going to do updates so when you're three quarters of the way through a chapter it just shuts down and updates and then word doesn't create a backup file so you lose all of it. All of it . I'm so pissed. So now I just have to retype this entire chapter. Hopefully without fucking up. *grumbles extremely angrily* Disclaimer: F** that. Revelations Rebecca turned around suddenly, not expecting to hear another person in the room, least of all her sister's boyfriend to be standing there. She looked back to her sister and then to the door. \"Miss?\" there came another couple of knocks \"Is everything alright in there?\" he asked \"Mina.\" Rebecca hissed and Mina just shook her head. She heard Jess whisper from the kitchen \"He just… appeared…\" she looked to her girlfriend to see the older blonde looking almost terrified at Vlad. She looked to the man \"Why can't I open the door?\" she asked flatly, things were going to chaos and the brunette didn't appreciate any of it. \"Please just trust me that you can't let that man in. It is of the utmost importance. \"Miss please just open the door.\" The voice of the old man sounded a little bit more commanding now. Rebecca looked over at the closed door suspiciously \"Rebecca please.\" The pounding became a little more intense and a sound came from Vlad just then that set her teeth on edge. She looked at him, heard her girlfriend start to sound truly panicked then, could a person even make such a noise…? She wondered, the noise was replicated on the other side of the door, making the brunette wonder. That sound, however, did make up her mind on the door. She called politely through the wood \"I'm sorry sir, now's not a good time, you'll have to come back tomorrow.\" The sound came again, from both Vlad and the other side of the door and then the knocking stopped, Rebeca turned around, Mina did her best to stay out of her sister's gaze but that was nearly impossible when it came to the older sibling. She looked with concern to her girlfriend in the kitchen, who seemed to be on the verge of a panic attack. Vlad followed her gaze and walked over to the older blonde. Jessica took several steps back from him but he put a hand on her shoulder and then her eyes met his. Rebecca was about to go stop him when Jessica froze. \"Jessica? It is Jessica isn't it?\" Vlad's voice was soft and smooth as silk. Rebecca wasn't quite sure what was happening, Jess wasn't usually one to be easily calmed when she was worked up but here Vlad had her like a snake charmer to the snake. Jessica nodded dumbly \"I just need you to take some deep breaths and calm down, can you do that for me?\" \"Yes.\" Jessica's voice was flat and emotionless \"Good. Just focus on what you were doing before this all happened, I'm sure the food with turn out great.\" With that he let go of the blonde's shoulder and she turned back to preparing the mozzarella sticks she'd been working on before. Rebecca opened and closed her mouth, completely flabbergasted. \"Vlad.\" Mina's tone was disapproving \"You shouldn't have done that.\" The man just shrugged \"It was needed, she was going to have a panic attack.\" \"It was freaky, just please, don't do that again.\" Vlad sighed \"I'll try not to.\" All the while Rebecca kept up her impersonation of a fish out of water. \"What the hell was that?!\" she demanded \"And how did you get in here, and what the hell was with the guy at the door?\" Mina sighed and Vlad just looked worried \"Rebecca,\" her sister started \"No. Both of you sit down now, you're not going anywhere till I get some answers.\" Mina looked at Vlad \"This is your secret.\" She said and the man nodded, sitting down on the couch, looking for all the world like a lounging tiger, full of grace and beauty and power, ready to strike in an instant. \"What do you want to know?\" he asked calmly, as though the events of the past couple minutes had not, in fact, just happened. \"What did you do to my girlfriend?\" Rebecca growled out \"I suggested that she calm down and go back to the task that had been so rudely interrupted.\" He said \"You suggested.\" The brunette said flatly \"What are you a hypnotist now?\" she asked and Vlad made a face \"Not really.\" \"And what's with the man at the door, why couldn't I answer it, it was just a little old man…\" she trailed off when she saw both Vlad and Mina shaking their heads. \"Are you some government agent with super high tech gadgets and stuff?\" she asked her sister's boyfriend, it was the first plausible idea that had jumped into her head. Vlad wrinkled his brows and Mina started laughing. \"No.\" the man said \"I don't think that could be farther from the truth.\" He said, it was amusing but he didn't think it was quite as funny as Mina seemed to. \"Jess said you just appeared, how did you get in?\" Vlad sighed then and then looked her straight in the eyes. She was surprised, his eyes seemed to hold a lot more depth and age to them than she anticipated \"Through the window.\" He said \"It's locked…\" Rebecca said slowly, looking over at it just to be sure. She looked back at Vlad and the last thing she anticipated was to see the man disappear in a cloud of mist and reappear in standing in front of her. \"Through the window.\" He said again. A/N: Vlad I know you need to tell her but you're so cheeky! Welp it's done now, I swear if word crashes or something… Till next time, -Winged Element[Chapter 37] A/N: Okay, so we're going to give my laptop another chance… *grumbles slightly* hopefully it won't be a useless piece of work that it has been for… well ever… anywho, I'm gonna get a good start on things and hopefully get through a bunch of stuff today. After fanfics I've got a bunch of homework but none due tomorrow thank goodness ^^; Sorry just organizing my thoughts. Disclaimer: As cool as he is, I don't have any claim to Dracula Spooked Rebecca reeled back, startled beyond all belief, Vlad smirked a little bit, she should be afraid, that was a good reaction, that was how people should respond to him. Though he could practically feel Mina's disapproving glare on the back of his head. It just reminded him of the disapproving and sympathetic look his wife had given him all that time ago when he had told her what he'd done just to be able to save their people. \"Wh-what?\" the brunette stammered, her hand over heart, Vlad sighed and thought of the one thing that would confirm what he was sure was running through the older sister's head. He let some of his instincts ride to the front of his mind, allowing them to rule his thoughts and then he lifted a lip, baring a single glossy white fang. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath, burying the monstrous instincts again behind the mask of a perfect gentleman. \"What do you think?\" he asked a second later when he was in perfect control again. \"You… you're…\" Rebecca let out a tiny giggle, feeling not so in control of herself anymore, she looked back to Jessica again, who was still putzing around in the kitchen as though nothing had happened. \"This can't be real…\" Mina put a hand on her sister's arm, and the older of the two jumped, feeling nervous as instincts long buried in the human mind came to the front after being exposed to a predator that was very real and very dangerous. \"Rebecca, this is very real. Vlad, he-.\" The brunette blinked at the name and then met eyes with the former prince \"Wait. You're not just a vampire are you, Vlad, as in Vlad the impaler?\" she said this accusingly. The vampire sighed \"That was a long time ago.\" He said, Rebecca took a step back, giving another weak laugh. \"Oh god, you… you are…\" Vlad sat down, running a hand through his hair and trying to seem as unimposing as possible. \"Rebecca, it doesn't matter right now, what you need to know is that…\" he didn't get to finish his sentence \"How on earth does it not matter?!\" she said \"Rebecca, sit down.\" Mina said sternly, trying and failing to push her sister into a chair. \"Mina, how can you just be so casual about all of this?! He's… he could eat you!\" Mina laughed a little \"He could but he won't. I'm too important to him, he came here to protect us.\" She turned to Vlad then, the vampire looking up at her and knowing what was coming \"Why was the Master here?\" she asked and Vlad folded his hands together, trying to organize his thoughts and figure out where to begin. \"You know that I owe the Master, yes? It was part of the bargain struck when I accepted his powers.\" Mina nodded and then Rebecca stomped between the couple. \"Are we going to just ignore the fact that he's a vampire?!\" she demanded \"Not just any vampire either, but the most well known one of all time?!\" Vlad stood up then and Mina peeked around her sister \"Please don't hypnotize my sister.\" She said sternly, Vlad grinned a little bit. \"I'm not going to, although that would make things easier,\" he turned his attention back to the brunette \"Rebecca, I have no problem answering your questions but right now there's something that you and your sister need to understand, you need to know how much danger you're in right now.\" \"Because of you.\" Rebecca accused. Vlad sighed \"Yes, but that's beyond the point right now.\" \"How is that beyond the point?! If all of this is your fault, why did you get involved with my sister?\" Vlad's eyes hardened for a second and then he let his shoulders drop, slightly defeated. \"Imagine for a moment that you met the love of your life, and it was your fault that they departed from this world, and then… years and years and years down the road, you see the very same soul that you fell for all that time ago, you would try to make them come back to you by any means necessary, and when that fails and they depart from this world once more… and the universe decides to give you yet another chance…\" he looked over at Mina \"You can't help yourself, you have to try again, you yearn for that love that you had… the opportunity to do it all over again… I won't let anything happen to you this time.\" \"Wait, wait,\" Rebecca was struggling to remember the stories she knew of this man, though the truthfulness of them was certainly up for debate. \"Are you talking about reincarnation? \" Vlad nodded, as though it were a simple thing, as though that didn't sound as crazy as Rebecca thought, she started laughing then, it was just too much for her, the idea that her sister was some reincarnation of some former lover of Vlad the Impaler was just way to crazy. \"I have to be dreaming…\" she said, falling back on a chair, her legs starting to feel a bit like jello. \"This is no dream.\" Mina said gently to her sister \"It has to be…\" A/N: Poor Rebecca, I'm trying really hard to give her a reasonable reaction to the whole scenario that is playing out in front of her. It can't be easy to suddenly have all this unbelievable information laid on top of you with now warning… Till next time, -Winged Element[Chapter 38] A/N: Wow, I just reread the last chapter and I have to say that I don't really remember like any of that… So there's that… Well let's see how this chapter goes, oh and just as fair warning, this story is starting to approach its end, there's only going to be a handful of chapters left. Disclaimer: For the last (not really) time, I don't own any part of this. Confrontation Vlad barely started forward in enough time to catch Mina's sister, laying her down on the couch as her eyes fluttered. \"Rebecca?\" Mina said, fanning her sister with her hands and trying to get the brunette's attention. \"I… I don't know if I can do this Mina…\" she said slowly, trying to get a grip on the reality of this situation, she had always been a very logical person, if a bit whimsical, this, magic and monsters, it was too much for her to handle at the drop of a hat. \"Yes you can, you're the toughest person I know, a lot tougher than me, if I can wrap my head around it, so can you.\" Vlad stood back a bit, trying to give the duo some space. The older of the two was having a hard time with all of this and though it was hard for the former prince to sympathize he could feel for her. She'd just had her entire world flipped on its head. At least when he'd gone to confront the Master, he knew that monsters and magic were a very, very real part of this world. People were more accepting of what was in front of them back then. Nowadays you had to have irrefutable proof of what you were trying to pitch. Instead his thoughts trailed back to the Master, the man had seemed like an honest person in those couple of moments when he had been trying to tell Vlad what needed to happen, that this monstrous devil needed to be summoned, and defeated. Easy concept, sure, maybe hard to put into practice but the idea was simple enough. The vampire sighed and looked down at his hands. He hadn't thought that the Master was going to trip up and destroy everything that Vlad was trying to build for himself, that this monster was going to sacrifice not connections that he had made but ones that Vlad had made for himself. Vlad was his pawn because he was the one with human connections, emotional attachments that could be thrown away for little more than payment. He clenched his fists as he thought about the whole thing, how dare that monster…? He froze then when the call in his blood flared up like never before. He swore every fiber of his being locked up in that moment. He looked up at Mina and her sister, who were still conversing softly, though Rebecca looked a bit more stable now. \" Come now my pawn… you didn't think it would be that easy did you?\" the voice rang in his head, bouncing between his ears loudly. Vlad growled loudly, both women on the couch turning to look at him. \"It wouldn't mean nearly as much if I did it, the sacrifice is your job .\" Vlad's eyes widened in horror as the voice of the ancient monster echoed in his mind again. \"Mina…\" he choked out, feeling the hunger in his belly spike and snarl to life with a vengeance that he was sure that he hadn't felt in centuries. The blonde was watching him closely, though when he said her name she leapt to her feet, putting a hand to his face \"Vlad what's wrong?\" she asked and the former prince snarled again, baring long fangs as his chest rumbled. \"Mina… get your sister and get out…\" he ground out, trying to resist the savage instincts that were being pushed to the front of his psyche. \"Vlad?\" her voice was questioning and at the same time so very far away, so small against the throbbing beat of her heart. \"I can't…\" he ground out, a small whine working its way from the back of his throat as he continued to try to resist the monster inside of himself. -Forever and a Day- Mina didn't know what was going on. Vlad looked like he was about to break down or lose his mind, she wasn't quite sure which… the man looked more like the monster he said he was instead of the man she had come to know underneath. His eyes were dark and his fangs were bared directly at her. \"Get. Out.\" He growled, barely intelligible at this point. Mina didn't know why this was happening but she did know that she had to get her sister to safety. She backed up slowly, keeping her eyes on the man in front of her. Vlad shivered, his whole body rippling and seconds later his wolfish form stood growling, hackles raised and muzzle wrinkled into a snarl. \"Rebecca.\" Mina said softly, her eyes never leaving the animal in front of her, if she looked away he would pounce. Adrenaline pumped so thickly in her veins that she was sure that she heard her sister's breathing pick up. \"Get up. Slowly. Get Jessica.\" She could hear Rebecca moving off the couch and Vlad snarled again, his ears flattening against his skull. \"Vlad… it's okay…\" Mina whispered, trying to take the wolf's attention off of her sister and maybe to calm him a little, she didn't know what was going on but it wasn't good. She felt a hand touch hers and she started to back away from the massive animal and it matched her step for step. \"On the count of three, we go through the door and into my place, okay?\" there was a light squeeze in her fingertips in confirmation. \"One… Two…\" A/N: :) I am so much of an evil person and I love it. Either way, this was a blast to write Till next time, -Winged Element[Chapter 39] A/N: Man… this looks so weird… I'm typing on the computer in the computer lab right now cause I can't find a plug for my laptop and this is the warmest room in the building and I'm cold ^^; So yeah, that's what's going on with that… time to get going huh? Disclaimer: I don't even own the computer I'm typing on right now. Chase There was a thud as the massive wolf hit the sturdy door, it rattled in its frame and Mina quickly pulled her sister and Jess through the next door and slammed it shut, locking it. Just in enough time as they heard the other door rattle again, a creaking sound accompanying it as it started to break. Every hair on Mina's body stood straight up as she heard the howl erupt from across the hall. \"What was that?\" Rebecca asked, looking at her sister with wide terrified eyes. \"I don't know, but we have to keep moving, the door won't hold him for long and he can come in here. We need a place that he's never been before…\" \"That door won't hold him?\" the brunette asked, sounding slightly hysterical, Mina gave her sister a rather flat look as she grabbed her hand and led her to the window and the fire escape just outside. \"Of course it won't, Becca, we're dealing with one of the most famous monsters of all time, you think slamming a door in his face will stop him?\" she asked as she helped Jessica through the window. The older blonde had been extremely quiet the entire time, probably still under the effects of hypnosis, Mina theorized, she'd never seen it in action, she didn't know how long it lasted. Becca had climbed through the window after her girlfriend and when Mina looked back at the door she swore when seeing the mist seeping under the bottom. \"Becca, faster, we don't have time for this…\" her sister edged through and Mina followed as quickly as she could, turning and slamming the window closed again as the flurry of bats rushed forward into the glass. \"Go!\" the trio scrambled down the ladder as quickly as they could, praying that they wouldn't get caught on the way down. \"Mina where are we going?!\" Rebecca called as they started down the street. \"Your coworker Chase's house. It's close and Vlad won't be able to follow us inside.\" She said quickly, the ground cold on her bare feet. Rebecca didn't question her further but then stopped suddenly as her girlfriend stopped walking, letting go of her hand. \"Jessica?\" Rebecca turned around to see the older blonde standing and staring blankly into the distance, she turned, looking back the way they had come, taking slow, but sure steps back in that direction. \"Jessica what are you doing?\" Mina questioned, a loud, resounding growl answered her and she shivered, the sound sending a shock of fear right into her stomach. \"Rebecca, grab her we need to go now!\" there was a flutter and Mina stopped when Vlad appeared right in front of her, a wicked grin on his face. \"Where do you think you're going little bird?\" he asked, his accent thick in his voice. Mina's face hardened and she raised a hand to slap him. He caught it easily and smirked, baring a single fang in her direction. He leaned forward into her ear and whispered \"You're so much feistier than in the past…\" he inhaled, taking in her scent when he did and the blonde shivered uncomfortably as he did. \"Vlad. Let me go, this isn't you…\" she said, a chuckle answered her instead \"You may have been right in the past my dear sweet Mirena, but I have been so far from that man for so long… You see little more that the façade that has been built up over centuries. This. This is who I am. \" The grip on her wrist had become painful. She swallowed, looking at the monster that stood before her and just hoped that her sister and girlfriend had made it out away from this nightmare. The sounds of her sister still pleading with Jessica though meant that they hadn't… took a deep breath and then tilted her head back, baring her throat to the man before her. He chuckled and leaned forward to whisper in her ear once more. \"You offer this to me willingly…?\" He buried his nose in the crook of her neck \"You have no idea how much you tempt me…\" Mina winced when something warm and wet dragged across her neck. \"Just do it and get it over with.\" She snapped at him, earning herself another dark laugh just before \"As you wish.\" And then pain flared in her neck as he bit down harshly, she put a hand on the back of his neck, just as she had done in the past, she moved her head slightly, despite his reaction of clenching down harder on the tender flesh between her neck and shoulder. \"It's not your fault.\" She whispered to him, feeling him grab her tighter after the words registered. Mina sighed in relief when she heard her sister's footsteps passing her by, at the very least she would be safe. She closed her eyes, she was getting so tired… A/N: Hooo… well that was dramatic and this chapter is going to be a little bit shy of my normal word count but… well I've got a ton left to do today so I'm going to have to move on… plus that was just too perfect of a stopping point. Also, this story is on the wind down, there'll probably only be a handful of chapters left, just so you people aren't surprised when I wrap things up, I need to move on to other projects and still have time for my own life and the general craziness that accompanies it… so yeah Till next time, -Winged Element[Chapter 40] A/N: Here we go again, typing outside the classroom on my iPad, I had homework that I slacked off on so I might not be able to finish this before class as I usually do, I might be typing things in a bit of an odd order today ^^; that's what I get for not doing some of my homework until the day it's due... Yeah... I'm not the smartest sometimes... Anywho, I'm gonna try to get back on top of things here... ^^; Disclaimer: Even after like two years, I still don't own Dracula, big surprise, I know Guest: Shh! Just read, it'll all be okay! Thanks for the review! Realizations Vlad wasn't aware of the world around him, the only thing that existed was the warmth that satisfied his hunger, the blood flowing down his throat, the pounding of veins around his fangs. He pulled his head back from his prey to catch his breath, and then. And then... The fog lifted from his mind and he really looked at the being in his arms. His stomach clenched, and the past blurred with the present as he looked at the body in his arms. He wasn't sure in that moment if he was remembering what had happened more than half a millennium ago or if he was seeing with his eyes in the present the resemblance was so striking. Then he caught notice of the tiniest rise and fall of Mina's chest and realized that he hadn't yanked the life away from his lover once again, not yet anyway. He gave a small gasping sort of breath and slowly slid her to the ground, where she made the smallest of noises. \"Mina?!\" Vlad said urgently, praying to all the gods he could think of that this was not a repeat of the past. Her eyelids fluttered, he had to take her to the hospital, he had to do something but he felt frozen in time in that moment, he couldn't think, couldn't act, all he could do was stare and hope. Her eyes opened slightly, unfocused and looking toward the sky. \"Vlad...?\" she mumbled and the former prince took hold of her hand instantly. \"I'm right here.\" the shocking pull of his blood called to him again and he shoved it back down viciously, the scene before his eyes proof enough that he couldn't give in to that pull again. \"I'm going to take you to the hospital, you're badly hurt.\" he lifted her slowly, shifting the hood on her sweater to try and soak up some of the blood that was still leaking from the wound on her neck. She was in pain and he couldn't stand to see her this way, the worst part was, it was his fault that she was this way. \"What's...\" she trailed off as she slipped into unconsciousness again, and Vlad felt his chest constrict in worry and he sped up his pace, nearly flying to the nearest hospital, keeping his form from disintegrating into a flurry of wings by force of will alone. Arriving at the hospital was another story all together, he was covered in his love's blood and still looked more wild beast than man in that moment, he needed to calm down but this was his Mina, he wasn't going to lose her again, he had promised himself that he couldn't possibly lose her again. The force of his mind and will quelled over the questions that the receptionist wanted to ask within moments. He knew that Mina would be displeased when she found out that he had to hypnotize several people to keep the questions at bay but this was her life on the line... As soon as they took Mina back to start on an emergency blood transfusion and to patch up the horrible mess that was the side of her neck they had tried to stop Vlad from coming in. A glare and a pressed suggestion at the man ended that quickly enough. Now he just watched from the side of the room, hoping and praying that she would make it through this ordeal in one piece. The back of his mind reminded him that he could just turn her and it would save her, but he shook off that suggestion and took a deep breath, the smell of blood and chemicals strong on the air. The second he relaxed the pull the Master had on his blood leapt up again, trying to take him over and cause chaos all over again. That monster hadn't sensed his utter despair at losing his lover once again and was trying to force the scenario to occur. He growled and ignored it, drawing a few glances from the wary doctors, they were under his hypnosis but as little as possible as he didn't want to make them lose their focus on the task at hand. They had to be able to save his Mina... They had to... -Forever and a Day- Mina didn't know what time it was when she woke up, the memories of previous events flashing through her mind as she lay upon the bed, wondering how she was waking up at all. Not to mention, nothing hurt, everything was pleasantly numb at this moment in fact... She opened her eyes and saw Rebecca up in her face with a worried expression. \"Mina! Oh my god! I thought you were a goner! Thank god you're okay! I thought that when he...\" She looked around the room \"when he bit you that you were dead...\" Mina focused on the room a little bit more \"Where is Vlad?\" Her sister made a face \"Not here, I'm not letting that thing hurt you Mina.\" The blonde looked at her sister in surprise before noticing a tiny black bat hanging from the corner of the room. It shuffled a bit when she looked at it and she smiled A/N: That's all for now, I'm betting like three more chapters? Maybe four, maybe two, we'll see Till next time, -Winged Element[Chapter 41] A/N: In the comp lab again, I don't feel like I got a break this weekend… I had so much shit to do… *grumbles* I am not a happy Leigh right now, I still have way too much to do and not enough time to do it… either way I'll just type some fanfiction and forget the world right now ^^; Disclaimer: Only a couple chapters till the end and you guys still need this? Guest: Isn't he though? :) Thanks for the review! Clash of Beasts The shaggy wolf snarled at the ancient monster in front of it, it wasn't going to stand for any more bloodshed on this beings' behalf. The monster smiled \"My dear Vlad, what on earth do you think you're going to do? The process is already started in motion.\" The monster looked up to the sky and the darkening clouds that swirled overhead, the wolf glanced that way and huffed, it's hackles still raised. \"You're not fooling anyone, you have not the power to defeat me, I am the one who made you, the one who guided you into the monster that you are now. You can never hope to conquer me.\" The man had raised a lip then, snarling ever so slightly, Vlad grinned inwardly, he needed the man to lose his composure, to let loose the monster within and then, maybe then, he might have a chance. He had come to realize that he was never going to be able to be happy with Mina until this monster was dead. The looming threat of having their deal acted upon was too much of a hazard for the young human woman, he couldn't risk her getting hurt… He snarled and snapped at the monster and the clouds overhead grew ever darker, preparing to let loose a storm the likes of which had never been seen before by any mortal eyes that roamed the planet. All the while two monsters faced off beneath it, ready to kill for their goals. -Forever and a Day- \"Mina! You shouldn't be trying to get up yet!\" her sister said, trying to push the blonde back down onto the bed, said blonde shook off the attempts and rose slowly but steadily to her feet. The bat in the corner had disappeared, that could only mean that Vlad had called it back, had need of it, she didn't know how it affected Vlad to have himself in separate parts but it couldn't be easy. She wanted to believe that he just thought she was safe and didn't think he needed to keep watching her but one look out the window at the threatening storm that gathered above was enough for her to believe that something was truly wrong. \"I'm fine Rebecca.\" Mina argued, pushing her sister away. \"You are not! Do you know how much blood you lost?! You can't just run out there like I know you want to! This isn't something for us. This is something that has to be sorted out by the monsters who created the problem.\" The older sibling snapped, Mina glared at her sister \"He's in trouble Becca.\" \"He nearly killed you!\" Rebecca was nearly shouting now but she couldn't help it, her sister was such an idiot, how could she think that she could just run out in front of a monster like that, a beast really, with more capacity to kill than many of the natural creatures that roamed this earth. The brunette was recalling the sound of the wolf's howl that had chilled her to the very bone, she wasn't sure if there would ever be a moment that she'd be so afraid ever again. \"Becca, that wasn't his fault, it's not his fault what he is, he can't help it any more than you can help loving Jess, so please, just let me go, just let me do this.\" \"It's not going to be my fault when you get yourself killed.\" Rebecca said quietly, looking down at the bedsheets.\" Mina hugged her sister tightly, wondering if she'd ever see the brunette again. She shook her head and then stood, touching the wall to keep her balance and tried to figure the best way out of this predicament. -Forever and a Day- Vlad started his charge forward, claws clicking against the pavement as he dashed for the ancient being. They met in the middle, the man becoming an old, vicious looking wolf mid leap and tackling the smaller hound to the ground where they snarled and bit at one another's throats, trying to gain the upper hand. At some point they had shifted back to a two legged form, not that it made much difference to the pair, they still snarled and bit like beasts. The Master got in a really good swipe and took out a chunk of the younger's side. Vlad howled, disappearing and reappearing a short distance away. The Master flicked the blood from his hands \"Come now my pawn, you know you can't win this, you are of my blood and my creation, you cannot hope to defeat your own master.\" Vlad sneered, spitting out a mouthful of his own blood, his body was trying to heal but the fight was already starting to take its toll as his side slowly started to stitch together. \"What's the point of all this then?\" he shouted, gesturing to the sky above them which crackled with power, he knew it still had more ritual, he hadn't completed the sacrifice, there wasn't enough power for the demon to enter this realm. The Master grinned \"A gamble, one with my very existence on the line, the best kind.\" Vlad coughed and shook his head, and then footsteps interrupted his next thoughts, he turned and saw a blonde head coming slowly toward them and his eyes widened in horror. \"Mina no…\" A/N: I am the most evil person, I know, but it's fun. Also the next chapter I can just about guarantee is the last one. Till next time, -Winged Element[Chapter 42] A/N: Here I go, back in the computer lab, trying to keep on top of things, cause this weekend is Youma and I can't afford to have homework to do while I'm there, I don't need to have extra stuff to do, so I'm gonna have a big push to try and get ahead of stuff tonight, which means I need to be super on top of things during the day here. Also! Today is spoop day! Also known as Halloween! It won't be when I post this but I hope that everyone has a wonderful and exciting Halloween! Disclaimer: Still no owns, I'm sorry Alex: I'm glad you like it so much, thanks for the review! Kiss of Eternity The Master grinned, knowing that he had an upper hand now, his pawn was going to be distracted trying to save one miserable human being. \"What will you do now little prince?\" the monster sneered and Vlad snarled, he could feel the ancient being trying to push on his blood, trying to force him back into the beast that he had submitted to not that long ago. He resisted, the smell of Mina's blood both encouraging and driving him further into the beast, he didn't know what to do… he couldn't risk harming her again… why had she come here…? He snarled at the Master again. \"I will not hurt her again. You have no power over me when it comes to my heart, my love for her lasts longer than the control that you hold over me!\" he snapped. The Master growled back, frustrated that his pawn would not do his bidding this time. \"If you will not do the deed then you leave me no choice.\" The Master vanished in a flash of mist and appeared next to the blonde who looked more startled than ever. Vlad knew the monster's intent before he even vanished and was on his way over to her already. But the ancient being was more powerful and faster than he, he reappeared next to Mina and had his claws around her throat. Mina was frozen in fear, even if she hadn't been, the old, gnarled fingers latched around her neck would have been enough to stop her. She could smell blood and a musty, old smell on the vampire in front of her, he gave a sick simile of a smile in her direction and she shivered. \"Do you prefer I just strangle you or do you want a quicker method?\" he asked softly, flicking one hand behind him and shoving Vlad off his feet before he could rescue her. The young woman summoned all the strength she could and spat at him. \"Go to hell.\" She ground out with the air she had left, the surprise on his face making it worth it. She could see Vlad approaching again, ready to strike out once more. But before he could there was a pain in her throat and she collapsed to the ground, feeling the life pouring out of her. Vlad couldn't make it in time, Mina was on the ground and the blood was pouring out of her throat and a pace that he couldn't begin to hope to stop. He cried out, and then glared daggers at the Master, launching himself at the monster, tackling the other man as he laughed \"That's it my pawn, let the rage overtake you! Let it consume you!\" Whatever else he had been about to say was cut off when Vlad tore his heart from his chest, crushing it between his hands. He turned back to his lover who was lying on the on the cold ground again for the second time in too short a time period. This time though… he gently scooped her into his arms. There was a weak croak from her and the tiniest of twitches in her limbs. There was no way to get her to help in time… but maybe… just maybe… the former prince bit down on his own wrist, drawing some of the blood into his mouth, he hoped it was enough, he hadn't tried to create another of his own kind for several centuries… He paused and looked into the blonde's face, he hoped that she wouldn't blame him for this… He couldn't stand to lose her again though… He pressed his lips to hers, holding her chin steady and mouth open, he felt her swallow weakly against his hand and then again, and again… each one stronger than the last. Vlad took this as a good sign and pulled away from her to catch his breath. Mina was coughing and he could hear her heart beat erratically. \"Vlad… what…\" \"Shhh…\" Vlad ran a hand through her hair \"Just close your eyes and relax…\" Mina did as she was told and he watched her breathing steady out and then just stop all together, now he just had to wait and hope for the best. He looked up to the clouds and could see the storm was still roiling above but it hadn't gotten any worse. The former prince hoped that the spell would wear itself out shortly and dissipate, he tried to calm his own emotional state, knowing that he was still connected to the spell that the Master had tried to set up. Speaking of the old worm… he looked and saw the body slowly twitching. How could that thing still…? He walked over to the body calmly and clasped the wrinkled old jaw under one hand and a shoulder under the other, took a deep breath and then pulled. He dropped the pieces to the ground, knowing that he'd still have to burn them later and scatter them. But for now… he looked back to Mina who lay on the ground, he picked her up and carried her slowly and carefully to his home, she would be safe there until she awoke. He had to believe that she would awaken, he wasn't sure that he could go on if she didn't. A short time later and the Master had been taken care of once and for all, although the reality that he was gone had still to set in for the other vampire. He reappeared in his room in a flurry of wings to see Mina looking around the room scared but alive. He smiled softly \"Come my love, there's a lot for you to learn.\" A/N: Okay so I might write an epilogue but this is really the end of the action… Till next time, -Winged Element ","Summary":" A/N: Hello! So, any of you who follow me are probably wondering, \"What's Winged Element doing post"}]