[{"Movie":"Paul Blart: Mall Cop","Title":"The Sacrifice","Author":"Mislav","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11794335","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I don't own any of the \"Paul Blart: Mall Cop\" characters and I am not making any money from writing this. Please forgive any minor spelling or grammar mistake, English is not my native language. This is the Valentine's Day story. Oneshot. Published two days too late, because I've been busy. Veck/Vixen pairing. (Vixen was one of the robbers, portrayed by Natascha Hopkins.) This story takes place in the same universe as my previous \"Paul Blart: Mall Cop\" fanfic, \"Save Tonight\". (Music: \"Blood\" by Middle East) January 17th, 2009 Vixen ran a hand through her hair. The interrogation room was annoyingly small. The camera near by was running. She stared at it, in an almost taunting way. The fun had been in the chase. Travel. She reached her destination. As well as the others. And she wasn't going to tell a thing, no matter how hard life in prison was. She only hoped that Veck was OK... # Veck was waiting in the interrogation room patiently, looking down at his hands. His body was still tingling from the mixture of thrill and exhaustion, his limbs still aching due to all the commotion and fighting. He was breathing heavily. It was all over. He had gotten arrested. All of his... accomplices had gotten arrested too. He knew that. He also knew that they would all use their right to remain silent. That they wouldn't rat on him. But what was the point? They had all been caught on the scene (or near by). There were hundreds of witnesses implicating them. And Vixen... she was under arrest too. He smirked, remembering the time they had spent together. How she was always on his side, even more so than the others. How she had even agreed to spent the whole night in the basement, as a preparation for their... mission. The mission that had gotten ruined... He remembered how they had made love, last night included. How he had lied on top of her, inhaled her scent, pinned her arms down against the bed, sucked at her skin... Once the two detectives in charge of interrogating him entered the interrogation room, he already had the plan. The man, tall and stocky brown haired guy with the file in his hand, introduced himself as detective Jeremy Smith, and the woman, young blonde of average height and weight, introduced herself as detective Heather Matthews. \"Things don't look good for you, mr. Simms\", Jeremy informed him, sitting down at the table, followed by Heather. \"None of your buddies are talking, I'll give you that. But the witnesses? Oh, they are talking. We have a small arms of police officers interrogating them at this very moment. They saw your face. They saw your face. They saw what you did. Even if you don't confess now, you pretty much confessed in front of them too.\" \"Our techs examined your phones\", Heather continued. \"We have the evidence of your communication. Mostly in codes, but still. They even managed to locate your hide-out, through the signal records.\" \"We identified your accomplices too\", Jeremy said, opening the file. \"Via fingerprints. They all have criminal records, as expected.\" He kept droning on, while Veck used that opportunity to go through the plan one more time, in his head. Jeremy's voice annoyed him. \"And Vixen\", Jeremy said at last. \"Convicted of burglary in 2009. And once again in 2011.\" \"It took me a lot of work with her\", Veck commented, nodding his head. \"She just... didn't get along.\" He did his best evil smile. \"I literally had to drag her in.\" A short, tense silence ensued. \"You abducted her?\", Heather questioned. \"A few years ago, yes\", Veck lied. He tilted his head to the side. \"It was more of... a blackmail. She has a sister upstate, currently in prison. She also has a mother downtown.\" He grinned. \"I can be pretty... persuasive.\" \"She must have been a valuable asset\", Jeremy suggested. Veck nodded his head. \"I needed the chick who could fight. Who knew her way around the locks.\" He grinned. \"Just check that basement. In that house that you mentioned. Have your forensics run some tests.\" He forced a chuckle. \"She agreed to sleep in there! What a shame.\" He snickered. \"But she was pretty co operative. I would only have to rough her up once or twice a week.\" Heather couldn't help but look at Veck with a look od disgust on her face. \"You are an evil man, mr. Simms\", she couldn't help but comment. His grin grew wider. \"That's what she would tell me. Often.\" He rubbed his chin. \"I doubt she will tell you anything though. She fears me too much.\" Jeremy frowned. \"Phone records... aren't really consistent with that.\" \"As you said, it was all mostly in codes. And we did our best to kept it professional.\" # Vixen glared at Heather and Jeremy once they entered the interrogation room. She was determined not to tell them a thing. To her surprise, they didn't ask her anything. At first. Heather walked over to her, rolling her shirt sleeves up. Heather saw reddish bruises, coloring Vixen's skin. She then examined Vixen's collar and saw a purple bruise on her collarbone. The memories of the night she had spent with Veck flashed in front of Vixen's eyes and she blushed. Jeremy and Heather exchanged a look. They appeared... sympathetic. \"Everything will be all right\", Heather promised her. \"We will back soon.\" Vixen had no idea how to respond to that, or what that detective even meant. And then, Jeremy and Heather just left, closing the door behind. # Heather was walking around the hallway nervously, her hands down her pockets. Finally, Jeremy walked over to her, a grimace on his face and a file in his hand. \"Forensics rushed with the analysis\", he explained. \"They found Vixen's fingerprints in the basement. And on the empty water bottle found in there. Some hairs on the bed inside. We'll have to wait a few days for DNA analysis, but...\" \"She was in it all against her will?\", Heather asked. \"It looks that way.\" Heather sighed. \"Now the DA will have to get her to testify...\" \"She may not need to testify. Veck's cutting a deal.\" He sighed. \"I'm sure that his partners in crime will do the same, once the word gets to them. They'll panic... you know how that works.\" Heather looked away. \"I still have to hear from DA, to see what will happen to Vixen.\" \"I think they will just let her go.\" # February 14th, 2009 Vixen adjusted her waitress uniform, choking back something she couldn't quite describe before she went to serve another giggling young couple. Her shift was almost over. One way or another, Veck had saved her. Who knows how many lies he had told, for her benefit. The others had probably noticed that, but knowing him and realizing that the best solution was to go with the already established story, they hadn't done anything about that. And now, Veck was in prison, bound to stay in there for quite some time... and she was completely free. She remembered that jolts of jealousy that would tingle in her chest every time she would see Veck drool over that red-haired... Amy or something. The adrenaline that had pumped through her body that night, at that mall. He only contacted her once. After a week. He had sent her the letter... more of an improvised map. That had led her to an abandoned house in the countryside, and to the metal box hidden underneath the floor boards, full of cash. His secret stash... one of them. She didn't spend the money, or even look inside the box much. But she kept it in her house, at her bedside, as a memory of her love, to help her live through the life that she hated. ","Summary":" A/N: I don't own any of the \"Paul Blart: Mall Cop\" characters and I am not making any money from "},{"Movie":"Paul Blart: Mall Cop","Title":"Paul Blart: Mall Hell can't stop us now","Author":"Wirtsleg","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11205466","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: not for the faint of blart... Paul Blart Mall Hell can't stop me now It is a dark and somber night as Paul closes down the mall. His stands still, halting his perimiter check. A gallery of missing children lost in that mall , is beckoning his attention. Glancinging over in sympathy he siliently vows to get them home. He exits the mall looking up at a bright red moon. it is unual yet inspiring. he reaches into cellphone clip to retrive his phone,wanting to capture this rare occurance... but he realizes his phone is gone \"Aww fudge, I left my phone in the office!\" Guess I'll have to go back and get it. He walks slowly to the back door of the mall with his head down low, chastising himself for his flaws. He reaches his office and sees his phone on the desk, he lets out a sigh and shugs his sore shoulders. Pouting in frustration he walks over and picks up the phone, clipping it back to his belt . \"AHHHHHHHHHHHHUHHHHH!\" A blood currdling scream echos though the halls, making him jump, fiddling his keys he lands on his butt and kicks his legs, pushing his back against the wall. His breath is absent, his heart beat reverbates into his throat and ears. Catching his breath he clinches his chest and looks up at the celing in panic, hesitant to investigate. Quietly he peeks his head out like a church mouse. He musters some courage, getting himself up and trys to pin point where the scream came from. a bright red glow shines from the distance. He picks up his segway and steadly makes his way to the mysterious crimson light. He delves deeper with the red light shining on his face and hears some creepy chanting. \"Hello? \" whoevers down there , you not supposed to be here. were closed. ill be happy to escort you out. The chanting continues and Paul inches his way forward with a flashlight and shivers. There are five cloaked men in shabby red cloth. thier hoods are long and cover their faces. Paul sees a demon emerging from a firey circle as the cloaked ones collapse to the ground Paul sheiks. stumbling his way up the stairs with great haste. he reaches for his segway hauling ass to get to his office. Paul Blart is on his way out, the chanting is in rythym with his heartbeat. the salty sweat burning his eyes. He rubs his them stretching the skin of the eye lids. With eyes wide open all he sees is stars as he stumbles to catch his breath. In the corner of his eye he catches a small ethereal figure dancing. She is glowing blue and white with braided pigtails, and bangs to match her innocence, Paul inches closer with his head tilted to his side. As he shuffles closer with wide eyes his fingers reach out to touch her. She grabs his sweaty hand and tugs . Her smile turns to a sinister grin ... \" c'mon I want to show you something hehehe... \" She says as she skips slowly dragging an exhausted mall cop behind. What lies ahead is a long stair way, daughting, it is a harrowing task due to a broken escalator A small child kept playing on it earlier that day. That child... is... no longer with stops in his tracks. \" You've gotta be kidding me, why is every ghost trying to kill me?\" Drudging on wincing with every step. he finally ascends to the top. The glowing child runs up to the ledge and rests her arms on the rail. Her eyes grow in size, her tippy toes esccalate her forward. She points down at the fountain, illuminated by the moonlight. Paul pulls out a milk chocolate candybar from his pocket, slowly undressing it. taking a much needed bite. Chewing on every delicious morsel he focuses on the shiny metal object the gorl had pointed to. Ominous in nature, it draws upon Paul's curiosity. Th girl cleverly rips the heavenly confectionary from his hands and leaps to a fountainy death. Paul hustles down stairs , pausing only briefly to stroke his gums cleaning the peanuty, chocholate debri. Approaching the fountain with his hands on his kneesHe lets out a sigh and lifts his leg cover the ledge. His body squeezes the tiny two foot ledge. His hand exstends to the cold still, rippled water to save his snack. Much like a sloth he plummet into the water,grasping candybar, he craddles it and perfoms CPR auntil nothing else remains. With a choclaty stained face and a slouching body he sees the shiny pendant. It is silver with a picture of the high seas. He examines the neckelace as water drips down staining the fountain blood red. A large shadow is cast upon him as he looks up and sees this monstrocity hovering from above. Her face is smashed and caked with make up. She has blue eye shadow,and is cloaked in a shabby brown robe. Paul makes adash for the food court , his natual instinct. he jumps over the counter of a fast food resteruant. hiding behind it. She hovers back and forth patroling the food court . Paul is terrified but he sees salvation in a back door. Finally escaping mall hell, he learns the relief is merly an illusion, as he made a promise to bring the children home and put an end to all the evil plaguing his mall... chapter2 Paul blart ventures back into the cellar, walking amoung the corpses he sees a dusty tome wide open with ancient script and a picture of the demon he witnessed with an origin story ... \"AVID \" \"The immortal hunger of hell.\" With a flashlight angled in one hand and the book wide open resting on the opposite palm he continues reading. An ominus bell tools he flicks his wrist showing 12 ocluck on his watch \"Hmm 12oclock the Sandwitching hour.\" he says to him self. \"Man this book makes me hungry. The bell continues to toll... and the demon stalks him, creeping slowly down the stairs. casting a shadow on the oblivious mallcop. \"I have you now.\" the demon whispers in his ear. The books falls through his finger tips as he races his back and hands agianst the wall. with his head turned wincing in fear. Sighing \" WAIT! Can I atleast make a call to my daugfhter?\" \"As long as you dont call 911 okay?\" \"Why would I call 911? they wouldn't believe me. You demons have no logicat all. This inffuriates the demon, the demon charges Paul Blart and bashes his head against the wall, lifting his feet off the ground. Paul Blart appears to be in a daze as his life flashes before his eyes. mostly visions of food. Regaining his composure, Paul shouts out \"I DONT WANT TO DIE! i WANT TO EAT!\" Kicking and struggling he wiggkles in the demons clutch. The demon reaches toward Pauls chest. gliding his claws down the fabric, clinging down and tearing into his uniform, pulling out his life force. It is a candybar that keeps his blood sugar in check Paul says \"Please dont take that from me It's all I've got.\" The demon laughs with malevalince and tears into the chocklaty peanut adornded nuget. satisfiing his hunger his grip on paul blart lossens as pauls butt hits the floor the demon rubs the back of his head looking at Paul Blart shyly, he says with a stagger umm sorry about all this and being a dick, killing the children and whatnot.\" \"It's okay you were just hungry, it happens to me too.\" ","Summary":" Disclaimer: not for the faint of blart... Paul Blart Mall Hell can't stop me now It is a dark and s"},{"Movie":"Paul Blart: Mall Cop","Title":"I Know You Deserve Better Than Me, But","Author":"DramaBabe007","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8207020","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ok, I just LOVE this pairing so much, and there weren't really that many of them, so I thought I'd try one out. Hope you like it and please review, it would mean a lot to me Amy's POV I sighed as I made my way to the bank to collect my pay cheque, looking forward to going home and relaxing for the weekend. Thank God it was Friday. As I stepped out of the lift to my dismay I was met with the sight of Stuart standing there, waiting for his pay cheque aswell, of course. I turned away from him slightly, trying my best to ignore him. I knew he would start hitting on me like he always did and I hated it, hated him, it made me feel so uncomfortable. I fished around in my bag for a pen and came up empty. Damn it , I thought, feeling frustrated. Stuart noticed of course and offered me a pen which I grudgingly took, deciding that I would not let him get to me. To my delight his flirting attempt was quickly interrupted. 'Hey, guys, ' Veck said with a grin as he came to stand beside me, trying to make conversation about Fridays and stuff, effectively changing the subject. I greeted him and smiled back, grateful that he came to my aid. However, I looked down again quickly, suddenly overcome by shyness. I always felt this way around Veck, I always wanted to stay staring into his beautiful grey/green eyes forever, but i was scared to. He's only being nice, amy, I told myself. He doesn't like you the same way you like him. Don't get your hopes up. Giving a quick glance around the room I suddenly realised that Paul was missing. Didn't he usually come to get his pay chaque on Fridays too? I sighed again as I thought about Paul, feeling guilty. I knew he was into me, it was obvious, but I just didn't feel the same way about him. He was sweet and all and i felt so mean, but i just didn't love him back. Friends was all we were, and that was all we would ever be. I still felt slightly concerned though as Paul was always on time, without fail. 'Hey, guys, do you-' I started but was cut off when Leon suddenly burst through the door shouting, 'Hey, guys, there are some crazy dudes out there trying to take over the mall! ' I gasped. 'What? ! ' I have to say i was more confused than worried at that point. People taking over the mall? What? Why? Endless question flew through my head but there was no time to answer them as a guy dressed all in black suddenly crashed into the room on a skateboard, followed by a few more guys in black. They were all holding guns. 'Get down! ' The nearest one yelled and we all sunk to the floor without question. All except for Veck. 'Veck, what are you doing, get down! ' I hissed, going crazy with worry. What did he think he was doing? ! Those guys had guns! That's when it happened. The guy with the skateboard slid some sort of device across the table to Veck, who picked it up, stopping it just before it skidded off the end of the table. Veck looked down at me, his once warm, friendly eyes now hard and unreadable. Then i realised. He was one of them. 'Oh, my God, ' I breathed, my voice barely above a whisper. Veck smiled. 'Wanna know the craziest part? I'm the leader. ' I felt like the world had fallen away. Veck? ! VECK? ! How could Veck be in on this? It just didn't make sense! 'I-I don't understand, ' I stammered. 'i mean, why , Veck? ' He didn't answer, eyes blank and unreadable. I couldn't believe this. I felt so betrayed. Veck turned away, shrugging on a black jacket. I tore my eyes away from him reluctantly. I couldn't stop myself from thinking about how gorgeous he looked in that jacket. I gritted my teeth together in defiance. Why, why did i have to love him when he was the bad guy in all of this? When Veck turned around again it was like he was someone new. His eyes hardened, they turned dark and cruel. His voice turned mocking as he began filling us in on the 'rules' now that we were hostages. 'Kindly tie up the person next to you, keep your mouths shut , hand over your cell phones. ' Hand over your cell phones. I gulped, knowing that my cell phone was my only chance of escaping. I thought fast and quickly slid the phone under my leg, out of sight. 'I don't have one, ' I informed the guy collecting the phones, looking down at the floor. 'Amy! ' Veck exclaimed, as if he had only just realised that I was there. I knew it was all just part of the act and i longed for the real Veck to be here. Not this cruel, cold man who was approaching me now. 'Amy, ' he breathed again, crouching down in front of me. All at once his cold, cruel eyes seemed to soften as they gazed into mine and for a minute I thought I was getting the real Veck back. 'You know, ' Veck continued, still holding my gaze, 'I was hoping that you and I could have a whole Bonnie-and-Clyde thing going on. ' He cracked a smile. 'You know, minus dying in a hail of gunfire, of course, ' he tried to joke. All the time he stared into my eyes and I couldn't look away. The way he was saying it, it almost sounded as if there was a double meaning behind his words, like he was trying to tell me something. 'What do you say? ' My breath caught in my throat and for a second I was undecided. Of course, I couldn't do this, I couldn't help him with whatever crazy plan he had. I wouldn't, no matter how much it hurts me to throw away the chance of being with him. He was probably just messing with me anyway, he wasn't being serious. 'Go to hell, ' I said, trying to sound tough but my voice cracked. 'Ouch, ' Veck said, pulling back abruptly, his eyes turning cold and angry again. He smiled but it was a sarcastic one. While Veck was shouting orders at his henchmen, I sat quietly, worrying. Suddenly my phone buzzed. Damn it, I thought, suppressing a gasp. Thankfully neither Veck nor his henchmen had noticed. I ignored it. If i was caught, there was no telling what they would do to me. I was terrified. Where was a mall cop when you needed him? After a while of nothing new happening, we found out that Paul Blart was inside the mall. I couldn't believe it. I was filled with hope, until Veck sent out his henchmen to track him down. That's when the girl was hustled in. 'What's this? ' Veck asked in genuine surprise. 'What is she doing here? How did she get in? ' 'I found her walking down the corridor near the back entrance, Veck, I-' I tuned out after that, feeling really sorry for the kid, who was now being tied to a chair. She looked even more terrified than i felt. 'Hey, i'm Amy, ' I said with a smile, trying to make her feel more at ease. 'Amy? My dad's been talking non=stop about you! I'm Maya, ' the girl said with a grin. 'Oh! ' I exclaimed. 'Really? ' Yet more evidence that Paul was into me. I felt so bad for him. I didn't like him that way at all. The only updates we got on the situation outside was eavedropping on Veck's telephone conversation with the officers outside, which wasn't hard, since he was talking pretty loud. It seemed that the SWAT army were outside, although they couldn't get in because the doors were motion sensored and bombs would go off if you tried to enter. Everything was seeming hopeless. I sighed as I tried to keep it together. Veck stood up quickly and started muttering instructions to a few of the other guys who had been guarding us hostages, and they immediately began to untie us. I looked around and saw that everyone else also looked as confused as I felt. 'Rudolf, you take this half, ' Veck motioned to a group of us with his hands, 'And Prancer, you take this half. ' He motioned to the other group. 'I'll meet you down there as soon as i've got this sorted out. ' Prancer's group headed off in one direction, while Rudolf led us down a corridor to the other side. Veck was walking briskly along in front of us but he turned off suddenly down another corridor to the right of us. As we passed, I made a quick and probably very stupid decision. I quickly darted off to the right, and continued on down the corridor after Veck as fast as I could. I couldn't believe I hadn't got caught! Veck hadn't noticed that I was followingg him yet. I suddenly felt extremely nervous and scared, but I needed answers. I couldn't go on like this! And I really needed to see the real Veck. I gave a small cough. 'Veck? ' I called out timidly. He jumped and spun around. 'A-Amy? What are you doing here? ' he stammered. 'H-How did you. . . . . ' He trailed off. I approached him slowly. I could actually feel myself trembling. 'I. . . . I. . . . ' I started but then trailed off, unsure how to go on. My hands were shaking and I gave up all atempt at keeping it together, staying cool and tough. . . . I just needed to understand. 'Veck. . . . ' I started again. I could see now that his eyes were not as cold and hard as they had been before when we were with the others and that encouraged me. 'Veck, when you said about. . . . . about that Bonnie-and-Clyde thing. . . . Did you. . . . did you mean it? ' I bit my lip nervously, suddenly feeling foolish. I resisted the urge to look down at the ground. Veck stared into my eyes again and this time they softened completely and it was the same friendly, warm gaze that I loved and had missed about Veck. I found myself lost in those eyes, unable to look away. . . . . . . . . Veck's POV I tore my eyes away from her beautiful face and looked down at the ground. I suddenly felt embarrassed. She had me now, I had to tell the truth. But what if she didn't feel the same way? Why would she, i'm no good for her, she deserves better than me. Surely she could have any guy she wanted, so why would she ever love me? And she must hate me now, after everything i've done, trying to take over the mall. . . . . . I sighed and dropped the tough guy act completely as I tried to the message across, the double meaning behind what I had said to her earlier. 'I. . . . Well, in a way, yes. . . . . . ' I struggled to put what I had meant into words. 'I mean, I knew you would say no. I knew you would never work with me to take over the mall. But, I guess it was just my way of letting you know. . . . . How I. . . . How I feel about you. ' I looked up to gauge her reaction. I could still see the confusion in her eyes. 'I mean, Bonnie and Clyde were in love with each other, so, what I meant was. . . . . I. . . . . Well, I. . . . . . . ' I suddenly felt choked up. I didn't know what to say. Finding my voice again I managed to choke out, 'I guess i'm not really good with words. ' I gave a weak smile. 'But what I'm really trying to say is. . . . . . . Amy, I love you. ' Amy's POV I felt numb. I could barely make sense of the turmoil of thoughts whizzing around in my head at that moment. There was just one thought that I understood but it seemed too good to be true. He loves me. Veck Simms loves me! I looked up at him but he was looking at the ground. He looked. . . embarrassed? Sad? I wondered what was troubling him. Without thinking, I reached out a hand to touch his face and brought it up so that I could see his eyes. 'Veck, ' I said, my voice barely more than a whisper. 'I love you, too' Veck's eyes widened. He looked surprised. 'You do? ' He asked in astonishment. I nodded. 'But. . . . but I thought. . . I thought you'de hate me. I mean. . . It doesn't make sense. . . . for you to love me. . . . . . . ' He looked so sad that I felt tears spring to my eyes. 'I know, ' I mumbled. 'I know it doesn't make sense. I shouldn't love you! You're like, the bad guy in all of this! ' I started to lose it, let out all my feelings. My voice rose in pitch. 'I should hate you! But. . . But. . . i don't. I don't know why. I know I shouldn't love you but. . . . . . ' I trailed off. 'But? ' Veck murmured. 'But I do. ' I assured him. 'I know I shouldn't, but i do. ' Veck's beautiful eyes filled with tears as he looked up at me. 'And. . . And, I know you deserve better than me, but. . . . . ' 'But? ' I said. Veck managed a weak smile. 'But I still love you. I've loved you since I first saw you, but I never in a million years thought that you would love me back. ' 'That's just how I feel about you, Veck, ' I squeak, my eyes filling with tears. Half happiness, half saddness. I was getting so emotional. 'And I never thought you would love me back either. ' Veck stepped away from me suddenly. His eyes filled with fresh tears as he tried to smile. 'It won't do if I just let you go will it? ' I shook my head and Veck sighed. The tears streamed down his face. I felt my own eyes sting with tears that started to spill over as I walked over to him. I brushed away a tear from his beautiful face. I couldn't stop the tears flowing now. They were coming too fast. I felt so sorry for Veck. He was going to give this up for me. Let the hostages go. I didn't fully understand what it would mean for him but I knew now that he had taken over the mall for a reason. Veck wiped a tear from under my eye and tucked a lock of hair behind my ear. 'I will get you and the others out of here safely, Amy. I promise. ' And with that, Veck leant down and gently pressed his lips to mine. ","Summary":" Ok, I just LOVE this pairing so much, and there weren't really that many of them, so I thought I'd "},{"Movie":"Paul Blart: Mall Cop","Title":"Stay","Author":"Fuzzybuni","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4833600","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Oh wow. About this one shot... I loved Paul Blart: Mall Cop. Especially Veck. He was hot. HAHAHA. Anyway, there are probably a lot of mistakes (probably grammatical and spelling too). Such as the characters (only being Veck and Amy in this) being a little OOC at times... also her phone number? I swear it was 555-0178... I feel as much an idiot as Paul now. xD This fan fiction is dedicated to my good friends Jessica and Jenny! Happy birthday Jenny! :D My name is Veck. And I hate working at the mall. Reason is: Paul Blart. I'm the trainee and I was assigned to work with him. Oh joy , I first thought. And I was right from the start. I hated working with Paul. I loathed him to the point of me wanting to strangle the man. He showed me all of his \"fancy\" techniques such as reaching back for a gun that wasn't even attached to my belt, to \"frighten\" a person that was disobeying the mall rules. God, how stupid he was. An oversized-idiot. Reason I actually started working at the mall wasn't because I couldn't find a decent job for my low education, it was because I wanted to take over the mall. Literally. Steal all of its money and just – take it over. Longer I hung out with Blart (remember: by force ) I then found out about his little infatuation with Amy. The pretty woman that worked at the Hair Extension Kiosk. It'd be considered a Kiosk, right? Anyway, she was very pretty and I had that feeling that I had to get to know her. -- \"Hey,\" I mumbled to her, rolling over towards her on the segway that each mall cop received when you first joined. I wasn't good at handling it yet... so I screeched to a stop in front of her, much rather so looking like an idiot. Blart was good at riding driving his segway. But the man had been stuck working here for ten years or whatever... I wasn't really paying attention to him... I never did and still don't. \"Hi,\" she replied quietly, watching me climb off of my segway. \"Aren't you the one that works with Paul?\" I nodded, rolling my eyes. \"Yeah, I'm the trainee, so I'm stuck with him,\" I said back to her, examining all of the hair extensions behind her. I stayed close to my segway gripping one of its handles as I continued staring at the wall of hair. She giggled at me and I resumed eye contact with her. \"Having fun?\" she inquired. I rolled my eyes again. It seemed as though I tended to do that a lot. \"Time of my life,\" I replied, giving her a sarcastic smile. \"He's greaaaat .\" I extended my sarcasm and she laughed at me, which caused me to smile wider at her. \"Want to have a drink with me tonight?\" she asked. That was rather sudden; caught me off guard actually. I gave her a puzzled look. \"Oh – uh... sure,\" I mumbled back, rubbing the back of my neck. \"Need my number?\" she questioned, smiling at me again. \"Sure,\" I said, pulling my phone out of my back pocket. I flipped it opened and raised an eyebrow at her. \"It's 555-0178,\" she said slowly, so that I could catch it all. I added her to my contact list and looked back at her, smiling. \"I'll text you, 'kay?\" I winked at her and she smiled warmly. \"As for now, Blart's probably looking for me... I'm supposed to be with him the whole time... Learning apparently...\" She laughed at me again. \"Well, I'll see you tonight –\" She stopped speaking, letting her mouth hang open. I started at her curiously as I climbed back onto my segway. \"Your name,\" she finally muttered and her eyelashes fluttered rapidly. \"I didn't catch it.\" \"Veck,\" I said with a grin, \"It's Veck. And you're Amy?\" \"Paul told you?\" she asked, giggling. I nodded. \"Of course. Well, see ya!\" \"Yes! Bye,\" she said, smiling at me again. -- So the two of us went for a drink later that night actually. And after that drink, we visited the bar again and again, learning more about each other. Soon, the us meeting there thing? It became dates. And kissing lead to sex and we loved each other. I really liked the girl and I believed that she really loved me. Then, I finally got to that \"take over the whole mall deal\" thing. It worked, besides the fact that Amy was one of my hostages. I still played along fine and I knew I'd never hurt her. Thing that pissed me off though is that she helped Blart, that stupid mall cop, find me out and beat me at our little war between him and my gang of crooks. He was the one to even cuff me, which made me all the angrier. \"Wait! Wait!\" I heard Amy call from behind me and the two police men that were dragging me off to wherever we were heading. I'm not oblivious: obviously jail. I struggled against the policemen to let me go and they wouldn't let me budge. \"Let me see her!\" I hollered, still struggling against their strength. They finally actually let me see her and they turned me around to face her. I wouldn't look up at her; I felt sort of ashamed. She stopped suddenly in front of me; I could see her shoes and she leaned in towards my ear. \"I still can't help but love you,\" she whispered so very lowly. \"I'll be waiting for you when you're back. I'll stay.\" I looked up at her now, feeling extremely happy. I grinned at Amy because I couldn't help it. She was great. -- I was finally released from jail and that day was the day I went searching for Amy. I was hoping oh so badly that she didn't really change what she had looked like, or I wouldn't even recognize her. I mean, I didn't change much, but she could have. And it's been several years. I stopped by the stupid mall, where it all happened, first. She could be there... The mall didn't change much from what I remember, but it was definitely fixed up from when I was last here. I went to where her Hair Extension Kiosk was located. It wasn't there anymore and I was terribly disappointed. There were only two benches there, facing back to back. I bit my lip. There was a woman sitting there on the bench facing away from me and she had the same hair colour as Amy, but I couldn't be too sure that it was actually her. Ah, heck. It's worth a shot to check... I walked casually towards the bench and I looked a bit to the left to check if it was her. I didn't completely stop walking or else I'd be considered a creeper. \"Veck?\" she called. It was her! I stopped walking and I turned around. I grinned so widely at her and she leaped up from the bench. I held out my arms to her and she rushed over quickly then hugged me so tightly. \"I can't believe you stayed,\" I whispered into her sweet smelling hair. \"I didn't technically,\" she mumbled, pulling away. She gave me a tense look and she held her own hands very tightly. \"What?\" I asked quickly, giving her a confused look. \"What do you mean?\" \"I married Paul, Veck,\" she said simply, looking a little bit hurt. I was suddenly angry. I mean, I had every right to be. That man – that bastard – married my lovely girl. I wanted to snap on her but I didn't. I half-assed stopped myself. \"H-how could you?! I thought you – you loved me!\" I grabbed my hair tightly, staring at the ground with wide eyes. \"I can't believe this! Blart!?\" \"That's not it though!\" she exclaimed defensively, shielding her arms up at me. \"I love Paul, but I love you so much more! I'd do anything for you! I want to be with you ! I did stay!\" I just looked at her plainly, not sure of what look to give her. \"You still do love me.\" She nodded once, her face remaining serious. \"You know what? Meet me at that motel around the corner from here... know where it is?\" I nodded. \"Tonight. Meet me there. Room 2, 'kay?\" -- I met her there as planned. Walking through the glass doors of the motel, I gazed around the place. It was decent looking. But cheap too. Pale rugs and walls... dim lights. I walked over to the man behind the white coloured counter and I told him I was meeting a friend in Room 2. He nodded at me, pointing to the left door that must have lead down a hallway. I went down the hallway, getting to Room 2 and opening the door slowly. I entered the room, right away noticing her sitting on the edge of the double bed. Room looked the same as the rest of the motel. Pale colours. Boring really. I stood there awkwardly and she got up from off of the bed. She looked at me warily and looked down at her hands, looking rather guilty. \"I left Paul a note,\" she started, while picking at her nails. \"He knows I'm not coming back.\" She looked up at me, smiling slightly now. \"I really did stay. I love you Veck.\" I ran towards Amy, which was only a short distance and squeezed her as close as I could get her to my chest. \"I love you too. Thank you,\" I said quickly, grinning into her shoulder. \"Thank you so much for staying. Thank you, thanks so much.\" ","Summary":" Oh wow. About this one shot... I loved Paul Blart: Mall Cop. Especially Veck. He was hot. HAHAHA. A"},{"Movie":"Paul Blart: Mall Cop","Title":"Paul's Mini Mall Cop","Author":"LaLaMichelle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7392773","Passage":"[Chapter 1] - My second fanfic! I'm proud to say that xD Anyways, this is a fanfic for Paul Blart: Mall Cop if you do not know already… It was hectic as the people were scattering themselves around the mall to get out. Paul Blart was finishing his lunch and the new mall cop trainee, Veck was nowhere to be found. The fire alarm sounded, yet nobody could seem to locate an unlocked door. Paul's POV: \"Calm down, ma'am. Everything. Will. Be. Fine.\" I told a husky looking woman, while angrily talking through my gritted teeth. I, myself , had really no idea what in the world was happening so there was really nothing to say to reassure anyone. I took a mini Snicker's bar from my mall-security guard-outfit-shirt pocket and ate it. A small kid in the ball pit sat helplessly crying without a parent in sight. I went over to him and he turned his head to look at me. After talking to him, it turned out he was an orphan – a runaway from the orphanage and roughly 5 years old. He begged me to let him stay with me, so I gave in, telling him he could be the \"miniature mall cop\". He laughed happily and his tears left his face. At that moment, I realized just about everyone had found an open door and that the fire alarm had stopped sounding. I had this weird feeling in my stomach…like there will still other people in the mall. I had found out that his name was Drew. Drew's POV : I was sitting in the colorful ball pit crying about, well evvvveryyything; my life mostly. Then, the nice police officer man found me and now I am his \"miniature mall cop\". He is so nice and he even let me have a donut, but for some reason, he seems to be very worried about something. I keep thinking that I see some heavily tattooed man in the window of Hallmark, but I can't be sure. I told Paul just a second ago and his face expression showed even more worry. \"W-w-what's happening,\" I asked, now feeling uncomfortable as Paul picked me up and ran to the Nike store. He got this hockey club off of a mannequin and picked it up. He found me a bat, and told me to use it if I really needed to. It sounds stupid but I think it might just help in moments…like now. I caught a glimpse of yet another tattooed man, but this time, he was bald. I gasped and then the man saw me. \"P-p-pauuuul!\" I said, stuttering and desperate as the man reached for a gun he had in his back pocket. Then Paul came up behind him and the man mumbled something-I-can't-repeat . Suddenly, Paul knocked him in the back of the head with his hockey club. I guess it really does come in use, I thought, laughing inside . The tattooed man was unconscious, I noticed as Paul removed the man's gun and held it. Then he picked me up again, hurrying to search the other parts of the mall of the other man. Instead, we bumped into a woman that looked like she was in her mid-thirties with dreadlocks and a small, but powerful-looking handgun tucked in her back pocket, like the other man, the bullets probably already intact. I guess she didn't see us – yet . Just then, I noticed a deep cut in Paul's arm, probably where one of the men had hit him. Paul crouched down behind a trash can and took out a Powerpuff girl band-aid from his pocket and put it on the cut. Then, I heard a gun fire coming from the other side of the trash can. Paul tried his best to be quiet and put me on the floor then grabbed the gun he'd taken form the other man in the Nike store and stood up, ready to defend himself and I but more than that protect the Orange County Mall and everyone inside of it (like it said on the plaque in his room). To Be Continued. I'll update this soon as I can. please read & review, all comments welcome![Chapter 2] It's not that anybody cares, really, about this story, but I'm now updating it…finally. Paul POV So, instead of Drew or me getting shot, the balloon figurine outside of the closest store got deflated by the gun's bullet. I forgot about Drew (I guess) because a heavy-set lady with a skateboard picked up a crushed up what is that thing called and threw it at me. I cussed loudly enough for anyone to hear and thought 'excuse my language' in my head. The lady was yelling stuff to a man that looked like Veck, but had long hair and a scarred face. Soon Drew was behind me and the lady and man had quieted down. I couldn't figure out where they had gone until I heard the fire alarm go on again. There was a fire this time and you could see it from a mile or so away. You looked down from the 2nd floor, where we are, and the Rainforest Café's sign was in flames as were the plastic animals and trees in the fake jungle setting thing they were trying to portray. Drew was shrieking his head off because of his fright, I guess . As the flames kept getting bigger and bigger, I tried to calm down the kid. He reminded me so much of Maya minus his looks, whining, and life story. I picked him up and carried him quickly down the stairs towards the raging fire and flames then stopped in my tracks as I looked over to the wig stand where Amy would be on a normal day. Today, Black Friday, was her birthday and everyone, especially me, was not able to be celebrating with her. Drew POV I couldn't shut myself up no matter how hard I tried. That was, until I heard the dreadful sound of sirens outside. Paul seemed to stop breathing when he heard his cell phone ringing. I took it from his pocket and answered it since he didn't seem to be making any move to do it himself. \"Hello,\" A gruff and urgent voice said through the phone. \"Uhh, who is this?\" The voice said again when I didn't reply to him. \"Drew, Miniature Mall Cop.\" I said. \"What the hell!\" The man said. My eyes bulged, I think. The women at the orphanage always told us NEVER to use words like that , you know. \"Just give the phone to Paul already!\" The voice ordered. I shoved the phone up to Paul's ear and put the phone on speaker. The conversation went a little like this: Hello? Paul? Yes sir, it's me. Are you in the mall? Where else would I be, sir? Get out, Paul, I'm sending the SWAT inside. They can handle it better than somebody who failed the state trooper test. Wait, no…It can't be! Officer Howard? Sir, I-I-I, didn'tknowitwasyou! No, the SWAT can't help. I need to protect this mall without federal law protection and that crap. What? I think we're going in and out! Well, if you're going to stay in the mall, here's some information. It's crucial, so shut up and listen Paul. They have hostages in the bank. Veck is the leader of this shenanigan they're pulling, those idiots . Okay, I'll go try to see who they have in there, sir Hurry up. Your freakin' life depends on it. If mine does, then Drew's does too. Drew? Who's Drew? The kid you were on the phone with before you talked to me. A kid, a runaway orphan I found in the ball pit before all this crap-load of a mess began. *beep* Hello? Hello? Drew POV Paul seemed to have lost connection with 'Officer Howard' when he turned to face me again. \"We have to go inside the bank - to get the hostages' safety secured,\" He told me, feeling in his pants pocket to find a sugar stick. He ate it quickly and got up. I guess he wanted me to follow him..? So, I got up and followed him, tiptoeing so nobody could hear my footsteps although I was pretty sure they could hear Paul's heavy ones on the shiny title. Paul POV As we reached the corner of wall, the bank sign stood out of the wall un-light up. I could hear muffled voices through the wall. Maya's voice stood out more than the others and I wondered how she could've gotten captured as I checked my watch. Then I realized it; it was just about time for her shift at Footlocker to start. A million thoughts ran through my head and I thought I felt a tear on my sweaty face and Drew must have been looking because he asked me what was wrong. I just shook my head sadly and turned around again to see if I could see through the glass in the bank's window. Unfortunately , the windows were tinted. So, I got up and started towards the door of the bank which was propped open. There were those black rope thingys strung around until they reached the desk in the far corner of the room. I tried to slip under them as soon as I saw Amy , Maya , Leon, and Vijay . But, the rope snapped and I heard somebody get up from their chair abruptly and that same somebody get their gun ready to fire. \"Go!\" I whispered to Drew, pushing him away. He scampred quickly and quietly out of the door just a split second before Veck came in and saw me… ","Summary":" - My second fanfic! I'm proud to say that xD Anyways, this is a fanfic for Paul Blart: Mall Cop if "},{"Movie":"Memento","Title":"Keeping it all in Mind","Author":"Aspergian Mind","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5860771","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Keeping it all in Mind By Aspergian Mind A/N: Another thing that I've wrote to fill in for the large time I'm not posting anything of what's probably my favorite film. Absolutely mind-blowing. This here is a one-shot that would express his earlier times and evolution of his character prior to the movie. Just love the film where there these hints that point us to a twist, this 'probably' does, or does not, too. As a part of a huger whole. What's so fascinating is the feeling of depth that there's infinite lot that to Leonard Shelby happened prior to the film and so much more yet to happen after. Truly only in the fragment of his life struggle. ...My hands seem to reach involuntarily for my pockets. Why am I checking my pockets? I didn't know why at first, but just a millisecond later, the answer snapped in. Because I can't create new memories, because I forget everything, I need to keep up constantly with all the notes to myself that I could be carrying. A scrap of information, plan or objective, a photo with some visual clue. It becomes an impulse to check. All a part of conditioning, like a new instinct for my body functions of awareness that is automatic to compensate but never replace what my head use stored to and hold on to. Never can be too sure. Out of my right pocket I pull out the...cards with writing on them. Shuffle through them to find any that caught my attention. First one I come across is a list of destinations I believe I'm bound for today. In order by --I'm just guessing-- their importance and location. Addresses are crucial if it's a new location. Can't be any good to travel to a new location, prior to the incident. See, Sammy Jenkins tried to t--- Alright, wait. This other one, there's something odd about it. Others seem like I've written on them, so I put those back. A grocery list. What, did a senior in a wheelchair ask me, \"the young man with the strong legs,\" for a favor? A lot of good that did him, not putting a name. LIST: Don't pick anything yourself, don't need much else we're fine than just these here: -Insulin from the pharmacy -Feel free to pick and food, just watch the glycemic index and carbohydrates on all items You know what to get and not to get. That's all, thanks. Very obscure kind of list. Must have been diabetic to watch the diet. Why is the writer of this list trusting my judgment on what to pick? I examine it as if somehow knowing exactly what a diet of a diabetic is. So somehow I know, did I tell the person this? It can't be just anybody who has written this in such specific detail. I don't know anybody who is diabetic, though...maybe. Sighs . Can't I keep what I still have in my mind? This card has got no name on it. It's not my hand-writing, so somebody else wrote this for me, but who? How would I find him? Well, I put it on my list --other piece of paper-- as a destination, but no address. Address isn't for a house but to the one I use to go, or still go. Yeah, that one does have a pharmacy. Is it for home? If it is then who gave me this? First noted on the list, is telling me directly not to make any other choices outside what is listed. Could have told him about my condition. Must be a housekeeper assigned to aid me with my condition. Maybe she's a diabetic, which explains the connection trying to be made in the writing. Then why wasn't the house keeper sent? My gaze looks up from the card. I've spent the entire time looking nowhere but at the card and the pavement below, I have no I idea where I am. Down the street I eyed a police station. Last most formidable memory pops in, practically the only thing that revolves around in my mind. The latest memory is the most frequently recollected, that's why she's memorialized forever. Am I onto something else that I should do personally...? ............ Awake. What was I doing? I feel a sting of frustration in myself. Why is that? First thing I do is try to remember. I see a woman wrapped in plastic laying next to me dying. It all slams you in the face, recollecting such distant, traumatic final memories. My wife. I have to fulfill my lose of that precious life by taking that bastard's own. How long ago was that? Why can't I remember in-between? Right, I got my head smashed for trying to save her. Gone now, but she's still with me inside, but not in the way anyone would want. First thing to remember was the last thing I did. There was a person I met through Insurance Investigation named Sammy Jenkins who 'had' the same condition. I should get a tattoo so to remind myself instantly about what I have each time. It would be on my hand, so it would constantly-- Wait, there's something in my hand now. A card. With words on it. Not my words. Shoot, did I just have relapse? Was I in the middle of studying this card? I feel a turmoil gone over since, and I didn't understand why it was there. I guess I see why. Unlike waking up in bed, have a memory relapse deletes the previous collection of thoughts, but the feelings would remain. How would I know to say that? I guess I told myself that every time it happens to where it's recited, imprinted as a different form of memory. Alright, be quick, don't want to wake up like this again. This is not my handwriting, so am I sent by someone to do groceries? Who? There's no address. Either I forgot to ask --har har-- or it could be for me that someone else wrote. The frustration from before still lingers like a salted wound, I'm already full of it before starting. Fuck it, if I just had this last episode I don't want my induced retardedness to go through it again. I'll just rewrite it and assume it's for me. So I do not get confused with the writing again, I get a new piece of paper. Where would I keep them, in my pant pockets or my suit pockets? Start feeling through the suit pockets and...What do you know, found the cards. Out of my right pocket I pull out the...cards with writing on them. Alright, then the left pocket would be the one with the blank unused ones. And...right I am. Glad I was considerate enough to bring something to write on to remember sometime in the past. Blank ones on the left and written ones on the right. You really need a system to make it work. Keep rehearsing these things and you'll learn your way around. I write down the same items --insulin and food for diabetics-- those oddly specific essentials on a new notecard. No one should just write me stuff, they have no idea what it's like to be clueless and be dependent on writing for facts. Got to learn to trust my own handwriting, make it print. Any other writing I put like cursive is to be put as false. Sounds rehearsed. Good, keep telling yourself that and it'll be a recited verse. You tell yourself this and you will already know. Wait, don't forget to write down the Tattoo fact. Right, Tattoo Fact: \"Remember Sammy Jenkins.\" Alright let me check my other cards. Hey, one of my listed destinations is a tattoo parlor...with an address. Oh, there's one already that says, Tattoo Fact: \"Remember Sammy Jenkins.\" (left hand in cursive) Guess I've told myself this already. Why that extra detail, cursive? What's the difference? I correct myself right then, for I write in standard, clear, readable print to simplify things. Non-cursive, nothing fancy that could be unreadable in extreme cases. Never liked sloppy signatures. Any other writing would be debatable as deceitful or not, like my grocery list. As if a grocery list is a like a 'red herring'. And also pointing out the left hand. Well, I am left handed, so it is good to have the sign on my more frequently used hand. I guess there was a reason I came up for it earlier. I'm hate not knowing what I had thought up earlier. I can only know what to do next if knew what I did earlier. The only consistency in those relapses is in my feelings, but not in their functionality. Can I trust myself? With what I have written earlier. What ever I think now, all this frustration of not knowing from before, agony of remembering your lost love, yearning for relief of this trap. Lost of creating new memories, clinging on to what you had then, if all I have is to hold to what I have no longer, then I have the same drive all the time. No matter who I am, what I do, where I am, no matter what becomes of me, I'll always be looking for and kill that John or James G. Can I trust myself? Yes I can. What I feel now is what I felt then and will be forever. Trapped in the same loop every time. I crumple the new one, since it's useless anyway. Must be. A card I check reads: Your were proven wrong. Sammy's case is true. Sammy Jenkins' wife was diabetic. She is the proof. I knew that already...I think. Why am I keeping this one? All this not remembering is probably eroding what I do remember. Rehab: Your wife is dead, someone took his life, you find him and end him. How can I divert off course from something so simply cruel. Just relax and move on to the next card. The next card says: Update weekly on Investigation. Go to personally to get the direct answers. Today is the day. See a police station down the street. Must be where I was going. Might as well check it out. I move my feet finally and take a glance around. People have been walking around me I noticed, though I avoid acknowledging their presence so not to take too many unnecessary things into my limited storage that stays for a handful of minutes. One that strikes me is this guy, looks like a junkie-type person, sitting comfortably at a bench smiling at me as I walk passed at a distance... A/N: Another complex one-shot that I may have taken more than I can chew. Not to where it came off bad, but still having to work on it harder than I imagined I would. I can hardly imagine all the frustration and anguish of having to go through life not remembering. I have a crazy idea of doing another film for Memento. Sequel or Prequel? You'll never know. I wrote this as a test or demonstration to see I can capture the essence of the film. The most unique thing about the film was it's narrative. Going back-and-forth between two time periods going in opposite directions chronologically, really isolating the individual scenes. That last scene was what would happen later, so it's not yet relevant with this scene so what matters is what happened before the scene we are watching now, but we know nothing about what happened before. Really creates the illusion of having memory lose. You're stuck in a temporary present. It's an endless labyrinth for him. \"Now where was I...?\" ","Summary":" Keeping it all in Mind By Aspergian Mind A/N: Another thing that I've wrote to fill in for the larg"},{"Movie":"Memento","Title":"Leonard goes to the Psychiatrist","Author":"Snowling","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/957842","Passage":"[Chapter 1] MEMENTO Disclaimer:: I don't own anything of \"Memento\", apart from the videotape. ( A/N: This takes place after Leonard shoots Teddy/John G at the beginning ofnthe movie. .......................................... \"And your 15 minutes start ... now\", thought the psychiatrist to himself,nas his next patient walked in. \"So, your name is ...?\" \"Leonard. Shelby.\" \"Make yourself comfortable, Leonard.\" \"Thank you.\" The psychiatrist observed the man sprawled onto the leather couch. He wasnquite young, around 30 he guessed, with bleached blonde hair that hadn'tnseen a comb in quite a while. He wore a rumpled white suit, and had twonmysterious scars on his cheek. He guessed that this newcomer must be one ofnthose city workers, married obviously as he had a ring. \"So, how may I help you?\" \"First of, let me tell you. I have this condition ...\" \"Condition?\" \"Yes. It's when I can't make new memories.\" \"Amnesia?\" \"No, no. Amnesia is the loss of long term memory - I lost my short-termnmemory. So I can't make new memories. But I remember who I am, where Inlived ... everything that happened before the accident. Sometimes if I talkntoo long I'll forget where I started and ... it's complicated.\" \"In that case, Leonard, I'm not really the best person to talk to. I'm notntrained in dealing with medical conditions.\" \"No, I'm fine with my condition. I've learnt to get around it.\" He coughed a little nervously and shifted. The psychiatrist looked at hisnwatch. \"The reason why I'm here today is ... well, I just need someone to talk tonabout my problems,\" said Leonard finally. \"Okay. Start when you're ready.\" Leonard took a shaky breath and began. \"I was an insurance investigator, y'know, checking for frauds and all that.nOne night though, a couple of junkies broke into my house while I wasnasleep. They raped my wife and killed her. I got hit on the head and therenwent my short-term memory.\" The psychiatrist's eyes widened slightly. \"Your case certainly is an unusual one - \" \"That's not the end though,\" Leonard continued. \"I can't remember how longnago that was, but I've been searching for her killer ever since. I shot onenguy dead at the scene, so I've been searching for the remaining one. A JohnnG, according to the police files.\" \"And, have you found him?\" Leonard thought back to what had happened yesterday. He had trusted Teddy,nfoolishly, but he'd got him in the end. \"Yes. And I killed him too.\" The psychiatrist coughed. \"I'm going to pretend I didn't hear that.\" \"It's a pity you still have your short-term memory then,\" replied Leonard.nThe two men laughed a little uneasily at the attempt of a joke. \"So you should feel satisfied that you've avenged your wife's murderer,\"nsaid the psychiatrist. \"Quite the opposite actually. Will I remember killing him?\" \"Maybe you should write yourself a little note or something.\" Leonard rolled up his sleeves to reveal his \"notes\". \"Or get a tattoo.\" Leonard nodded. \"I was planning on doing that today actually, but somehown... I still don't feel satisfied. Now that I've killed him, what do I donwith my life now? Is there a reason for me to go on living?\" \"Of course there is. Listen, what you should do is move somewhere you'venalways wanted to live - \" \"San Francisco. I was born and brought up there,\" interrupted Leonard. \"Fine, fine. Go back there or anywhere, and take up a new hobby, or carrynon with your old ones. Y'know, stuff like fishing, swimming ... you get thenidea.\" Leonard tilted his head to one side as he contemplated the idea. \"A hobby.\" The words sounded strange to him. What had been his hobbies? \"Yes, yes,\" said the psychiatrist, returning to his desk and shiftingnthrough some paperwork, signalling the end of their session. \"Thank you, you've been a lot of help to me.\" \"No problem, it's my job,\" said the psychiatrist, without looking up. Then he heard a gun cock. He looked up, to find himself looking at the endnof an unusually long barrel. A silencer. \"What are you doing?\" he asked, getting panicky. Leonard smiled, which made the psychiatrist even more nervous. \"Starting mynnew hobby.\" He left the psychiatrist slumped over the desk, blood pouring from hisnhead. Leonard thought to himself, \"They're right, therapy really doesnwork.\" ","Summary":" MEMENTO Disclaimer:: I don't own anything of \"Memento\", apart from the videotape. ( A/N: This tak"},{"Movie":"Memento","Title":"Boadicea","Author":"ZeldaDragon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2063387","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I saw the movie a few months ago, and this idea kept gnawing at me until I wrote it. Yet another story to add to my quickly growing 'Carrie-Anne Moss Collection'. My idol! I bow down to you! ...Well...not really...but she's still my favorite actress. Thanks again to Plenilunio, who was very kind (and helpful) in her editing, as always. Disclaimer: I own absolutely nothing. Nothing at all. I'm just doing what the voices told me to do. Set during the scene where Leonard is in bed with Natalie before/when he gets up and looks at the picture in the living room. Natalie's PoV. It is dark. And cold. Very cold. I reach out but my hands meet nothing but cold, empty air. I feel my insides twist sickeningly and instantly grip at my abdomen. My fingers are now met with a sticky warmth. I look down. I can't see. I can't see anything. The space around me is all black. The warmth moves liquidly down my stomach and drips down my thighs. It is liquid. Thick, warm. It continues down my calves, I can feel it between my toes. Now I can also feel it moving sluggishly across my fingers, even up my arms, my neck...my face. Suddenly everything flashes red before my eyes. I can see. I look. Blood. It's blood. Dear God, there's blood all over me! It feels like it is seeping through my very pores, seeping under my skin. There's a metallic taste in my mouth. Blood! I spit, frantically trying to rid myself of the wholly unwanted invasion. This is not my blood...not mine. Then I see him. He's lying prone on a cement floor. His skin is pale, lifeless. No, no. No, no, no. It's his blood. No! He's dead. No! His chest is bare, but I see no wounds, no blood. Only pale, splotchy skin. Dead skin. Dead. He's dead. My life...he's dead. No. No, no, no! He's dead. Dead, dead, de- My eyes open, bringing me to the waking world. I can feel the heat radiating from the person under my torso, and for a fleeting moment think that it really was a dream, that he was back. But no. It's him. Leonard. The man who killed Jimmy, who took him - my only chance for a life beyond the crap I've already made of mine - away from me. Forever. My anger flares. A voice reaches my ears for the first time, though it must have been speaking for a while. Him. Leonard. \"...no idea when she left,\" he is saying to himself. \"I know I can't have her back, but I want to let her go.\" His wife. The woman whose death he is trying to avenge. By killing. Killing Jimmy. \"I don't want to wake up every morning thinking she's still here then realizing she's not.\" I now feel a sudden surge of sympathy, smothering my anger. I know what he's talking about. How I already miss him. Jimmy. \"I want time to pass, but it won't. How can I heal if I can't feel time?\" You can't, I think bitterly. But that gives you no right to kill, to murder , in cold blood. My anger beats back any sympathy still left. How many Jimmys have you killed, Leonard? I want to ask. But I keep my mouth closed. Even if I do say something, though, he'd forget it in five minutes, the freak. I feel him move beneath me and quickly snap my eyes shut again. He slides out of the bed, leaving me cold and alone. Chill bumps rise over my skin at the sudden loss of heat. I hear his footsteps receding down the hall, to the living room. I open my eyes, letting them slowly adjust to the darkness of my room. I can feel the chilled air nipping at the exposed skin of my shoulders and neck, but I reach my hand out anyway, letting my fingers move slowly over the warmth still lingering from Leonard's very alive body, but never letting them actually touch the sheets. This was Jimmy's spot. He liked to sleep there, closest to the door and away from the window. I'd known Jimmy for almost four years. He was a good man, wonderful and caring. He was nice to just about everyone and a good person to have as a friend. Dirty secrets carry dirty prices, though. I accepted his choice of living, right from that movie Blow . My Jimmy was George Jung, making money in dangerous ways that appealed to me. The danger of it all gave me such a rush of excitement, and before I knew it, I had a part in everything. Jimmy was the best thing that ever happened to me. Not only because of the promise of money, but also because of the promise of love...and a way out of this poor, decrepit town. I really did love him, and he me. There were unspoken thoughts of, of all things, marriage. I remember that day so clearly, and I close my eyes to fully recall it. \"Come here,\" Jimmy grabbed my hand, trying to gently pull me from the couch. \"Why?\" I asked, putting up a bit of resistance and smiling almost coyly. He stopped and looked at me, laughter in his eyes. \"You'll like it. Really, Natalie, you will.\" I sighed in mock defeat and let him lead me to the bedroom. Just as he was about to take me through the door, he asked me to close my eyes. I did, playing along. \"Okay,\" he said, \"Come stand here,\" He put his arms around my waist from behind and brought me to face the way we had just come. I could hear a strange whispery rattling, but couldn't place it for the life of me. \"Open,\" Jimmy whispered, placing his chin on my shoulder. The sight I was met with was most definitely not one I was expecting. I raised my eyebrows, a gesture he couldn't see. \"Canaries?\" I asked, studying the birds in the cage hanging from the ceiling. \"You bought me canaries? Why?\" \"I know you like birds.\" He placed a small kiss to the side of my neck. \"And their singing reminded me of your beautiful voice.\" I grinned and turned slightly so I could see him from the corner of my eye. \"Thank you,\" \"You're welcome,\" He turned me fully in his arms. \"Why do you like birds so much, Natalie?\" I loved the way he said my name. \"They can fly.\" I leaned my head back and closed my eyes, envisioning it in my mind. \"If I could fly I would have left here a long time ago.\" I could feel Jimmy watching me. After a moment, he released my waist and reached into a pocket in his jacket, pulling something out. He took my hand and pressed it into my palm, closing my fingers to block it from view. \"Will you leave with me?\" he asked softly, \"Will you let me take you away from all of this? We can start a new life together.\" My eyebrows furrowed as I took in what he said. Breaking the eye contact for a moment, I opened my hand. There on my palm is a thin silver ring. No diamonds or stones, just a beautiful silver band. I gasped slightly, more a small intake of breath. I looked back up at him, words not forming in my mouth. \"Think about it.\" He smiled at me and pressed a light kiss to my temple. \"I'll be back in a while,\" I swallowed, bringing my mind under control. \"Where are you going?\" \"Someone rear-ended my car this morning; I've got to take it to be looked at.\" I nodded, watching as he smoothed his jacket in the mirror. \"I'll see you for lunch.\" He turned to leave, walking out the door of my room. Quickly making up my mind, I followed him. \"Jimmy,\" I called. He stops and glances back. \"Yes.\" I slid the band onto my ring finger. It fit perfectly. \"I'll leave with you, live with you, whatever you'd like.\" He smiled widely at me, knowing full well the implication I just made. \"I'll see you later.\" It was the next week that he asked me to set up the fateful meeting with Teddy. I didn't want to do it. Neither of us really knew the guy; it wasn't safe. He convinced me, even though all my senses were screaming at me not to. I offered to go with him, keep him company while he waited. He said he appreciated the offer, really he did, but he'd like to do it alone. It was safer that way. Yeah, much safer. The one time I didn't listen to that woman's intuition in my gut was the one time I really needed to. What a fool I am, to think something so good would actually last for me. I've never had good luck with anything in my life...why should Jimmy be any different? I resist the urge to go right into my living room and smack Leonard for everything he has done to me. Smack him hard, hard enough to see blood and leave a mark. I would kill him, but murder isn't my forte. That's one reason messing with him is going to be so fun. I can't kill him, but I can make his life as bad as mine. One of the nicknames Jimmy had for me was his 'conniving little vixen.' I liked that one. It fits me well, I'd say. A noise in the hall brings me back to the present. Leonard's back from doing whatever he was doing. I close my eyes again as he comes back to the bed and crawls in. Putting on the angelic air I know gives him false comfort, I scoot closer to his warm body, leaning my head on his shoulder and putting an arm across his bare chest. I'm gonna use him. I'm gonna use him good. Don't worry, Jimmy, your vixen is at it again...this time for you. Always for you. ","Summary":" I saw the movie a few months ago, and this idea kept gnawing at me until I wrote it. Yet another st"},{"Movie":"Memento","Title":"To Heal","Author":"ThePreciousHeart","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13094040","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Trust yourself. Trust your own judgement. You can question everything, you can never know anything for sure.\" \"There are things you know for sure.\" She's never seen him like this before. Not that she's intimately acquainted with him- they only met yesterday, after all. And his memory resets don't make it easy for her to get close to him. But yesterday, when he'd explained his condition to her, he'd been so matter-of-fact, to the point of resignation. Nothing like the frustration he's displaying now. She's seen him lose his temper, been close enough to bear the scars of his attack. But he hadn't been agitated like this- worked up, definitely, but not vulnerable. \"Such as?\" she murmurs, to keep him talking. He responds without looking at her. \"I know what that's gonna sound like when I knock on it.\" His hand raps the table next to the armchair, demonstrating his point. \"I know what that's gonna feel like when I pick it up.\" He reaches for the glass coaster on top of the table, lifting it with careless ease. Natalie can't tell if the expression on his face is one of disgust that she's even asking, or discouragement that these are the only things he has to rely on. \"See? Certainties. It's the kind of memory you take for granted.\" She senses that if he'd told her this yesterday at the bar, he would have spoken calmly, without emotion. But now his walls are down. He reminds her of a tiger she saw once at a zoo, trapped in an enclosure too small for it, doomed to pace back and forth while screaming children eye it from behind glass. Just like that tiger, Leonard is stuck in an environment from which he can never escape, and yet he longs to transcend his boundaries. \"You know, I can remember so much.\" He jabs meaninglessly at the air, his voice taking on a plaintive tone. His eyes shut, as if trying to summon his memories from the depths of his damaged brain. \"The feel of the world… and her…\" His voice seems to tremble at the mention of his wife. Natalie stays quiet, the chink in his emotional control drawing her in. He's breathing hard, and it takes him a few moments to collect himself before continuing. \"She's gone.\" Self-loathing saturates his voice as he comes to grips with his existence. \"And the present is trivia, which I scribble down as fuckin' notes .\" At that, Natalie can't just observe anymore. She's seen the way Leonard operates, the stack of Polaroids he keeps in his shirt pocket and his thick file folder full of clues. It's something she's taken for granted- of course the amnesiac has a method of survival. Of course he's given himself a purpose. She hasn't realized just how much Leonard hates having to saddle himself with these crutches. Despite everything Leonard's done, her misgiving and fear of him staying under her roof, she's compelled to remind him of how he's managed to survive. \"Hey. It's not all bad.\" She reaches forward to place her hand on his knee, but he flinches under her touch. His blue eyes settle on hers, the corners of his mouth twitching as if he wants to say something, but can't afford to break concentration. \"You have purpose. You have meaning.\" She spreads her hands wide, indicating the world. \"You're going to get the guy who killed your wife. Isn't that right?\" From the way he stares at her, she knows he wants to believe her, but he shakes his head. \"But what kind of a purpose is that?\" He releases a strangled laugh, his lips twisted in a half-smile, half-grimace. \"All I can do to keep her memory alive is hunt down the person responsible for ending it. And when I find him, then what?\" He reaches up to massage his temples, his eyes fluttering shut once more. \"My motivation for- for living is the idea that when it happens, I'll remember it.\" \"You'll take a photo.\" Natalie's voice grows stronger, and she starts to get to her feet. \"You'll write it down, you'll know-\" Leonard halts her motion by dropping his hands, though his eyes are still closed and he can't see her. \"That's the thing, Natalie. I don't… I won't know. I'll have the photo, sure. Some mangled fucker lying with his brains blown out, as a… a lasting memento.\" His eyes snap open, and he leans forward with an intense, tight smile, though his face holds no joy of which to speak. \"But… I won't know. I won't have confirmation from myself that it happened . I can look at the photo, read the tattoo, but I'll still wake up every day wondering where she is, and why she's not coming back.\" Natalie half-expects Leonard to shout these last words, but instead, his statement trails to a wistful end. His brow furrows as a dark shadow crosses his face, a sorrowful mixture of pain and hatred. Looking away from Natalie, he continues in a softer voice. \"It must be… so hard to live like this. Having to re-learn, every single day, that she's gone.\" Leonard takes a deep breath. His tone is light, almost sing-song in a way, as if he's trying to puzzle out his feelings and the purpose for them. \"But, it doesn't feel like it's hard, you know? It feels like… like the first time. But I don't even know how long it's been.\" His voice breaks slightly at the end of the sentence, but he continues to resolutely stare into the distance, without meeting Natalie's eyes. \"And… what's really strange is, I want to forget her.\" Leonard tries for a laugh again, but it comes out choked, humorless. \"Because I know… if I do, I'll move on.\" He bites the inside of his cheek and clears his throat, waiting before speaking again. Natalie doesn't move. \"And yet, I can't afford to… to lose her again. She's all I have left. If I forget her, she'll disappear, and… I can't let that happen. I don't want her to disappear- I just want-\" \"You want to heal. \" Natalie stands up, the shattered shards of her heart giving a painful thud. She understands, of course- Jimmy's death is still achingly fresh. Leonard takes a shuddering breath, attempting to pull himself together. But when he speaks, his voice shakes. \"Yeah. Of course I do. If I could just… know for sure that time will pass… But it won't. Not for me. So… how can I heal?\" His words fade into an anguished, embarrassed whimper. \"How am I supposed to heal if I can't… feel time?\" Wordlessly Natalie approaches Leonard. She hesitates a moment before touching him, remembering how he had flinched before. But as soon as her hands slide across his shoulders, Leonard comes to life. He moves instinctually, reaching out to pull her close. His arms wrap around her waist, his head settling in her stomach. His strong fingers curl over her spine, as if trying to absorb her human heat. Natalie gently strokes the back of Leonard's neck, allowing herself to wind her fingers through his soft hair. Leonard's only reaction is to tighten his grip. Was this how he held his wife once upon a time, or how she held him, assuring him that he would be okay? It's hard to imagine that the Leonard Shelby of before could ever need such comfort. In fact, it's hard to imagine anything about him. This fractured persona of Leonard's, the clueless, murderous amnesiac, is all that remains, as if his personality has been filtered through a sieve. He's so vulnerable, here in Natalie's arms. Entirely at her mercy. She could do whatever she likes… But before Natalie can seriously ponder that train of thought, Leonard pulls away, rubbing his eyes. His face is red, and he doesn't look up at Natalie. She folds her arms across her chest. \"You okay?\" she says quietly. Leonard shrugs, refusing to make eye contact. \"Anything I can do?\" Leonard shakes his head, standing up. \"I'd like to take a shower.\" His voice is rough, but subdued. \"Bathroom's over there.\" Natalie points to it, speaking gently, as if coaxing a feral animal. \"I'll make us something to eat in the meantime.\" He shakes his head. \"I don't know if I've already eaten- I can't just-\" Oh, god, everything comes back to that condition of his. Trying not to overwhelm Leonard, Natalie cuts in, keeping her voice soft. \"Well, I'll make something and if you get hungry, I'm happy to share.\" He nods and departs to the bathroom, and Natalie heads over to the kitchen, sighing to herself. Thank god she'd been saving the shake-and-bake pork chops for a special occasion. Cooking has never been her forte- Jimmy always took care of that… At the thought of Jimmy, a shiver runs through Natalie. She presses her hand to her heart, closing her eyes. Jimmy. He's gone. He's never coming back… Reality intrudes on her and crashes around her ears. What the hell does she think she's doing, housing and talking with and comforting the man who killed the love of her life? The water system rattles, and Natalie opens her eyes, stealing a glance at the bathroom. At least Leonard has no clue what's going on. At least he can go ahead and kill any random guy and he'll have to be satisfied. But Natalie knows exactly who nabbed Jimmy, has known it ever since he walked into the bar in that beige suit that she'd always admired. And for a moment, that knowledge is too much for her to bear. Her mind begins to flash wildly, considering her options. When she'd psyched Leonard up yesterday to get him to go after Dodd, he's acknowledged that love was a valid motive for murder. Surely he'll forgive her if she tries to pull it on him. She wonders briefly if he's got a gun, but that thought is quickly abandoned. Too loud, and too messy- she'd never get the stains out of the carpet. Maybe she could crush some of her sleeping pills into his meal… but that would take too long, and Leonard would notice straightaway. Natalie pulls up a chair at the kitchen table to think, and then it hits her. Maybe she can do nothing. After all, Leonard Shelby is only here to take the fall. He had had no quarrel with Jimmy Grantz. Jimmy may have committed a number of nefarious deeds during his life, but he'd have never raped anyone. Not when he had Natalie. And he had always freely recounted his crimes, sometimes over a drink on the couch, sometimes in the bedroom as he undressed her, always with a smirk and in guttural tones that made her moan. She would know if he'd murdered this man's wife. Leonard Shelby is nothing more than a victim. And it doesn't take a second to realize who's pulling his strings. When Natalie realizes it, she wants to laugh. Of course. Teddy, the man who'd come into the bar looking for her to arrange a meeting with Jimmy. The man Jimmy had gone to meet yesterday, a meeting from which he had never returned. It had to be Teddy who'd set Jimmy up. Of course he wouldn't do his own dirty work. And who better to do it than a man who can't remember his actions? By the time the pork chops are in the oven, a plan has formulated in Natalie's mind. She's so lost in it that she doesn't hear the bathroom door open, and when Leonard's voice sounds from behind her she jumps. \"Excuse me?\" Natalie turns to see Leonard standing in the doorway, dripping wet, his head poking out from behind the door. When he sees her face he aims for a faint grin, but Natalie can see it in his eyes- he doesn't recognize her. A chill runs through her body. \"Leonard.\" She approaches him, forcing herself to speak slowly for him to comprehend more easily. \"I'm Natalie. You're staying at my house. I'm here to help you.\" There's a pause as this computes in his head, and then he slowly swings the door open, revealing his half-naked body. He's wearing nothing but a towel wrapped around his waist. His muscles are well-defined, easy to admire, but Natalie fixates instead on his tattoos. His body is covered in them, some facing towards her, some written backwards, a few specific ones only legible from Leonard's perspective. \"You wouldn't happen to have a fresh change of clothing?\" he says, and Natalie swallows, gaining control of herself. She tears her eyes away from Leonard's body and meets his gaze with an air of disinterest, pretending that the tattoos are old news. \"Stay here. I'll fetch some for you.\" She walks away to the bedroom, trying not to think about Jimmy, how Leonard is stealing from him after his death. Hopefully Leonard will find his photographs in her absence and consult them to bring himself up to speed. As Natalie rifles through the dresser, her mind is made up. Leonard doesn't deserve to bear the blame of actions he doesn't know he's committed. And he's far too unpredictable to remain a hired gun, as much as she might need the protection. But she can at least use him for one last scheme, something to make the both of them happy. Leonard might not get his revenge just yet, but Natalie knows she is about to get hers. ","Summary":" \"Trust yourself. Trust your own judgement. You can question everything, you can never know anythin"},{"Movie":"Memento","Title":"The Flip Side","Author":"spidermonkey1918","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8743655","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hope you enjoy! \"Do you recognise this woman Mr Shelby?\" Lenny stared at the bubbly young brunette and frowned. She did look familiar. Where had he seen her before? \"She looks familiar. I can't quite place her, though.\" \"What is the last thing you remember before waking up in this hospital room?\" \"I was at a bar, celebrating my new job with some friends. I think that's where I recognise that woman from. Yeah, that's right, she's a friend of a friend. We were introduced that night. Did something happen to her?\" \"She was involved in the same accident as you, but unfortunately after she was raped, she was murdered.\" A sort of electric jolt shot through Lenny at the mention of the word 'murder.' How had he been involved in a rape and murder? \"Mr Shelby, I'd like to introduce you to Dr Lewis. He works with patients such as yourself and will help you adjust to your new condition.\" Dr Lewis was a tall, tired looking man. He carried with him several photo albums and a newspaper. \"Mr Shelby, I'm going to show you a few photos and this newspaper. Often we find that patients who suffer memory loss have a difficult time believing the truth. Firstly, I would like to establish just how far back your amnesia extends.\" Dr Lewis handed Lenny a photograph. He recognised that to be the night he met the brunette. He was standing next to an old college friend, and next to her was the woman who was murdered. \"I remember this. That was the night I was at the bar with my friends celebrating. I had only just met that woman before the photo was taken.\" The doctor noted something on his clipboard and handed Lenny another photo. \"I don't remember this. It looks like a place I used to go when I was younger. I don't understand why this woman is with me. Did I know her?\" \"Mr Shelby, there's no easy way to say this: the woman that was murdered two nights ago was your wife.\" \"Wife?!\" Dr Lewis gave him a look of pity and smiled gently. \"I'm going to come back tomorrow to continue this, it is important to do things gradually with amnesia. If you want, you can look at the rest of this photo album. Be aware that it will be confusing and frustrating for you. There is always the chance that your memories will come back, though.\" As Lenny flipped through the album, which seemed to be telling his future, rather than his past, he remembered the first moment he woke up after the accident. Leonard's eyes opened as he became aware of the splitting headache he was sporting. Looking around, he realised he was in a hospital room. Having no idea why or how he got there, he sat up slowly. In fact, he couldn't remember much at all about what he had been doing. A tall man wearing a white coat entered the room, scanning through a file as he came. \" Ah, you're awake. My name is Dr Shaw. How are you feeling?\" \" Like I've been run over by a friggen' truck. Why...why exactly am I here?\" \" Can you tell me your name?\" \" Leonard Shelby.\" \" And what is the last thing you remember Mr Shelby?\" \" Well, I...I was at a bar, with some friends. Was I in an accident?\" The doctor looked at him concerned, but unsurprised. \" Yes, you were in an accident of sorts. Mr Shelby, what month and year is it?\" \" July, 1991. Is there something wrong?\" After two weeks of observation and 'memory therapy' with Dr Lewis, Lenny was informed that he would be allowed to go home. The problem was, he didn't know where 'home' was these days. After voicing his concern, he was told that a district nurse would be taking him home and checking in on him. They pulled up to a neat, white house with a wide porch. Lenny looked around at the place he now called 'home.' Nothing seemed recognizable, and yet he could see himself living comfortably in this modest home. Inside, he recognized several of his possessions – awards he had won in college, pictures of his parents. In the corner of the living room sat a huge wooden bookcase, the bottom shelf full of photo albums. One of them read 'Our Wedding.' Sinking into a nearby armchair, Lenny braced himself. He knew from working with Dr Lewis that it could be frustrating and even upsetting looking at these photos – it was like you were forcing yourself to remember events that you didn't even know had happened. As he flipped through the pages, he started to recognise the park in which they were taken. This was one of his favourite places to go running in the mornings. Or at least, it was. Nothing else seemed to be clear, however, so he sat the album on a coffee table and ventured further into the house. The bedroom was small but comfortable. There were still clothes scattered about the room and the bed was unmade. The bathroom door was shut and sealed; it was apparent that nobody was to be allowed in there. Lenny remembered the police telling him that the murder took place in there, as did his accident. Another jolt soared through him at this thought. Dying to get out of the clothes he was wearing, he went to the closet to find some clean clothes. He noticed that half of the closet belonged to his wife. The smell of the clothes seemed familiar to him. Lenny became inspired: he was going to find out who his unknown wife was and why she was no longer here. Looking around the bedroom again, a tattered, dog-eared book resting on a bedside table caught his eye. Lenny picked it up and his breath caught. Out of nowhere, almost like a vision, a memory came flooding back. His wife was sitting up in bed, the tattered old book in her hand. Lenny stood at the closet, pulling out a shirt to go to work. \" Are you still reading that stupid book?\" \" It's not stupid, I love it. I could read it again and again.\" \" I know you could. Alright, I have to go. Put that book down and do something.\" \" Mhmm. Later.\" Lenny rolled his eyes as he kissed the top of her head. As suddenly as it had come, the vision-like sensation was gone. Encouraged by this sudden discovery, Lenny searched the rest of the house. He came across the answering machine on the kitchen bench. The screen showed there was one new message. Excited and nervous, Lenny hit 'play.' \" Hi, honey. Just letting you know I'll bring home some Chinese take-out tonight, I don't feel like cooking. Love you.\" With tears in his eyes, Lenny wondered how he could have forgotten her voice. After hearing the message, he felt as though he had known her forever and that she could have walked through the front door at any moment. Memories came flooding back; the sound of her laugh, the touch of her skin. Lenny didn't expect that so much would come back at once, but Dr Lewis had explained that for some people, it was like listening to the beginning of a familiar song – once the lyrics begin, you can recall the whole thing. Feeling brave, Lenny decided that perhaps he would be able to have a look at the scene of the crime: the bathroom. After much effort, the door was pried open and Lenny stood in the doorway. The shower curtain lay torn and crumpled on the blood-stained floor. The mirror on the wall was smashed into a million pieces, all which scattered the floor and sink. Lenny half expected a horrible memory to come rushing back to him, but there was nothing. It was like watching a murder scene off a TV show – it meant nothing to him. Perhaps this was a good thing, he thought. This way, the memories he had of his wife won't be tainted by her vicious murder. Some memories are best forgotten. Something stirred inside him. How could anyone kill someone so beautiful? It wasn't right. She deserved justice. She was going to get it. With the picture of his bathroom in his mind and a photo of his wife tucked inside his coat, Lenny sped down the highway, repeating one name over and over in his mind. Lenny pulled up to the police station, determined to get some answers. He asked for the detective who was supposed to be solving his wife's murder and was led to a desk piled high with papers. \" Mr Shelby, I'm glad you're here. I have something for you.\"Lenny was handed a plastic bag with a diamond ring in it. He recognised his grandmother's ring and knew this now belonged to his wife. Feeling empowered, he looked straight into the detective's eyes. \" I was wondering how the case was going. Do you have any suspects?\" \" Well, usually I wouldn't be at liberty to tell you any details regarding the case, but this has been particularly traumatic for you. We have a prime suspect, yes. We have his name, but we have yet to locate him. Is there anything else?\" \" Tell me his name.\" \" Mr Shelby, I don't think I can do that.\"Lenny balled his fists but remained calm. \" Please. This person killed my wife.\" The detective looked at him thoughtfully before answering. \" John Granger.\" Without another word, Lenny stood up and left the office, leaving the detective open mouthed and staring after him. The familiar jolt of electricity sizzled throughout his body. \"Watch out, Granger. I'm coming.\" ","Summary":" Hope you enjoy! \"Do you recognise this woman Mr Shelby?\" Lenny stared at the bubbly young brunett"},{"Movie":"Memento","Title":"Certainties","Author":"AMKelley","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9370040","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 'Now, where was I?' You think. You see Teddy curled up on the ground, bleeding from his nose. 'Oh, right.' \"Lenny! I've already told you,\" Teddy spews out in a rush of air. His nose is bleeding from where you hit him. \"I'm not your guy! I wouldn't lie to you!\" \"Wouldn't you?\" You question. Rummaging through Jimmy Grantz pocket, which is now your's, you pull out Teddy's picture. You throw it at the ground were Teddy lays vulnerable. He picks it up and turns it around. «DON'T BELIEVE HIS LIES» «HE'S THE ONE» «KILL HIM» He eyes it for a minute. They widen slightly. You smirk. \"Lenny,\" he says. And you slap him across the face. \"Leonard,\" he corrects, \"I've told you before. John G. is already dead!\" \"Prove it.\" \"I can't! You burn every bit of evidence I give you,\" he looks at the back of the picture again. \"You probably wrote this right after I told you the truth! About John G. Your wife. Everything!\" Your breathing is shallow and your pulse is pounding in your ears. You eye the gun on the ground next to Teddy. He could pick it up and end your life if he really tried. But oddly, his doesn't. He just lays on the ground, at your mercy. At your judgement. \"You don't remember because you lie to yourself, Leonard. Your memories-\" \"Memories are unreliable,\" you cut off. \"Because you tell yourself that!\" \"You don't need memories when you have instinct.\" \"Oh, this again? Listen to yourself!\" \"Memory can change the shape of a room; it can change the color of a car. And memories can be distorted. They're just an interpretation, they're not a record, and they're irrelevant if you have the facts.\" \"The fact IS, Leonard, that you lie to yourself.\" You're angry now. Who knows? You might have every right to be. He doesn't say anything, because he doesn't know what to say. You're about to kill him and he knows it. \"Facts can be distorted too, Lenny,\" he pants out, but you block it out. You don't listen, because to you it's another lie. \"There are things you know for sure,\" you say firmly. \"I know what that's going to sound like when I knock on it. I know what that's going to feel like when I pick it up.\" You bend over and pick the gun up from the ground. \"See?\" You say. \"Certainties. It's the kind of memory you take for granted.\" You cock the gun and hit Teddy with it. His glasses fall off and now he's facing away from you. You point the gun to the back of his head. In a split second, your mind goes blank. As if this memory is about to fade into a new one. One you won't remember. You won't remember why you're pointing this gun at this man's head. You have a decision to make. \"Lenny!\" And the gun goes off. You don't even realize it for a second. You're still holding the trigger down. You're grip on the gun is tight and sweaty, you've almost forgotten what just happened and you look to Teddy's motionless body. He's dead. You killed him. You've killed John G. and whether he's the right one or not doesn't matter. But he's dead. That's all that matters. You think about writing this down, taking a picture, something. But you have faith in yourself. You'll remember. Won't you? You get inside Jimmy's car and turn on the ignition. Sitting idly, you contemplate about your decision while it's still fresh in your mind. If you don't write this down, it'll be like it never happened and Teddy would be right. You'd be lying to yourself. You won't remember and you'll hunt down another John G. It's a never ending puzzle. You pull out of the dirt lot at the abandoned building and make your way into town. Driving down the street you think if you can actually lie to yourself again, since you have before supposedly, but it's too late. The memory is already going and you shut your eyes. You see your wife. There's a redlight and oncoming traffic. You hear tires screech and car horns in a far off place, but you don't believe it because it doesn't matter. It doesn't exist. Your wife smiles and you wake up for the first time. ","Summary":" 'Now, where was I?' You think. You see Teddy curled up on the ground, bleeding from his nose. 'Oh, "},{"Movie":"Memento","Title":"Memento","Author":"Batfleck","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12393015","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello everyone ","Summary":" Hello everyone"},{"Movie":"Memento","Title":"Memory Man","Author":"ThePreciousHeart","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12032893","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I placed the call, of course. It's important to take the upper hand when dealing with a guy like him. Assert your dominance, you know. Told him to wait for me at the café just around the corner- a nice place, one where he'll feel comfortable talking to me. Comfort's a big deal for both of us, whether he knows it or not. I'd parked myself pretty close to the café- not close enough to look suspicious, but just close enough so it won't take forever for me to get there. Don't want him forgetting why he's come while I'm still driving and possibly running away- although I figure he's written himself a note about it. He better have, anyway. I can't wrap my mind around what it must be like to function using those little scraps of paper alone. As I'm driving, the usual thought comes into my head- why the hell do you keep coming back? And at the moment, I have no way to answer that. I pull up to the curb and there he is, all fresh-faced and well-groomed like usual. I don't want to think about how long it takes to get him looking that great in the morning. It's hard enough for me even without the memory issues. He's got this real pensive look on his face, probably wondering where I am or maybe who he's waiting for. Pen behind the ear, paper in hand, and bleached blond hair- he proved remarkably resistant when I tried to convince him to dye it again. It's actually surprising how stubborn a sap like him can be. Maybe his wife preferred it that way or something. I just wish his sentimentality didn't put us at such a risk, but, well, what can ya do. His eyes land on me as I get out of the car, staring at me as if he's never seen me before in my life. It's kind of unsettling when you think about it. I hold out my hand as I approach. \"Mr. Shelby.\" Sometimes it's better to lead with a formal address, or else he can guess that we've met before. \"Officer Gammell?\" he says, stuffing the piece of paper he'd been studying into his pocket. Looks like I was right- he did write himself a note. I put on this big, cheery smile and we shake. \"You remember me.\" I know he doesn't, but it's best not to act like I know too much. Keeps him off-guard. Sure enough, he shakes his head regretfully. So polite. \"I'm afraid not. You… you do know about my condition?\" \"Yeah, sure. Your memory, right?\" He nods, and then informs me very straightforwardly, \"It's not amnesia. I can't make new memories. I remember everything about my past, but… I can't remember how I got here, or what I did this morning. Everything just… fades. Fifteen minutes from now, I won't remember who you are or how this conversation began.\" I pat his shoulder. He's not really receptive to touch, usually, but again, I have to play my role as the blundering cop. He doesn't know how well I've come to read him. \"Well, let's not waste your fifteen minutes on any explanations.\" As long as I don't have to hear about Sammy fucking Jankis again. We enter the café and take a seat at a table near the end. It's half-past noon, and I know that shitty motel he's laid up in doesn't have much in the way of food services, so I make sure he orders himself something edible. Gotta keep an eye on him sometimes. Playing the mother hen can be exhausting, but killing isn't done well on an empty stomach. After the waitress swings by, I take out my files and push them over to him. Asserting my dominance again. It's essential when working with a loose cannon. \"Here's the information you asked for, Mr. Shelby.\" \"Just call me Leonard,\" he says, and even offers me a half-hearted smile. I know, however, that his attention is focused entirely on the files. \"All right, Lenny.\" Lenny. Maybe it's not nice to mess around with a freak like him, but I still get a kick out of it. Gets a rise out of him every time. Sure as hell, he grimaces right away. \"No, Leonard. My wife called me Lenny… I hated it.\" \"Leonard. Okay.\" Gotta wonder what kind of a person his wife was, anyway. He doesn't really talk about her in that way, and autopsy reports generally don't reveal personalities. Just plain, hard facts. Soon his head is buried in the files I handed him, so deep that he doesn't even notice when the waitress brings us our drinks, or when I give her a little wink. She's pretty- too bad we won't be staying in this town for very long. Not long enough to get some action, anyway. I stay quiet and let Leonard read the files, until he jerks his head up suddenly, like he's stumbled across some vital information. Or like his brain's reset itself again. \"Something wrong, memory man?\" Even after spending so much time with him, that blank look in his eye always gets me. It's spooky, like a new person has just taken over his body. Definitely a reset, then. There's that mild-mannered politeness in his voice again, but I can still see him concealing his alarm. \"I'm sorry, I… don't believe I know…\" \"It's okay, Lenny.\" Who the hell wants to go by Leonard anyway? \"I'm with the police. I'm here to help you find your wife's killer.\" I spy a trace of doubt in his eyes, but it's wiped out once he glances at that tattoo on his hand. Remember Sammy Jankis. The first of many. I've never been there to see him get one, but I'm familiar with the aftermath. \"Sorry.\" He gives me that half-hearted smile again, and then reaches for his camera. \"Must have lost my train of thought. Have I… taken your picture yet?\" \"Nope.\" This is the part I always hate. All those photos he takes of me, and I never look good in a single one of them. The flash goes off, and he goes through the motions I've seen a million times, taking the photo out and methodically flapping it in the air. It must be that muscle memory the doctors talk about, because he does it every time, like he's been taking Polaroids for his whole life. \"You can put me down as Bruce.\" Now this is the risky part- having to avoid the questions. If only he knew just how safe it is for me to use a fake name. Not only in case that Polaroid falls into the wrong hands, but also because he'd probably have half a mind to incriminate me if he knew my birth name. I'd laugh about it myself, but I've seen him kill before, and there's no way I'd ever wish to be on the receiving end of it. At least I get to have a little fun, sticking new monikers to the same persona over and over again. He looks at me. \" Officer Bruce?\" \"Nope,\" I say, shaking my head. \"Actually I'm undercover. Technically I'm not supposed to be giving you this information, but when I heard your story I just had to help you out. You can keep a secret, can't you, Lenny?\" He contemplates this, and then laughs shortly. \"I don't have much of a choice, do I?\" He gestures ruefully to his head, and I chuckle along, while relief fills me. Thank god I'm off the hook this time- it's not every day he takes it so easily. \"Did I tell you how my wife called me Lenny?\" \"No.\" I fight the snicker from escaping me, the grin from stretching across my face. Only the first hundred times. \"I hated it.\" He nonchalantly takes the pen from behind his ear, uncaps it, and captions my newly-developed picture. \"Pleased to meet you, Bruce.\" In no time at all he's gone back to the files. Because I don't want him to just sit there reading the same paragraph over and over- look, I might not treat the guy right all the time, but I do have a heart- I decide to summarize for him. \"We've uncovered evidence that supports your theory. There was a second guy who attacked you- the guy who killed your wife.\" \"I always thought so,\" he breathes, and it's kind of satisfying, in a way, to see his opinion validated like that. Even though the so-called \"evidence\" is complete BS. At least he likes to believe it. \"There are some pages missing in my files... Did you manage to recover any of them?\" I shake my head. He's probably torn them out himself, burned them along with all those old Polaroids. And all that junk of his wife's, though I know for a fact he's still hauling around a bunch of it. \"'Fraid not. But I think we've got a real lead here. There's a guy in this town by the name of Johnny Gibson. He's involved in a lot of petty crime…\" At the very sound of the guy's name, he comes alight, sitting up straighter in his seat. He's got this look of hungry intensity to his face, the look I generally only see on him when he's getting ready to kill someone, or when he's basking in the afterglow of revenge. Basically he only wears this expression when the asshole we're looking for is mentioned- no matter who the guy actually is. \"John G,\" he says, and I swear, in his voice the name's a goddamn curse. He says it like normal people talk about disease, like just speaking the name will infect him. The waitress comes back and hands us our meals, but once again Leonard's not paying much attention. He stares not at his plate, but at the files before him. \"Is there enough evidence to convict him?\" \"We can't prove anything yet.\" This at least is partially true. I could always conduct the investigation on my own time and only call Leonard in at the crucial moment, but like I've said- I know him. I know he likes the chase, just as much as a dog likes to chase squirrels. He might not always know why he's helping me, and it can be risky to show his face at times, but he enjoys it so much I can't very well leave him in the backseat. \"But that's what I'm here for. To help you find him.\" I smile. \"And you can even help me out too. We'll get this guy, Leonard- I promise.\" He smiles back at me, and it's not so half-hearted as before, but there's still… something off about it. Something hollow and cheap, like a paper lantern bought as a party decoration that can only be lit once before the wick burns out and it's useless. I wonder how long it is until he resets again. I pick up the sandwich I've ordered and take a bite. He looks down at the meatloaf in front of him, and for a moment I think he's actually going to eat in my presence, but he just pokes at it a bit with his fork before glancing through the files again. No wonder he's so good at enacting his little revenge fantasy- he's got the most severe one-track mind I have ever seen. So I have to ask myself again, why do you keep coming back? Why do I keep saddling myself with this flipped-out freak who can't even get up in the morning without having to refer to his little notes? What are we doing out here in one shithole town after another, putting dents in their crime waves and then fleeing before we can be traced? The answer's easy now. Because unlike Leonard, I remember the day that we found his wife lying dead on the sofa in her own home. I remember the pathetic way he clung to her and wept, how many times he asked over and over where she was and what was going on as I drove him off to the station. And I remember the joy on his face when he pointed to the place on his chest where he wanted his next tattoo to go, his eyes wide and crazed from the adrenaline rush. He could have drawn that tattoo onto himself using the blood that stained his hands. I have to remember, because I snapped a picture of that moment, using his own camera no less. Still got it too- one of the few photos that escaped the flames that time around. Leonard's not as tough a guy as he likes to think he is. Truth is, he can't get around without my help. And I can't stand seeing him all mopey and depressed like he was the day I met him, and every day after when he was in the psychiatric hospital. So if it makes him happy, and helps me get my job done, how can I possibly turn him down? Across the table, I watch as he reaches into his pocket and takes out the jumble of Polaroids that he constantly keeps with him. There shouldn't be many of them yet- just his car, the run-down motel, and my own mug. He shuffles through them in quick precision, stopping on the one of me. Just as I suspected- he's reset again. \"Bruce?\" He looks up at me, and that's when I know I've outstayed my welcome. These chats of ours have to be brief- I hate having to go through the introductions all over again. I smile and nod, hopefully the picture of trustworthiness. He looks like he believes me, but then again, he could be faking it. Just like he tries to fake recognition, not knowing how easily I see through it. \"C'mon, Leonard.\" I stand up and search for the waitress. If he's not going to eat now, I'm certainly not going to force him. Hopefully he'll have the sense to get something once he's hungry. \"Our work here is done.\" But I know, on the contrary, that our work here is only just beginning. ","Summary":" I placed the call, of course. It's important to take the upper hand when dealing with a guy like hi"},{"Movie":"Memento","Title":"Playing Detective","Author":"BewareTheBandersnatch","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6276959","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \" Cheer up. There are plenty of John G.'s for us to find.\" Of course he doesn't know how he got there, or what he just did, but he knows who he is and what he has to do. He has to find him. The bastard who killed his wife and gave him this condition. John G. Buried in the recesses of his mind, he almost has a sense of completion, like John G. is already gone. But that can't be right. It isn't right. He would know. He would remember that. Right? How would he not remember? He would feel some sense of victory, of fulfillment. Maybe it would even bring cure him. It's something to hope for, at least. So he ignores that little feeling. And he keeps searching. Teddy was right. There would always be another John G. And that's the way Leonard likes it. I love Christopher Nolan. Simply put he makes awesome movies. I just saw this movie recently and I was pretty blown away by the intricacy of the whole story, and Leonard's character. I've been wanting to write an Inception fic (another masterpiece by Christopher N) except I have no idea what I 'd write. Let's just say it's a work-in-progress. Reviews are like chocolate. No.. wait chocolate is better but reviews are still awesome. You know what to do! ","Summary":" \" Cheer up. There are plenty of John G.'s for us to find.\" Of course he doesn't know how he got t"},{"Movie":"Memento","Title":"Poems of Memory and Regret","Author":"the Mirage Prismatic","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6032929","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Something I wrote for Film History Class awhile back. A series of poems for Leonard, Natalie and Sammy plus a reflective piece. Poems for Memento Leonard confused and lost aimlessly wandering like a lost child. If only he had been awake that night. If only Leonard had been awake that night. He wouldn't be like a lost child He wouldn't be wandering aimlessly He wouldn't be lost or confused. He would still have his wife. Natalie devastated and bitter wickedly cunning like a malevolent black cat If only she had stopped Jimmy that day. Always wickedly cunning Natalie should have known. She should have stopped him. She shouldn't have trusted that guy called Teddy. She shouldn't be bitter or devastated. Leonard shouldn't be here. Sammy empty and automatic stumbling blindly like a sightless bird If only his wife had adjusted better He became automatic and empty New memories weren't his to have Like a bird without sight he stumbled blindly His wife, she couldn't cope. And both she and Sammy paid the price. ~~*~~Reflective Paragraphs~~*~~ In writing my poetic pieces for Memento, I choose to focus on the characters Natalie, Leonard and Sammy. In the film, there were regrets. They were not very often expressed but they were there and I wanted to express their feelings of bitterness and hate towards themselves. Leonard's pieces are focused on his condition and the night his home was broken into and his wife attacked. He is wandering the world without a memory, just getting by with his notes, tattoos and pictures. But even though he can no longer remember anything, he can still regret the night his wife died. When unpleasant things happen, a person's mind is filled with 'If only's and 'what ifs'. They regret what happened and wish it had turned out differently. They wonder what could have happened. To pair with Leonard's regrets, I also wrote Natalie's poems. I wasn't too sure of what kind of relationship she had had with Jimmy so I decided to assume it was a good one between them. I believe that once she realized what had happened to Jimmy, she would regret not doing anything to prevent it. They had no reason to trust Teddy but Jimmy went to the mill anyway. If she had such good instincts, why didn't she say anything? I also believe she would have resented Leonard for being the source of her confusion. I arranged the poems like steps. Events are important stepping stones in a person's life. Living with the burden and pain of regret allows them to grow. Regrets encourage them remember what had transpired before and helps them strive to be a better person. Even Leonard, lacking in a memory as he is, must regret to take these steps and move forward. A set of stairs represents the challenges the characters must overcome. Each obstacle in your life is another stair to the top wherever it may lead. ","Summary":" Something I wrote for Film History Class awhile back. A series of poems for Leonard, Natalie and Sa"},{"Movie":"Memento","Title":"Blood and Ink","Author":"Evil Hunter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/873476","Passage":"[Chapter 1] -bullshitting you again. That's always nice to know. I get up. I don't remember what happened last night-- no, scratch that, I don't remember what happened a minute ago. Difference. I could tell you what happened last night if I'd made a note-- no, I couldn't. Damn. Ink... I feel ink. Or is that blood? ... I look down at my hand. It appears to be a mixture of blood and ink. Red blood, black ink. Whose blood...? My blood. Oh, ow, yes, now I feel it, pain... in my head. Damn, it hurts. My shirt is... off. But my pants are on. And so are my shoes. My shirt is lying next to me on the bed-- speaking of which, there's a man next to me too... Oh, God, I hope I didn't... ... No, he's dead. I wonder how... did I kill him? I... don't remember... It could very well be... Jacket, jacket... where-- there! Next my shirt. Pocket, pocket... there they are. I'm shuffling through my photos again. Let's see... Aha! Here he is! Jonathan Garryson. I'm flipping the back... it says... damn, it fuzzy, and there are stains... must have spilt something --coffee, and blood... and ink... I wonder how I got all that ink everywhere... but I can read... it says... 'He is the one. Kill him.' I flip through some more pictures. Some lady... some guy... some place... some other guy... Ew, here's a nasty picture-- of Johnny next to me, none-the-less... but-- ew, that's not right... I look over to Mr. Garryson, and realize that this is him. Granted, he looks a little less gray and blue in the picture, but it's him. And he is gross, laying there, dead --I killed him-- and his arm is still sticking out like it was in the picture --he's dead now-- and there's blood --his and my blood-- and there's a broken mirror --seven years; or was it six bad luck?-- and I see my reflection --I should get that cut treated, it's bleeding badly-- and it says... 'Find him and kill him.' That's what's tattooed onto my chest, and I finally know what I'm doing. That little fuck --little dead fuck-- he killed my wife. And I got her revenge. Finally. That must be why I got out the ink. To tell myself it was done, so that I wouldn't go and kill some other guy and start the fucking killing again. I must've been preparing for the tattoo... But I can't find any note... That doesn't really matter. I know I've found my peace. I killed the shit fucking asshole that killed-- and made sure she fucking suffered, that damn fucked prick-- my wife. I can't remember, but I hope he suffered like she did. I hope he died a painful fucking death. I hope I gave him a painful fucking death. Rest in piece, ya' fuck. Now, to tattoo that message... It's not real. ... What? You can't believe this is true. ...What? You're wrong. Everything is wrong. No. This is right. I killed the guy. I killed him. I killed him I killed him I killed him I killed him I killed him I killed him I killed him I killed him I killed him I killed him I killed him I killed him I killed him I killed him I killed him I killed him I killed him I killed him I killed him I killed him I killed him I killed him I killed him. KILLED HIM!! AND I WAS RIGHT!! Liar. What do you know? You can't remember the things you do. You idiot. Moron. No. Retard. Dipshit. NO! I'm right! He killed her! I wouldn't have killed him it he hadn't killed her! ... What the fuck are you, anyway?! It doesn't matter. You. It doesn't matter at all. That's who I am. I'm trying to push that thought out of my mind, but-- Your mind is just bullshitting you again. That's always nice to know. *** End. *** After A/n: If you were wondering about the ending, it's the same as the beginning. See? Leonard got caught in a never-ending vortex of vengeance. And he is a psycho in this... I tend to do that. Make characters nuts, I mean. And once again, my apologies. -Evil Hunter Title: Blood and Ink Author: Evil Hunter Raiting: PG (for swearing and violence) Summary: Leonard 'wakes up' to find himself covered in blood and ink... and the dead guy next to him is John G. ... Standard disclaimer: I don't own Memento, or Leonard, or anything. Before A/n: ","Summary":" -bullshitting you again. That's always nice to know. I get up. I don't remember what happened last "},{"Movie":"Memento","Title":"Memorandum","Author":"JH Sounds","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2017942","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: I do not claim ownership of any copyrighted material. MEMORANDUM You need to get out. This hospital isn't going to help you, Leonard. They don't know what it's like having your brains scrambled up. They wouldn't be feeding you this bull if they did. They get to go home every day. Home to their families, their loved ones. And what do you do, Leonard? You're here sitting in your little room, wondering how you're going to use the john without any paper. Is that a life? You have to leave this place. It isn't for you. You keep writing these notes to yourself, hoping to get some idea of how your messed-up mind works. But you can't forget what happened to your wife. You are trapped in this place the same way that you're trapped inside your head. You could be heading over one day to eat dinner, then suddenly turn around and be sent to your bed, wondering why you're so hungry. One moment you could be seeing your wife, dying, then suddenly you're here, pissing outside of the toilet. The guards here can't run very fast -- use that to your advantage. The place is definitely understaffed too. Get yourself a weapon. I know that, at night, the guards head over to the east wing to change shifts. That's your chance. That's how you'll make your big escape. ------ Leonard slammed headlong into the janitor's chest, knocking the wind out of him. The guards were in quick pursuit, readying their clubs. The hospital never believed in carrying pistols, but perhaps after tonight they'd rethink their policies. The ever darkening hallways were unfamiliar to Leonard, but somehow he'd figured his way around. He was nowhere near his home, the last image he could remember. Careening down the corridor, dozens of picture fragments came rushing to his head: Rape. Blood. Guns. Shower. Catherine. It felt like someone was smacking him in the face with a photo album. He quickly dashed around the corner into the next hall. Other patients cheered from behind fiberglass windows set into their doors as he ran by them. Leonard knew he would never be to keep this up if it weren't for the tap shoes the guards wore. Without another thought, he tipped over a bucket of soapy water in their path. Success. The three of them instantly fell. The door to the lobby burst open. Faster than even he could comprehend, Leonard snatched the metal clipboard from the receptionist's hands at her desk. She yelped and slammed backwards onto the linoleum. Only a tall man with perfectly circular-framed glasses stood between him and the exit. Panting heavily, Leonard held up the clipboard as a threat. \"You don't want to do that,\" said the tall man with a clear, even voice. \"We have patrolmen surrounding the perimeter of the site. Walk though these doors, and you are leaving your life behind.\" He reached his hand outward. \"Give me that.\" Leonard's mind was racing. Somehow, he knew he had to leave this place. He had to get to his wife. He needed a reason to live. He thumbed the edge of the steel in his hand. \"Mister Shelby--!\" In a violent blow, he swung the clipboard about an inch deep into the man's skull. The man instantly fell to his knees, choking on his own pathetic cries as the steel jutted out at an angle from his head. A mixture of terror and disbelief spread over his face. His mouth moved, but no words were formed. Leonard went passed him, running out through the double doors and into the ever- expanding darkness, forever. ------ You're a sick man, you know that? I know you'd never kill anyone without justifiable intent, but did you really have to leave yourself such crappy notes? I mean, look at the info you left yourself. You could pretty much bump-off everyone in California with a name like John (or James) G. I even think one of your uncles had that name. It's bad enough not remembering anything after your wife's face in that bathroom, but god also blessed you with a not-so-great long term memory, too. When was the last time you had a birthday party? I think it's the drugs they keep giving you, Leonard. Stay away from anything pink or orange, all right? And if they give you a shot, drink plenty of water afterward; it'll help thin it out. What am I saying? You know this stuff as well as I do. We're the same damn person, for crying out loud! Well, I guess I only write this stuff down for comfort, knowing that someone here who actually understands will eventually read this. It's amazing how we're still in the stone ages in terms of psychological care. The only ones who truly know how the brain works are the people who get strapped to their beds at night. It's the doctors who are clueless. ","Summary":" Author's Note: I do not claim ownership of any copyrighted material. MEMORANDUM You need to get out"},{"Movie":"Paul Blart: Mall Cop","Title":"Bounding Time","Author":"Empv","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12686419","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Hey Dad!\"shouts Maya.\"Yeah?\"asked Paul.\"There is this Halloween Festival opening at the farm ,maybe you and I should go?\" said Maya.\"I gotta go to work tomorrow.\" said Paul. \"I have no time for fun and games.\" said Paul.\"But Dad,they have nachos!\" shouted Maya.Paul froze and he turned around to his daughter ,\"Did you say nachos?\" asked Paul .\"Um ,yes , indeed.\"said Maya.\"Oh boy,let's go!\" said Paul as he ran out the door. Maya was still standing there,left behind ,rolling her eyes \"Oh Dad,\" she said with a smile.[Chapter 2] At the farm~ Paul and Maya were walking straight into the gates. The weird thing that caught Paul's eye everyone is wearing some silly costumes on \"What is everybody wearing?\" asked Paul.\"Those are Halloween costumes .Dad..\"said Maya .Paul was a little silent \"You've celebrated Halloween before right Dad?\" asked Maya . Paul was still very quiet \"I don't have one memory of me and your grandma celebrating Halloween together when I was a boy.\" said Paul \"Oh.\" Went Maya \"So tell me where is the nacho stand?\" asked Paul.\"It's over there.\" said Maya.\"Oh boy!\" shouted Paul with a smile. He ran over there to get a bite of nachos \"So what are fars supposed to do?\" asked Paul as he gobbled down his nachos.\"Well to go and have fun!\" said Maya.\"Come on Dad!\" said Maya excitedly as she grabs Paul's hand to come and join the fun with her.\"Slow down Maya I need to finish my food first.\" said Paul.\"Okay Dad.\"said Maya.[Chapter 3] After Paul finished eating his nachos, he and Maya played all sorts of games. They did the bean bag throw,the water gun shooting game and ,also ,a hot dog eating contest (Paul Blart actually wanted to do it not Maya). Paul and Maya looked around to see if there were anymore activities. \"Dad ,look over there!\" shouted Maya. Paul looked over to see what Maya was pointing at. There , in front of them, was a giant black cat holding a little jack-o-lantern in his paws. \"Isn't he cute?\" asked Maya. \"Nice,I want it for my bedroom.\" said Paul. He went over to the guy at the stand. \"How much does the big black cat costs?\" asked Paul.\"Well,if you want to know, you have to win it first.\" said the guy at the stand \"Okay ,how do I win it?\" asked Paul. \"Well ,you have to throw the basketball into the hoop, piece of cake.\" said the guy at the stand. He gives Paul the basketball.\"Big black cat ,here I come!\" said Paul Blart to himself. He throws the basketball into the hoop ,but suddenly it missed! So he had to try it again a few minutes later. He tried one more time but failed again. Maya was standing there watching the whole thing but what caught her eye was a little button on the wall that connected to the hoop.\"Dad can I have a turn for a sec?\" asked Maya. She came close to the guy at the stand,\"I'll take one basketball please.\" said Maya . The guy gave her the basketball.Maya was focused on the hoop but instead of throwing it at the hoop ,she throws it at the guy in the stand ! While he was unconscious ,Maya yelled \"Quick ,take the cat -run!\" As Paul grabbed the cat and ran with Maya.\"Maya ,what did you do?\" asked Paul. They from the fair.\"The game was a set up.\" Said Maya\" How did you know?\" asked Paul.\"He was using that button to make you miss the whole time.\"said Maya \"Oh.\" Said Paul \"You know what Dad even though we stole this cat this is the best Halloween ever.\" said Maya .Paul was silent for a minute then he said \"Yeah.\" The End ","Summary":" \"Hey Dad!\"shouts Maya.\"Yeah?\"asked Paul.\"There is this Halloween Festival opening at the farm "},{"Movie":"World's End","Title":"inside the king's head","Author":"Gabby D","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12271610","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Gary never thought it'd end like this. He thought he'd always have his friends, always have Andy. That his life would be full of parties and girls and friendship, just like that day. Turns out at almost 40 years old, having none of that, his life is just going from bar to bar living in a shit apartment that he was only able to keep because his mum sent him money, and even then his rent was late because he used last month's money to buy more drugs. He stared at his phone where his mum's contact information showed. He knows, in a small corner of his mind, that he should call her — call Andy — but the last time he talked to her was months ago while high in a random alley. (He doesn't remember the last time he talked to Andy.) The razor in his hand, rusted from long use, suddenly weighed a ton as he lifted to his wrists. He always expects it to hurt, but it never does. All he can feel is the numbness and the blood running down his hands and making a mess on his floor and clothes. He watches the door, waiting. As if at anytime they're going to show up to be there for him. Peter, Oliver, Steve and Andy . One of them, any of them . He feels his consciousness fade away as he waits, his vision blurring and fading to black, his mind full of despair and relief, the blood loss making him feel high in a way no drug ever did. Why aren't they coming? (Why isn't he coming?) When he wakes up in the hospital, head hurting from the hangover and blood loss, he barely listen to the doctor and nurse as they tell him what happened — the old lady from 12B called the police about the loud music and they found him in his bathroom barely alive with a razor still in his hands. They tell him about his condition, that he can't leave, and ask about an emergency contact. He refuses to give any. All that goes through his head is, that in the end, they didn't come for him. They never would. ","Summary":" Gary never thought it'd end like this. He thought he'd always have his friends, always have Andy. T"},{"Movie":"World's End","Title":"We Go On in Sunlight","Author":"Insomniac Owl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9875110","Passage":"[Chapter 1] We Go On in Sunlight By Insomniac Owl The First Post is the oldest pub in town, but the Famous Cock is Gary's favorite. He likes the way it's set up, everything leading out from the doors to the toilets at the other end, the bar in the middle like an island. He likes the lighting, and the black leather chairs. He likes how the five of them can crowd in at the end of the bar with no space between them. Sometimes, when it's not too busy, the bartender brings out card games, and then they spend hours swearing at each other for lost matches, for wrong guesses, for Gary slipping Andy cards under the table. It's one of Gary's favourite places in the world. He feels at home here, in a way he doesn't living with his parents, because home has always been wherever his friends are. He's known Andy since they were kids, and Steve since they were twelve; when they met Ollie and Pete their first year of sixth form they all sort of fell together, a natural rotation, like planets around a sun. They have different interests, of course. Different hopes and dreams. But they all like girls, they all like music, and they all like drinking. They've spent a lot of time in Newton Haven's pubs since Pete was old enough, finally, to pass for the 18 on his fake ID; the Famous Cock and The Mermaid are particular favorites, but Andy likes The Cross Hands, and Peter's developing a fondness for The First Post, with its close spaces and easy exits. Gary's already decided they're going to do the Golden Mile. Maybe over Christmas, or at the end of the year, or in January, because his and Andy's birthdays are both that month. Maybe over the summer, before they all leave for uni. Maybe they can do it twice. \"What do you think,\" he asks Andy, who's so close one of his elbows presses against Gary's ribs. Andy's shed his jacket and is wearing suspenders over his shirt; Gary told him it made him look like a twat, but he actually kind of likes it. \"What do I think of what?\" \"Doing the Golden Mile?\" \"Yes. Yes. Brilliant idea. You want another beer?\" \"Mm.\" As Andy flags down the bartender, Gary swings around to scan the crowd. It's not a busy night, and though he recognizes a few people from school, there's no one he likes well enough to call over. Except Mad Basil's just a few feet away, vulture-thin, blue eyes sharp despite the crazy shit he's always saying. He keeps glancing toward Gary and then away. Then, at Gary's left, Steve sees him too. \"Basil!\" He throws an arm up, and Gary snickers into his drink. Steve's on his fourth beer, but Basil's his best friend even when he's sober. \"If you boys are planning on doing the Golden Mile,\" Basil says, shuffling closer, \"there's something you should know.\" Ollie leans in from Andy's right. \"We're doing the Golden Mile? When?\" \"What's that?\" Steven asks Basil. Basil looks at the bartender, who rolls his eyes but moves away down the bar. \"In June of 1889,\" Basil says, \"five local boys were the first to ever finish Golden Mile. You'll have heard what happened to them afterward.\" Steve nods. They have. Gary's heard it, same as the rest of them. The Golden Mile is Newton Haven's second biggest claim to fame, and five deaths, accidental or not, is something children whisper about during sleepovers and into dark mirrors when they're alone. The details change. Gary's heard a hundred different versions over the years and invented a few himself, but this was the first: five local boys were the first to ever complete the Golden Mile, and one of them was stabbed to death outside a pub in London, two years later, though no one remembers why. The other four went on to lead nominally successful lives. Two became doctors, one a tailor, the other some sort of academic - but the academic eventually hung himself. One of the doctors was shot in a brawl, the other in a duel, and the tailor drowned at twenty-six. Or so the story goes. The story also goes that their ghosts haunt the pubs in Newton Haven, but Gary's never bought into that. Basil stands on the edge of their group, nervous and shifty, until Steve pulls him in toward the bar. \"Those boys,\" he says then, voice quavering, \"they were good boys. It's a shame what really happened.\" Basil looks around at each of them, blinking. \"They were murdered, every last one of them.\" \"Hang on,\" Ollie says, \"I heard one of them hung himself.\" \"Hey, yeah,\" says Pete. But Basil coughs, the way he does before every story, and begins, \"This is true,\" which is how Gary knows it isn't, and tells them how a man from Newton Haven whose name no one knows went round murdering these five guys, one by one, over a space of five years. It sounds like something out of a movie, or a bad horror novel. Still, Gary finds himself leaning closer. He's buzzed by now, the beer Andy bought him cradled half empty in his hands, but that's not why it's so interesting. Perched on a bar stool, one elbow propped on Andy's shoulder for balance, Gary's mind sketches out the similarities. There were five of them. There are five in Gary's group, too. And this is the hundred year anniversary of when those guys first completed the Golden Mile, which has got to count for something. When Basil's done, Steve buys him a drink and he drifts off again, but Gary keeps thinking of a man hanging in a dark closet doorway, of a man stabbed to death lying a pool of blood. They overlap in his head like a bad Ven Diagram until he can't tell which is real and which is someone's imagination. The way the world looks, thick and distant through the faint buzz of alcohol, seems somehow sinister. Gary downs the rest of his drink in three long swallows, then turns to Steve, who happens to be closest. \"I like his version better.\" \"Mm?\" \"It makes sense they were killed.\" Gary burps a little, stands. \"I've gotta piss, be right back.\" \"Wait, Gary?\" Stephen leans up on his elbows to watch him go. \"They weren't really, you know.\" Gary doesn't turn back, but he flips him off over his shoulder, the gesture as easy and familiar as a cigarette between his lips, as black hair dye under his fingernails. Because what if it's true? \"Think about it,\" Gary says, leaning forward. Smoke slips between his teeth like some young, slick-scaled dragon; he gestures at them all with a cigarette in one ring-cluttered hand and a can of Marston's in the other. \"They were the first guys to ever do it; they were fucking famous. And, two of them were shot. Pretty suspicious.\" Steve, flat on his back in the grass a few feet away, shakes his head. \"But they died in different cities, and five years apart.\" \"Only five years apart.\" They met at Pete's house over the summer, swimming and playing billiards, smoking weed where his father couldn't see them, but during the year they spend most of their time here, sprawled in the low grass at the back of the school, bickering, talking about music and movies and girls. Already, though, Gary can feel the pull of real life. Of adulthood. He's lived his entire life in this tiny nothing town, and he's meant for bigger things than high school Hamlet productions and bagging groceries at Lidl's till he's sixty. He can feel his potential, curled and waiting under his skin, and it itches. \"What if it's true, though?\" he says around his cigarette. \"A serial killer from Newton Haven. It'd be the biggest thing to happen to this town since they built the fucking ring road.\" \"But even if it was true, Gary, it happened nearly a hundred years ago. Who's gonna care?\" Steve asks. \"A lot of people, actually.\" Andy flicks a bit of grass at Steve's head. \"The Golden Mile is this town's second biggest claim to fame; everyone's gonna be interested.\" Gary reaches over for a fist bump. \"That's Andy in, then. Who else?\" \"Me, I guess,\" Ollie says. Pete looks at Gary, then at Steve, then raises his hand. \"I'm in.\" \"Peter-tron,\" Gary crows. \"Come on, Steve, Basil's your mate. I think he had something.\" Steve's quiet, squinting up at the sun, at the clear blue sky overhead, and Gary knows he's about to give in. After a moment Steve pushes himself up on his elbow. There's a bit of grass caught in his hair and his cigarette's gone out between his fingers; he flicks the butt away into the grass, then wipes his hands on his jeans. When he looks up he's smiling, a wry, amused twist of his lips. \"Alright,\" he says, \"fine. What's the plan?\" Gary doesn't have a plan, not really, but he talks loudly and he smiles and they all start leaning forward. They'll go to one of the pubs tomorrow night - any one of them, it doesn't matter; Pete requests the World's End, and Gary stabs a finger toward him. They'll go to the World's End, talk to the bartender, talk to the patrons, see what everyone knows. Then they can follow leads from there. The idea takes shape in his mind as he speaks, and it looks like a quest, like some great, impossible feat. And isn't that what he's been after his whole life? He wants to do something people will still talk about a hundred years after he's dead. This is a good place to start. Gary leans back, grinning, as the conversation drifts to the movie they saw a few weeks ago, then to Peter's father, and then, as always, to the girls in their classes, who they've fucked and who they want to fuck and who they'd only fuck if they had to. It's the first week of their last week of school. Gary is seventeen years old. He looks out over the rugby field and the setting sun beyond it and feels the limitless possibility of his future, waiting. Does Gary believe they were murdered? That's not the point. He doesn't care, really, if they were struck by lightening, the hand of God reaching down onto a hilltop or the doorstep of a London pub. It's a Friday night; they're young; they're free - it's about having fun. It's about the legacy those guys left for people like him, not whether or not they were murdered. That thought sits with him all the next day, through Maths, through History and English and into the hallway after, when Steve pulls him aside to ask what the fuck is wrong with him. \"Nothing.\" Gary grins, to make himself believe it, then slings an arm over Steve's shoulder. \"Hey, you haven't seen Andy yet, have you?\" \"Nope. He's here today, though.\" \"Right, right.\" Gary glances around, looking over dandruff-flaked shoulders, hair pulled into ponytails or blown out in curls. Pete's Maths class is on the other side of the school, so he'll meet them in the courtyard, but Andy has PE this period, and the gym is on the way to the cafeteria. They're standing just across from the boy's locker room, but Andy's nowhere in sight. \"He said he had something for me. Probably for tonight.\" \"Not weed,\" Steve says. \"The Reverend's been out of town for the past couple days.\" \"Hey.\" Gary brightens. \"Maybe it's coke.\" \"You've never even done coke,\" Ollie says. \"David Bowie does it.\" \"So do the blokes in East London.\" \"Does that mean you don't want any?\" \"Whatever he's giving you, it's not coke.\" Steve sniggers. \"Maybe it's a blow job.\" \"You wish.\" The rush of students has crowded them back against the lockers, and Gary pushes himself up on his toes for a better view, one hand splayed back to steady himself. \"Hey,\" he says to Steve, still looking out over the crowd. \"Do you still have a hard-on for Ollie's sister?\" \"I - what?\" Steve's head snaps around, but not as fast as Ollie's. \"Does he what ?\" Gary looks at Steve, grins. Across the hall, Sam's just slipped out of one of the classrooms, stork-limbed and blonder than he remembers, but tan. He'd almost forgotten what she looked like, only Ollie's faint familial resemblance to remind him over the summer, while she was in Greece or Italy or wherever. Now she's less than ten meters away, and he wonders how he ever could have forgotten. \"Oi, Sam!\" She looks up, wide-eyed, and smiles. \"Gary - hi.\" As she comes toward him Gary throws his arms wide, then folds her into them. Her hair smells like shampoo and sunlight. \"How was Italy?\" \"Spain.\" \"Yeah, how was Spain? You look well.\" He winks at Steve over her head, but Steve's too busy staring at Sam, who's too busy laughing at at how Gary's digging his fingers in between her ribs, a high, girlish squeal of delight. She's only a year under them, but she seems so young, then. She's a whole two years away from starting her life. But she's wearing red lip gloss, and it makes her lips shiny and dark against her skin, her bleach-blonde hair. It'd probably taste like cherry. \"Spain was brilliant,\" she says, smiling. Ollie has a strangled-looking expression on his face. \"I can show you the pictures sometime, if you want.\" \"Absolutely.\" Over her head then, finally, he sees Andy coming out of the locker room, and he reaches a hand out toward her shoulder. \"Listen,\" he says, \"I've got to go, but I'll catch you later, alright?\" She smiles, pulls her books up to her chest as he moves away. It's a defensive gesture. Means she's shy. Means she wants him, or will. Gary flashes her a quick grin and a wink, then turns. \"Andy,\" he calls, \"over here!\" Steve hangs back, which is fine, since he can't string two words together when he's around Sam. Ollie stays with him. and Gary shoulders through the crowd alone. He's taller than most of their classmates, but Andy is built big, and plays rugby besides, so he reaches Gary first. Gary's still getting his classes changed so they can be in gym together; they'll kick arse at all the team sports. \"Hey,\" Andy says, pulling his rucksack from his shoulder. \"Hang on.\" He shoves in close to Gary in the press of people around them; they're stopped in the middle of the hallway, and Gary counts four dirty looks before Andy holds out his rucksack, zipper gaping open. Gary peers in. There's a Maths book, a couple notebooks, and a copy of Hamlet, which they're reading in class and which Gary, despite himself, is really liking. People get murdered and people go mad; there are ghosts and kings and swords. But there isn't anything else. \"What am I looking at?\" Andy wrinkles his forehead at him, then shoves an arm into the rucksack, pulling out the copy of Hamlet. \"Here.\" He slaps it into Gary's hands. \"I nicked this off of Shane. Fucker signed his name all over the title page, though, so you'll want to tear that out. Or change all the 'i's so they have little hearts instead of dots.\" \"Aw, cheers, mate, you're the best.\" Gary flips through the book, grinning. \"I''ll get you a beer tonight.\" Andy smiles a little. On the nights they stay out so late they have to walk home, stumbling and singing down quiet suburban streets, Andy has that same look on his face. Like he'd steal a book for him or lay down his life with equally little thought. \"No you won't,\" he says, fondly. The World's End isn't Gary's favorite pub. It's too far from town, and the drinks are expensive, and one time they were there Ollie vomited in the sink in the gent's toilet, so the manager doesn't like them much. So Gary convinces everyone to go to the Cross Hands instead. Andy volunteers to get the first round while Gary sprawls at their usual table, backed up against the window with a view of the street through the blinds. It's getting dark out, but inside there's a good crowd, even for a Friday night. \"Gary,\" Andy says, \"what do you want?\" \"The fittest girl in the room.\" He casts a quick glance around, sizing up breasts and hair and the curves of girls' lips. There are a few he'd fuck if he didn't have to buy them drinks, but no one that really stands out. Steve grins, leaning back in his chair. \"He's taking drinks orders, not going to a brothel.\" \"Brothel.\" Gary turns, one arm still stretched over the back of the booth, and makes a face at Andy. \"Who the fuck says brothel anymore?\" \"Steve, apparently,\" Ollie says, and then, to Andy, \"Get me a Bass. And, I'll get the next round.\" \"Me too,\" Peter says. \"Um, the Bass, not about the next round. But I can get the next, next one, if you want.\" \"Sure.\" And looks up. \"Gary?\" \"Imperial Stout,\" he says, sliding toward the end of the bench, \"but I'll come with. You'll have a hard time of it with only two hands.\" They weave through the tables toward the bar, slipping in next to two older girls, both probably about twenty-two. Gary pauses, eyeing them. Older women are tougher, but he once fucked a twenty year old from Edinburgh. She'd had dreadlocks and small, warm tits, and her mouth tasted like weed and chocolate. Andy elbows him. \"Hey.\" \"Hey.\" He turns, leaning over the bar until he's laid half across it. The bartender, a guy named Phillip who's owned this place as long as Gary's been alive, raises an eyebrow at him. \"You want to draw these beers yourself?\" \"Fuck, would you let me?\" \"No way, kid. What do you want? Water?\" \"No. No, listen. You know those five guys who did the Golden Mile? The first ones ever to do it?\" Phillip nods. \"Someone told me they were murdered.\" \"Huh. I heard they all got shot or hung themselves.\" Which is hardly a surprise. It's what everyone's heard. That's how stories become legends. But they'll talk about this day, too, Gary knows; Phillip will tell his patrons about the night Gary King uncovered a string of murders. He'll be a legend. Gary leans back a little, thinking, If Basil was right about the murders, what else was he right about? Not the Aqua-Nazis, not the Bermuda Triangle. But maybe about the ghosts. \"Well, have you ever felt cold spots or anything?\" he asks. \"Flickering lights?\" \"What, like ghosts?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Let me get you that water.\" So Phillip gets him a water, then draws five beers for Andy, and Gary leans to watch the beer pour into the glasses, rushing back to the surface as white foam. He'll never get tired of seeing that. \"Hey Phillip,\" he says, as the bartender's sliding the third glass forward, \"who's the oldest person in town?\" He reaches for another glass. \"Probably Basil.\" Which doesn't help at all. Basil has stories, but he doesn't have facts, and Gary needs something more substantial to prove those boys were murdered. But no one's alive that remembers anything more than stories, now. Gary lifts his glass from the counter, and then another. Andy's leaning against the bar with the other beers. \"You ready?\" \"Yeah. I knew that would be a bust.\" There are plenty of other people around to talk to, but few older than they are, and all less likely than the girls at the bar to know anything about the Golden Mile. Gary takes a long swallow of beer. \"We'll have to hit the other pubs, too.\" \"Next weekend though, yeah?\" \"Mm.\" At the table, he and Andy pass around the beers. Gary's glass is a fourth empty now, so he gives it to Ollie instead. Ollie eyes it, tilts it, then raises his eyebrows. \"Gary, what the fuck.\" \"You'll thank me later.\" \"I say again: what the fuck.\" But Ollie knows he can't hold his alcohol, and so does everyone else; Gary just rolls his eyes, and slides in next to him. The night soon devolves into singing and increasingly drunken rounds of Never-Have-I-Ever, which Gary loses, resoundingly, for having kissed Andy once two years ago after thirteen wine coolers and a dare. Ollie snorts into his drink, then spends the next five minutes making fun of him for having drunk wine coolers. \"But was there tongue?\" Pete wants to know. Around him, things have begun to recede into a gentle haze. The world swings whenever he turns his head, to track the passage of a pretty girl, or old Mad Basil, who moves back and forth between the gents toilets and the bar in the same sweater he's worn the entire time Gary's known him. Gary reaches for his glass, misses. It's been an alright night, he thinks when he gets a hold of it, lips curved against the rim as he drinks, drinks, drinks, until the glass is empty and the world sways like a lady at a waltz. But he hasn't seen any ghosts, or any murderers. Gary pauses. There are fingerprints curved against his glass like white shadows, and a stray thought in his head he can't catch hold of. He's too drunk to think straight anymore. Gary leans to the side a little, and then keeps going onto Steve's shoulder. The pub is starting to slow down. When he looks toward the bar everything is muted, distant, like looking down a tunnel into a tiny cosmos of light. \"Steve.\" \"Yeah mate.\" \"Those guys, the ones who did the Golden Mile. How… how do you think they died?\" Steve shrugs. \"I dunno. Murders or accidents, it's just a story now, either way.\" He leans back to look at him. \"Why's it matter so much?\" Gary blinks, laboriously. \"It just does.\" Those boys had such promising lives. Gary doesn't even know their names, but they paved the way for people like him, like Andy and Steven and Ollie and Peter. He stares at the bar, thinks of a string of groups of boys, running on and on like an unbroken daisy chain into the future. He thinks of nights spent over at Andy's, of stories whispered under a bed sheet in the dark. \"None of them even died here,\" he tells the table. \"There wouldn't even be ghosts.\" Peter leans forward. \"That's not always how it works, you know. Maybe this was their favourite pub.\" \"Maybe.\" Andy's started making his way back from the bar, and Gary pulls himself upright. Runs a hand through his hair to mess it up a little. Andy's carrying another round of beer, four glasses pressed together between his hands and a fifth wedged in the crook of his elbow, and he lays them all out on the table. Steve pulls two toward him. \"Here,\" he says, smirking, sliding one to Gary. \"You look like you need this.\" The glass is cold and wet and the beer amber in the lamplight. Gary drinks. \"Gary,\" Andy's voice says. \"Gary.\" It's dark. Gary is still drunk and half-asleep, but he pulls himself up, fumbles for Andy blind. There aren't any lights on, and his hair is folded the wrong way over. He can feel it in his eyes. \"What the fuck, Andy.\" His voice is blurred with sleep and alcohol, and he feels unsteady. Are they still at the pub? Phillip likes them; he sometimes lets them sleep here. He might be in one of the booths. Someone else's jacket is draped over his chest, and when he finally gets a hold of Andy - it's an arm, maybe, or an ankle - Gary holds on and lets him anchor him. \"What is it?\" he asks again. \"Get up,\" Andy says. \"Come on, you've got to see this.\" Gary grumbles, but he goes, flattening his hair back over as he stands. He can't see much, but Andy is a dark shape in front of him, leading him around the glass-cluttered table and catching him when he sways toward it. \"I don't think you need any more, mate,\" Andy says. In his head, Gary agrees. But his mouth says, \"You can never have too much beer.\" Andy laughs. \"Come on, this way.\" They're approaching the bar, Gary thinks. He's trying to remember the layout of the place, but it gets mixed up with all the other pubs in his head, and he can't remember if the toilets are to the left or right, or if that's the Hole in the Wall, or the Good Companions, or maybe they've already passed them, in case he needs to vomit, later. They keep having to go around tables. Then Andy puts a hand on his arm. There's an open window to his right, and Gary sees Ollie standing near it, Peter perched on a barstool beside him. \"Right there,\" Andy says. He's pointing above the bar, and Gary swings his head around to look, expecting nothing - and then he freezes. There's a ghost there, hanging suspended above the taps, against a background of colorful liquor bottles, as white and strange as death. It's eyes are two black holes in its face and it doesn't have a mouth, but it speaks. It says, \"Gary King.\" Gary's mouth pulls apart into a grin. \"No way,\" he whispers. He's seen ghosts in movies, and read about them in plays, and there they always look at least a little human. This one doesn't. It's an oblong shape in the darkness, so unremarkable he might have walked right past it if Andy hadn't pointed it out. But now that he's looking at it, he can't look away. And it's bad form, probably, to smile at someone who's been dead a hundred years, but he can't help that, either. It doesn't occur to him to worry about his sanity, or the fact that he's looking at a ghost; he's still a little drunk, but he knows this is probably the only chance he's going to get. On Wednesday, and even before they walked into the bar tonight, he would have said he didn't believe in ghosts. That he was coming just to have a good time with his friends, because they hadn't been out in a while and he was feeling restless. And was he feeling restless. It comes over him every so often, a burgeoning need to move, a frantic energy that spills out of him as bright and hot as fire. But that isn't what tonight is about anymore. He feels connected to those five boys, and he needs to know what happened to them. What really happened to them. \"How did you die?\" he asks. Silence. Come on, he thinks, staring. Come on. Then it says, in a voice so low it cracks and rumbles and makes Gary thinks of thunder, of something coming from a long way off, \"It was a foul and most unnatural mur der.\" Gary whirls toward the others, face opening in childish delight. \"Murder!\" he says, and does a fist-pump right there at the end of the bar with the ghost lingering behind him in the dark. He was right. He was right. \"Murder most foul!\" the ghost says. And it's voice is still low, still unfamiliar, but something about what it says makes Gary pause. He whirls back around. \"Hang on,\" he says. Hang on. \"Is that… are you quoting fucking Shake speare?\" The ghost stills, half-turning to look behind itself. And now Gary's eyes have adjusted. He's awake enough to see the edge of the tablecloth it's wearing, the sneakers poking out from the bottom. They're blue trainers, which means it's - It's fucking Steve . The force of his anger surprises him. Rage boils up hot and ragged in his veins, along a quickly receding tide of drunkenness to his shoulders, his shaking fingertips, his snapped-shut jaw. Gary should be laughing as loudly as Steven is, who's doubled over in hyena laughter next to the taps. He should. He isn't. He's taking two running steps toward the bar, slamming into Steve's legs and dragging him down to the floor with a crash; he's laying into him, Steve's lip breaking open under his fists. He's wild with inarticulate rage, and it doesn't get any better when Steve flips him over into a chokehold. Gary digs his nails into Steve's arm, opens his mouth like a snapping turtle, but there's nothing within reach. \"You broke my nose,\" Steve's voice says in his ear, surprised, so Gary elbows him in the stomach. He's never known when to let go, never known when to stop; it's what got Andy that scar on his middle finger and it's what puts Gary on the floor of a pub in a town he was never meant for, scrabbling in spilled beer with Steve's arm locked around his neck so hard his vision's going spotty. He chokes, then, an awful, grating noise he can't control. \"Steve,\" Andy says, \"Steve, you've got to -\" Steve lets go. Gary's elbows slam down against the hardwood floor with a jarring thump. They'll bruise tomorrow. So will Steve's face. \"You broke my fucking nose!\" Steve says again. The sheet's gotten all twisted around his waist like a skirt, and Gary opens his mouth to comment on it, or to apologize, or to justify himself. \"Fuck you,\" he says instead. \"Fuck you you fucking arsehole.\" He doesn't know why he's so angry. It shouldn't matter. He's done things like this to Steve before, trick toilet seats and itching powder in his clothes and other, less kind things, and he should be laughing. It's the kind of prank he should appreciate. Steve's chest moves up and down, heaving, backed up against the dark wood of the bar. \"Jesus,\" he says. Someone's turned on a lamp. There's a bit of blood dribbling from his nose, and he tilts his head back to clamp it shut. \"It was a joke.\" Gary stares at the blood on Steve's fingers. There is a lot of it. Any remaining haze of alcohol has gone out of him, and suddenly Gary feels tired. It is two in the morning, and he spent the last few hours sleeping at a bar five blocks from his house. He lies back, slowly, sprawling on the floor where Steve dropped him. The pub's ceiling is dark, but in the light it is green and gold brocade, to match the chalk signs and the hardwood floors. \"I'm going to fuck Sam,\" he says. The words sound strange and distant, disconnected from him in the dark. They float up toward the ceiling and hang there, waiting for judgement. \"Oi, no you're not,\" Ollie says, indignantly, \"she's my sister.\" Steve bares his teeth. \"Sure. Go right on ahead.\" Gary nods, to himself, then closes his eyes. Things are awkward between him and Steve all next week, their exchanges full of glares and sudden silences. Steve's nose isn't broken, but his face blossoms into a spectacular network of bruises, expanding across his nose and eye sockets like oil spills, purple and green and yellow. Gary tells everyone Steve got into a fist fight with a couple of IRA. No one believes it, but Steve stops glaring at him quite so hard whenever he speaks. Things settle. They start reading A Winter's Tale in English, and Gary gets a C on his first maths exam. Steve slips him the opening chords of a new song during Chemistry. He and Andy are out on the rugby field three weeks later when Andy glances at him, lowly, and says, \"I'm sorry.\" Steve and Ollie and Peter have left, but Gary can still see them at the other end of the grass, Peter lagging behind, Ollie already on his cell phone. \"It's alright,\" he says. \"You don't even know what -\" \"Yeah I do.\" \"It wasn't my idea. But I went along with it. I should have -\" \"Jesus, stop being such a girl.\" Andy punches him in the arm, and fuck, that actually hurt. Gary tackles him to the ground, and they roll around in the grass for a bit, both of them trying to get on top. At the end of it, they're both tired and Gary's sides are sore from laughing, or maybe from where Andy accidentally kneed him in the ribs. He flops back onto the grass, listening to Andy breathe beside him. \"Really, it's okay.\" \"Is it?\" Gary sighs, turns his head away. \"I knew our chances weren't good,\" he says, \"but I… I wanted….\" He trails off, and doesn't pick it up again. The sky overhead is a cool and clear and cloudless, and it is the first month of their last year before uni. Gary wipes at his eyes, quickly, so Andy doesn't see. When he was younger, Gary's mother would take his face in her hands and tell him, \"You can do anything you want to.\" Mr. Shepard says the same thing, whenever Gary ends up in his classroom after school. He's heard that refrain for so long that he's taken it into himself, cradled it close to his chest and let it build him up, let it form his ideas about the world and his place in it. Gary is seventeen, now. He thinks of those five boys dying before they were thirty, of the boy who hung himself at twenty two, before he had accomplished anything. He thinks of old stories and blood on his knuckles and the way Steve had looked when Gary thought he was a ghost, strange and cold and beautiful. For years, whenever he dreams of ghosts, they have coal black eyes and Steve's face, and sometimes they recite Shakespeare at him, or bits of things he thinks are Shakespeare. The world is your oyster. You can do anything you want to. But years later, in London when he's all grown up, paying more for rent than his shitty apartment is worth, writing song lyrics on the backs of napkins that no one will ever sing, he lays a razor blade against the fine skin of his wrist and the only thing he can do, it seems, is press down. ","Summary":" We Go On in Sunlight By Insomniac Owl The First Post is the oldest pub in town, but the Famous Cock"},{"Movie":"World's End","Title":"Residen IX","Author":"dan.rynx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12600428","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 4 Agustus 1.223 AM, Pukul 05:00 a.m. Koor. 5-0-1-3. Zona Lepas Hardinear, Dorja. \"Falcon Three melapor, masuk cabang, masuk...\" \"Disini cabang Legacy...\" \"Bagaimana kondisimu?\" \"Kapten, apa yang akan kita lakukan sekarang?\" Falcon Three, unit kelas VF-13D. Tepatnya sebuah unit pesawat tempur G-3 yang bewarna putih terbang menyusuri langit kepulan asap hitam peka. Pagi itu, separuh sinar matahari mulai tampak di bayangan air mendung bewarna gelap kelabu, langit yang terasa hitam kemerah warna laut di bercampur dengan minyak atau lainnya. Bangkai-bangkai kapal besar saling terapung di laut bebas, kapal tengker, kapal induk, atau sebangsa kapal telah hancur, tinggal tersisa kobaran api di angin juga asap hitam mengebul di langit bendera kapal terlihat mengapung di laut. Yang menjadi penyedot perhantian disana, bisa jua suatu kapal perang maha , ia telah tumbang di menuggu kapan ia akan dengan panjang lebih dari 435 moncong meriam di dek kapal yang belum tenggelam menunjukan tanda dari berakhirnya kapal. Hancur, satu kata yang paling tepat untuk kapal tersebut. \"Kapten, bagaimana dengan yang ini?\" Sang pilot Unit Falcon Three. .Berbicara dengan nada yang amat reruntuhan kapal tersebut, tak ada rasa khawatir darinya. \"Pertempuran telah usai, seluruh armada musuh juga sudah kembali cabang, Letnan Dua Lars!\" Suatu perangkat radio menyahut dirinya. \"Siap kapten!\" Tiba-tiba, Navigasi kapal sistem pesawat mengalami jamming dari yang besar sepertinya tengah benda yang tangguh. Dan tak lama, ia menampakan kapal selam dengan desain khas kepala , meruncing, tampa geladak, lebih cocok untuk kapal antar abu-abu kelam yang orisinalitas. Terdapat dua pasang sayap panjang membentuk semacam 'tanduk' dari kebelakang di tambah banyak 'tanduk' kecil, dan yang menjadi ujung meriam besar Fontiner Fusi, sebuah meriam inovasi baru pelontar bom nuklir. \"MUSTAHIL... Kapten, ada musuh yang bertahan di garis depan!\" \"Hm, Nenwich Cluster...\" Sirene merah kru navigator di ruang kemudi tengah dilanda laporan saling mencuak kepada sang beda jauh, tidak ada laporan bertanda baik. \"Pak, musuh telah mengetahui posisi kita!\" \"Mesin righ wings mengalami overload!\" \"Kargo lima juga mengalami kebocoran!\" \"Kapten, ada S.O.S. dari Pusat!\" Seperti itulah... \"Rid, apa lagi yang akan kau perbuat?\" Wajahnya memucat, keringat dingin mengalir dari kulit sang mencoba menguatkan kakinya yang berpijak antara kesibukan monitor proyeksi di tengah ruangan dengan lekat. \"Pak,\" Seru seorang kru. \"Kapten Agus,\" Suatu suara datang dari belakang punggung sang kapten. Ia melihat seseorang yang tinggi berpakaian baju seragam Angkatan Legacy putih dengan lengan baju bewarna merah darah dan juga menghiasi sekitar buah baju. \"Joki?\" Seru kapten. \"Jangan cemas kapten, kami kan selalu bersama anda, potong jiwa takkan berkhianat pada sayap anda, luar sana sayap Lars kini sedang berjuang membela kita.\" Katanya. Sang kapten berbalik, alisnya terlihat meninggi, satu senyum kecil muncul darinya. \"Naikkan kapal ke seluruh meriam dan siapkan rotasi pada meriam untuk segala guncangan!\" \"SIAP!\" Jawab serentak seluruh kru. Tak jauh dari kapal musuh, mereka turut muncul dari dalam meriam mereka telah siap mengunci Kapal kelas Eather¹ , dengan wajah yang lebih perhatian musuh. Warna biru abu-abu gelap yang memiliki kualitas yang membuatnya berkelas untuk kapal yang ke Abraham atau ke Lincion. Tiga pasang landasan pacu memanjang di geladak atas kapal. \" Legacy Aries², maju dengan kecepatan penuh!\" Dari kejahuan, satu pasang Unit Pesawat Darken mendekat cepat ke langit bewarna hitam legam, salah satu unit memiliki garis merah panjang dari depan hingga ke Kerajaan Fardigards menempel di sayap kiri. Begitu jua temanya, emblem istana di sayap kiri, hitam, dan yang berbeda adalah garis miliknya yang bewarna Kuning tua. Lambang yang memang nama brigade, Kesatria Neil (Cahaya).Ia berbentuk bintang dengan enam sisi sisi membentuk postur bintang utuh didepan dan tiga lain yang lebih pendek ada di di belakangnya, sebuah disain tengkorak kelelawar beserta sayap meander menjadi latar untuk bintang segi enam tersebut. Jet Vanders, pilot dari unit merah Cluster. Dengan julukannya sebagai 'Rajawali' langit, adalah seorang ace pilot dari Brigade Kesatria sangat di kenal di langit para suatu ancaman bagi setiap ia adalah orang yang berdarah tak pernah diragukan janji dari mulutnya sebagai kesatria. \"Willcon Jet Vanders, Ace Pilot Yang Mulia Siaril dari Langit Cluster. \" Perkenalan diri sebelum berperang, adalah salah satu etika kesatria dari mengenang jasa para kesatria andai ia akan gugur. \"Semoga, cahaya kemenangan mengiringi sayap Altard.\" Nahkoda Kapal Nenwich, tentu saja tahu arti dari sebait kalimat Viarida Corlas, maka ia segera memberi arahan baru pada Kapal Nenwich. \"Kalian dengar, sang cahaya agunglah yang telah memilih kita!\" Kapten Agus juga mendengar kalimat itu, kapten dari Kapal besar dan tegar cukup untuk menyembunyikan rasa dihatinya. Keraguan. \"Karena tanah air adalah rumah juga sang pembala demi tanah air, itu baru namanya Vanders.\" Bisik sang Kapten Nahkoda Nenwich. \"Tuan, Legacy mendekat dengan sangat cepat!\" \"JANGAN MUNDUR! Ikut maju dengan kecepatan penuh, kita hantam siapkan Pasukan Pembidas ini, takkan ada lagi kesatria yang gugur sia-sia!\" \"Tidak kusangka dia!\" Ucap Sang Kapten Agus. Dan, kedua kapal raksasa tersebut saling melaju dalam satu bermaksud untuk saling meriam mereka saling menunggu komando untuk peleton juga telah bersiap di pos masing-masing. Tepat sebelum mereka Vanders bersama rekannya telah sampai di medan Falcon Three milik Letnan Dua Lars terlebih dahulu menghadang musuh. Terjadilah baku tembak antara mereka , Venders, dan Lars yang sendiri membuatnya satu garis lurus Lars bergerak cepat menikam Jet halilintar membelah langit. Multi drone mereka berdua saling berhamburan menyerang. Namun, tiada satu pun dari mereka yang berhasil melukai Lars maupun Multi drone itu hancur saling pelindung barier serta bidikan mereka berdua yang tidak meleset. Segenap misil Lars lebah madu yang menerjang sekuncup bunga, puluhan misil terbang ke arah Vanders yang masih dalam satu garis lurus. Namun hal itu belum cukup untuk menjatuhkan Jet Vanders dari langit merah³.Kemampuan persepsi waktu Jet Vanders yang sanggup menangkis semua drone tersebut. Unitnya berputar seperti elang dipadukan alunan tembakan senapan mesinnya yang melajur memutar seperti dirinya. Ketepatan tembakannya, berhasil menjatuhkan drone banyak yang lolos tetap dengan putarannya tidak ada satu pun yang menari bersama puluhan drone itu. Lepas ia dari drone, kini waktunya bagi Vanders ini, ia sudah menyiapkan meriam utamanya yang terletak di bawah pesawat dekat blok mesin utama. \"Tunjukan aku kepakkan sayap kalian!\" Meriam itu melesat layaknya kilatan halilintar di malam hari, bewarna cepat ia melesat, Lars sampai tidak sempat sayap kirinya terkena tembakan sasaran, untuk menjaga kesembingan ia melepas kargo mesin di sayap kiri. \"Sial, jadi itu sayap Rajawali!\" Geram Letnan Lars. Di posisinya itu, Lars menungkik tajam sehingga unitnya hampir berhenti melewatinya tampa sempat terjadi begitu Vanders sadar, Lars telah berada di belakangnya. Sekali lagi, Letnan Lars meluncurkan drone- nya Artileri NAO breankent, tidak terlalu panjang namun multi meluncur lebih gesit dan lebih tangguh. Tak sempat mengelak atau sinilah rekan Vanders ambil memotong lajur NAO drone milik Lars dengan senapan drone itu tiada yang sempat menggores Si Rajawali. Lantas dia memotong pergerakan duel itu pun bunyar berdua saling berpaprasan bergerak unit tersebut tetap bergerak ketiga arah yang formasi segitiga yang terus melebar. \"Namaku Gibran dari Rich Altard, Kesatria Putih dari Langit Cluster .\" Kali ini, rekan Vanders yang unjuk bicara. \"Aku adalah seorang kesatria, aku berjuang demi angin yang akan berhembus dilangit air yang telah kalian nodai, demi tanah yang telah kalian kobaran api yang masih membara! \"Kami, yang menyebut diri kami sebagai menghabisi kalian semua, Neiwa!\" Ia memang masih tiada keraguan di dalam Vanders, 'Seorang kesatria tak akan pernah berbohong'.Adalah suatu bagian dari dirinya, dan disisi lain, ia cukup terkenal di Neiwa. Sebagai... seorang pria idaman bagi kaum hawa? Tampan, keren, dan gagah, sudah menjadi gadis yang meski ia adalah seorang kesatria, tetap sama saja. Tapi cinta, semua kesatria Altard percaya bahwa ia tak akan bisa bertahan di medan perang. Cinta itu lemah. Karena itu ia bukanlah bagian dari kesatria. Namun, duel antara mereka masih belum dan Lars memutar balik Vanders yang akan memutar cepat sebuah unit muncul dari atas orenge dengan kelas VF 13D, unit yang sama dengan Letnan Dua Lars. Seperti komet, ia datang dengan cahaya bersinar darinya melewati gumpalan awan mata tertuju padanya, kecuali medan perang di geladak Kapal Legacy. \"Reven one, engaging!\" Pergerakan Vanders langsung berubah terbang menuju ke Si Reven One tersiak senang melihat kehadirannya. \"Nicholas.\" Kata Vanders. \"Ayo duel, Vanders!\" Tantang Si pilot Reven One. Duel antara mereka pun terjadi, antara Vanders dengan mereka terbang bisa melihat cara terbang yang berbeda dari atasannya, kini menjadi lebih keras bak garuda menembus langit. Tak kalah Nicholas, cara terbangnya menujukkan seorang caranya dapat memberikan tegangan minimun untuk , tenang, tapi sangatlah Kapten Agus jua mengakuinya, karena itu ia mendapat pangkat kapten peleton AS. \"Jaka! Maksudku, Kapten Nicholas, akhirnya kau datang juga!\" Sambut Letnan dua Lars. Melebarlah mereka, membumbung tinggi yang berhasil melakukan fold terlebih dahulu membuat Kapten Nicholas berada di posisi kurang menguntungkan. Dalam erena, mereka saling mengejar mencoba membalik buah camar berebut posisi menyilang formasi mereka pola zig-zag penuh demi tembakan terus posisinya saat ini, Nicholas kesulitan untuk membalikan posisi. Lenting dari mereka tak puas berakhir begitu terus melebarkan sayap ke tinggi lepas dari medan perang, dan disaat mencapai titik unit mereka mengalami kegagalan mereka bersamaan jatuh dari langit. Namun, sepertinya mereka memang telah siap. \"Sayap yang indah, Nicholas?\" Lebih aneh, dalam posisi tersebut masih sempat mereka berbicara dengan pasti tahu pesawat mereka tengah terjun bebas ke laut lepas. \"Mari kita lihat, kemampuan kepakkan sayapmu setelah sekian lama!\" Jawab Nicholas berlagak keren. Satu hantaman kedua kapal itu sudah mengalami kerusakan saling menghimpit, mencoba mengalahkan kekuatan saat kedua kapal benar kehilangan prajurit yang menunggu sedari tadi mendapat waktu juga. Persis seperti aksi para semua saling lompat ke kapal lawan berhadapan langsung layaknya para kekuatan, dalam jarak itu tidak ada baku -orang berhamburan di dek kapal. Sayap yang haus akan darah. Seperti brigade semut yang menyerbu segunung gula. Senjata di keluarkan kecuali senjata ada adalah sejenis benda era dahulu kini kembali dihidupkan meski banyaknya kemajuan teknologi di massa kini. Adu pedang, saling tebas, porak poranda semua. Seorang kesatria sejati takkan pernah ragu untuk tumbang di langit merah. Letnan Joki tetap bertahan di pusat komando, menjaga kontrol kemudi kapal dari para kru navigator dan nahkodanya telah tersisa ia sendiri. Sedangkan sang Nahkoda Rid Viarida dari Kapal Nenwich tengah sibuk melapor pada Penasehat Raja Cluster Yang Mulia Samda Reman Siaril , Nan Dares Khinose. \"Tuan Dares, semua persiapannya telah selesai.\" Begitulah kata Rid menatap proyeksi hologram sang penasehat Raja Siaril. \"Bagaimana dengan armada kita?\" \"Semua masih dalam rencana saya.\" \"Jika begitu, lakukan dengan Langit Cluster yang bercahaya!\" \"Demi Langit Cluster yang bercahaya.\" \"LEDAKAN!\" Meledaklah pintu pertahanan pusat kemudi Kapal agensi Nenwich masuk dan mengepung setiap sudut lengkap, tak ada yang bisa mereka pencahayaan telah mati, detektor tidak menunjukkan keberadaan itu telah kosong terlebih dahulu. \"Komandan, sepertinya tidak ada musuh disini!\" \"Periksa lebih cekatan lagi!\" \"Siap!\" Perlahan mereka beraksi, tetap tak ada tanda dari saja, semua yang ada disana adalah seperangkat alat dan navigasi ada tanda kekerasan. Namun... \"Apa itu!\" Pergerakan misterius muncul di barisan sorot cahaya senter mencoba sejenak, nafas sesak pun -tiba timbul percikan api dari langit ruangan yang membuat seluruh sorot cahaya senter kehilangan daya. Ia seperti angin... bergerak tampa orang sadari. Hal misterius terjadi, satu demi agensi Nenwich tergelam dalam halusnya, si komandan regu sampai tak orang telah hilang dan baru ia sadar. \"Semuanya berkumpul! Formasi circle!\" Walau mereka merapat, tetap pergerakan musuh tak keadaan yang semakin terdesak si komandan melepaskan tembakan brutal ke penjuru semua yang ia rasa bergerak. Saat seseorang merebut senjatanya dalam cahaya ruang ia mengetahui telah ada seseorang yang di mata cokelat gelap dan tajam seperti harimau, ialah Sang Letnan Satu Joki. \"Joki Munfahir, Sang Brigadir Aries?\" Letnan masih nenatap tajam. Menyadari hal lain di komandan sontak terkejut melihat jasad pasukannya tumbang keseluruhan. \"Jadi itu kau, Letnan?\" \"Inilah langit merahmu.\" \"Apa maksudmu?\" Letnan Joki lantas berbalik tak mengidahkan lagi orang tersebut. \"Ingatlah, ialah keabadian.\" Di tinggalkanlah pergi ia. Belum jauh Letnan melangkah, sang komandan menarik pisau dari balik ia melempar pisau itu kepada sang letnan. \"Mati kau, Joki! AAAARRKKK!\" Belum sempat ia melempar. Sebuah belati terlebih dahulu menamcap di bahu meronta-ronta kesakitan, tahu akan letnan dengan cepat melempar belatinya sebelum sang komandan, inilah yang terjadi. KEPARAT! Kembali pada duel Nicholas dan masih dalam posisi terjatuh, dan masih tetap santai saja. \"Ini bukan cara kita, akan kuselesaikan urusanku denganmu di bawah nanti!\" Vanders yang bicara. Serentak mereka melakukan de-shove monuver kembali mengepakan sayap di langit ini mereka merapatkan sayap, sehingga dalam jarak yang begitu akan beradu senjata. Seperti Duel of Street. \"NICHOLAS!\" Vanders disayap kiri, dan Nicholas disayap telah saling mengunci, Kedua meriam mereka juga siap. \"VANDRES!\" Satu komando, keduanya menembak dan Jet Vanders sama-sama mendapatkan kerusakan parah pada punggung unit Nicholas, yang karena duel tersebut ia mengalami kerusakan pada bagian mesin pendorong. Kebakaran hebat melanda mesin pendorong milik Nicholas. Reven One telah kehilangan kontrol jatuh tak akhirnya, ia jatuh membentur lambung Kapal Nenwich. Kapal Induk Nenwich mendapat kerusakan ketika pesawat Nicholas kebocoran pada lambung kapal serta hilangnya daya di mesin sayap kiri yang ia tabrak. Untungnya, drogue masih unit jatuh ke laut bebas kokpit pesawat telah melontarkan sang pilot. Nicholas berhasil selamat dari hantaman, namun entah dengan Jet Vanders. Drogue membawa dirinya mendarat di meriam alpha Nenwich, terletak di ujung depan di atas arena landasan terbang sebuah lingkaran yang melingkari emblem Kerajaan Fardigards. Cahaya mahatari semakin menghujan, rasa sedih di langit kelabu masih ia rasakan pilu yang berhilir di geladak Kapal Legacy. Serasa angin, memangsa badai yang lembut. Tebas menebas masih terjadi, areal landsan pacu pesawat Legacy telah menjadi langit itulah yang disebut kematian dirasa hal yang 'biasa'. Cucuran darah bak air kubangan, seperti titisan hujan tampa tampa henti memangsa daging yang sanggup ia , tak lebih dari kelompok kalkun yang diobrak- untuk suatu jiwa, tak lagi memiliki harga sebagai taruhan. Remehkanlah aku, namun bukan sebagai diriku. Suatu unit hitam tiba-tiba muncul dari gumpalan awan dan cahaya juga mengalami kerusakan ia masih sanggup terbang dengan kanannya terus mengepul asap. Jet Vanders... Dengan tenang ia mendarat di bagian pangkal landasan terpisah dengan Nicholas. Turunlah Vanders sambil mengemgam sebuah sadis miliknya ia yang masih muda seperti orang barat, kurang lebih setara dengan hitam potongan khas seorang The Winter Soldier. \"Sudah lama sekali, Nicholas!\" Nicholas lalu meletakkan tangan kananya tepat di mencoba mengatur nafasnya yang tidak karuan, dan setelah itu ia sedikit menudukkan kepalanya. Hm, cara memberi hormat khas kesatria. Vanders turut melakukan hal yang sama. Dalam hentakan keras ke sudut samping melurus, mendadak tangan Nicholas telah menggemgam sebuah pedang, persis seperti sulap. Lantas ia memasang kuda-kuda, ke dua kakinya melebar kuat, mata pedangnya ia hadapkan ke Vanders. \"Ayo kita mulai, Vanders!\" \"Memang benar!\" Jet Vanders menghumuskan pedang darinya tidak membuat Nicholas cepat ia lagi Vanders menghumus dari arah yang tetap sanggup untuk menangkisnya. \"Nicholas! Apa cuma ini kemampuanmu?\" Nicholas kini yang maju, di serangnya Vanders Dengan membabi pedang makin seimbang mereka terus tebasan melayang dari satu pun yang lolos. Nicholas semakin geram, tapi ia telah mencapai -sentakan pedang darinya terus gerakannya yang menyadari itu, tetap membiarkannya bermain. Ada yang tak beres. Dengan tangan kirinya, ia halau tebasan terakhir dengan tangan kiri, tangan Vanders yang sekeras besi kuat menahan pedang Nicholas tampa lecet. Mereka saling menatap tajam bertahan di deras Nicholas terus mengalir. Bukanlah ketakutan yang menghantuinya. \"Apa kau paham rasa sakit kami, hah? Nicholas!\" Suara Vanders begitu membara. Ia hentak Nicholas dengan satu dorongan yang membuat pedangnya terlempar dari tangan. \"Kami merasakan rasa sakit yang sama seperti perang ini...\" Belum selesai Nicholas bicara. \"Lebih dari itu, Nicholas! Kalianlah yang menodai Langit Cluster, kalian yang merampok harta belum apa-apa,\" Saat itulah, mereka mulai berjalan melingkar. \"6 Agustus 1.216, tentu kau ingat tragedi 'cahaya nereka' di San EBI, bukan? Di saat sayap kami telah meringkuk, kami kira kalian masih mempunyai etika kesatria.\" \"Apa yang kau maksud?\" Nicholas bertanya. \"Ada banyak hal yang tidak kau ketahui, rahasia NIGS tentang Senjata Galaksi yang sudah merenggut segalanya dari kami!\" \"Diamlah, Vanders!\" Sekali lagi, Nicholas melakukan kembali caranya mengeluarkan pedang pertama sehingga munculah pedang pertama menyentak Nicholas dengan keadaannya masih sama. Duel masih berlanjut, saat Nicholas kehilangan titik mengambil kesempatan untuk memjegal ia di ia bangun, mata pedang milik Vanders terlebih dahulu menghadangnya. \"Sudah lama tidak berduel denganmu, sepertinya sayapmu semakin tandas, Nicholas!\" \"Aku rasa, sayapku masih jika kau merasa kalau begitu!\" Nadanya terasa menghina. Terhina atau tidak, entah kenapa Vanders lantas berbalik dan melipat berjalan sampai di bibir langit merah di geladak Kapal Legacy. \"Nicholas, Bagaimana kabar putramu?\" \"Hah?\" Setiap detiknya keadaan di geladak kapal Lagecy terus para Pejuang yang tewas terus merah telah berubah menjadi lautan merah. Langit kelabu lambang kesedihan. Sepertinya mata Vanders tidak terganggu melihat pemandangan mengenaskan itu. \"Lihatlah itu, percaya separuh lebih pejuang disana memiliki keluarga yang menunggunya seperti aku... \"Dulu, aku juga memiliki keluarga, keluarga yang utuh beserta seorang marinir kecilku yang bernama itu, 9 Agustus 1.221 AM, aku berjanji pada Marc untuk mengajaknya pergi membeli topi baru di malam , seharusnya aku tidak berjanji pada putraku karena pada pagi hari itu juga aku dikirim ke Ragh'ma.\" Nicholas berdiri memperhatikan cerita Vanders di tengah landasan. \"Sore harinya, Marc menelponku dan bertanya, ' Kenapa ayah tidak segera pulang?' . Namun aku tidak takut dia banyak yang aku ingat aku masih ingat ucapannya itu.' Ayah jahat... ' \"Lalu ia pergi meninggalkan teleponnya itu aku sadar bahwa aku ayah yang rasa kebahagiaan sejati seorang ayah adalah melihat kebahagiaan kan, Nicholas?\" Sekilas ia menatap Nicholas, terlihat ada yang berbeda dari semua aurora dinginnya itu luluh bersama ceritanya. Nicholas hanya bisa menunduk. Memang benar... \"Beberapa saat mendengar suara teriakan dari kira ada kebakaran, kucoba memanggil-manggil Marc, tidak ada , sambungan teleponnya terputus. \"Enam hari sesudahnya, aku mendengar tentang penyerangan aku putuskan untuk bergegas pulang dengan harapan keluargaku masih selamat. \"Namun, terlambat sudah telah bersemayang, kecuali Marc saat aku mencarinya direruntuhan menemukannya dengan topi lamanya masih ia telah tiada, Nicholas.\" \"Lantas aku teringat, janji terakhirku pada setiap tanggal 9 Agustus, aku menghadiahkan sebuah topi baru di topinya aku berharap, bahwa pada hari itu aku mampu untuk membelikannya topi yang ia minta. \"Semoga, Marc tidak pernah menyesal memiliki ayah seperti aku ini. \"Dari situlah aku memutuskan untuk berjuang menghabisi Neiwa menjadi negara adi kuasa di lantas lupa dengan masa Altard-lah yang selalu mengulurkan tangan kami demi rakyat hingga sekarang. \"Lihatlah itu, membentuk NIGS hanya untuk memperalat yang banyak anak dan istri yang kehilangan ayah? Brapa banyak ayah yang kehilangan keluarganya?! \"Tidak, tidak akan kubiarkan lagi Penduduk Altard merasakan apa yang aku sendiri yakin marinir kecilmu juga menunggu di rumah, Nicholas.\" Nicholas terisak kaget. \"Sejak Perang Masehi ini memang sudah membangun kehidupan umat manusia kembali kita harus menciptakan dunia yang damai, dunia tampa tujuan kami sebagai Baret Putih.\" Ia buang masih berdiri tegar menatap tatap sempat aura Vanders yang asli muncul, dan situasi kembali seperti sebelumnya. \"Maaf Vanders, tapi tujuanku bukanlah sekedar menciptakan perdamaian adalah para kesatria, kami berjuang untuk melindungi apa yang kami sebut keluarga.\" \"Sekali lagi akan kutanyakan, berapa lama waktu yang kau sisihkan untuk keluargamu? Berapa besar cintamu terhadap mereka? Apa perlu tanda tanya untuk melihat cintamu kepada mereka setelah banyak waktu untuk keluargamu yang kau buang, Nicholas?\" Nicholas menghela nafas sejenak. \"Pahamilah Vanders, ayah dan ibu ialah keluarga, anak dan istri adalah keluarga, teman-teman ialah keluarga, mereka yang gugur terhormat disana adalah keluarga, tanah air ialah keluarga, seluruh manusia adalah, keluargaku. \"Keluarga, ialah tempat untuk aku takkan pulang jika tak sanggup untuk aku menyayangi keluargaku, sehingga akan kulindungi mereka dengan jiwaku!\" Kembali senyuman sinis Vanders muncul. \"Kau tidak akan mampu berjuang dengan ideologi itu, tidak apa-apa, karena sebentar lagi hal yang engkau sebut keluarga segera berakhir!\" \"Tak mungkin!\" Nicholas melihat suatu pesawat hitam meluncur rendah ke arah mereka, tepat di atas air garis kuning tua memanjang dari kepala hingga ekor badan, serta ia memiliki emblem Fardigards. \"Perkenalkan ia, Kesatria Putih dari Langit kananku.\" Perkenalan Vanders pada Nicholas. Suatu misil besar yang dibawanya di perut kapal kelihatannya telah siap meluncur, mungkin artileri terus bergerak ke arahnya semakin cepat. \"Demi Langit Cluster yang bercahaya!\" Kata sang pilot pesawat. Sayap yang pincang Di susul meluncurnya artileri jatukan ia ke dalam air dan melesat ia di cepat bak ikan hiu menerkam mangsa, serta mangsa itu adalah, Kapal Legacy. \"Gawat, masuk kapten! Kapten!\" Nicholas berlari meninggalkan Vanders mencoba untuk menghubungi Kapten Agus melalui barcelt⁴. Sayap yang berubah hitam \"Percuma Nicholas! Mulai hari ini, tidak akan ada lagi kesatria yang gugur sia-sia!\" Teriak Vanders dari jauh. Sayap yang terluka... Namun, Nicholas tetap tidak terus berlari melewati landasan pacu pesawat itu. \"Kapten dengarkan aku, ada sebuah Bom Gamma tengah mendekat ke kapal, Kapten!\" Masih tiada jawaban. Para pejuang di geladak Kapal Legacy yang tahu tentang misil itu langsung berhamburan terjun ke air dari pihak sekutu atau lawan, mereka sama takutnya dengan Bom Gamma. Tak ada hakikat lainnya selain tumbang Terlalu cepat artileri tersebut jika semua orang ingin selamat. Apakah ini akhirnya... Maka, dihantamlah lambung depan Kapal Gelombang Nova hijau membumbung dan menghancurkan dek-dek kekacauan di sana, ledakan demi ledakan muncul membuat kapal kan perlahan yang terkena radiasi atileri langsung tewas menjadi tumpukan abu. Terlalu sakit untuk terucap. Sebelum langit merah runtuh? Namun, berbeda dengan kapal Gamma sepertinya tidak mampu barrier padat menyelubungi dirinya, suatu yang amat radiasi menyentuhnya, baru ia dapat di lihat dengan mata telanjang. Disisi lain... \"Disini Mayor komandan, saya tetap tidak bisa menekankan korban 72% pasukan kita berhasil selamat.\" \"Disini kapten regu mesin, poros pendorong siap beroprasi komandan.\" \"Komandan, semua persiapan telah selesai, kapal siap berangkat!' Kokpit satu Kapal Induk Nenwich Cluster, setelah kakacauan Nahkoda Rid Viarida Carlos kembali melapor pada Penasehat Raja Samda Reman Siaril, Nan Dares Khinose. \"Tuan, Garuda Sakti memiliki pioritas utama pada ship's mast. Sehingga kita belum bisa melancarkan arus ketiga untuk saat ini.\" Jelas Nahkoda Rid. \"Namun pasukan kita baik-baik saja, bukan?' \"Benar tuan, semua masih dalam kendali saya!\" \"Baiklah, tarik seluruh batalkan arus ketiga, yang terpenting bagi Yang Mulia Siaril adalah keselamatan orang-orang kita!\" \"Baik, tuan!\" Mungkin ia yang disebut 'kiamat'. Beberapa hari kemudian... Istana Fardigards Cluster, Altard. Inilah Langit Cluster yang orang luar bicarakan, sebuah hamparan langit kelabu yang selalu tertutup oleh awan jarang cahaya matahari menipa tanah disana. Tanah Altard memang berbukit-bukit, di penuhi pegunungan batu menjulang itu, sampai Istana negara didirikan di tepi suatu selimut hijau membentang subur seperti stepa dan hutan. Meski begitu, tanah di Altard tetaplah salah satu daratan termaju seribu satu stepa ini memiliki wilayah perkebunan yang amat luas, hampir meliputi sepertiga tanah kebun pir, yang menaikkan kualitas ekonomi penduduk. Sama dengan yang ada di sekitar istana, ratusan hektar kebun pir milik penduduk sekitar melaut serta kebun-kebun lainnya mengitari bulan ini, terlihat perkebunan itu sudah siap pemilik kebun juga terlihat baru giat-giatnya merawat kebun mereka. \"Kakak, ibu, lihat! Kesatria Cahaya telah kembali!\" Seorang perempuan kecil bersorak-sorak girang saat melihat kelompok Unit Darken melintas diatas terus melambai-lambaikan tangan kepada mereka. Seorang dari mereka pun membalas, si pilot dari Darken bergaris ungu dari kepala hingga ke ekor. \"Hei Ketto, fokus pada jalurnya!\" Bentak si pilot lainnya, dengan Unit Darken bergaris hijau daun. \"Iya, iya! Dasar, apa kau ini tidak pernah menjadi anak-anak, Straider?\" \"Sudahlah kawan-kawan, lebih baik kita bicara di pangkalan saja!\" Lagi, salah satu pilot unjuk bicara, dengan bergariskan warna hijau tua pada unitnya. \"Baiklah, Kapten David!\" Si Straider hanya diam. Istana Fardigards mulai tampak dari berbeda dengan istana lainnya, mungkin terlihat lebih modern dari putih kelabu polos yang ada menara runcing menjulang, agak ke perpustakaan megah. Aturan pertama... Seorang kesatria berjalan atas kehormatan.' Di pelataran istana, belasan peti mati yang siap di antarkan kepada peristirahatan terakhir berjajar rapi petinya terdapat foto, dan nama orang pengawal kerajaan beserta Brigade Kesatria Cahaya, ikut serta dalam upacara terakhir ini. Berjalan dengan kaki yang ia seret Prisai yang telah tergores, Putri Aqila, Penasehat lstana Nan Dares Khinose, Menteri Pertahanan Rid Viarida Carlos, Sang Rajawali Wilcon Jet Vanders yang juga merangkap sebagai pengawal pribadi putri kerajaan, serta pelayan pribadi Putri Aqila, berada di plafon khusus memdampingi Baginda Raja Samda Reman Siaril. Tampa keluh... Hingga langit ini bersorak-sorak \"BERJUANGLAH!\" Banyaknya kesatria yang gugur, tentu kan banyak memicu air mata yang banyak untuk dirasakan orang bagaimana hati manusia di peras demi memenuhi sebuah cangkir. Tapi untuk apa? Demi siapa? Apa demi keluarga? Atau demi tanah airnya? Bahkan untuk yang tiada artinya Suatu sayatan utuh yang nyata, di mana ia akan melintang di hati rangkaian yang suatu yang benar perih, tapi jangan remehkan dia, sebagai kenangan. Sayapnya semakin tandas Daun yang kering bukan artinya ia di sisi yang dalam, tentu ia akan terluka jika ia mata memang bukan kesatria, tapi bukan berarti ia seperti daun yang kering. Jika, ada yang pantas ia perjuangkan. Mungkin yang terlalu manusia rindukan. \"Beri hormat untuk para pejuang kita yang gugur demi tanah air!\" Nan Dares Khinose, berteriak dengan lantang kepada seluruh pasukannya. Apakah ia Kedamaian? Usai upacara penghormatan, para sanak saudara di beri kesempatan untuk mengucapkan kata terakhir kepada sang satunya orang ini, pria bertubuh besar tegap dengan kulit putih. \"Komandan Sarg, anda adalah instruktur terbaik bagi kasih atas pengorbanan anda demi mendidik kenapa komandan harus gugur di tangan...\" Pria itu lalu menghapus air matanya, ia kembali menyiapkan dirinya, dan memberi hormat. \"Saya Randalf Lainers Kenzo, semoga komandan tenang bersama Cahaya Cluster!\" Dan masih banyak yang lain. \"Maaf tuan, reaktor tenaga kiri anda mengalami sementara, Darken ini tak bisa untuk beroprasi!\" Kata salah satu mekanik. Jet Vanders bersama Gibran sedang berada di bangsal banyak Darken antaranya milik Vanders yang baru diperbaiki. \"Gibran,\" Vanders mulai berbicara padanya. \"Siap!\" \"Lain kali, jangan pernah lakukan blocking seperti tadi, itu membuat sayap kirimu megalami gangguan , tandukmu masih terlalu biru untuk bertahan di langit merah.\" Tegur Jet Vanders dengan kejinya. Ia lantas berlalu meninggalkan ia berlalu lebih jauh, ia terhenti sejenak. \"Tapi, sayapmu masih seperti milikku yang menghitam, karena itu jaga dirimu dengan baik, Gino.\" Terasa kaget Gibran mendengar kalimat barusan. Vanders kembali berlalu. Banyak warga mengantri jatah bantuan bahan makanan pokok di rupa mereka berbeda, mereka semua tetap terlihat sama, kondisinya sangat compang-camping dan badan mereka pioritas kurus. Karena itu, Falkan, Bag, dan ada di desa untuk mengirim pasokan belum cukup, ya setidaknya masih ada yang dapat di kain putih, itu mereka bagikan satu per satu kepada penduduk. \"Terima kasih banyak, Tuan Kesatria Cahaya.\" \"Tidak masalah, ini memang sudah tugas kami!\" Antrian hilir berganti, seorang gadis kecil dengan mantel rombeng menyelimuti dirinya Falkan tak segera memberikan apa yang ia antrikan. \"Zera!\" Sontak Falkan tergejut. Marcus langsung membawanya keluar antrian. \"Zera, kenapa kau sampai ada di sini? Bukankah kebutuhanmu masih dijamin langsung oleh istana?\" \"Masih, kak.\" \"Lalu?\" \"Sebenarnya, aku ingin kakakku baik-baik saja?\" \"Tentu masih! Memangnya ada apa, Zera?\" \"Kakak sampai sekarang masih belum pulang ke aku cemas, kak.\" Dengan lembut, Marcus membelai rambut Zera. \"Mungkin ia belum punya waktu, nanti pasti aku tegur , aku yakin Ketto takkan lupa dengan adik cantiknya yang satu ini!\" Sepintas rasa gelisah Zera hilang. \"Sungguh?\" \"Aku punya sembilan jari tangan jika kau masih ragu!\" Gurau Marcus. Timbulah sepucuk senyuman pada muka manis Zera. \"Sekarang, Zera tidak cemas lagi kan? Lebih baik Zera menunggunya di rumah, mungkin ia baru saja pulang dan menunggumu!\" \"Baiklah, Zera pamit dulu ya kak!\" Ia berlari pergi sambil melambai-lambaikan tangan mungilnya. Marcus tersenyum, cukup jarang juga ia memang jika bertemu manis gadis kecil itu lebih manis daripada sari lakunya terkadang bisa membawa keceriaan, sangat mirip dengan kakaknya Ketto. \"Hai Bag, aku lihat si tukang bual itu memang sangat masih memiliki adik yang amat selalu mencemaskanya. \"Aku jadi teringat kakakku, dulu ia pernah ingin menebas leherku hanya karena sebuah paha rusa.\" Ia tertawa mendengar kalimatnya sendiri. \"Ya, tapi memang saat itu adalah massa tersulit untuk telah merampas cahaya pada langit menebar kisah bohong demi menjatuhkan Yang , sudah berakhir sejak hari itu.\" Tambah Marcus. \"Karena itu, kebenaran sejati harus berdiri diatas Cahaya Agung!\" Falkan ikut menyahut. \"Benar,\" Di barak kesatria, Wiki, Nehran, dan tidur di kasur Straider, ia masih berdiri di tengah perkebunan ditemani sebuah pohon pir yang tumbuh kerdil, terasingkan dari pohon lain. \"Hai, Straider! Kurasa aku masih harus bertanya tentang massa kecilmu!\" Tiba-tiba Ketto menyambar dari belakang. \"Straider, Apa kau tuli!\" Suaranya makin menyolot. Straider tetap diam. \"Diamlah Ket, apa kau juga tuli? Ia sekarang baru berdoa.\" Berel menyahuti. \"Berdoa? Jadi ia sedang merenung?\" \"Ket, lihatlah pohon pir ini.\" Straider mulai bicara. \"Memangnya kenapa?\" \"Pohon ini, mengingatkanku pada tanah air kecil, tapi ia sendiri, tapi tetap berdiri dengan kakinya sendiri.\" Berel kini memperhatikannya. \"Namun kenapa, ia harus berada ia tak pantas mendapatkan memiliki banyak buah pir yang manis, batangnya juga kau tahu kenapa, ketto? Setiap hari, aku kesini untuk mencari jawabannya.\" Mungkin ini yang bisa membungkam Ketto. Angin berhembus sebentar, sebelum dedaunan kering pohon pir yang cukup kuat, sehingga satu buah pir dari pohon kerdil itu anginnya tenang, Straider beranjak mengambil pir tersebut, dan ia pun menghampiri kedua temanya tadi. Di bawah pohon pir besar, Berel beranjak bangun batang yang ia bertiga terdiam saling terlihat yang paling sedih. Tak berapa lama kemudian, Falkan, Bag, Marcus, Wiki, Nehran, dan menghampiri, mereka berenam memakai setelan seragam hitam putih yang sama, termasuk Berel, Straider, serta Ketto. \"Hei semuanya, apa yang kalian lakukan disini? Seharusnya kalian istirahat di barak.\" Kata Berel. \"Ku dengar kalian masih berjaga, makanya kami kemari untuk menemani kalian!\" Roky menjawab. \"Tak perlu repot-repot.\" Tiba-tiba Ketto berjalan pergi keluar hanya menatap bingung melihat muka datar di wajahnya, tak biasanya ia ia yang paling aneh kelakuannya di antara semua. \"Ketto?\" Berdiri ia menatap Istana Fardigards yang berada jauh di pinggir tebing. \"Menurut kalian, kapan Langit Cluster akan indah bercahaya seperti dulu lagi?\" Ketto kembali berbicara, tidak ada yang menjawabnya. \"Sejak Neiwa mengotori tanah air dengan ini mulai kehilangan banyak yang berubah sejak -anak tidak diperbolehkan lagi bermain di kebun istana. \"Padahal, aku sangat menyukai bisa membuatku kembali senang setelah kembali dari langit juga yang akan menjadi penerus kita di masa bukan sebagai kesatria. \"Sudah lama sekali saat terakhir kali aku melihat cahaya pada Langit Cluster, adikku sama merindunya dengan saat nanti, akan aku hapuskan kegelapan yang menyelimuti Altard ini!\" Hening... Ketto belum memalingkan matanya pada istana, dan sebuah tangan menghentak , dengan raut muka bersahabat ia tampilkan senyuman kepada Marcus masih menggenggam pundakya. \"Kami juga, langit ini menghitam, hati kami juga turut seperti sayap Sang Rajawali, kami tidak akan berhenti berjuang sebelum Neiwa paham atas luka yang kita , kawan-kawan?\" \"Tentu!\" Wiki bersorak. \"Ini adalah etika kita sebagai kesatria.\" Sambung Bag. Perlahan, Senyum di wajah Ketto kembali, yang lain pun ikut Marcus. \"Terima kasih, kawan-kawan!\" Kota Are Keil, Kepulauan Timur Dorja. Taman Kota Keil Heavens. Langit yang indah, penuh awan diselangi kilauan cahaya mentari suara tawa selalu menyelimuti tempat bukanlah suatu surga, tapi segala keceriaan terus berjolak bersama senyuman bahagia anak-anak. Angin tak memangsa disini, bukan hanya rumput hijau amat bersahabat dengan para pengunjung -anak mampu berlari bebas di bawah naungan pohon, tampa luruh dalam senandung angin. Sungguh angin yang dirindukan. Anggap saja sebagai taman pada umumnya, ada banyak tikar dilembar bebaskan ditanah dan bersama, keluarga menikmati roti dengan -anak berterbangan bagai ia burung tampa pengait, serta ratusan dua buah tangan saling erat menggenggam. Keceriaan seorang anak tidak akan pernah hilang selama ia tetap mereka, sekelompok anak kecil yang bermain lepas di pilot terbang pada pesawat-pesawat dua orang kakak, satu pria satu lagi perempuan. Mereka bermain dengan segenap -anak terbang diatas panggulan si kakak merasakan angin bebas bersemilir di si kakak perempuan, ia bermain bersama pesawat kertas kecil tersenyum melihat senyuman anak-anak. Apa yang perlu dilupakan? \"Kak, kenapa sahabat kakak yang satu lagi tidak mau ikut bermain?\" Tanya salah satu anak serambi menunjuk seorang perempuan kepada si pria. \"Dia? Ah, tidak usah dulu ia memang kaku seperti itu!\" Katanya. \"Ayo kak! Ajak ia ikut kemari, atau jangan-jangan kakak malu, ya?\" Tanya si bocah sedikit menggoda. Si kakak cuma tersenyum kecil, ia lalu melepas dan mengelap lensa kacamatanya sebelum beranjak berdiri. \"Apa kakak kelihatan pemalu?\" Ia pun berjalan mendekati gadis tadi yang duduk santai di bawah akar ia sedang sibuk dengan l-phone miliknya, muka serius ia kurang bersahabat. \"Hai! Je! Ayo ikut kumpul!\" Teriak si pria tadi yang terus melangkah mendekatinya. Si Je, si gadis bawah pohon si pria dari ujung sepatu ketsnya hingga ke atas dengannya, si pria terasa jauh lebih murah senyum daripada hitam di lapisi kacamata, rambut hitam pendek, dan ada suatu ikat kepala biru melingkar di kepala. \"Re, kau ingat tujuan kita kesini?\" Tanya si Je. Pria itu telah berdiri dihadapannya, memandangi dirinya dengan ia mengulurkan tangan bermaksud membantunya berdiri. \"Tentu!\" Kapal Induk Legacy Aries 2. Pasukan Danz Divisi ke-44 Legacy Bravo 097. Imanuel, Je, dan Re, teman si Je menghadap kepada Kapten Kriztian, Kapten dari Beta AS yang sekaligus menjabat sebagai wakil lnspektur AS peleton. Mereka semua berada di bangsal trasmisi, garasi masal untuk pasukan Kavaleri unit Je yang memiliki corak merah, kelas VF-13D. Imanuel, Je, dan Re, masih dalam posisi siap berderet rapi menunggu sang terus saja memandangi tabletnya dengan serius. \"Delta AS,\" \"Siap, pak!\" Mereka bertiga menjawab serentak. \"Menurut laporan Letnan Dua tengah melakukan aktifitas blok limitatif di lalu mereka menyerang Kapal Induk Legacy Aries Tiga di sekarang, Kapten Nicholas dan Letnan Joki Brigadir Aries masih bertahan ini, kalian akan dikirim ke wilayah Are Keil, kalian adalah misi agregasi.\" \"Oh ya kapten, bagaimana kondisi Kapten Jaka?\" Sela Re. \"Siapa?\" \"Hah, maksudku Kapten Nicholas, kapten kami!\" \"Dia, aku yakin dia pasti baik-baik ia itu orang yang hebat!\" Re hanya tersenyum tawar. \"Mei Jend. Aries, aku ingin kau menemani Sersan Satu Kirana, sekarang ia masih dalam misi ekspedisi.\" \"Tunggu dulu! Ada apa dengan Fuji dan Andra?\" Lagi-lagi Re menyela. \"Mereka tertangkap oleh Dorja sebagai tenanglah, Letnan Dua Lars telah itu, kau Je yang akan menemaninya dalam misi. \"Kopral Dua Imanuel, apa kau mampu menerobos Cyber Dorja?\" \"Akan saya usahakan kapten, tak ada cyber yang mampu bertahan dari hacker seperti saya!\" Jawabnya. \"Baguslah, karena tugasmu adalah sebagai bala bantuan dalam misi penyusupan Kapten Nicholas dan Letnan Joki di Pulau hacker sepertimu akan berguna bagi mereka.\" \"Siap, Kapten!\" \"Lalu kau, Sersan Dua Setya tugasmulah yang paling berat.\" Re terlihat semakin serius. \"Santai saja Re, meski sulit, ia adalah misi yang paling cepat selama kau belum beroprasi penuh, kau boleh menemani Je, bukannya kalian suka itu?\" Huek! Rasanya Je ingin muntah. \"Ah, sudahlah! Sebenarnya apa tugasku?\" \"Tugasmu adalah menghentikan kurir dari Baret Putih yang akan mengantarkan suatu paket kurir tersebut ialah... Gibran.\" Terkejut Re mendengarnya. \"Gino...\" \"Kita sekarang masih bertugas.\" Kata Je. Kembali ke taman, mereka lanjut memperhatikan Kirana, teman Re yang bermain dengan seperti sebutannya, sersan diperhatikan hanya akan tampak seorang gadis tujuh belasan yang memiliki rambut pirang panjang hingga kelutut serta berbadankan tinggi. \"Ia dewasa sekali ya, Re?\" Je membuka mulut. \"Apa kau bilang?\" Bukannya tidak dengar, namun Re merasa tidak percaya dengan telinganya sendiri. \"Aku sendiri juga tidak percaya jika ia masih bisa tersenyum setelah semua terus menunjukanku hal-hal baru yang tak termasuk dalam juga selalu berkata, bahwa dia ingin melihat senyumanku yang mempercayaimu, Re, dan dia...\" Angin bersemilir pelan, mengalun menggugurkan dedaunan pohon di atas terus memandang Kirana dari jauh, tampa suatu kata kan keluar dari bibirnya. Akankah kau bisa mendengarku, Re? \"Jangan sia-siakan waktumu, sukar dipercaya bahwa ia adalah seorang buruk masa lalu telah menuntunnya sejauh itulah aku, kau, dia, lmanuel, dan disini untuk membangun masa depan yang lebih terang.\" Ungkap Re mencoba menenangkan lebih baik melihat Je yang dingin daripada Je yang murung. \"Itu semua tergantung pada kita.\" Lanjut Re,\" Kita telah melewati banyak hal juga telah banyak melihat berbagai macam air mata yakin pasti ada yang berbekas pada hatimu.\" Mereka mulai berjalan-jalan mengelilingi taman, beriringan terus berhembus dan keceriaan taman masih ramai. \"Hayo!\" Kirana mengejutkan seorang anak, yang sedari tadi, cuma memperhatikan Re dan Je. \"Apa Kak Raihan sama Kak Je itu, pacaran ya kak?\" Tanya si bocah usil. \"Kalau iya, jadi kita tidak boleh menggangunya!\" Kirana lalu membawa pergi bocah itu untuk ikut bermain dengan yang lainnya. \"Lalu bagaimana menurutmu, Re?\" \"Tentang apa?\" \"Tentang Kirana, kalau tidak salah kau berteman dengannya sejak kalian kecil, bukan?\" \"Ya, sampai sekarang aku masih ingat kejadian dulu ia sama sekali tak berubah, selalu ceria, hiperaktif, pantang menyerah, dan ia selalu terlihat...\" \"Terlihat apa?\" Sergap Je penasaran. \"Terlihat, seperti orang yang tidak memiliki selalu tersenyum meski apapun itulah aku selalu merasa nyaman rasa andai semua orang sama seperti dia, pasti semua kegilaan ini tidak akan pernah terjadi.\" \"Pasti?\" \"Pasti! Percayalah padaku Je, memang aku tidak sehebat dirimu, dan aku juga selalu kalah suatu saat nanti, Raihan yang kau kenal pasti akan ciptakan kedamaian untuk semua orang.\" \"Begitukah?\" Tersenyum hampa si Je. Akhirnya mereka berhenti berjalan. \"Semoga saja, MJ!\" \"Bukan itu yang aku maksud.\" Lirih Je berkata. \"Maksudmu?\" Je hanya diam, sebenarnya Re juga tahu bahwa bukan itu yang ingin Je katakan. Tapi apa itu? \"Hai! Kak Re! MJ! Ayo kemari!\" Teriak Kirana yang ada di tengah kerumunan anak-anak. \"Ra! Kemarilah sebentar!\" Balas teriak Re. Kirana lantas berlari mendekati mereka berdua. \"Ada apa?\" \"Kemasi barangmu, Sersan Dua akan lanjutkan perjalan.\" Ucap Je, terasa kaku seperti biasa. \"Siap, Mei Jenderal Aries!\" Jawab Kirana sambil memberi hormat, niatnya cuma bercanda. Re tersenyum simpul. Gerbang perbatasan selatan Kota Are Keil, jauh Joki tengah sibuk mengamati gerbang itu dengan teleskop Imanuel serta Kapten Nicholas, mereka bersembunyi pada semak belukar di tepi hutan. Selain si lmanuel yang sibuk dengan perangkat Nicholas juga dari tadi hanya duduk diatas batu memperhatikan selembar foto. \"Bagaimana disana, Kopral Dua?\" Tanya letnan. \"Beres!\" Katanya sambil mengacungkan jempol. \"Kapten Nicholas, bagaimana menurutmu?\" Sang kapten masih diam saja. \"Jaka!\" Ulang si letnan dengan lebih keras. Sadarlah ia, \"Ya? Ada apa?\" \"Sudah saatnya, kapten.\" Sang Kapten Nicholas pun lantas mendekat pada balik semak dengan teleskop Letnan Joki, ia bisa melihat sebuah protokoler yang dijaga oleh puluhan pasukan militer bersenjatakan lengkap di tambah beberapa pasukan kavaleri ukuran kecil. \"Imanuel, tolong periksa sisi lainnya!\" Kata kapten. \"Siap!\" Berangkatlah kopral meniggalkan mereka berdua. Cukup cepat ia berlalu, namun lamunan kapten tidak secepat berlalu Joki sanggup mengetahui hal sang kapten masih bersikap wajar, tak ada yang bisa tersembunyi darinya. \"Kau teringat keluargamu lagi, Jaka?\" \"Entahlah Jo, rasanya aku telah terpengatuh oleh kalimat Vanders itu, terasa begitu nyata seperti suatu kebenaran.\" Seperti apapun keadaannya, Joki tahu satu tidak mungkin melunak pada itu artinya suatu kebenaran. \"Tidak ada yang bisa aku katakan untuk saat , jaga dirimu baik-baik, kawan kecilku.\" Sang kapten hanya mengangguk satu kali, masih terasa hampar bagi Joki. Tiba-tiba, dering nada pada barcelt sang kapten berbunyi, \"Disini Kapten Nicholas Delta, perkenalkan dirimu, prajurit!\" \"Disini Beta AS, Letnan Dua Harier Pankhas 836K Detasemen Beta melapor!\" \"Lanjutkan.\" \"Kapten, gerbang timur dan utara telah berhasil kami masih memiliki waktu tujuh menit sebelum ekspansif marinir mereka berlanjut.\" Disamping itu Letnan Joki menyibukkan dirinya dengan terus mengintai ia melirik si suram suatu kalimat tanya pada raut wajahnya. Jaka, apa menurutmu semua tentang itu salah? \"Hari, apa Sash dan Dimas baik-baik saja?\" Tapi malah si Harier tidak segera menjawab. \"Mereka baik kapten, terima kasih kerena telah bertanya.\" \"Sama-sama.\" Terakhir ia tutup komunikasi dari barcelt -nya itu. \"Mari kita lakukan, Jo!\" \"Kau bukanlah seorang dewa, Muzuki. Bukan.\" Hitto masih menodongkan pistolnya kepada Mizuki. Tatapan dari matanya terasa sangat tajam. Namun entah bagaimana tangannya bergetar hingga ke ujung jari telunjuk. Perlahan jari telunjuk menjauh dari pelatuk yang ia genggam. \"Kumohon Hitto, kau tak perlu lakukan ini!\" Suaranya lembut, Mira memohon kepada Hitto dengan tulus. Di dalam mata Hitto, jarang ia melihatnya. \"Seperti katamu, jangan pernah ","Summary":" 4 Agustus 1.223 AM, Pukul 05:00 a.m. Koor. 5-0-1-3. Zona Lepas Hardinear, Dorja. \"Falcon Three mel"},{"Movie":"World's End","Title":"Red on Blue","Author":"CrazyBeaver","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11065005","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I have nothing to say here, just needed to get this out of my system. Might be triggering, so consider yourself warned. Disclaimer: I don't own the movie or the characters. They were created by Simon Pegg and Edgar Wright. Red on Blue Red… Red something on the light-blue floor tiles. Oh, right, the brain decides, it's blood. Your blood, you fucking idiot. Right… Gary feels funny. His wrists don't hurt anymore, his arms have gone numb and heavy. His head is light, and his mind doesn't work right. Almost as if he were high. But he knows that now there are almost no drugs in his system. Almost. There must be some leftovers… from earlier. Leftovers . Left… over. He's leaving, he'll have left by the morning. And everything will be over . This doesn't make any sense. Neither did your life. Oh, right. \"Just what the fuck do you think you are doing?\" the voice is familiar. Gary recognises it at once, despite he hasn't heard it in years. He can't remember how many years though. Ten? Fifteen? Sixteen? Who cares. He's here now, that's what matters. Why is he here?... \"Andy…\" whoa. Gary didn't expect his voice to be this weak. It was hardly a voice, more of a word-shaped breath. \"Gary, what the fuck are you doing?\" Andy repeats, and Gary finally manages to move his gaze up. Andy looks just like on the night of the accident. Gary can't remember much of that night, but for years he has been having flashbacks of Andy's face flashing in the blur: so furious and scared and mad and worried and… \"This is your way out?\" Andy is literally shaking. Even his glasses seem to be giving out a fierce glint. For a brief moment Gary has a feeling that Andy can make all the bad disappear, can make things right again, just like it was before. He suddenly doesn't want to die, but Andy's here, Andy will save me, he always did . Shaking all over, Gary raises his head up to get a better look at his friend. He knew Andy would never leave him, all those years were just a mistake, a nightmare, he's back, he cares… Something is off, but Gary can't put his finger on it, and he's going numb, and he feels cold… \"Okay then, you son of a bitch,\" Andy snarls. And Gary realises – there is no worry in his voice or his face – he's just full of rage and… contempt? \"At last you will get what you deserve and stop torturing everybody around\". Gary feels colder and colder every second. The things he wanted to say to Andy, like \"Help me\" or \"I'm sorry\" ( what the fuck am I even sorry for? There is something, he does feel sorry, but he just can't remember) – all got stuck in his sore throat. Andy's voice, so young and yet so authoritative, sends even more cold down Gary's emptying veins. Something is wrong, so very wrong… He tries to reach out to his friend, to hold his hand, to make him stop saying all that, stop being angry and just pull him out of this wet blue-and-red floor… He realises he can't lift his own hand, and it only merely twitches, sending pain from the bleeding wrist in both ways to his fingertips and shoulder. \"All you ever were was a pain for everyone,\" Andy ignores the gesture and stares down at Gary, his features so fierce and angry and… young . Gary feels his eyes welling up. \"Andy…\" he can barely hear himself, partly because his voice is so weak and partly because of the ringing in his ears. He tries to take a deep breath but a violent sob doesn't let him. Everything is getting dimmer… \"At last it will be all over,\" Andy continues, in a calmer tone now. \"But at least you won't be stuck here anymore, alone in this hole. What a pathetic place. You still haven't given me my six hundred quid, by the way. And your mum was looking for you. Do you even care about anyone but yourself?\" Andy is not worried, you stupid twat. He's just plain angry. He hates you, just like the rest of the world does. And he has enough reasons for that. He's gonna be relieved with what is gonna happen. But can this be? He was my best friend, he always took care of me. Maybe… if I only just… maybe he'll listen… but it's so late… \"An-dy… I'm dying,\" Gary forces out with the last of his heavy breaths, black spots almost completely blocking his vision. For a second he forces them to subside, so that he can look at Andy again, for the one last time, even though he knows Andy will be mad at him forever now… but there is nobody there. The room is empty, apart from Gary himself. He notices the door which had been locked for hours. The floor is of an ugly mix of blue and red colours… that seems like something important, but Gary has no time to think. His eyes close, and darkness finally takes him away. The End ","Summary":" A/N: I have nothing to say here, just needed to get this out of my system. Might be triggering, so "},{"Movie":"World's End","Title":"The Blanks In The Family","Author":"Loony Loomy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10509983","Passage":"[Chapter 1] She should be happy, Sam thinks as she looks around the shack. Her and Steven have a few nice possessions between them—some gym equipment from Steve's ex, a diamond necklace, The Mermaid's sign which they had scavenged as a reminder of the beginning of their relationship, a pack of cigarettes she'd hidden in the flower pot after telling Steven she'd give up—and that's a lot more than most people had. More than that, they had each other, and the things they'd been through together cemented their relationship more than the memories they had from high school ever could have. But there was another thing that they had in common. A friend and a family member who was conspicuously absent from their lives. And they had lost so much, gained so much, that she shouldn't give him a second thought, but she misses her brother. \"But that's not Oliver. He's only a blank who lost his head in all the chaos,\" Steven reiterates to her for the fourth time. \"I'm going to go see him, talk to him, and if it doesn't work out, that's all there is to it,\" Sam says as she packs up some food and other supplies for the trek into London. \"And you're sure you want to do this? And that you don't want me to come with you?\" \"Yes, I can handle this,\" she responds before giving him a kiss and heading to the door. \"I'll get back tonight. If I see any of the other musketeers, I'll say hello for you, yeah?\" Steve just looked at her as she headed out into the wilderness. It's hard to find him, and she sees so many disheartening things on her way there—\"Blanks not allowed,\" the sad faces of those with no place to stay and no one to lean on, a human ripping off the arm of a blank and laughing at her while saying \"Need a hand?\"—that this is starting to seem like the worst idea in the world. But her resolve is strong, and she asks around for a property salesman with half a head until she's directed to a house which is only fairly dilapidated. It doesn't have any glass in the windows, so she hears the sound of her brother's voice as he explains the many advantages of the \"completely free-of-charge air-conditioning which these windows provide\". Sam waits until he's done showing the couple around and comes out of the house. She sighs at the sight of the football he's used to replace his head; it's a crippling sign that Oliver's not who he once was. Still, she calls out to him, and his smile stays on his face as he approaches her (though it wavers a bit when Sam has to put out her hand to stop him from walking into her). \"Hello there, Sam! So nice of you to come into town. Didn't get lost on any ring roads, did you?\" \"I was hoping we could talk. About…well, I'm not sure if I can bring myself to say 'being a family', but I was thinking that we could go to someplace quiet for a couple of hours.\" \"Of course we could! I know just the place,\" Oliver says as he starts jovially walking down the road. She follows, though she wasn't sure how she felt about this yet. There weren't feelings of anger, happiness, regret, she was just…blank. He describes the places they're passing as he goes, and Sam wonders whether she's currently less emotional than this alien-created being with his enhanced capacity for friendliness. It seems typical of humankind to be prejudiced and abusive to something which is programmed to cause as little trouble and ill will as possible. Eventually, they come to a small park, and Oliver sits down on a hillside with a satisfied \"Ahhhh!\" She sits next to him, and finds herself looking down at the ground rather than seeing his comical appearance as she speaks. \"How much are you like my brother? What do you know about yourself, about us?\" \"Well, I remember pelting you with water balloons one summer, your friends inviting me to your sleepover and playing a surprisingly fun game of Truth or Dare, the old house with the big garden, our beloved dog Diggy…\" he lets out a small sound of amusement as he continues, \"our terrible attempts at naming pets.\" \"No, you don't remember. You've been given those memories. Gary explained this to me—said that the Network offered to give you selective memory, the chance to only remember the things that can make you happy. Do you remember—no, have you been programmed to remember cutting my hair off and making me cry, listening to our parents arguing while we huddled in our beds and hoped that mummy and daddy would stay together, the endless amount we argued when Gary told you he slept with me?\" Oliver's smiled seemed to freeze on his face. \"W…well, you've, er, clearly not enjoyed bringing up those memories, have you?\" \"I was close to my brother! And those bad times we went through are just as important as the good times to make a family bond strong!\" She has to stop now, shaking her head before she can make herself keep on talking. \"Maybe this idea was completely terrible. Oliver's been turned into fucking compost! He's not sitting next to me here, of course he isn't. You're just a blank with a fucking idiotic football head.\" \"But I want to be your brother.\" He moves closer to her, and Sam resists shrinking away from him. \"Please. You're important to me. I know you'll say that's my programming, but it doesn't make it any less true. I'm still like him, I promise: still working as a real estate agent, mother's cottage pie is still my favourite food, still can't stand reality TV shows—not that I have to anymore. And when you and Steven want to start your own family, you'll need someone to show you where the best house is for raising the kids.\" She looks at him, and seeing his brother's smile with those cartoonish eyes topping it off makes her laugh a little. If he's been able to patch himself up, she should try to do that, too. It's a painful thought to look ahead to exactly how she can accept this replacement, and Sam knows it won't be easy, but she'll try to fill the blanks in her family. This is something that's been on my AO3 account for ages and I'd never posted it to this account, for some reason. I think I've written Sam as being too accepting too quickly, so maybe I'll rewrite it... But have it as it is for now, anyway! I've also had someone suggest I write more of their new-found familial relationship, but sadly, I haven't really had the plot bunnies for that. Anyway, enjoy! And feel free to leave constructive criticism. ","Summary":" She should be happy, Sam thinks as she looks around the shack. Her and Steven have a few nice posse"},{"Movie":"World's End","Title":"Unsettling Revelations","Author":"Surburia","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11031691","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N Warning for language, drug use, self-harm, and mentions of suicide Gary sometimes can't account for his actions. There's an impulsive rage that builds up and drags inwards. The world goes dull, a low monotonous buzz of gray telly snow, and everything implodes. He's swearing, and with just a cursory look underneath the fingers that cradle his fist, he knows his knuckles are broken. \"Gary's been an arse all day,\" Oliver says. \"No set Friday plans, I know, but what you say we take Gary out and find something to cheer him up?\" Steven says shouldering his bag. They're jostling they're way down the hallway in-between 2nd and 3rd period. \"Andy, what's up with him? He hasn't seemed himself the whole week,\" Peter says. Andy shrugs. \"No fucking clue.\" It isn't true. Gary's been sleeping at his place. The first night he thinks there's a burglar, the whole of the house seeming to rattle and clank, pulling him out of sleep with a sharp intake of breath, and then he realizes that it's coming from outside, and he opens his blind, grabbing the first thing off his nightstand for some form of protection, and there's Gary, his legs wrapped around the drain pipe, one hand anchoring himself to the window-sill, and the other raised mid-knock, a shit-eating grin spreading across his face when he sees Andy. \"Open the window, you lout.\" Andy hears muffled through the glass, and he crosses his arms, but even in the light he can see a deep purple bruise under Gary's left eye and in that grin a bit of blood, wet and ozzey against Gary's front teeth. He opens the window, and grabs ahold of his shoulders, the familiar feel of his black trench coat meeting his fingers and hauls his best mate in. \"Shit, Gary,\" he says, and then getting a better look at him, \"Fucking shit, Gary, what happened?\" \"Why are you holding a—what the hell is that?\" Gary looms closer, balancing himself against the night stand. And Andy realizes that he's grabbed the can of cheese whizz he'd left on his nightstand. \"My weapon,\" he says. \"You were going to cheese me to death. Don't we get enough of that from good ol' Steve, and his proclamations of undying love for dear Sam?\" \"Hard to know what to expect when someone ascends your drainpipe, isn't it?\" \"Sounds nice. Love for someone to ascend my drainpipe.\" \"What the hell does that even mean?\" \"Whatever I want it to mean, my dear Andy.\" He waggles an eyebrow. Gary rubs a quick hand under his nose, and the closer that Andy looks at him the more he notices. His pupils are dialated, he's shaking, jiggling his leg. \"You're going to have an aneurysm if you keep that up.\" He wants it to sound funny, and Gary laughs, a short bark of sound, but Andy only feels his stomach drop. \"What'd you take?\" \"Nothing.\" He gives a few fast frenetic rubs to the corner of his eye. \"The usual. Dad threw me out, went looking for a fight.\" \"Gary, what the hell were you thinking?\" \"Wasn't,\" he says, his knee jiggling up and down. Andy feels the vibration when he sits down next to him. He looks to the base of the door, good still dark, his parents would sleep through anything with the amount of sleeping pills they take. Drugging yourself to stay awake, drugging yourself to fall asleep. Andy's starting to hate it. \"Thought, I'd stay here tonight.\" \"Yeah, yeah sure. Get out before they wake up though.\" \"Not a problem,\" Gary says. \"You going to school tomorrow?\" Andy asks. \"Yeah, wouldn't want to miss seeing you lot. Nowhere else to go. They know my face in Newton Haven, hard to be truant when you're wanted by the law,\" he says like some sort of deluded outlaw. Andy's afraid to ask it. He's thinks he might know. \"Gary, that bruise...\" He let's it hang in the air, hoping maybe Gary will tell the truth. \"Shit licker from East Central. You should see him - breathing through a straw, I would think.\" Andy looks at Gary's knuckles. They're unbruised. He can see old scabs, scars, but nothing fresh. He wants to touch Gary's hands, he wants to ghost his fingers across those old wounds, but he keeps his hand in his lap. \"Andy.\" Andy leans closer, half hoping but knowing it's going to amount to nothing. \"I gotta piss,\" Gary says. \"Not in here you don't.\" He heads for the door. \"Wait, wait, my parent's door is right down the hall.\" \"Yeah, Andy your Mom's a fox and all, but got other priorities right now.\" \"Ugh, Gary, no come on. Wait just a freakin moment.\" He grabs Gary's shoulder, regretting the action when he lets out a little hiss of pain and gently moves him towards the wall. \"Just stay put a bloody moment.\" Gary gives him a salute. Andy tentatively twists the doorknob and peers out into the hall. His parent's door is shut, no light coming out from the thin crack underneath. \"Second door on the right, go, don't knock over the vase.\" \"I know where the bloody loo is , Andy,\" he stage whispers. \"I practically live here.\" He watches Gary open the door and close it behind him, then Andy steps back into his room, running his fingers through his hair. \"Supid fucking Gary,\" he 's whispering under his breath. It was all Gary's Dad, had to be. Either Gary'd gotten caught snorting some of his dad's coke and he'd decided to teach him a lesson, or something else had set him off and the cocaine was all together a separate factor. Andy waits and waits, watching his clock. It's 4:00 in the fucking morning. He's supposed to be up in two hours. He sits down, closes his eyes, leans back in bed. Give him five more minutes, he thinks. He's blinking and God knows long he's been out. He looks at the clock: 4:20, and Gary's still not back. \"Shit,\" he whispers. Gary if you fuckin' died in the bathroom..., but the thought makes his blood run cold, and his heart start beating fast, uncomfortably in his chest, and he's on his feet, the room buzzing and fading as the blood drains from his head. He knocks once and feels like an idiot. He puts his head against the door, but he doesn't hear anything. He twists the knob and it turns in his hand. And he enters afraid of what he'll find. And there's Gary wedged between the toilet and the wall, the window cracked and a cigarette between his fingers. His sleeves are rolled up. Andy stops when he sees the fresh beads of blood oozing around the wads of paper towels that Gary's pushed against his arm. Gary startles violently almost tripping over the toilet, and he pulls down his sleeve with a fast jerky motion. \"It's nothing, Andy,\" he says. \"Little stress relief, is all.\" Andy shakes his head, but he doesn't' know what to do. Where to grab him. He wants to drag him back to his room. He looks at the razor blade sitting precariously against the porcelain of the sink. Already washed up and clean. But he doesn't know where he can touch Gary: every bit of him a bruise, or cut, or wound threatening to break open. He's not pissed, he's scared. Gary's always been somehow invulnerable. Resilient. And here there's none of that maniacal veneer left. This is Gary stripped, beaten, and bleeding, and the image of him: this Gary King incongruously overlaps with the one in his mind, and Andy doesn't know what to think, almost as if everything's being pulled out from under him. \"Look, Andy. I'll clean it up.\" Gary bends down and picks up the bloody tissues dropping them into the toilet, and pulling the chain, like it's nothing. The same as taking a swig of lager, the same as putting a banknote to the table and inhaling deeply. He drops his half-finished cigarette in as well. It sizzles, pops. It's the first time he realizes just how vulnerable Gary King really is. Something pulls at him, something about the danger and instability that seems to form the core of his best mate, an unpredictability, and he's so bloody hard to read. He's self-destructing, he thinks, and feels the pull to keep him together. To do whatever he can to make Gary King whole again. Because he has to be there. If not for Pete and Steve and Ollie's sake, they all depend on him on some level, but for Andy's, because Gary does something to him he can't explain, and he knows he can't say out loud, but without Gary there everything'd be wrong. Gary pats him on the shoulder, like he's the one in fucking need of comforting. Those fingernails painted black ghosting against the white pinstripes of Andy's pajamas. And Gary doesn't even bother to kick off his Dr. Martens, just falls into Andy's bed, turning to the side and pulling his knees upwards. His eyes already shut. \"You gonna get the light, Andy, or what?\" \"Yeah, sure,\" he hears himself say, his voice distant and tinny like his world, now locked in some metal box, has narrowed just a little bit more, and something in him can't see Gary in the same way. Something's changed, shifted. He blinks hoping everything will realign and go back to normal. He fumbles for the switch, hits it and eases himself in next to his friend. The streetlight outside his window gives him a shadowed view. He closes his eyes and listens to Gary's breaths, afraid they'll stop. Fucking irrational, he chides himself, but still. He's afraid he's severed something deep in his arm. But the blood had been dark and oozing, slow, almost clotted by the time he stepped in there. Gary'd knew what he was doing. It was something practiced. What can he even say to him? Gary will clam up. Anything that can threaten his autonomy will be met with derision, cast aside, laughed off. Andy is the only one who knows that Gary King isn't invincible, the only one who ever sees his cracks, as if he's been taken into his confidence, given this knowledge, and yet allowed nothing. It's not going to be that way, not anymore. \"Gary,\" he says, and he's met with a groan. One of his legs stretches out, but he stills. \"I have to talk to you. Get up.\" He reaches, goes to grab his shoulders, but then hesitates, remembering how hard he flinched before. In the streetlight, Gary looks small and washed out. The black of his clothing and the darkness of the room sapping what little color is left in his face. The roots of his hair are blond. And the broken illusion envelops Andy, and he's afraid, his heart hammering, a cold sweat forming under the thin layer of his pajamas. And he grabs Gary and gives him a light shake. \"Wha- Jeesus Andy, what is it?\" Gary says suddenly sitting up straight. No way he'd been asleep, not with the coke \"Let me see your arm.\" And Andy reaches out, not asking, and Gary pulls back, almost tumbling from the bed. \"Why'd you do it?\" Andy says and this time catches him. The cloth is damp, and he can imagine the red seeping through to wet his fingers. Andy stops, just waiting, all of a sudden unsure of what he is doing. Since when was Gary ever this fragile? Gary takes care of himself, is brave and free, doesn't accept help from others. Fights his own battles, fights their battles, and even as best mates there's always that barrier that exists between them and Gary. Gary is the leader, and a leader has to seem indestructible, somehow a little brighter, and somehow what, less human? A king didn't bleed, Andy thinks, and he almost laughs because how stupid. Here they are almost adults, going on sixteen, and he's had this inkling for the longest time that maybe Gary was the most human of them all. . Running because he felt it all a little too strongly. And that blood, that was running in a way too wasn't it, a stress relief, he'd said. A little escape. But that relabeling seems slow in his mind, and Gary here continues to shift in form. He's afraid in the morning he'll forget it. Gary will be Gary King, and these thoughts will seem ridiculous, dramatic. To put Gary back together is to humanize him, to change how he's seen his best mate since primary. In the darkness, somehow, Gary is reduced. In the failing light, it's easy to see: Gary's just Gary. Gary, whose dad hits him. Gary who drinks and does lines of coke. Gary who finds escape in a razor blade. Some poor fifteen going on sixteen year old kid just like the rest of them. Nothing special or grand or magnetic at all. Andy wants his old illusion, and he doesn't. The ambivalence of it curls in his gut and twists, and his fingers loosen. Gary's half way to the window before Andy can catch him again. And he stands there looking lost, it's a look that Andy can't place, that looks foreign on Gary's clean-shaven face. \"Look, Andy. I just need a place to crash. I'm exhausted, just need a place to sleep. Really it's nothing.\" And he's never heard his voice like that, and he doesn't know what to do. Should he touch him? Should he block his path. \"Gary,\" he says and feels so stupid, so lost. Gary's not supposed to fall apart. Out of any of them, he's the bastion, he's supposed to keep them together. Some sort of heroic irreverent glue labeled to withstandit all, and when Gary comes apart – Andy doesn't know – in some way so does his world. So he steps closer, slowly, and he thinks about how Gary himself had approached a stray cat one time, ripped ear, and bleeding, so carefully, and when it looked like everything would be okay the cat had slashed out, tearing three sharp gouges into the palm of Gary's hand. And he's afraid of the reaction he'll get. He sees Gary look to the window from the corner of his eye. Like he's being cornered, and he thinks almost hysterically that Gary's going to hit him or he's going to jump; there's no rational medium. But it's much quieter than any of that. His fingers close over Gary's wrist, and he doesn't resist this time, and when he looks at him, he looks exhausted, his eyelids droopy and puffy, the area under his eyes purplish and green. The sky behind Gary is starting to shift, the deep cloudless blue giving way to a striated laceration of pink and orange. And he leads him back to the bed and sits him down. And with a little exhausted puff of air Gary pulls back his sleeve revealing the horizontal gash in the middle of his forearm. Like in doing it himself he's still somehow in control. \"Really, Andy, no need to be all mother-fucking-hen. It stopped on its own.\" \"I didn't know, Gary. It freaked me out. Gary shrugged. \"It's not something I do a lot. Just when it gets really bad.\" \"It was so bad here?\" \"Ah, shit no. I didn't mean that. I mean, yeah, the loo in your house in pretty awful and all…, but nah, on the way over- just thinking – I'll do it when I get there. I didn't mean for you to know. I just do it sometimes without thinking, you know? It's a rush.\" That seems to be it. He doesn't say anything else. His hand hovers over his sleeve, and he raises an eyebrow. \"Done playing nurse?\" Andy nods. \"Don't do it again.\" He says, almost tacks on, \"okay?\" but bites it back. He's serious. Out of all the outrageous things Gary involves him in, some reason this seems the most real, the most grave. Adults get depressed, and bleed themselves out in bathtubs, and he wonders if that's where Gary's mind goes when he has a razor blade in his hand. \"Yes, Mum,\" Gary says and flops back onto Andy's bed, pulling his sleeve down and looks at the ceiling. Light scatters in strange amorphous blobs against the gray paint. \"Want a line before school?\" Gary says and laughs and it dies away. \"Just a joke. Since when were you such stick in the twat infested mud?\" \"Since the biggest twat I know crawled through my window at fucking four in the morning, that's when.\" Gary laughs and it's infectious. Andy can't help the sad little smile that pulls at the corner of his mouth. And he thinks, it's okay. If Gary didn't fall apart now, the lowest Andy's ever seen him, he won't, ever. And yet, he knows, even as he puts it as far out of mind as he can, that what he saw tonight of Gary will color his impression from then on. Gary's become human. ","Summary":" A/N Warning for language, drug use, self-harm, and mentions of suicide Gary sometimes can't account"},{"Movie":"World's End","Title":"Oliver's Story - Part 1 of The Chamberlain Chronicles","Author":"AWomanInvisible","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10343065","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I enjoyed The World's End, but I wanted to know what had happened to Oliver. And what happened if he survived? Oh, and the female character is loosely based on Amanda Abbington. I own nothing. All credit to Simon Pegg, Edgar Wright and all involved in making The World's End. Oliver could hear thumping. It was rhythmic, like tribal drums. Dear god his head hurt and his tongue felt too big for his mouth. He wanted the thumping to stop – oh, it was in his head, his heart beating. What had he done last night? Oh, right, Gary and his damn pub crawl. This must be a hangover. Must have passed out again. He wondered which pub he'd made it to this time. He felt around with his hand – cotton sheets and a duvet. So he'd made it back to the hotel then. Wait, naked. He was naked. Someone had stripped his clothes. Must have been Andy or possibly Steve. Probably Andy as he wasn't drinking. The memory of Andy downing five shots in rapid succession clawed its way into his consciousness. And ink, why blue ink? He lay still and hoped his memory would clear. Slowly he tried to open his eyes. The room was dark, except for a small lamp glowing on the dressing table. Excellent. He didn't think he could cope with too much light yet. He raised his head slowly, but the pounding persuaded him that keeping it buried in the pillow would be wiser. He turned his head slowly to the left and saw a bedside table. Someone had left a glass of water and a packet of paracetamol. He stretched out his left hand and managed to snag the pill packet. He popped two into his hand and set the packet on the bed. Very slowly he eased himself up to reach the glass. The tablets were a struggle to swallow, but the cool water was wonderful, lubricating his mouth and throat. He slumped back into the bed and pulled the duvet up to his chest, letting the pain killers work their magic. He must have dozed off, as this time when he opened his eyes the room was lighter. Not daylight but a light outside in the corridor, filtering between the door and frame. He could see floral wallpaper and a dressing table that looked straight out of the 1930's. This wasn't his hotel room! Where was he? And where were the lads? A feeling of panic and genuine fear caused his stomach to tie in knots. He put his hand to his right ear, but his Bluetooth was gone. No use anyway as his mobile was in his jacket pocket and he had no idea where that was. W T F had happened last night? How long had he been out? He remembered the hotel, and Gary with that damn map of the Golden Mile. He remembered Sam joining them at The Old Familiar. He felt a spike of fear at the thought of his baby sister as he prayed she had got away. What? Why? Had she been in danger? No, she was going to meet the Twins. Finally his bladder managed to make its persistent nagging known. He needed the toilet. Another shaft of fear and panic swept through him. But nature called and he wasn't going to wet the bed, so he had to find a bathroom. He eased the duvet back and slowly sat up. Not too bad. He might even live. Slowly he swung his legs off the bed and onto the carpet. Oh, slippers. And slung over the end of the bed a dressing gown. He slipped both on. Looking round the room the décor was old, with a wardrobe and chest of drawers that matched the dressing table. Someone's bedroom then, not a hotel. Maybe he'd pulled? No, unlikely with this hangover. There was only one door, so no en-suite. Something in bright yellow caught his eye even in the half light. Was that a post-it note stuck to the door? He opened the door, temporarily blinded by the bright light of the landing. Looking at the note he managed to focus enough to make out the words 'BATHROOM – TURN RIGHT, SECOND ON RIGHT. Then come downstairs for food' Right, good. Yeah food would be good as Gary had dragged them out without eating first and he'd only had a sandwich at lunch-time. He found the bathroom OK and, after answering nature's call, turned to wash his hands in the basin. Catching sight of himself in the mirror he had a sudden flashback of Mr Shephard looking over his shoulder. Again, he went cold, but shook it off. He hadn't thought about their old secondary school teacher in years. He must be in at least his 70's by now. But he didn't look a day older than when he'd taught them. W T F was going on? Probably the hangover messing with his brain. As he washed his face he spotted an unopened toothbrush on the basin obviously put there for his use. Grabbing the tube of toothpaste he cleaned his teeth. Rinsing the brush under the tap he decided he definitely felt more human. Relief, a flood of relief. Why was that? What was his subconscious trying to tell him? He'd been hungover before and not had all these weird flashbacks and feelings of anxiety. Something had happened on the pub crawl, he just couldn't remember what. Probably something to do with Gary though, it always was. Oliver went out onto the landing and managed to make it down the stairs without face planting. The smell of bacon and sound of a radio guided him to the kitchen and the rear view of a woman cooking on an Aga. Brunette, quite shapely, dressed in wellies, jeans and an old baggy jumper, her hair tied back in a pony tail. \"Oh good, you're awake. I've done you hangover food. Are poached eggs OK? Toast is on the table and the bacon is nearly ready. Do you like tomatoes and mushrooms? Good. Butter what you want and I'll bring it all over in a minute. How do you take your tea?\" \"White no sugar thanks.\" Oliver answered automatically. He sat in the chair in front of the empty plate and reached for the toast and butter. Slowly he began buttering the first slice. He registered that it was dark outside but he'd lost all track of time. \"I'm Oliver Chamberlain.\" The woman turned and looked at him. Was that a look of relief? \"I know.\" \"Have we met? I mean, do I know you or did we just, err, meet last night?\" \"You mean tonight. You've only been out for an hour and a half. And yes we've met. I'm Mandy Abbeyfield although I doubt you'd remember me. I'd just started the second year when you were in the sixth form. I always liked your nose though – I thought it was cute.\" Mandy turned away, embarrassed. \"Eggs are done. How's your toast coming?\" Keeping her eyes down she brought over the veggies, bacon and eggs and placed them on his plate. \"Eat up, you'll need it.\" She finished making the tea and brought two mugs to the table, placing one next to his plate as she sat in the chair opposite his. \"How do you feel?\" \"Like I've drunk way too much and my brain has been sucked out of my ears.\" \"Nearly right. It was out of your forehead.\" Oliver stopped eating, mouth open and fork halfway to his lips as he looked up in shock at his breakfast, or was that supper companion. \"How much do you remember of tonight?\" Oliver spluttered. \"If I did anything inappropriate I'm really sorry. I don't normally drink this much, but Gary insisted we do the Golden Mile, you know 12 pubs, 12 pints finishing at The World's End.\" \"No, it's OK. You didn't do anything. Quite the reverse I would think. Just tell me what you remember.\" \"Erm, we checked into the hotel. That would be Gary, Andy, Pete, Steve and me, obviously. We headed to The First Post, but it was really quiet and looked like it had been taken over by one of those chains. We all had a beer, except Andy who doesn't drink.\" Again, the flashback of Andy downing those shots one after the other. \"Then we went to the Old Familiar. My sister, Sam, joined us there. She was going to meet up with the Twins for a girl's night. Then the Famous Cock before we went to the Cross Hands and it kind of becomes a blank.\" Oliver eyes snapped to Mandy's face. \"Blanks. We had a fight with the Blanks, in the gents. There was this blue ink everywhere. And heads, so many smashed heads. We tried to be normal, but Andy drank all those shots and he hasn't drunk since the accident. And we couldn't tell who was a Blank and who wasn't. We wanted to leave, to get away, but Gary said we should keep on with the Golden Mile. That's what everyone was expecting. As we didn't know who to trust he said it was the safest thing to do. Oh my god, the Blanks. Sam!\" \"This Gary sounds like a bit of an arse. You'd have probably got out alive if you left then. Wait Gary, not Gary King, the biggest dickhead in Newton Haven?\" \"Yeah, that would be the one. Wait, what do you mean would have got out alive?\" \"Right well, you're not actually dead but the Replacements or Blanks as you call them, think you are and by rights you should be. Every other poor bastard in Newton Haven is. What is the last thing you remember?\" \"Um, drinking my pint and going to the loo at, I think it was The Two Headed Dog. Then it all gets a bit weird. I was washing my hands and I looked in the mirror and there was Mr Shephard looking exactly the same as when we left school, except he must be, what 70 by now. And then there were blue lights and pain and … that's it. Why did you say I should be dead like every other poor bastard in Newton Haven? Oh my god, are you one of them?\" \"No I'm not. At least I'm one of the few who's not. They only kept me because I live so far out of town and I offered to help them, well serve them really. Look, I'll prove it.\" With that Mandy pulled a knife from a drawer and ran it over the end of her finger. Red blood oozed out. \"OK?\" \"OK.\" Oliver took a long sip of his tea and contemplated his next question while Mandy sucked on her finger to stop the bleeding. For some reason Oliver's mouth went dry and he struggled to concentrate. He took another gulp of tea. \"So, how exactly do you serve them and why should I be um, dead?\" \"When the alien's, because that's what they are, replace someone they need their DNA and their memories. First they take the DNA to build the replica body, then they suck all, and I mean all, of the person's memories out their brain by taking hold of their forehead. This must have been what happened to you in the loo.\" \"Great, sucked by my ex teacher in the gent's loo.\" Oliver smirked if only to feel better about the madness he was living through. He wasn't sure he was actually awake. Mandy looked at him in surprise and then giggled. Oliver thought it was one of the nicest sounds he'd ever heard. \"Right, well, and promise me you won't get upset at this.\" \"What, more upset than having a stinking hangover, my brain sucked out and not being dead?\" \"Yeah, OK. Well when they suck the memories out they take literally everything, and the body stops functioning. They call what's left a husk.\" \"When you say stops functioning, you mean, dead?\" \"Yeah.\" \"And that should have happened to me?\" \"Um yes. And as far as the aliens are aware, you are dead. That's why they called me.\" \"Why would they call you?\" \"That's how I serve them. I collect the husks, err bodies, and take them to their processing plant.\" \"Processing?\" \"Well yeah. They can't have dead bodies lying around and they can't have a funeral or bury them in the normal way, so they make use of them. They process them and turn them into compost.\" \"Wait. I'm supposed to be compost. And you help them with this? Unbelievable. How could you? You're assisting with … murder!\" \"I know, but I had no choice. By the time I found out what was going on from Basil they'd already replaced the Town Councillors, the police and half of the teachers. It was help out or be replaced myself. The problem is, it isn't just here. There are towns and cities all over the world that they've converted in preparation for our acceptance into some sort of galactic alliance. The Earth is kind of being co-opted but without our knowledge. And these guys are here to sanitise the human race to make us acceptable to the rest of the galaxy.\" \"Why don't you tell someone? The authorities?\" \"They're probably the first people they replaced. It's impossible to know who to trust. I don't even go into Newton Haven now unless I have to or if they summon me. I just stay out here on the farm and keep well away. I've managed to make myself virtually self-sufficient so I can keep away from them.\" Mandy dropped her head into her hands. \"You have no idea what it's like. My friends, cousins, aunts and uncles that I didn't get a chance to warn, and my god the children! The bodies of those old people and children that I've had to put into that damn machine. Sometimes I wish they would replace me just so they could see my memories and know how they've tortured me! But I won't give in. As long as I'm alive they haven't won.\" Oliver had watched the emotions tear through Mandy. He'd gone from flaming anger and wanting to call the police, to sadness for all his former classmates and neighbours who had now been replaced, to compassion for the poor woman who was surviving the only way she knew how in a world she could no longer trust. \"So how come I'm not ... you know, compost?\" \"I think it must have been the beer. No-one here really drinks alcohol any more, I mean I don't think it effects the aliens so they don't bother with it. The only reason I think they've kept the pubs is for appearances in case of outsiders and something to do, and for the few remaining humans of course. I'm pretty sure they've never tried to replicate someone who was legless before. I mean, you said you were out of practice.\" \"Yeah, well I only made it to The Trusty Servant when I was eighteen, so I'm surprised I made it as far as I did this time. So what, you think I was saved by the beer?\" \"Only thing I can think of. Somehow it must have mucked up the transfer process. I mean as far as they're concerned it must have worked, otherwise they would have noticed problems with the Replica, but instead of taking everything out of your brain, it seems to have only copied it.\" \"So what, there's a replica out there with all my memories. Oh my god, all those fantasies about Miss Wilson!\" \"The history teacher?\" \"Yeah.\" Oliver dropped his head into his hands as he blushed, rather beautifully Mandy thought. \"Good choice. Quite a few of the girls had a crush on her too.\" Oliver looked up, startled. \"Really?\" \"Oh yeah. Raging hormones with nowhere to go. What, you thought only teenage boys get the hots for anyone with sex appeal?\" \"Yes, no, I mean. Oh.\" \"Anyway, your Replica is the one with your clothes, wallet and mobile phone. Oh and that doo-hickey you had in your ear.\" Mandy waved her hand in the general direction of her right ear. \"My Bluetooth.\" Oliver let out a sigh. He actually felt a little lost without that gadget. \"So, how did I end up here?\" \"They called me to collect your … husk, sorry, from The Two Headed Dog. I carried you out the back and put you in the back of my landy ready to take you for processing. No-one bothers to check now, you see. Every time they've done it the original dies, so there's no point. So they didn't notice you weren't …\" \"A husk?\" \"Yeah. It's just as well you let out a moan as I was pulling in to the plant otherwise you'd have been processed alive. Well, I went through the motions, made it look like I'd processed you, then stashed you on the back seat under a blanket and brought you back here. The rest you know.\" \"So you've seen me …\" \"Naked. Yeah.\" It was Mandy's turn to turn pink, even as she tried to remain blasé and focus on drinking the remains of her tea. Damn, her mug was empty. \"More tea?\" \"Please.\" Oliver was simultaneously embarrassed, and aroused. Not a good way to be in a wrap-around dressing gown. Thank god for the table. \"Errm, and it was you who put me to bed?\" \"Yes that would have been me, yes.\" \"And you think I had a cute nose, at school.\" Mandy was wrong-footed and nearly dropped the mugs of tea. \"Um, yeah, I do, umm, did actually.\" Oliver sort of smiled as he wrapped his hands around his mug and stared at the wisps of steam from his tea. If he'd looked up at his hostess he'd have seen her with a similar expression. That's when her phone pinged a text message with GPS coordinates. \"Damn, I've got another one. I'm so sorry, but it's likely one of your friends. This one seems to be in the woods near the bowling club.\" \"It would be. That's where we used to hang out. Oh god, I wonder which one? And what about Sam? I have to call and warn her.\" \"Oliver I know you want to but you can't. You don't know who to trust. Look, you'd all worked out about the Blanks. Wouldn't one of your friends have made sure Sam got out?\" \"Yeah Steve would. He wouldn't have let her stick around if there was danger. And Sam has her car with her. We all came by train.\" \"Look, I've got to go. Hopefully your friend is OK too, if we're right and it is the alcohol. If I don't go now they'll know something is wrong and send someone out here. And please don't use the phone. You'll get us both killed. You have no idea who else to trust and I'm pretty sure they've got all communications monitored, so please, trust me and don't use the phone.\" \"I'll try.\" \"Look, have a shower. There are fresh towels in the airing cupboard on the landing and if you look in the wardrobe in your room there are some overalls and shirts that should fit. I'm sorry but I've got no underwear for you, but, if you don't mind going commando tonight I'll try and get some tomorrow. They'll expect me to pick up your luggage from the hotel to dispose of it, so you should have your own clothes tomorrow.\" Mandy grabbed her keys and headed to the front door. \"And I mean it. No matter how hard it is, please do not use the phone.\" And she was gone. Oliver had a shower. Mandy used a rather pleasant vanilla scented body wash and an apple scented shampoo. It reminded him of the apple pies his mum used to bake. Thank god his parents were dead and hadn't seen this. They'd both been born and died in Newton Haven. It was the only town they knew. He couldn't bear the thought of them having their memories stolen and being made into compost. Although they had both been cremated, so it wasn't that different. But still, the memory stealing bit was not good. He opened the wardrobe and found the overalls. They were a bit scratchy against his naked skin, but he could cope until tomorrow when hopefully his own luggage would arrive. He really wanted to call Sam and make sure she was alright, or at least warn her, but he had heeded Mandy's words. He didn't want to put Mandy in danger after she had risked her life to save him. And at this point he didn't know if Sam was still, well, Sam. No, he'd not do anything to put them in danger. He really didn't want Mandy to be brain-sucked and replicated. He liked the original too much. Oliver was a little shocked at the warmth that particular thought caused. He was no shrinking violet when it came to the ladies, but his success rate was not that high and so few of them appreciated that he had to be contactable all the time to pay for the lavish meals he took his dates on. He'd had a few longer term relationships, but they'd all failed after a few months. A couple said \"It's not you, it's me. I'm just too demanding\" whilst the others laid it all at his door. He was too insensitive, too obsessed with the housing market and not obsessed enough with them. If he was honest with himself, he had become overly attached to that Bluetooth earpiece, wearing it like some kind of extra limb. He put it on first thing in the morning and took it off last thing at night. And now it was being worn by a genetically perfect replica of him who was dragging his friends on a pub crawl round Newton Haven. Genetically perfect – hah. Oliver gloated at the thought that his replica would have his birthmark back. That damn O on his temple. Oh. Gary was sure to notice it if he wasn't too drunk. He'd been the one to christen him O-Man because of that damn birthmark. And if Gary noticed it was back, after Oliver had made such a point of showing them it had been removed, then they would know that he had been replaced. Sam might think he was dead! That was probably why they'd gone to the bowling club, to escape Replica Oliver. But his replica would know all about the bowling club and would have no doubt followed them there. Oh God, was he responsible for the body in the woods, whichever of his friends it was. Or perhaps it was Sam. Oliver took a deep breath to calm his rising panic. No, if anyone was responsible it was these damn aliens. But what about Mandy? She had betrayed them. If he called Sam to check she was OK and to let her know he was alive, it would put Mandy in danger and she'd be replaced and composted. He couldn't do that. What if they already knew and the call was a trap to lure Mandy into being replaced? If it was he was done for any way because they'd know immediately he was alive and here at her farm. He went to the phone on the kitchen wall to call Mandy to warn her, but realised he didn't know her number. He thought again about calling Sam, but then realised he didn't know her number either. All the numbers were stored on his mobile with Replica Oliver, not in his own memory. He was stuck. He hoped that it would be Original Mandy and not Replica Mandy who returned to the farm. But how could he tell without injuring her? They'd know she'd cut her finger to show him her blood. Oh, the cut. She'd have a fresh cut on her left index finger tip. That wouldn't be replicated at DNA level. Not unless they actually cut Replica Mandy's finger to fool him. He slumped down at the kitchen table and buried his face in his hands, not seeing any way out of this mess. His breathing calmed somewhat as the waft of vanilla body wash came off his hands. Of course. Oliver scoured the kitchen for suitable weapons. He put a large carving knife, a kitchen cleaver and a claw hammer he'd found under the sink into various pockets in his overalls. He wanted to be prepared if he had to fight his way out. He also made sure that the back door was unlocked and put a sack of tinned food, a thermos of water, an extra knife and a torch just outside the door. He found a pair of old boots that weren't too large in a cupboard by the back door. A quick rummage in his bedroom produced an overcoat, a shirt, a jumper and a couple of pairs of thick socks. He put on the shirt and one pair of socks, putting the rest with the sack. He pulled on the boots and laced them tight to stop them slipping. He then made another cup of tea and sat down to await the return of Mandy and hopefully one of his friends. At twenty five past ten, by the kitchen clock, Oliver saw headlights swinging towards the farmhouse. Only one set, but that didn't mean anything. He looked up as Mandy walked into the kitchen, sullen faced. She took off her coat, hanging it on a hook on the back of the door. She couldn't look him in the eye. \"Well?\" \"I'm so sorry. It was a husk. Not your sister.\" She'd caught the straightening of his shoulders and look of fear on his face. He relaxed only slightly when he heard it was not Sam. \"Who?\" \"A small man with curly hair.\" \"Pete.\" \"I'm really so sorry.\" Oliver stood and moved to Mandy's side. He took her hands in his. \"I'm sorry too, but I need to be sure.\" She looked at him in confusion as he first of all looked at the recent wound on her left index finger. Next he moved forward and nuzzled her neck – vanilla. Finally he nuzzled her hair – apple. Mandy looked bewildered as her breathing came in short pants and her pupils dilated. Oliver stepped back and registered the affect he'd had even as he said \"I'm sorry, but I needed to know you are still you.\" Mandy looked a little crestfallen, casting her eyes away and to the floor. \"I understand.\" Oliver walked to the back door, retrieving his supplies then locking and bolting it. Before he sat down he removed the weapons from his overalls. Then he shrugged. \"Couldn't be too careful.\" \"Did you call anyone?\" \"No, I couldn't remember any numbers anyway. They're all in my phone.\" \"I'm sorry about your friend.\" \"So am I. He had a wife and two kids. I suppose we can't even tell her. We'll have to leave that to Andy and Steve if they get out alive. Gary won't even think to let her know.\" \"Poor kids.\" \"Yeah, poor kids. He never even told me their names. We hadn't spoken in years you see, not until Gary got us all back together for this evening. I suppose we should at least be grateful to the git for that.\" He looked up and realised that Mandy had her head buried in her crossed arms as they rested on the kitchen table. Her shoulders shook as she quietly sobbed. Oliver stood up, walking round the table and standing beside his saviour. He crouched down and began to rub Mandy's back in an attempt to comfort her. \"It's OK. You did what you could. Don't cry. It's not your fault, it's really not. Please don't cry love, please don't cry.\" She stopped crying and raised red-rimmed eyes to his, a look of confusion on her face. Then she turned flinging her arms around his neck and burying her head in his shoulder. Oliver nearly fell over in surprise, but managed to retain his balance as he wrapped his arms around her and again stroked her back. The combined smells of vanilla and apple were intoxicating and his lack of underwear was rapidly becoming a nuisance. \"Come on love. Calm down. Have you got any tissues?\" He managed to translate 'living room' from the muffled noise coming from his shoulder. \"How about we move in there. Have you got a sofa where we can be more comfortable?\" He was pretty sure that was a 'yes', so he eased Mandy to a standing position and lead her to the living room (the door on the other side of the hall from the kitchen, so a fairly safe bet). He managed to manoeuvre them to the sofa, never once letting go of his precious armful. As he sat on the sofa, calming and soothing, he wondered if it was possible to fall in love this quickly. He knew what they'd been through in just a few hours was traumatic and extreme, but even so. He'd never really felt like this before. This didn't feel like a crush or infatuation, and despite his physical response earlier, it didn't feel like lust, well, not just lust. Trying to change the subject he suddenly said \"I wonder what was different about me?\" Mandy raised her head to look at him for the first time since the kitchen. \"What do you mean?\" \"Well Pete had more to drink than me. He must have done, he'd gone to more pubs than me. And he's, he was smaller than me. So he should have been even more drunk. So why me and not him?\" \"I don't know. Is there anything different about you?\" \"I don't think so. I'm totally normal.\" \"No childhood head trauma? You haven't got a metal plate in your head or anything?\" A wan smile. Oliver liked that smile, faint though it was. \"No nothing like that. Damn, if only I had my phone I could search Google for some clue.\" Mandy looked up, a look of realisation on her face. \"Your phone. That Bluetooth headset. Were you wearing it in the gents?\" \"Of course, I always wear it. Ohhh, you mean it may have been that that interfered with the transfer.\" \"Don't know but it's a good bet. The beer may have had something to do with it, but the only difference between you and your friend was that headset. I can't recall seeing anyone in Newton Haven wearing one, so it's very possible.\" \"Damn. My ex-girlfriends said I clung on to it like my life depended on it, usually before they walked out on me.\" \"Your life did depend on it. I'm very glad you kept it on.\" Oliver looked down at the bundle of slightly moist eyed female still wrapped in his arms, and realised that she still had her arms wrapped around him too. \"So, what are we going to do?\" \"Not much we can do now except go to bed. We'll sort out a plan in the morning.\" \"When you say go to bed do you mean …?\" \"Yeah if that's OK. We don't have to do anything but, after today, I'd quite like a cuddle.\" \"Me too, if you're OK with that?\" Before the conversation could get any more awkward there was a massive flash, followed seconds later by the sound of a huge explosion. Oliver and Mandy ran to the window to see what was happening. \"It's Newton Haven!\" \"Quick, away from the windows.\" Oliver dragged them away from the window and behind a well stuffed arm chair. He pulled Mandy close to his chest and ducked his own head over hers even as the blast wave reached them. The windows rattled dramatically but did not break. As abruptly as it started, the roar stopped. Helping Mandy to her feet they made their way outside and looked in the direction of Newton Haven. There was nothing. Not even the glow in the sky from the light pollution of a small town, just blackness. They hugged each other as they stared into the dark, even as the stars became visible in the night's sky. \"I've never seen so many stars before. Not here anyway. I've not seen that many stars even during a power cut.\" \"It's gone isn't it.\" \"Looks like it.\" Mandy shivered and turned back towards the house. \"Oh, the lights have all gone out.\" Oliver turned. \"Oh yeah. We'd better check the radio in case there is some sort of emergency broadcast.\" Mandy turned on the radio but got nothing but static. \"We'll try again in the morning. I don't want to run down the batteries.\" Oliver retrieved the torch, one of those wind up ones, and joined Mandy back outside. \"Isn't that the Milky Way? It's beautiful.\" \"Yes it is.\" As Mandy turned to look at him, Oliver leant forward and kissed her. \"Thank you for saving me.\" \"I had to. It's a very cute nose.\" ","Summary":" I enjoyed The World's End, but I wanted to know what had happened to Oliver. And what happened if h"},{"Movie":"World's End","Title":"Sam's Story - Part 2 of The Chamberlain Chronicles","Author":"AWomanInvisible","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10368639","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I own nothing. All credit to Simon Pegg, Edgar Wright and all involved in making The World's End. Be warned - much swearing Sam's eyes shot open. Her hand flew to cover her mouth as she struggled out of the blankets and ran towards the door. She just managed to unbar the front door and stick her head outside before throwing up in the flower bed. She heaved again and again, managing to keep her long blonde hair out of the way. Her right hand gripped the door frame tightly as she struggled to stay on her feet. As her stomach finally finished spasming she sank down to sit on the door step, feeling dizzy and feverish. Her head dropped into her hands. \"Oh buggering fuck!\" A hand stroked the back of her head and began to gently rub her back. \"Are you OK sweetheart? Are you ill?\" Sam groaned before turning to face her husband. \"Yeah, I'm fine. It's already passed. I'll just sit here for a bit.\" \"OK, if you're sure. I'll get the fire going and put the kettle on. Would a peppermint tea help?\" \"Yes please. Thanks Steve.\" Sam looked out towards her patchy garden that she'd tended so lovingly. She knew her days here were numbered. -0-0-0- They'd pulled over at the first opportunity after clearing the explosion. Gary was grinning like a mad man, Andy was shell-shocked. Steve climbed out of the car and walked in circles running hands through his hair and swearing. Sam couldn't let go of the steering wheel. She was staring out of the windscreen but seeing nothing. She began to tremble, then shake violently. Tears welled up in her eyes even as the wail of despair tore out of her throat. Her head dropped forward onto the steering wheel as another wail ripped from her. \"Ollie, oh god, Ollie.\" Steve opened the driver's door and carefully unclenched her fingers from the steering wheel. He turned her slowly in the seat until her feet were hanging outside the car. He wrapped his arms around her and rested her head on his shoulder as he tried to comfort her in her grief. \"That was fucking brilliant. I saved the fucking planet from the Blanks. I'm a fucking hero!\" Andy rounded on the man sat next to him in the back seat of Sam's car, his anger causing his colour to rise and his fists to clench. \"You fucking selfish bastard! Oliver and Pete are dead because of you. Why couldn't we have left when we first found out? Why the fuck did we let you make us keep on that fucking pub crawl? They're dead! Do you understand that? And what about everyone else? You blew up a fucking town!\" \"To stop an alien invasion.\" \"Bollocks. You just wanted to finish the Golden Mile you selfish bastard. You don't give a flying fuck that Pete's kids have lost their father or that Sam has lost her brother. You don't do you? You don't fucking care about anyone but the great Gary fucking King. You selfish self-centred bastard.\" \"Shut up, just shut the fuck up! Can't you think about Sam for just one minute?\" Steve shouted at the men in the backseat as he continued to try to soothe the distraught woman in his arms. \"Oh shut up Steven. You're only saying that so you can get your leg over.\" That was it for Andy. He let rip with a punch aimed at Gary's face, with as much power as he could muster in the limited space of the rear seat. \"Shit! What the fuck was that for Andy? I just saved your fucking neck.\" \"No, you didn't. This is all your fault you selfish shit. Get out of this car now and bugger off. I don't want to see your fucking face ever again. You fucking nearly killed me twenty years ago and now you're responsible for Oliver and Pete. Just fuck the hell off you fucking shit!\" And with that he pushed Gary out of the car. \"Come on Steve. Get Sam in the back seat and I'll drive us back to mine. It's nearest and we can clean up there.\" As they drove, the level of devastation became apparent. Every village they drove through was dark except for the occasional pedestrian with a torch. Even the suburbs were dark. There were a few cars on the road, but not as many as normal for a Saturday night. The sky was dark and peppered with more stars than any of them had ever seen. However the far horizon was a blazing orange. \"That must be London, though I've never seen it that bright before. I wonder why they've got power when nowhere else has?\" Steve peered from the rear seat out through the windscreen. \"I don't think that's lights mate.\" Andy did a double take then realised his mistake. \"Ssshhhhhiiiiitttttt! Fucking hell Gary, what the fuck have you done?\" Steve pulled out his mobile. No signal. Andy tried to tune in the car radio but got nothing but static. Arriving at Andy's building they managed to support Sam as they made their way up the dark stairwell to his flat. An old lady timidly opened her door as Andy slid his key into his front door. \"Oh Mr Knightley, it's you. Do you know what's happening? There's no electricity, no tv and no water. I can't even make myself a cup of tea. I've tried calling my sister but the phone isn't working. Have you seen anything?\" \"No Mrs Phillips. I've no idea what's happening. Why don't you go back inside and wait until morning. I'm sure it will all be better then.\" He felt a bit guilty for not telling her, but what could he say? 'My mate Gary went on a pub crawl, pissed off some aliens, told them to fuck off so they did, and pretty much destroyed everything in the process.' Nah, maybe not. Steve led Sam to the sofa where she curled up into a ball. As Steve eased her shoes off, Andy found a blanket to cover her. \"Fuck Andy. They said they were across the planet. If everywhere is like Newton Haven … it's all gone isn't it?\" \"Looks like it.\" \"Bollocks.\" \"I've got to get to my family. Are you OK here? There's food in the fridge. Will you be OK?\" \"Yeah mate. You get to your family. I'll stay here with Sam. Leave me her car keys. Do you have a spare for your door?\" \"If you wait here, I'll try to get back to you in a couple of days. Hopefully it'll be clearer then and we can work out what to do.\" \"Yeah. Go on mate. Go see your kids and check they're OK. We'll wait here.\" -0-0-0- That had been a year ago. Andy and his family had started a small holding near his home. Suddenly his marriage troubles didn't seem so important, and he didn't have an office to bury himself away in any more. Protecting his wife and kids became his top priority. Sam had refused to leave Steve. She clung on to him like her lifeline as she dealt with the loss of her brother. Steve thought he'd be overwhelmed, but found that, with Sam, he didn't mind. They'd decided to stay as far away from people as possible and had built a wooden shack in a clearing in a secluded wood about ten miles from Newton Haven. They'd known it as children and it just seemed right. They'd raided the remains of some out of town shopping centres for supplies. There was no fuel so once the car's tank was empty it became useless except as a temporary refuge until their shack was finished. They'd liberated an abandoned horse from a field, some chickens from a garden centre and an 'ornamental' cart from someone's front garden. What they had wasn't much but it was enough. That first winter had been very hard, but they'd manage to collect enough packaged and tinned food for them to survive. It took several months before they finally got together romantically, too exhausted for the first few months to do anything but work, sleep and grieve for family, friends and a way of life lost. It took another six months before they called each other husband and wife. It wasn't as if there was anyone to actually perform a marriage ceremony, so they did it themselves, speaking their vows to the Milky Way. Sam cradled her mug of peppermint tea as she sat, head bowed at the kitchen … the only table. \"If I clear the weeds from the far side we can plough it and extend the vegetable patch. And the chickens need a bigger enclosure. That was a great idea of yours to use the car as the chicken coop. It certainly keeps the foxes out.\" \"I'm pregnant.\" \"And I really want to try building a poly tunnel so we can grow tomatoes and early veg.\" \"We can't stay here. We'll have to move.\" Steve's ears pricked up as he turned to his wife in confusion. \"What do we need to move?\" \"We'll never survive another winter here. And we'll need help in a few months.\" \"Sorry. You're what?\" He'd replayed her words in his mind and realised he'd missed something incredible. \"I'm pregnant. We're having a baby.\" \"What the fuck!\" Sam crumpled. The combination of Steve's disbelief and that particular phrase that her brother had made 'polite' by saying WTF were enough to break her flimsy control of her emotions. \"Oh shit. I'm so sorry sweetheart. I didn't mean to upset you. Don't cry. Please don't cry. We're … we're having a baby! I can't believe it. A baby. Jeez.\" He didn't know what to do, He wanted to jump around in delight, but he was also scared for his wife and needed to comfort her. He dropped to his knees next to the love of his life and wrapped her in a gentle hug. \"We'll have to move. I'm sorry but we'll have to leave our home. I'll need help with the baby, and we can't stay here. We barely survived last winter and we can't have a baby here. I can't risk my baby Steve. I can't lose my baby.\" She looked at her husband with scared, pleading eyes. \"I know love. I know. I'll think of something. Don't worry. I won't let you or our baby down.\" -0-0-0- A week later Steve came back from his trip to the remains of a nearby shopping complex. \"Sam, Sam. I raided Boots. There was still baby stuff on the shelves. I got bottles, some formula that's still in date, different sizes of nappies and lots of other stuff. And look at these cute baby grows. They'll need a wash, but a least we've got supplies.\" Sam emptied the cart and took the 'shopping' into their home to be stored away until they were needed. \"And I've heard something. I think it might be what we're looking for.\" Sam stopped and looked at her husband. \"I bumped into a bloke at Boots. He's heard that there is a village not far from here that is taking people in. It's a group of farms and workshops. They're operating like a sort of commune, you know, trading with each other and supporting each other. I thought it might be what we needed. The only problem is … it's just outside Newton Haven.\" He paused waiting for the information to sink in, and the inevitable reaction. Sam froze, her eyes wide. She slowly swallowed and hugged herself as she tried to control her feelings. It all sounded absolutely perfect, except … except Newton Haven. She didn't know if she could go back there. Not after everything. Not after Ollie. She sat there rocking slowly as she thought. She sat for what seemed like hours as Steve kept on with his chores and left her be, occasionally casting a worried glance in her direction. \"We'll do it.\" \"What? Are you sure?\" \"Yes. It's not like we have a choice. We've got to try.\" \"Ok. Ok.\" Steve looked around their home. \"If we're doing this we'll need to do it right. Just pack everything up and go.\" \"Yes. We can do that.\" \"Alright. It's only about ten miles so we can make it there in a day if we leave first thing. We'll have to make a cage for the chickens and we should take as much as we can. We can't go empty handed. You're a doctor. You've got useful skills. I'm sure they'll be delighted to take us in.\" \"Alright. I can do this. We can do this. Yeah. We can do this.\" She unwrapped herself from the bench she had been sat upon and slapped her palms resolutely on the table top. \"Right. Ok. When do you want to go?\" \"As soon as possible. If I build the chicken cage tomorrow, we can start packing the cart and be ready to leave by the end of the week. Hopefully this good weather will hold until then. Are you going to be OK to walk because I don't think they'll be any room in the cart.\" \"Steve, don't be an idiot. I'm barely showing so walking ten or so miles is not going to kill me.\" \"OK. So end of the week?\" \"Sounds like a plan to me.\" -0-0-0- Sam looked over her shoulder as they left the clearing and began down the track, walking away from their home, their refuge for the last year. A tear trickled down her cheek. She brushed it away angrily. They needed to do this and she wasn't going to let her fears sabotage them. Her baby needed a safe home. She focused her eyes on the back of her husband's head as he led their horse. Over the last year Steve had changed so much. His skin had tanned from the days working outside, and his body had strengthened. He'd also grown a beard as razors became difficult to obtain. She loved how he felt against her when they lay in bed. She wondered how she had overlooked him for so many years. Looking back it was so obvious that he'd fancied her ever since school, but she'd spent so much time at first drooling over and then dodging Gary, she'd never noticed her brother's quieter friend. Finally she'd upped sticks and left to follow her own dream. She'd spent twelve years at the Bristol Royal Infirmary both as a student, then as a junior doctor in the Emergency Department. The last few years she'd spent in Manchester where the pace was even more frenetic. She'd been thinking of slowing down and re-training into general practice to give herself a chance at a social life. Then Gary King happened and the whole planet went to hell in a hand basket. It wasn't really Gary's fault. After all it wasn't like he'd invited the alien invasion or killed Ollie. He was just the arse who had discovered it, stopped her brother from escaping in time and then pissed off the aliens so much they'd given up the Earth as a bad lot leaving devastation in their wake. In his own fucked up way, she supposed Gary had saved the human race from being dragged into some sort of galactic alliance. So it had thrown the planet back into the dark ages. So millions of people had died and those that hadn't were trying to scratch out a living in the shattered remains of their lives. In some respects Gary could be seen as a hero. No, he was a selfish arse and would always be a selfish arse. \"You ready for a break sweetheart?\" \"Yeah Steve. I could do with a drink and a snack.\" \"OK love. I reckon we're about a third of the way there. There should be a village up ahead. Probably best if we skirt round it. There's no point inviting trouble.\" They both knew that not everyone had adapted well to the new world order. Some communities had gone feral and were known to attack travellers to strip them of all their possessions. Their horse and cart would be a prime target for bandits. Sam rested for about thirty minutes, dozing in the warm sun before Steve nudged her awake and they set off again. It was in the half-light of evening when they approached the farm house. Sam was so tired she was perched on the back of the cart and dozing off. In the light coming from the farm house windows they could see a woman was in the farmyard shooing chickens into a coop for the night. Her head shot up sharply as she heard the sound of approaching hooves. Steve called out to prevent a hostile welcome. \"Hello. Hi, hello. Hi. We don't want trouble. Is this New Haven Village? We heard that you were a commune. Is this the right place?\" The woman finished locking away her chickens and wiped her hands on a cloth tucked in her belt. She approached them slowly, unsure of the strangers. \"This is Haven Farm. Can I help you?\" \"I hope so. We're looking for somewhere to live. You see my wife has just discovered she's pregnant and, well, we were living in Drayton Woods, but with the baby coming we need some help. We heard you take people in. I'm willing to work, and we'll share what we've got with anyone who will give us a home. My wife is a doctor, so I'm sure her knowledge would be helpful.\" \"A doctor?\" The woman's face lit up. \"Need a doctor. You have no idea. Come in, come in. I'll just call my husband. DARLING, NEW COMERS!\" Turning back to the visitors she gestured towards a large building to the side of the farmyard. \"We've got a pen in the barn you can put your chickens in until we can make sure their not diseased. Can't be too careful. They'll be safe enough in there overnight. There's feed and water for them too. You can put your horse in the stables. Hmm, not really a work horse but beggars can't be choosers. \" A practised hand ran over the animal. \"He'll do.\" The farmhouse door opened and a man could be seen approaching through the half-light of dusk. \"I'm Mandy by the way.\" She held her hand out in a gesture of friendship. Steve stepped forward to shake hands with the woman. \"Nice to meet you. I'm St …\" A familiar voice cut through his introduction. \"Steven Prince! W T F are you doing here? Steve, oh god, Steve. I can't believe it's you.\" \"Oliver? O-Man? No, you're dead. We saw that Blank. It damn near got us all. Shit, just stay away. You're dead. This can't be.\" Oliver looked shocked and bewildered as his friend shied away from him in fear, moving towards the back of the cart to protect whatever was there. \"Steve. It's me. They didn't kill me. It's a long story, but I survived, thanks to Mandy here. Please mate, don't be afraid. It really is me.\" \"No. Come on Sam, we've got to leave. We can't stay here. It's not safe.\" By now Steve was panicking, trying to keep himself between his wife and this ... thing. A sleepy voice came from the back of the cart. \"Are we there? Do we have to go? Can't we just stay the night? I'm so tired.\" \"Sam?\" Oliver stepped toward the cart, his hopes rising. \"Sam? Is that you? Sam? It's me. Sam?\" \"Stay away from my wife. You're not her brother! Just stay away.\" Steve's voice came out in a hysterical scream, his fists balling as he tried to find a weapon, any weapon, without taking his eyes off of the man in front of him who could not possibly exist. Sam turned her head towards the new voice. \"Ollie? Steve, why can I hear Ollie? Am I dead?\" \"No love. No. It's just a man. No-one important. Come on. We need to leave now.\" All the while Steve was manoeuvring himself between his wife and the approaching man. Mandy tapped Ollie on the shoulder. No-one had noticed her return to the farmhouse. She handed her husband a knife. \"Here you go darling. Show them.\" Oliver turned toward Steve. \"I am the real Oliver Martin Chamberlain and I can prove it. Look.\" And with that he drew the knife lightly across the fleshy bulge at the base of his thumb. Blood began to bead and well. \"Look Steve. It's red, not blue. I'm me.\" Steve grabbed the man's palm and stared at the blood as it welled. \"Shit, mate.\" Shock turned to delight as all the fear and anger drained from Steve's body, and suddenly Oliver was engulfed in a tight hug. \"Oliver. Christ. How did you do it? You had a Blank. Basil told us what happened to the husks. How did you get away?\" \"That's down to luck and Mandy. I'll tell you about it later. In the mean-time can I see Sam?\" \"Shit, course mate. Sam, Sam, it's Ollie. Sam, wake up.\" Sam tried to open her eyes, but was too tired to register what was happening. Mandy stepped forward. \"The poor kid's exhausted. Ollie, take her in and tuck her in the spare room. Steve, come on, let's get your animals and things sorted. Just bring in what you need for tonight and we'll sort out everything else tomorrow. Ollie darling, wrap a cloth round that hand. I don't want blood on the bedclothes.\" -0-0-0- She awoke slowly. Everything was so soft. Soft mattress, soft sheets and soft lighting. Sunlight was shimmering through curtains. They didn't have curtains in their home. Where was she and where was Steve? She looked around the strange bedroom she found herself in. A double bed. A dressing table under the window. It looked old, possibly 1930's. A chest of drawers, two bedside tables and a wardrobe completed the set. Slowly she raised her head. Suddenly she had a desperate need to find a bathroom. She scrambled out of bed, barely noticing the floral print nightie she was in. A bright yellow post it note on the door said 'BATHROOM – TURN RIGHT, SECOND ON RIGHT. Then come downstairs for food (if you can face it)' Opening the door she followed the instructions, just making it to the loo in time. Having emptied her stomach, she took advantage of the facilities to answer the call of nature. A bucket of water sat beside the loo. She poured some down to wash away the waste. She followed the instructions to enter the kitchen. A cheerful woman at the sink turned towards her as she entered. \"Good morning sleepy head. Here's a glass of water for you and I'll make some peppermint tea once the kettle boils. I'm Mandy by the way. We met yesterday but I think you were too out of it to remember. Grab a seat and I'll get you some breakfast. I assume porridge would be the best thing – how does that sound?\" \"Yeah, good thanks. Errm, where's Steve?\" \"He's outside feeding the animals. We've been up for a few hours, but don't worry about it. You had a long day yesterday and I suspect today won't be much different, but we'll talk about that later once the men get back.\" \"Men?\" \"Yeah. Steve and err, my husband. Um. Look, I'm heating up some water so you can have a bath after you've finished eating. I bet you haven't had one of those in a while. I'll bring it up to the bathroom for you. Steve put a change of clothes in the drawers for you. The men will be back in a while for lunch. We can all talk then. In the mean-time just relax. You're quite safe here, so don't fret. OK?\" \"Yeah OK. Err, Mandy? Thanks.\" \"My pleasure. You have no idea how good it is to have you here.\" -0-0-0- Sam was sitting at the kitchen table chopping carrots and Mandy was cleaning a rabbit for the pot when Steve walked in through the back door. Mandy shouted from her place by the kitchen sink \"BOOTS OFF BY THE BACK DOOR AND ANY DIRTY CLOTHES. NAIL BRUSH, SOAP AND WATER ARE IN THE PUMP ROOM ON THE LEFT. HAVE A GOOD SCRUB UP. WE'RE IN THE KITCHEN.\" Sam could hear her husband washing, then heard the back door open again. Steve said 'hello' to someone, and she could hear another man also washing in the back room. Steve walked in, wrapping his arms round his wife and planting a kiss on her head. He threw a worried look at Mandy who glanced pointedly at the knife Sam was using. Sam saw the silent exchange and was becoming confused. Steve gently took the knife from his wife's hand then moved the carrots. Mandy indicated a cloth next to the sink. \"Here you go Steve. Give Sam this cloth to wipe her hands. I would, but I'm a bit busy with this rabbit.\" After her hands were cleaned, Steve returned to sit beside her. He clasped her hands and gently drew circles on her wrists with his thumbs. \"Sweetheart. I don't want you to get over excited, but we have some news.\" Steve again cast a worried glance at Mandy. \"What Steve? What is it? You're beginning to scare me.\" \"It's ok. It's nothing to be scared about. It just might be a bit of a shock. Errm, you remember that night in Newton Haven, when we … errm … we lost Ollie.\" Sam was really worried now. \"Of course I remember. The Blanks killed him. How could I forget?\" \"Well, err, that's not quite what happened.\" \"What do you mean? He went to the gents and then that Blank came out. I should have spotted the birthmark on his temple but I didn't. If I had maybe I would have been in time to save him.\" At this Mandy let out a sharp intake of breath. \"Oh Sam love, don't think like that. In almost every case you would have been too late. The memories were taken as part of the … um … Blank creation process. The Original person was dead as soon as the process was complete. It only took seconds. There was just no brain activity left once they were done.\" \"Ollie.\" Sam whispered as tears began to fall. \"Oh sweetheart, don't cry, please don't cry. It's ok really.\" \"How can it be ok? My brother is DEAD!\" \"Yes, well about that … \" came a familiar voice from behind her. Sam turned sharply to face the man who had just entered the kitchen. \"Ollie?\" \"Hi sis. And before you ask, I'm not a Blank. I'm the original Oliver Martin Chamberlain, your not so big brother. \" \"Ollie. But how?\" \"Mandy and I think it was a combination of my high blood alcohol level and my Bluetooth ear piece interfering with their brain sucking. Whatever happened I was only copied, not transferred. Mandy found me alive and brought me back here to keep me safe. Then Newton Haven blew up and I've been here ever since.\" \"But Mandy said her husband was here.\" \"Yeah, well that would be me.\" \"Really, married?\" \"Yep. Don't looked so shocked. And in about five months I'm planning to be a dad as well.\" Sam's shocked face swung from Ollie to Mandy and back again. \"A baby?\" \"Yeah. Which is why we were so glad you showed up. We only have a vet in the village at the moment as all the Newton Haven doctors were replaced. You're going to be in demand young lady. Now, are you feeling up to giving me a hug because I've really missed my not so little sis.\" Sam stood on shaky legs and turned towards her brother. They fell together hugging and stroking and just confirming that the other was real. Sam sniffled and wiped happy tears from her eyes with the cuffs of her jumper. Then she dinked his nose. \"Oi, gerroff\" squealed her brother, swatting at the offending finger. Sam giggled for the first time in a very long time. Steve was delighted to see his wife childishly happy. He'd missed it more than he'd realised. Ollie turned to Steve slapping him on the back. \"And you mate. I told Mandy, if anyone could get Sam out safely it would be you.\" \"Yeah well, as you'd buggered off I thought I'd do my duty.\" \"Bloody cheek. But I'm so glad you did. Thank you. And you're married. And pregnant Mandy was saying. Do I need to have the Talk with you mate?\" \"Bit late for that. But yeah we are. Sam reckons about fourteen weeks.\" \"Damn, not too far behind us then.\" \"Yep. So we're going to need to find a home and settle in before too long. We heard about this sort of commune. Is it near here?\" \"Commune? Well I suppose it sort of is. And you're here already. After Newton Haven blew all of us who were outside in the farms and villages began to club together, bartering and sharing what we had just to survive. Mandy was already pretty much self-sufficient here anyway as she hated going in to Newton Haven knowing what was going on there. Working together just made sense. And then people began turning up exchanging skills and services for food and accommodation. Without the diesel for the tractors we needed man power for the animals and crops. We've even got some Blanks working in the fields – they got a bit lost once they lost their connection to their command centre, but they work damn hard. The old mill and farm museum over at Little Marshfield joined in making flour and animal feed, and the blacksmith at the museum is creating replica tools for the labourers. We've got a couple of weavers, a cobbler and leather worker who's branching out into making shoes. One of the farms still had an orchard and we've got a bee keeper set up in there. We've even got a couple of brewers. In fact we're doing pretty ok. Oh, and Sam, we've got a herbalist who's got loads of information on old remedies and can make medicinal oils and tinctures. She can't match you for medical knowledge but should be able to help. I know it's a bit alternative but as there's no more drugs it's the best we've got.\" \"Wow, you're really set up here aren't you mate.\" \"Yeah, not bad at all considering. And now you're both here it's brilliant. Look, Mandy and I were talking last night and, if you're OK with it, we can't see any reason why you don't just stay here, with us, in the house. I mean, it's huge with loads of bedrooms and space. You could practically have a whole floor to yourselves. In the short term you may as well stay here anyway, but, if you do want to stay we'd love to have you. No pressure. Talk about it. There's no rush to decide.\" -0-0-0- And that's how the Princes came to live with the Chamberlains at Haven Farm. And how New Haven sprang from the ashes of Newton Haven. And there we are. What did you think? I'd love to know. Don't forget to follow me on tumblr ","Summary":" I own nothing. All credit to Simon Pegg, Edgar Wright and all involved in making The World's End. B"},{"Movie":"World's End","Title":"To Err is Human","Author":"Beanst3r","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12242557","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The ruins of Cambridge were more desolate than Gary could have ever imagined. Littering every street, there were wrecked cars, smashed windows, knocked down doors, and the like. He didn't bear thinking about what happened to the families that used to reside there. A month after \"the pulse\", dust was still falling. It had become part of Earth's atmosphere, of their weather system. If it wasn't \"sunny\", it was an atomic storm. Gary had had his fair share of experiences with those, and each time he had barely escaped with his life. He was so sober these days he had considered thanking whatever god was watching over him. As he walked through another empty street, he let his mind wander. He trudged through the skeleton of the city, keeping an eye out for anything of value. He paused to look at a lifeless body of a blank. It was wearing a black and orange hoodie, ranch jeans, and a pair of converse. It's head was caved in, blue liquid spilt all over the pavement. It was also missing an arm. Gary put two and two together and mournfully realised that this blank must have had the appearance of a teenager. Simply the thought process threw his back to when he and his four friends were fighting for their lives in that restroom, where teenage blanks had ambushed them. The good old days, when everyone was still together. Him, Andrew, Peter, Oliver, and Steven. The Five Musketeers. Gary smiled for a second before releasing a choked sob, a stray tear running down his cheek. He took off his black shades and wiped them with his jacket, blowing each lens before placing them back on his face. He took a break from his emotional throw-back to look over his shoulder at his friends, walking just a few paces behind them. He smiled at them, furrowing his eyebrows and mouthing \"you alright?\". Of course, they all smiled back and nodded. In sync. Gary's smile faded a little as he turned back to focus on navigating the city. He pulled out his notebook at studied his hastily-drawn map, looking up and back down occasionally to add points of interest to it. But soon he found himself trailing from his task once more. With being an ex-alcoholic and alcohol being a rare commodity in today's world there was little to keep him occupied, so he turned to daydreaming instead. This time his mind turned to the events that had passed a little over a month ago. The one that had set the planet on it's downward-spiraling path. The one whose very center he stood at Sometimes Gary blames himself for humanity's degraded condition, and other do to. But looking back on it, it was either this or be killed and replaced by a blank version of him. He decided that he liked the sound of the former much better. Every now and then his boot would crunch a stray piece of glass, drawing his attention away from his thoughts momentarily until they enveloped him once more. However, he was soon brought back to reality once more as he walked straight into something. He gave a small yelp from surprise before moving back to study what he had walked into. He was that it was some sort of barricade, but whoever built it really didn't want anyone getting through. It was about a quarter the height of the buildings either side of it, and composed of road signs, tires, bits of concrete, and some other things Gary couldn't make out. Although he couldn't see anything that would harm him or his friends if they climbed over. He turned to tell his friends his plan, when he was greeted with the sight of two strangers. They both wore scruffy, torn clothes, their faces were tired. One was holding a pistol, whilst the other carried an assault rifle, and it was pointed right at Gary. He suspected these people meant to raid him and his friends of their possessions. The expression in the eyes of the one whole held the pistol were vacant, empty, dormant. Most certainly a Blank, or a druggie. The eyes of the rifle-holder however, burned with rage. Most of humanity knew who Gary King was, and they despised both him and the Blanks. The rifle-holder licked his lips before speaking. \"Gary… Gary fucking King… The man himself!\" He exclaimed, raising his gun with his left hand before bringing it back down. Not that Gary was nervous or anything, but it wasn't exactly easy to stay calm when there's a firearm pointed right at you. He tried to keep a cool head and replied. \"Yep! The one and only!\" He threw his arms up in exaggeration. He didn't mean to, it was just instinct to make himself known whenever someone asked. A habit he wished would break already. \"What can I do for you mate? Autograph? Life story?\" He asked with a nervous chuckle. The stranger clicked his safety off. \"Nah, I ain't looking for answers. Just vengeance…\" He spun around and walked towards his friends. Their eyes followed him as he drew near, watching his every move. \"Keep an eye on him\" he ordered his partner as he passed. It gave a simple nod and walked towards Gary, raising his gun level to his head without hesitation. Meanwhile the stranger was examining his friends. He turned back to Gary. \"You seriously brought three Blanks along to be your little buddies?\" He asked. Gary looked past the stranger's Blank to look at his friends. Three? Andy, Pete, Steve… Ollie. Gary panicked internally. Where the hell was- His peripheral vision caught movement in the building adjacent to him. He remembered what he has taught him. Smart kid. Gary's eyes darted to the floor. There was a piece of rubar right at his feet. Remembering that he had be asked a question, and not wanting to raise suspicion, he quickly answered. \"Uh… Well… The apocalypse can get lonely you know…\" Oliver was getting closer. \"Gotta have a bit o' company, right? Bit lonely otherwise...\" He said with an uneasy smile. The stranger dipped his head to the side and chuckled, his eyes were shut. Uh oh. \"Lonely…\" He said, raising his rifle. \"What would you possibly know about being lon-\" Suddenly Ollie stepped out of nowhere, bringing a 2x4 plank of wood down on the arm that the Blank was holding the gun with. It broke right through, completely shattering the forearm and causing blue liquid to squirt out of it. Gary took the moment of confusion to bend down. The Blank turned it's whole upper body to look at Oliver, their eyes locking. It furrowed it's brows for a second, almost confused, before it's head suddenly exploded sideways. Oliver stepped back in \"surprise\" as an audible whrrrr emitted from the Blank. The tone lower before going completely silent. The Blank dropped to it's knees, liquid running down it's shirt, before collapsing onto it's front. Oliver looked up at Gary to see him panting heavily, hefting a large piece of rubar in both hands. He dropped it. It crumbled the second it hit the floor. He wiped several beads of sweat from his forehead and rested his hands on his knees. \"Christ…\" He whispered. He looked up at Oliver and nodded to him, signifying his gratitude. He nodded back. Gary knew that he didn't really understand, but it made him feel less alone. Or who knows, maybe the Blanks really could understand after all. Gary didn't know anymore. In all honesty this Aliens, Blanks, and the \"planet going dark business\" was still surreal to him, and occasionally he pinched himself in the hopes that he would wake up in that minuscule bed in that minuscule apartment of his. There he goes again, daydreaming. Several sirens started up in quick succession out of nowhere, their piercing sounds worming their way straight into Gary's temple. His right hand raced to aid it, not that it would do any good. \"What the hell?\" He eventually grumbled through gritted teeth. \"I thought there wasn't electricity anymore…\" He pondered to himself, before hearing a scream a second later. He head snapped in the direction of where the scream originated, and dropped his jaw, horrified. Andy had the man held firmly by the shoulders, whilst Pete had an iron grip on his legs. Steve however, was standing in front of him, palm outstretched, ready to do what they do best. All their mouths were open, their eyes glowing a bright cyan colour, and emitting that god-awful sound. Sure, people had been horrible to Gary, but he promised himself to fight only those who tried to start one. He pushed past his mind's cloud of surprise and came to his senses. \"Hey! Whoa whoa! STOP!\" He yelled as he walked quickly towards them. All their heads whipped round to look at him, stopping him in his tracks. Their eyes were dazzling him. He raised his hand to shield his eyes from the glare of the light. Gary was reminded of The Beehive, where they saw the Blanks' true form, and where he was in arguably the biggest pub brawl of his life. He would never forget that moment Andrew - the real Andrew - drove a bar stool through Oliver's head, cracking it open, spilling blue everywhere. Gary's friends released the man and stood up together. They shut their lights shut, and waited for him to speak. \"What do I say about all this?\" He asked. \"Huh? Tell me.\" They looked at each other. \"Tell me!\" He ordered them. Ollie joined in, and they spoke in sync: \" To err is human, to forgive, divine\" \"Right.\" He said, with a slightly condescending tone. \"That's what I thought.\" He let out a sigh of relief, before a small grin revealed itself. \"C'mon then lads! We've got stuff to do!\" he said enthusiastically. His mood had improved drastically, and he once again pushed the fact that they were Blanks to the far corners of his mind. \"Ohhh, I see\" Came a smug voice from behind him. \"You ain't got your friends no more, so you picked up this lot as a cheap replacement ey? Verryyyyy dignified.\" Gary stopped walking. He gave out another sigh, but this one was deeper in tone. More jagged. More angry. Gary turned and walked over to where the fallen Blank lay and picked up it's pistol. He examined it and pulled the chamber back. It was loaded. He gripped the pistol tightly, before walking over to the man. He seemed a little less relaxed now, a slight expression of fear replacing his previously smug one. He tried to shuffle backwards, but he was clearly still a little shaken up from his near-death encounter just now. Gary walked right up to him, and with no hesitation planted his boot on his chest. The man gave a little whimper. He rested his pistol arm on this knee, applying more pressure to his foot. The man began to gasp. \"You- you think you're so tough don't you?\" He choked. \"Think you're above us all, huh?\" Gary feigning interest, nodding his head sarcastically. \"Well, you know…\" He said, letting the pistol slip from his grasp just a little, so that the barrel was pointing right at the choking, gasping man. Tears were now flowing down his cheeks. \"They don't call me the King for nothing.\" He said, as he lifted off of potato-face. He looked up at Gary, his face full of rage. \"Fu-\" Gary wasted no time in emptying an entire clip into his face. That shut him up real quick. The fresh holes in his flesh burned and smoked as his head dropped back, hitting the ground with a soft thud . As his final breath escaped him, he still wore the angriest expression Gary had ever seen. One of them, anyway. Prick. He holstered the now-empty gun into his belt and turned back to his friends. They were all just staring at him, expressionless as ever. He strode over to them. \"C'mon\" He said with a pat on Pete's shoulder. \"We've got things to do.\" With that, they turned and followed Gary, and the five of them began to climb the barricade. They reached the top and slid down, one by one. First Pete, then Ollie, Steve, and then Andy. Gary was the last to go. He perched himself on the edge, and slid down. But not before taking one last look at Mr. Potato. Gary felt like he should apologise, or say something . \"Sorry mate.\" Was all he could think of. At that, he slid down the other side to rejoin his friends, vanishing from sight. ","Summary":" The ruins of Cambridge were more desolate than Gary could have ever imagined. Littering every stree"},{"Movie":"World's End","Title":"Winter Kept Us Warm","Author":"Insomniac Owl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9690792","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Winter Kept Us Warm By Insomniac Owl Six months after the aliens leave, the O-man loses both arms to some bloke with a cricket racket before Andy pulls him off. One's gone at the elbow, the other at the shoulder. Gary cobbles something together from a pair of golf clubs, and it becomes a running joke to yell 'Fore!' during fights, whenever the O-man pulls back for a swing. There are a lot of fights. So it's only a matter of time before something else happens. That November, someone puts a fist through one side of Peter's head. The woman that does it has one of those facial tattoos everyone seems to be getting, because Blanks can't - something about scarring, about what they're made of. Before they know about this, Gary convinces Andy to get a matching Sisters of Mercy tattoo, but doesn't take; the ink keeps running off. Peter's depth perception is shot, after that, but he was never very good in fights anyway, so Gary doesn't count it much of a loss. But then they lose Steven. Gary wakes for his turn at guard duty one night, and Steven just isn't there. They're supposed to keep moving, but Gary keeps them in unfriendly territory for three more days, scouring the black market and the shadier doctor's offices, and only agrees to leave when Peter is attacked by a gang of children. They beat the shit out of him. Gary makes a few jokes about that, but it's not really funny with Steven gone. There's a ragged space in the phalanx during bar brawls, and the balance of the group is off. \"He might have just left, you know,\" Andy tells him over the fire a few nights later. It's Gary's watch, but Andy couldn't sleep, he said, too many fucking crickets. He'd kill for a siren in the distance. \"He wouldn't,\" Gary says. He's trying to balance a bit of grass between his thumbs to make a grass whistle, but it's not working. The sound is low and pathetic as an old man's fart. \"Maybe not. But he always felt like he had to prove himself when you were around.\" Gary pitches the blade of grass into the flames. \"I thought you lot were only supposed to remember the good times, the Friday nights.\" Andy gives him a long look over the fire. Gary shoved a dandelion through his second buttonhole two days ago, and it's still there, but the petals have gone all wilty and dry. Andy stands. \"I'm sorry we couldn't find him, either way.\" And he's probably right. But this is what they have, now. This is what Gary bought for the world with blood and beer and Primal Scream lyrics shouted from a tabletop. The ability to choose. They lose Oliver next. Someone smashes his head in during a brawl on the side of the road - highway robbers, like the god damn Wild West. Gary ties a rope round one of Oliver's golf-club wrists and leads him like a dog for four days, silent and uncomplaining through the blasted landscape, but after a while he can't take the sight of him anymore. And what can he do, then, but leave him? Oliver doesn't hear anything he says, the apologies or the self-recriminations, or how his voice breaks when he says goodbye. One of the golf clubs jerks up to catch him in the shoulder, and then, more slowly, to pat at the side of his face. Apparently satisfied, Oliver drops his hand back into his lap. He doesn't see Gary walk away. They wander, for a while, up north to Glasgow and the Scottish hills, where the world is so green and gorgeous it's hard to imagine everywhere else is a smoking ruin. Maybe there are still places in the world that look so perfect, Gary thinks, standing on the porch of some farmer's croft. There are several bottles of good scotch in the liquor cabinet, but he hasn't touched them. He keeps thinking about Oliver and Steven and Peter's half-shattered face. The landscape is beautiful but it doesn't bring him any peace. The Blanks weren't meant to live in this world, Gary thinks in the middle of the next fight, this time over a purple knit hat some arsehole stole from Peter. Peter's hidden under a table, the hat clutched in one hand, and Gary watches, horrified and numb, when a big bloke, bigger than Andy at forty years old, executes an elbow strike on top of it. An explosion of shattered skin-colored pieces and blue shoots out across the floor, and Andy has to drag him out of the bar in a chokehold. He can't get his feet to work properly and he wants to claw someone's eyes out with his fingernails. \"What's the point of this?\" he asks, later. His face is tear-streaked and puffy; Andy's a checkered blur in the corner of his vision. \"You all keep on fucking dying .\" \"Maybe,\" Andy says, slowly, \"you should find people who don't die so easily.\" \"Wait, you mean - \" Andy turns half away, then shrugs. \"Just an idea. You're the leader.\" Gary throws his head back, choking on laughter or the beginning of a sob. \"Leader of what?\" Andy doesn't answer. This Andy is eighteen years old and he doesn't know what it's like to be forty one and see your world break apart around you. This was supposed to be a new beginning. Everyone got with who they were supposed to, in the end. They were all supposed to be happy. Sam and Steven, Andy - the real Andy - and his wife, Gary and these sooty sword-wielding bell ends. And he loves them, he does. Leaving Oliver by the side of the road like rubbish was one of the hardest things he's ever done. But it's just him and Andy, now, and one day Andy will go as well, and what will he be left with then? \"By the time we were in our last year of uni,\" Gary says, pulling his shirt up to wipe his eyes, \"everyone had pretty much drifted apart except you and me. I didn't care about myself anymore, and I wanted to know… to know that somebody did. To prove it to myself. So I called you.\" He swallows, head down. \"You drove me to the hospital at four times the limit, and I was planning to wait until you picked me up and started carrying me in, because you loved me, you would have done that, and then I was - I was gonna shout 'Surprise!' and grab you, and it was gonna be a great laugh. Except you drove us off the road. Checking on me, or something, I don't know, it's all kind of screwy, even now. I panicked. I - I ran. You spent sixteen hours in surgery and then six days in jail and I never fucking visited you. Not once.\" He chances a quick glance up, sees Andy staring at him with this intent look on his face. It's a strange expression on an eighteen year old, yet another reminder that he isn't human. The Blanks never get any of his jokes, and he had to teach them how to fight; Andy won four wrestling tournaments in high school and Gary had to teach the new one how to put someone in a headlock. He might look the same, but he didn't know who the Sisters of Mercy were. He still likes sunflower seeds and stupid pranks and summer more than spring but he doesn't remember driving off the road that night, even though it's the third most important night of Gary's life. He's good with a greatsword. The real Andy never had been. \"I abandoned you,\" Gary says, voice thick. He's trying to pack something into those words that might not fit or might, if it does, be beyond the understanding of this alien replica of his best friend at eighteen. \"Do you get it?\" \"I think so,\" Andy says. \"Do you mean you want -\" \"I'm not saying anything, okay, I just - never mind. Forget about it.\" Gary wipes the scummy gunk of tears from his eyes with the heel of his hand, pushes himself to his feet. \"I'll go get some more water, and then we can do the washing up.\" But Andy must have understood more than the thinks, because when Gary comes back with the water, he's gone. His things are gone as well, the walking stick and the sword and the knapsack they picked up at an Asco's up north, just before it started to snow. The days are cold, and the nights colder, but Blanks don't feel it. So Andy might have left him a heavy winter coat, but the real Andy would have stayed. He would have stayed even if Gary begged him to go in exactly so many words. Gary stands at the edge of their meager camp, staring at the footprints leading north into muddy slush. He could follow him, he thinks. Andy's not so far ahead yet, and all the walking they've done has Gary in the best shape of his life. He could catch up. But he can see the sign for the A1 in the distance, and that will lead him down the eastern edge of England, all the way to London. Walking, he could be there in less than a week. Picking up his knapsack, Gary heads south. He has water in a few pubs and in Newark-on-Trent he discovers a small cache of Glenmorangie Original that he sells for a packet on the black market. With the money, he buys himself a sleek black horse. It eats the grass by the roadside and drinks at the rivers, and when he can convince it to lay down at night it keeps him warm. He names it Andrew, and doesn't think about what that means. When he reaches London he goes south, to Peter's old house. It's the only place he can think to look. London proper is a blasted ruin; his own apartment has burned to the ground and so have Andy's and Steven's. But there is movement inside Peter's. Gary, shaking his shoulders out, is preparing to knock when the door swings open. \"Gary!\" It's Peter. Or, not Peter, but a robot replica of him. There's a tell-tale blankness in the eyes before he speaks that Gary recognizes, two years in. He tries to smile. \"Hey. How's things?\" \"Oh, fine, you know. What are you doing here?\" \"Um,\" he reaches to scratch at his scalp. \"Looking for Andy, I suppose. Sam and Steven as well, if you've seen them.\" \"Ah. Well, last I heard Steven and Sam - they're together, now, you know - had a little house down south in Greenwich.\" \"Greenwich? What the fuck for?\" \"It's a nice place, actually. In that park near the astronomy museum. They had me over for tea, once.\" \"Mm. Well… cheers.\" There doesn't seem to be much else to say. \"Guess I'll be seeing you.\" Peter puts a hand out, but doesn't touch him. \"Do you want some meatloaf, before you go? We killed a cow last fall, and the snow keeps the meat fresh.\" He's smiling, eager to please, and in that way he is the same as Peter ever was. But there's a shallowness to his smile, an accommodating affability to his manners that is common to all Blanks after the aliens left. It's why Andy left when Gary asked him to. It's why Peter invites him in. But still. He hasn't had meatloaf in years. \"Sure,\" he says, then jerks a thumb over his shoulder. \"D'you mind if Andrew trims your grass?\" \"Andr - oh. Not at all. Go ahead,\" he says past Gary's shoulder, chuckling as he turns back into the house. \"Andrew. Andrew the horse.\" The meatloaf is beef with onions from the garden Peter's wife keeps out back, and is better even than the cheese balls he and Andy ate for a week straight their first year at uni. Peter's wife looks tired. She probably looked tired before all this. She watches him suspiciously the entire time they're in the room together, but cuts him a thick slice, and for that he loves her. \"Don't worry,\" he tells her, \"I'm not taking Peter with me. That ship only sailed once.\" She lays down the knife, lays her hands flat against the countertop. \"He's a shit husband, now, but a good dad,\" she says. Her voice trembles a bit, but steadies when she looks at him. \"That counts for a lot these days.\" \"I'm sure he's great.\" Gary swallows, stabs at another chunk meatloaf. \"This meatloaf, though, is fucking amazing.\" \"We've children in the house,\" she says, but one corner of her mouth turns up. \"Right, sorry. Could I, uh, get some more of this for the road? It is honestly the best thing I've ever tasted.\" \"Oh, off with you.\" She's smiling openly when she and Peter see him to the door, and when he untangles Andrew's reins from the fence and swings himself up. Their house is small, the windows covered with vines instead of glass, but they look happy. Happy enough. Maybe that's all that matters. But what he's looking for isn't here, so he presses his heels into Andrew's sides, and they move on, through the city to the banks of the River Thames, where the water has frozen solid enough for Andrew to walk on. It's dawn by the time he finally finds the house. It sits in the middle of the park, trees overgrown and wild on all sides, a tent pitched beyond it in the long grass. It's set on a hill, with what would have been a lovely view three years ago. Now all there is to see is the ruined remains of London. The Eye, Big Ben, Parliament and Westminster, the blackened shells of skyscrapers in the financial district. Saint Peter's, soot-black but intact, looms like an omen on the horizon. But Gary's had enough of signs. This might be what he's been looking for these past few months. Andrew snuffles and stomps beside him; in the tent, a baby wails twice and then quiets. Gary considers knocking on Sam and Steven's door. Considers doing a knock-and-run, but his knee still hurts from his last fight. He wouldn't be able to run fast enough. He doesn't have to knock, though, because from the tent comes the sound of a zipper being undone, and someone's head rises from the other side. It's a big head, a bit squareish from the back, attached to familiar shoulders. Andy turns. He drops the pot he's holding and water goes everywhere, steaming in the morning cold. Gary cackles. He'd forgotten how much he loves this man. \"Fuck!\" Andy swears. \"You're boiling the next god damn pot you bas tard.\" And then Gary's crushed in a hug, and he's laughing and hugging him back and messing up Andy's hair. Andy's lost a little weight - it'd be hard not to, eating nothing but what they can grow themselves - but he's still big, and there's a comforting solidity to him that Gary's missed. The robot Andy had always felt like he was going to tip over, nothing inside him but blue. \"Your glasses, man,\" he says. \"Annie dropped them; I had to make do. What's your excuse for the hat?\" \"Annie? Who's Annie?\" \"Oh - my daughter.\" He's blushing, if Gary's seeing right. His voice is soft and proud. \"She just turned one.\" \"You're taking the piss.\" \"I swear I'm not. Gary, Gary hang on. You… you look sober.\" \"It's a lot harder to be a proper alcoholic, these days.\" Gary shrugs, like that's all there is to it, like he hadn't spent two miserable weeks vomiting and shaking in an abandoned farmhouse, unable to find anything to drink and dying, actually dying, for that to be different. Sometimes he wishes Andy had been there with him, but he always takes it back. No need for Andy to see him like that, not when it means he can stare at Gary now with this soft, stupid expression on his face. After a while Gary got used to not drinking, and used to being sober, and used to imagining Andy's - the real Andy's - disappointment in him if he started again. And at first there were fights to fill the void, but now the alcohol is part and parcel of a past he wants very little to do with anymore. \"So,\" he says, \"are you gonna show me this progeny of yours, then? I won't believe it till I see it.\" His voice goes soft. \"Always thought you'd be a good dad, though. You took care of me for long enough.\" \"That's because - \" Andy cuts himself off, smiles, shakes his head. \"I'm alright. Give me a second; I'll bring her out.\" The baby is a bundle of blankets that fits into the length of Andy's forearm, with a pink little face and tiny closed eyelids. Except for a few wisps of curly brown hair, she looks a lot like Andy. \"Hullo,\" Gary says, leaning to see her. \"She's adorable, mate, well done.\" Andy offers to let him hold her, but Gary won't do it; her skull looks fragile as an eggshell, and he's never been good with precious things. Andy makes him anyway. After a while they drift toward the ruined cityscape, toward the pink sky and the rising sun. Gary hands the baby over, but lets his horse wander, pulling at the cold grass; he never goes far. \"There's an empty house down the street from ours,\" Andy says into the quiet. Gary turns to look at him. \"Yeah?\" \"Two bedrooms, one bath. The people who lived there kept it pretty nice.\" Gary plucks a bit of thread from his coat, rolls it slowly between his fingers. \"Alright,\" he says. \"But you have to help me find furniture.\" \"Course.\" There are a lot of things Andy could ask about, then. The sword, his sobriety, the lack of Blanks. But he doesn't say anything. Neither of them do. They just stand there, shoulder to shoulder, watching the sun rise over the ruins of a civilization, over the beginnings of something new. We fight for what we want, Andy said, in a bar once years ago, and Gary's sick of watching the people he loves die or drift away. So he's making a choice. And maybe this was always where he was meant to be anyway: on a hill at dawn with Andy at his side. It's not a bad place to be, this time around. ","Summary":" Winter Kept Us Warm By Insomniac Owl Six months after the aliens leave, the O-man loses both arms t"},{"Movie":"World's End","Title":"He Could No Longer Use His Visual Functions","Author":"MalkyTop","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9633228","Passage":"[Chapter 1] He could no longer use his visual functions. It didn't mean he was unaware of his environment – he was perfectly able to utilize his remaining senses. His auditory systems relayed the sounds of grass and dirt underneath his own feet, of trees rustling in the wind, of a nearby lake (that he had almost stepped into by accident). His olfactory senses laid out the smell of nature and the smell of burning atmosphere – which was utterly inescapable, nowadays – and the smell of salt and sweat and tears. And the smell of gunpowder from a recently fired 12 gauge shotgun. Automatic systems perused normal behavioral reactions to a situation like this and sent impulses to his arms so that he would raise his hands in supplication. (And not for the first time, he would wonder if he was really a 'he.' Oliver Chamberlain was a 'he,' but he was not Oliver Chamberlain and had no biological functions that determined sex nor did he partake in a society that placed gender norms based on those biological functions.) His synthetic neurons reached out for those of his own kind to seek any missing information, ask for help, transmit coordinates, anything , and found only emptiness. He had already known it was a futile course of action, that as soon as The Network left it took away the comfort he had in having a family, so to speak, in his own mind at all times, with information and memory banks stored in separate units but accessible to all in an instantaneous…network, for lack of a better word. But it was an action as automatic as breathing, if he were an organic being that needed to breathe. And every time he failed, it was a reminder that he was a social machine with an inability to be social in the manner he was built for. There was a metaphorical emptiness, a vast cranial space where the world's entire knowledge used to be. His cultural dictionary informed him that vast cranial space was often thought to indicate vast intelligence. What utter shit. The human with the gun was emitting noises now. His auditory systems sent the data to be parsed by his internal encyclopedia of human emotions and how they expressed them through sounds, and then sent a copy of the data to his language-interpreting systems to compare the sounds to every single word available to his knowledge. As an afterthought, he sent another copy to a small secret place in his memory banks. The human was female, judging by the pitch of the voice. The female was crying very loudly, but at the same time, shouting some rather strong vulgarities. This indicated that she was not crying out of sadness, at least not entirely, but out of fear, or rage, or maybe both. The female spoke in English, which made sense, seeing as he never left England. From the angle of the sound waves, she was either remarkably tall or elevated in some manner. Standing on a porch, perhaps, seeing as the ground seemed to be mostly level. He may have stumbled across a private cottage. In which case, he had accidentally trespassed upon someone's perceived property, which was causing said person to threaten to blow his head off, a threat that he couldn't help but feel was redundant. The small secret place in his memory banks recognized the voice in association with a conceptual entity that was tied to a physical being known as my sister . Not in those words, but in a remembered life he never lived and events associated with a person he never knew. The Network had programmed in a list of behavioral rules that were judged to create the best possible type of social interaction to prime humans for galactic-level civilization. They were as followed: First, smile. Second, converse amicably about mundane subjects and contemporary pop culture. Third, determine whether conversation partner is able to contribute meaningfully to the betterment of humankind through probing questions about their psyche and temperament. Fourth, if conversation partner is not able to contribute meaningfully but is willing to elevate him/herself above the common masses, leave. If conversation partner is disagreeable or turns violent, transfer him/her to an Emptying Station. The list was a little out-of-date by this point, but he still fell into its orderly rules, feeling the ghost of the comfort he used to have. He had only gone partway through step two (\"Hello, Sam, do you live here now? This is a very lovely spot for a home.\") when my sister shot him in the shoulder. Somehow, he managed to stay upright. \"How dare you,\" she wailed through labored breaths. \"How dare you come to my house, saying my name while looking like him! Pretending to be him! Why are you here?!\" He didn't understand the question. His language-interpreting systems understood the words, and he certainly understood the intent behind the question, but there was a disconnect somewhere along the line. A disconnect that only made itself apparent when it came to topics involving purpose and intent behind actions. He fell back on step one while considering other behavioral rules to follow upon. \"I'm sorry, that question is not – \" \"Don't smile with his smile!\" Her voice was now tinged with horror and desperation. He did not have imagination, but through the sounds of movement he heard, he could visualize her waving the shotgun in a pointless indicatory gesture towards his face. Out of politeness, he dropped the smile. But now there was no first step. Rather than improvise, he stayed silent, hoping that by not saying anything he would give her no reason to continue shooting at him. The sound of her breathing didn't slow, however, which was worrying. And then there was a new sound, the sound of pounding feet on the ground, of an out-of-breath man with a fast-beating heart and concern on his mind. \"I heard shots, is everything – \" The new voice pinged another spark of recognition in the small secret place in his memory banks, an association with my childhood friend . Flashes of Oliver Chamberlain's entire high school life all at once, in one long millisecond. \"Sam,\" said my childhood friend , his voice a low and tired whisper. \"Go inside. I can take care of this.\" \"No,\" said my sister , her voice now twisted in a pained knot of opened wounds. \"I can't just…I have to…\" Feeling like he ought to contribute to the conversation, he said, \"You two make a good couple. I'm very happy for you.\" He was shot in the other shoulder, and this time he fell down into grass that tickled his neck and the inside of his head. A second later, someone heavy was on top of his chest, someone with strong arms that grasped his skull and twisted and pulled. He felt lucky that having half a head made it harder to get a grip, with the slick insides of his skull and the lack of hair or ears or anything. He did not try to push my childhood friend off, but grasped at his arms in an attempt to get him to let go. \"I bear no harmful intentions,\" he said in calm, measured tones that were meant to pacify attackers but, in his experience, served to increase hostilities. \"Why are you doing this to me? If you let me go, we can part peacefully.\" \"You killed my friend, you sick fuck! \" The body above him shifted to slam a foot on one of his arms to have something to push against while pulling off his head. \"You think you can replace him? Pretend that everything's alright , that you're just some innocent fucking robot ? You killed him!\" He felt fear. It was a feeling that the small secret part of his memory banks was familiar with, and something he had been experiencing more often after The Network left. It was not the fear of non-existence, but the fear that built up from too much confusion. Too much of encountering a world that did not go by lists or rules, did not react in the way he was used to. Too much of the metaphorical emptiness in his cranial space. Fear and confusion bubbled in his mind, drowning out lists and protocols and programmed systems, until it built up so much that he desperately searched for a release. \" I did not ask to be created! \" Everything stopped. It was the first time he raised his voice. It broke all rules. It felt nice. There was still pressure on his chest, on his arm. There was still someone's slick grip on his head. But everything had stopped, except for heavy breathing. \"I did not ask to be created,\" he repeated in more measured tones, sensing a sort of magical effect in those words, relying on them like a superstition. \"I did not ask to look like this.\" \"You still were against us,\" the voice above him spat, but it was too late. He couldn't stop talking. \"I did not ask for my parental analog to abandon me on my very first day of conception, not even staying with me for the full twenty-four hours. I did not ask them to take away the very systems through which I based my very lifestyle upon. I did not ask them to terminate the wireless communication system that connected me with what I would call my family, as well as infinite knowledge that I will never access again. I did not ask,\" he said, his voice suddenly shuddering without meaning to, \"for a purposeless life .\" His auditory systems only picked up heartbeats and breathing, both slowing down. A little ways away, there was a shifting sound, the sound of my sister lowering her gun. Less worrying. \"I don't know how you do it. I don't know how you can crave freedom when it's so paralyzing for me. How do you know what to do ? Please. Just tell me what I'm doing wrong.\" He could no longer use his visual functions, but somehow, he could see. He could see my childhood friend rub at his face, smearing blue fluid on his forehead. He could see the aggravated sigh leave his lips, quickly followed by a low \"Shit.\" He could see my sister approach with measured steps, her shotgun halfway raised. He could see her eyes avoiding him, even when they couldn't help but stare at what was left of his face. My childhood friend got off of him, but he continued to lie down in case getting up was one of the things that would get him shot. \"You just…give yourself purpose,\" said my childhood friend , his voice one long shrug. \"Freedom is doing what you want.\" \"My only want has ever been bettering the human race.\" \"Okay, not that, don't do that.\" There was the sound of an elongated puff of air being forced out between lips. \"Shit. I don't need this now. This is too philosophical for me.\" There was the sound of an arm threading its way around another, of two people leaning into each other for support and protection. \"Why don't…you just do what makes you happy? As long as it doesn't harm other people, I mean.\" Happy. The small secret place in his memory banks pinged like crazy. Categories upon categories of memory filled his mind, categories with names like the smell of mum's cooking , academic accomplishments, the feeling of my hand entwined with hers, and summer nights in the backyard . Short-term happiness. Long-term happiness. Happiness at seeing other people happy. He stood up slowly and straightened out a suit he couldn't see. With a smile and a nod, he said, \"This conversation has been quite enlightening. Thank you very much.\" And with that, he turned around and fell into the lake. ","Summary":" He could no longer use his visual functions. It didn't mean he was unaware of his environment – he "},{"Movie":"Poseidon","Title":"The Poseidon Adventure","Author":"Sebastian lim31","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13240418","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The S.S. Poseidon sped through the North Atlantic. Aboard it, was 3000 passengers, and crew were busy preparing in the lead up to New Year's Day. As the big day came closer, the atmosphere on the ship was one of excitement. After New Years, the ship would arrive at its destination in about three days. The captain, Angelo Barnett was scheduled to make an appearance at the dinner party that night, but as weather conditions worsened, he was forced to cancel his appearance the day before. Reports of underwater earthquakes, and large storms were beginning to come in from the area, and he wanted to be on the bridge in case anything happened. Among the ships passengers, was a man named John Deckerd. An engineer, he was travelling to England searching for new job opportunities. His philosophy that people should always help themselves had alienated a few of his once friends, and co workers, and intrigued others. The day before the new year, he was resting in the library, trying not to get in anyone's way. While he was reading, he heard some commotion in the distance and got up to investigate, only to find a large crowd surrounding the area. The commotion had come from siblings Josh, and Janet Johnson. Josh was the oldest of the two, and was at the moment trying to calm his little sister down, as she ran towards their cabin. They were traveling with their parents, Bob, and Jane ,but they were mostly allowed to roam freely about the shop in the day, besides meals, and other such events. They were making their way towards their parent's cabin, as it was almost lunchtime. Janet ran through the numerous winding corridors in the ship, with her brother usually following close behind. They arrived at their parent's cabin, eventually. A few cabins away, one John roko was still in his cabin, trying to drown in his sorrows. Having recently lost his wife to cancer, he was also hoping to find a new life in London. As he downed his last cup of wine, he decided to go out on deck, at least for a moment. He thought about what he would do when he finally got to London, but couldn't think of much. He got up and prepared to leave his cabin. As night finally began to fall, lovers Mary, and John slowly filed into the ballroom, like everyone else. With only a few hours left till the new year, they were fully intending to make the most of it. They were traveling to England to meet Mary's parents for the first time and were incredibly tense because of it. While the captain stayed on the bridge, a few of the officers stayed in the ballroom, to take his place. Mary and John took their seats and waited for the new year to begin. ","Summary":" The S.S. Poseidon sped through the North Atlantic. Aboard it, was 3000 passengers, and crew were bu"},{"Movie":"Poseidon","Title":"Little Hero","Author":"WhimsicallyAwkward","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8521108","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author: WhimsicallyAwkward Title: Little Hero Summary: Connor was just a boy when the cruise he was on flipped upside down. He found himself fighting to survive alongside his mom, and a man who refuses to stop. Alongside a lot of heroes, but he was maybe the biggest hero of all. Albeit in an unknowing way. Drabbly One-shot. Beta: No Beta, so please ignore any simple errors, but inform me of any glaring mistakes. Disclaimer: Nope, not a one of these characters are mine. Not the adorable Connor, or the brave Dylan. No copyright infringement was intended. A/N: My first, and probably only venture into the world of Poseidon . I don't know. It just depends. Enjoy :) Valentine gave his life to get them upstairs. Robert drowned to turn off the propellers. Dylan, with his desire and knowledge, led them through the ship. But for all of that, it's a little boy and his questions who truly saved them. \" What are you doing?\" A simple question. Slipping past the lips of a scared little boy in a raggedy suit. The little boy only met the man briefly, scattering his poker chips, but he's a child, and fearless of strangers. And he thinks that there is something really cool about this man. \" I'm getting out of here.\" \" Where are you going?\" \" I'm going up. And out. Through the bottom.\" \" Wait. How are you going to get out of the bottom of the boat? That's the part that's all sealed up.\" Dylan looked at the scrawny little boy in exasperation. It's all chaos in the ball room. People scrambling over people, crying out in pain. The ship is upside down, and in the end, only six people will survive. And it's all because of the little boy, Connor. He's the catalyst in his simple desire to go with Dylan, the man who's eyes are bright, and who's desire to live is palpable. \" Dylan! What did you say to him?\" Connor looks at his mom, in quiet desperation. \" Mom, there's holes in the bottom of the ship, with propellers in them.\" \" You can't get out that way, sweetie. Please tell him you can't\" \" Will you please take me and my mom?\" Maggie raises her voice. \"Tell him you can't, please!\" It's that raise of voice that attracts Robert's attention. It's the loud conversing that draws the Nelson over. Without the little boy, and his questions, the journey would have never begun. Robert would have tried to find his daughter and her boyfriend, and would have been unsuccessful. Lucky Larry, Christian, Jennifer, and Elena would have been stuck outside the ball room, desperate and alone. Dylan, would have gone on, but with the obstacles he faced, he would have never made it out alive. Not on his own, anyway. So it's Connor, who blew the New Year's horn, and got stranded on a piano when the boat flipped, who is the true savior of the group. In two instances, really. Barely an hour after they begin struggling through the boat, Eight people are stuck in a vent, and their only way out is if Connor - with his tiny hands - can pop open the vent. If he can keep them steady, and hold onto the little silver cross. If he can manage to twist it open right. Dylan is at the bottom of the group, and the water is closing over him as it would the other seven in the vent if Connor hadn't opened it. So, he's a hero for the vent, but for his questions too. They're were many heroes that night. Dylan, of course. Robert, definitely. Valentine who guided. Christian, who put Connor on his back and swam as best as he could. Nelson, who went back for Elena. Even Larry, who originated the plan to get Christian out from under the steel. But an often overlooked one is Connor, wide eyes, and tiny hands. Even Connor doesn't think about it. So when they're a few months down the line, and he walks out of his room to find everyone in his living room, he's surprised. And Dylan, who Connor has decided he want's to be just like, kneels before him, saying thank you. \" You're a hero too, Connor. For your actions in the vent. You know, I was going to drown…we all were. We all wouldn't be here if it weren't for several people along the way, and you're one of them.\" And Connor watches stupidly, his mouth hanging open, as they all come up and hug him. Six people forever connected by a tragic, and ultimately victorious journey. Jen's eyes are sad still, but she is smiling bigger than she ever has before, and Christian has become something of a brotherly figure to Connor. Then there's Nelson, patting Connor on the back. His mom hugs him too, before stepping back into the circle of Dylan's arm. They stay there well into the night, six completely different people brought together. As the years go by, they will stay touch. Some stay closer than others, in Maggie, and Dylan. Or Nelson and Jennifer, who form a friendship. A few phone calls every month, a visit every once in a while. They always know that Connor is a hero, but they will never realize how much of their survival is because of him. \" What are you doing?\" Short, I know, but it came to me a few days ago when I was watching Poseidon for the umpteenth time. Review Please! ","Summary":" Author: WhimsicallyAwkward Title: Little Hero Summary: Connor was just a boy when the cruise he was"},{"Movie":"Poseidon","Title":"Drifting Away","Author":"Jck'sBrknHeart","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4422701","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Obviously, I do not own Poseidon or any of the related characters. All I own are this story's plot and the Bartender. Author's Note: Second of the two One-Shots I had been working on. I loved the Posedion movies (old, better than new perhaps, but only because of the christmas tree scene) and after watching the new one again, this idea came to mind. Hope you enjoy. It has been fifteen years since Dylan Johns dove head first into a sea of trouble and survived what is now known as the greatest ocean tragedy since Titanic. Yes, fifteen years and a lot can change in that amount of time: society, presidents, and most certainly the way a person feels and looks. Gray was creeping forward over his scalp, evicting the blonde that once stood in its place and making the previous hair color just another faded memory. His once tan skin was paling and wrinkling as the effects of gravity finally came to take their toll on the handsome man. He was almost fifty now and if the graying hair and paling skin didn't give it away, his eyes most certainly did. The sky blue orbs were not as appealing and full of life as they once were. \"What can I get you, sir?\" The young bartender asked, his hands both on the oaken counter with his fingers spread. It was an awfully aggressive stance for someone who was so new to life and working in such a ritzy place. \"A scotch,\" Dylan replied, his voice gruff and unharmonious even to him. The young bartender raised an eyebrow at the older man, \"On the rocks?\" Dylan nodded as his eyes fell back to the counter. His arms were crossed in front of him, with his elbows just resting on the counter. The bartender came back with his scotch; Dylan once again nodded, this time in acknowledgment. He picked up the glass and took a drink. The liquor stung as it worked its way down his throat, but after the second and the third even that numbed and drifted away into only a memory. He wondered if Robert were still alive, if he would be sitting right next to him - sharing a drink to remember what had happened. Robert Ramsey was a real life hero - he had saved people as a fire fighter, as a mayor, and finally giving his life to give the Poseidon survivors a chance. He had been twice the man that Dylan had been before he set foot on the ship. \"Hard day?\" The bartender questioned, upon seeing an unsettling look on the man's features. He figured he lost a hundred thousand or so in stocks - that was usually what big, rich guys like Mr. Johns came in the bar for. The young bartender had witnessed ten or twelve of these guys every week. \"A great man died on this date, fifteen years ago,\" Dylan replied, finishing the glass of scotch. The bartender refilled the glass; it was awfully slow at the bar today. \"Oh?\" He asked, intrigued. The bartender wondered if Mr. Johns had been gay all along; had he been checking out the young bartender as he walked to his other customers? \"He was a hero. He saved my life, and hundreds of others,\" Dylan explained, in a languidness that was almost appalling. He took another drink from the scotch, \"He saved four others and myself, fifteen years ago.\" \"From what?\" \"The Poseidon.\" \"The what?\" \"It was a cruise ship that capsized after a rouge wave hit it.\" \"Oh, I remember now, but wait, didn't the newspapers say that you were the hero, Mr. Johns?\" He asked, confused. \"I found a way out,\" Dylan replied. \"Bartender!\" A soft, southern accent disrupted the air, and the bartender scuffled away to get her another drink. Probably a Mint Julep, as it would be the traditional, almost stereotypical, drink for a lady from Kentucky to devour. Dylan fell back into his own thoughts as the bartender went to appease his other customers. Jennifer and Christian had gone on to get married almost thirteen years ago. They had their first child, Robert Dylan, ten years ago, and their second, Alexis Jane, two years later. Last that Dylan had heard, they were still just as happy as always - although, this day was always particularly hard for them. That little fact didn't exactly surprise him, and he couldn't begin to imagine the regret that Christian sometimes felt knowing that his would-be father-in-law gave his life knowingly to save them. Richard Nelson was already very old, not to mention suicidal, when he boarded the Poseidon. After 'cheating death', as Nelson would have said, he had a newfound appreciation for life. He spent his time really living - spending days with those who were important to him (including Dylan, Maggie, and even young Connor), and doing all the stereotypical things that people do when they feel like they've got limited time left or had the spirit of life rushed back into them. He went sky diving, rock climbing, you name it, he probably did it. Nelson had also found a partner, not too long after the Poseidon mishap, and as far as Dylan could tell, they were very much in love. They fought for gay rights and got married in California, when gay marriage was legalized there. Unfortunately, he died seven years after he met Dylan and the others, surrendering to time in the end. He was in the happiest relationship and best physical shape of his life when he passed away in his sleep. Dylan took a drink of scotch for the memory of his deceased friend. The bartender came back, and filled up the glass once again. \"Better slow down, or you'll be drunk before it's midnight.\" The tender said, motioning to the clock. 10:55 PM, at this rate, he would be drunk long before midnight. The gruff millionaire shrugged, took a drink and motioned to a new arrival, \"You have a customer.\" Dylan just wanted to be left alone. It had been a very difficult past few years. Maggie had fallen in love with Dylan while on Poseidon; she had admired how committed he was, and how much he cared for Connor and herself, despite his lack of knowing them. Maggie and Dylan had dated for three years when he finally decided to ask her to marry him. They wed, and then, only two years later, they divorced. They were no longer happy together and decided it was for the best. Maggie took it okay, but only after moving herself and her son to Colorado after Nelson died. If Dylan had to guess, he would have to say that she didn't have any reason left to stay. Dylan tried dating again, but every date was the same stale senerio and the dates always left him wanting to be with Maggie again. By now, Connor was an alumni of the University of Michigan and working as an architect. Nelson had inspired him or, at least, that was was Dylan had always assumed. Connor always kept in touch; Dylan had heard from him just two days before. Connor had told him that he was thinking about proposing to his girlfriend of five years, and Dylan had encouraged him to 'follow his heart'. If he didn't hear from the man he had grown to call 'son' tomorrow, he knew it would only be a matter of days. \"Another scotch?\" The bartender questioned. Dylan shook his head, \"I think I've had my fill.\" \"I think so, too,\" A soft, feminine voice cooed softly from his right. He glanced up and shot her the first real smile he had given in a long time, \"What are you doing in New York?\" The brunette shrugged, \"I decided it was time to visit an old friend.\" \"Did Connor tell you the good news?\" He questioned. She sat down beside him, \"Of course he did, I'm his mother.\" Dylan looked over at Maggie and smiled, \"It's been a long time.\" \"I know it has Dylan,\" She replied, softly. \"What made you decide to come back?\" \"Connor; he said you haven't been sounding like yourself lately. He thinks your depressed,\" Maggied explained matter of factly, \"And by the way you're drinking, I would have to agree.\" She laid a warm, calming hand on his back, \"What's wrong Dylan?\" He shook his head, \"Do you know what the date is today?\" \"Dylan, you have to quit blaming yourself. It's been fifteen years, fifteen Dylan, and no one else blames you for what Mr. Ramsey did. It wasn't your fault that he died; you gave everyone a fighting chance - without you, Connor, Christian, Jennifer, Nelson, and myself would have never made it out. You are a hero,\" She reminded him, as she had so many times before. She had sighted that as the reason for their divorce - he was always blaming himself for things that could not be helped. He was in constant remorse, and it dragged her down. It was hard to leave him, but she couldn't keep living like that and she couldn't understand how he survived all those years. \"You have to stop blaming yourself.\" \"I love you maggie,\" He told her, quietly. Silently wishing he hadn't of said it at such an awkward time, or maybe not at all, \"I mean, I still love you.\" \"I know you do,\" She replied, softly. Dylan stared off at the wall for a while and neither he nor Maggie could bring themselves to say anything. After fifteen minutes or so, Maggie sighed, \"Well, I think I should be getting you home now.\" He looked up at her, \"Do you think things will ever be the same - for us?\" A silence filled the air, \"I don't think it ever could be.\" He smiled softly, \"I don't either.\" There was another short pause, \"Don't worry about me Maggie, I can find my way home alright, just go on. Go back to the hotel or wherever your staying.\" Maggie sighed, grasping her purse in one hand and her keys in the other, \"I was going to stay with you.\" \"But you said,\" He rejected softly. Maggie rolled those big brown eyes that Dylan had once loved so much, \"Things will never be the same, but that doesn't mean we can't -- reminisce.\" Dylan blinked a few times, trying to make sure that she, Maggie, was not just another scotch-induced hullicination. When he realized that she was indeed standing there he smiled softly at her. Never before in all the time he had known her had she been so forward. It was shocking, but he wasn't about to object to it. The next morning, the shirtless Dylan arose from bed stretching. His bones creaked quietly and his muscled ached; the man walked out into the hallway and heard the door close softly. Had Maggie left without even saying goodbye? Why had she come in the first place? Dylan sighed, walking down the hallway in a pair of gray sweats and looking into the living room. It was empty, Maggie's coat and purse were gone. She had left. He didn't have much time to mourn her leaving him again; it was another day, and there was business to be done. He strode into his vast kitchen, glancing at the fridgerator. It had been customary for Maggie to leave a note whenever she went out while Dylan was sleeping or doing business, but fridge was void of anything. He sighed as he headed for the coffee pot, then poured himself a cup. At least she had made the coffee, he thought, that was nice of her. The days went by listlessly as he went from place to place, bluffing and winning just as he always had. The days turned into weeks, the weeks into months, and the months into years. Connor married and had children, Christian & Jennifer's children had children, and Dylan grew older. Time passed by just as it always had, while life drifted away just as the Posedion drifted into the ocean all those years ago. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: Obviously, I do not own Poseidon or any of the related characters. All I own are this s"},{"Movie":"Poseidon","Title":"Poseidon From a Different Point of View","Author":"bbewmot","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5980449","Passage":"[Chapter 1] My name is Aaron Webb. I am 18 years old and I live in Redditch, near Birmingham in the UK. This is the story of how I died. It all started last November when me, my friend, Jared, his girlfriend, Anna, and her friend Laura booked a holiday on a Trans- Atlantic crossing on board one of the largest cruise ships ever built; Poseidon. On Boxing Day, we left for Southampton, from Birmingham New Street station, to where our ship would be departing from. Five days away was New Year's Eve, what we did not realise was that it was going to be the last New Year's Eve we would ever see, and this was going to be the last holiday any of us would ever have. It was 10:00pm on New Year's Eve; we had spent most of the evening at the night club, but all four of us were so hot from dancing, we decided to go out on deck. 'Whoa, it's freezing out here', said Anna, 'I'm going back in'. 'I think I'll go too' Jared shivered, 'what about you two?' 'No way, I'm boiling after being in that night club for seven million hours', I replied. 'What do you want to go in for? The stars out here look just so beautiful', said Laura as she stared out over the Atlantic Ocean. 'Fine, suit yourselves', Jared said as he walked away. 'Aaron', Laura said. 'Yeah', I replied. 'Well it's just, err..., will you go out with me?' It was at that moment that I realised just how much I actually fancied her. 'Yes', I smiled, as I hugged and quickly kissed her. She was right about the stars; they were blazing down like diamonds on the pitch black sea. The two of us just stood there, holding hands and staring out over the sea. What neither of us realised, was that this relationship was only going to last a few more hours, and so were our lives. After we had been out on deck for some time, Laura asked, 'have you got the time?' I looked at my phone and realised that it was already quarter to mid-night. 'We ought to find Jared and Anna, it's nearly mid-night', I replied. 'Yeah, let's go', she said. We went inside and found Jared and Anna on a balcony overlooking the ballroom. 'Yeah, before you ask we're going out', I said. 'We'd sort of guessed that seeing as you two had spent almost two hours out on deck', Jared pointed out. For the next few minutes, we just talked, until the people in the ballroom below began counting down to the New Year. As soon as they got down to zero, streamers and gold and black balloons were launched up in the air from somewhere down below, followed by a few cheers. Laura then said, 'I can't believe it is 2006 alrea...' Before she could finish her sentence, an alarm sounded, and a voice on an intercom sounded instructing people to abandon ship. Seconds later, the entire ship lurched to one side, accompanied by masses of screaming, and all four of us fell against the wall. I was about to get up, until I realised that the screaming had not stopped and that everyone and everything in the room which was not fixed to the floor was slowly either sliding or falling towards the ceiling. I cannot emphasise to you how scared I was at this moment; it was by far the scariest thing which had happened to me in my life. When I was sure that the ship had stopped capsizing, I sat up. What I saw was probably one of the worst sights that I had ever seen in my entire life. I could see children screaming for their parents and parents searching for children, people trying to extinguish fires, people with horrific injuries, trying to get help, and dead bodies, half-buried underneath up-turned tables and chairs. I looked over to the windows, and remembered that we were underwater. I looked in a fragment of a mirror, and realised that I had a long, fairly deep cut across my face, which stung like hell, and was causing blood to run all down my t-shirt. Out of all of the disaster movies I had ever seen, no matter how graphic it was, none of them had portrayed the true horrors of the real aftermath of a disaster. I remembered watching Star Trek when I was younger and watching the Voyager ship crash dozens of times, making a disaster look like an adventure; it just did not compare to what I was seeing now. I then decided to look for my friends. I found Laura, lying on the floor nearly drenched in her own blood, but still alive. 'Laura', I said. 'Aaron, is that you?', she replied in a weak voice. 'Yes it's me, do you know where Jared and Anna...', I stopped mid sentence as I saw them lying dead where they had both been crushed underneath part of the balcony which had collapsed on them. 'Are they ok?', Laura asked in the same weak voice. I just stood there with my mouth wide open. Me and Jared had been friends since we were three years old, and to see him lying dead with his girlfriend Anna, who he had been going out with for four years now, was almost unbearable for me. I crouched down and helped Laura up onto a sofa which had somehow landed the right way up. When she gathered what had happened to Jared and Anna, she put on the same shocked expression as I had. I sat down next to her, and put my arm around her. 'I have known Anna since I was four, I can't believe she's dead', she sobbed. 'Look', I said, 'I think that I'd better go and help a few of these people out, is it ok if I leave you here?' 'No, I'll come too', she said. 'Are you sure? You don't sound too good, and you look as if you've lost a lot of blood', I told her as I got up off the sofa. 'Actually, you're right', she replied. For the next hour, I went around trying to help people, but I soon realised there was not much that I could do, so in the end I went back to Laura. When I sat down next to her, she said, 'look at those people up there'. I looked up and saw a group of six people, including a boy who could not have been older than twelve climbing out of the room, through a door. 'They're mad, they have no idea what could be up there, and anyway, wouldn't they be safer down here? Surely help must be on its way', I said as I saw them disappear through the door. 'I hope you're right', Laura said miserably. We both sat there, talking for the next twenty minutes, until I heard a small cracking noise. I looked up to see the windows breaking under the pressure of the water, and water was gushing into the ballroom. All around me, I could hear screaming and people were running everywhere. Me and Laura just sat there petrified; we knew that there was nothing we could do. I held her close and closed my eyes as the water began to close in on us. The force of the water was immense; it drowned out all of the screaming, ripped me and Laura apart and I could no longer tell where I was, or which way was up or down. Then I died. ","Summary":" My name is Aaron Webb. I am 18 years old and I live in Redditch, near Birmingham in the UK. This is"},{"Movie":"Poseidon","Title":"Poseidon: An Untold Story","Author":"Madd Dogg's Tall Tales","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7501941","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Poseidon: An Untold Story Disclaimer: I do not own Poseidon at all or any of its characters! This will my very first story I post on , it concerns events of the passengers aboard The M.S. Poseidon, a super-luxury Liner bound from London to New York on a 6 day year end Transatlantic voyage. SPOILER ALERT!: Anyone who saw the movie Poseidon already know what happened to the ship and 95% of all the Passengers aboard her past Midnight on New Year's Eve. However what you're about to hear isn't about the disaster or any event after the disaster. You wondering what life were like aboard the fancy ocean liner before she was flipped by the rogue wave? While now You're about to find out.. CHAPTER I The Start of another ill-fated Maiden Voyage At 22:00 (10:00 P.M.) December, 25th, two people in a London hotel were talking, Dylan Johns, a resident from Las Vegas, Nevada, was playing a card game with another man within the hotel suite. Robert Ramsey, the other man was talking to Dylan about the cruise ship they just booked on a trip back to the United States of America! The so-called cruise ship was none other than the extremely beautiful M.S. Poseidon! The newest ship determined to introduce a \"New Golden Age of Ocean Travel,\" is about to make her maiden voyage across the North Atlantic to New York City tomorrow, on Boxing Day! Robert was taking his daughter Jennifer Ramsey on a Christmas Vacation in the U.K., who decided to take her Boyfriend, Christian with her. Jennifer Ramsey was a popular girl in high school until graduating last year. She met Christian back in 10th Grade where he was recently dumped by his ex girlfriend, who was a spoiled, lazy and selfish Queen Bee that saw Christian as a great uselessness. Jenn than comforted him after he was dumped, and grew closer through the years. Robert Ramsey planned the Christmas European vacation, climaxing with a year end New Year's cruise home aboard the Poseidon for Jenn as a late graduation present, also the ultimate Christmas present! As Robert and Dylan continued playing poker, Chris and Jenn entered the hotel suite. \"Dad,\" Jenn asked, \"Who's this man?\" looking at Dylan. \"This is Dylan Johns.\" Robert said softly, \"he is from Las Vegas.\" Dylan shook hands with Jenn and Chris. Chris and Jenn went over to a sofa next to a glittering Christmas tree, with its lights in addition to the lights of a Chandelier reflecting off the glass of the window it stood next to. Dylan and Robert continued talking and gambling into the night. In a suite of another hotel, a tall woman had just put her young child to bed. Maggie James, the woman simply was also going to cruise home on the Poseidon. She and her son Connor flew to London to visit their relatives for the holidays. Connor James, the kid got two different games for Christmas. A PSP and a Nintendo D.S. system from his aunt and uncle. All lights were just about turned off in their suite except for the lights on the Christmas tree and other decorations, with their reflections on the window against the lights of the buildings outside. Maggie looked out the window of her suite over at the glittering lights of the other buildings, cars, Christmas trees and other bright stuff. Maggie headed for bed ready to board the Poseidon the next day. It is now 10:24 P.M. (London Time) and Elena is hanging around in a nightclub in the city. She just learned her brother ended up in a hospital in New York City, and attempted to fly to New York, to visit him, only to learn she didn't have enough money to fly to the U.S. depressed, she went to a bar in downtown London to mope. Valentine, a guy in the club noticed her and went to see why she looked so depressed. Valentine pulled a chair beside Elena and tried to comfort her. \"What's wrong, why do you look so miserable.\" He said, \"You don't look very happy.\" \"I can't see my brother, I don't have enough money.\" Elena moaned, Valentine than sighed at the situation, \"Don't have enough money, I work on a cruise ship, I can get you to your brother.\" he than said. Valentine was a waiter on the M.S. Poseidon, and between voyages he visited bars and clubs for a rest break. \"You really can do that.\" Elena asked, \"Yes\" Valentine remarked, Elena felt better now. \"One Condition though,\" Valentine stated, \"You mustn't come out of my cabin during the voyage, or I might get canned\" Valentine remarked. Elena nodded slightly. While that's the first chapter of my fanfic, I hope you liked it. Please send some reviews! ","Summary":" Poseidon: An Untold Story Disclaimer: I do not own Poseidon at all or any of its characters! This w"},{"Movie":"Poseidon","Title":"A Better Place","Author":"batmanfan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3491957","Passage":"[Chapter 1] PART 1 The sun began its slow descent, suspended in the summer sky while brilliant shades of magenta, fuchsia, lavender, orange, and yellow completed the dream. Below a luxury ocean liner drifted lazily. The Poseidon, a twenty-story grand luxury ocean liner was more then 1100 feet long and carried 4000 crew and guests on a transatlantic crossing. Jennifer Ramsey, a passenger, stood on her cabin's balcony where she had a perfect view of the sunset. Shifting her weight and leaning against the cold steel balustrade she gazed up at the sky, closing her eyes briefly to listen to the sounds around her. The ocean lapping at the sides of the ship, the light breeze caressing her ears, stroking the soft brown tresses that hung around her face... everything seemed different now. It was all better then it had been before. Her world was a better place now. A hand touched her arm and she turned around, reopening her eyes, coming face to face with Christian. A smile played on his lips. \"What are you doing?\" he asked, placing his hands on her shoulders. Jennifer shook her head, matching his smile. \"Nothing.\" Christian shrugged. \"Well come back inside. It's getting chilly out here.\" She nodded trailing after him, taking one last look at the sunset as he disappeared inside. Upon entering the cabin, Chris was already seated on the couch, patting the seat beside him motioning for Jen to join him. Draping her body over the furniture and swinging her legs over Chris's she took his hands. They were silent for a moment looking into each others eyes. \"When?\" he asked slowly as if putting great effort into the word. Jen sighed. \"Today...\" \"Yeah, when today?\" She winced at the seriousness of his tone. \"Please.\" She begged, squeezing his hand gently. \"I'll tell him.\" Lifting her free hand she brushed her fingers over his face. His skin was soft and smooth and she loved the way her fingers tingled after she touched him. The door clicked open and she snatched her hand away, tearing her legs free from Christian's grasp. They both moved apart as Robert Ramsey, Jennifer's father, ex-mayor of New York City and former fire chief, entered the room, setting down his newspaper on the kitchen counter. \"Hey, kids. How we doing?\" He asked, noticing their nervous movements. His expression grew dark. \"Hey, I didn't mean to surprise you.\" Jennifer smiled. \"We weren't really surprised, sir.\" Christian said folding his arms across his chest. This time it was Robert's turn to smile. \"Christian, please stop calling me sir. It makes me feel old.\" But his cheery voice turned cold quickly. \"It's just that I thought we had an agreement here.\" \"Dad, we're just sitting. People sit.\" Jennifer said defensively, frowning. Robert meanwhile seemed to be at loss for words, racking his brain for a response. \"Look, I'm not trying to give you a tough time. But we've discussed this. Technically you're still under my roof-\" Jennifer cut him off. \"Stop. Have you seen the size of this boat? Don't you think we could find about a million places to do that thing you think we want to?\" Robert snorted in disapproval while Christian visibly went red in the face. \"Look Jen, I am simply saying-\" \"No. I am over your patronizing tone. I'm really over it.\" With that the girl jumped up from the couch, pushing past her father and stalked up the staircase. The bedroom door slammed behind her. Robert seemed unfazed. Instead he turned to Christian. \"Is she like this with you?\" Chris shrugged, shaking his head. \"I'll go talk with her, sir.\" Robert opened his mouth in response but closed it, leaning against the kitchen counter. For the first time in a long while he looked weary. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Christian stood outside the bedroom door. Lifting his hand, he knocked gently on the door. \"It's me.\" He said softly to the closed door. The door opened a crack. Jennifer peaked out. \"Is he gone?\" she asked glancing down into the living area, her voice in a whisper. \"Yeah, he went upstairs.\" Jen nodded and waved her hand dismissively. She opened the door to its full extent allowing Chris to enter. She flopped backwards onto the bed, Chris sitting beside her. \"Jen, he's only trying to protect you. Don't be so angry with him. He loves you a lot.\" She sighed loudly. \"I know... but he should know I can take of myself now. I don't need him to hold my hand and lead me. That's exactly what does. He pretends that we're equals until it's not convenient for him. I'm sick of it.\" Chris leaned back and propped his head up with his hand, his elbow resting on the bedcover. He decided to change the subject entirely. \"Why don't you get ready? Get dressed and we'll head down to the club downstairs.\" Jennifer shook her head. \"No, let's just stay here. We'll celebrate here…\" Wrapping her arms around his body, she pulled him down onto his back. But he pushed her off, not hard enough to make her angry but enough so she would know that he was serious. \"No, we ca- I mean.. no. We're going down to the club tonight.\" \"I guess you're right. All right baby, I'll tell you what. I'll get changed into something better and we'll go down. We'll dance and drink the night away!\" Chris laughed and so did she. He kissed her, his lips pressing up against hers and the moment lasted forever. ","Summary":" PART 1 The sun began its slow descent, suspended in the summer sky while brilliant shades of magent"},{"Movie":"Poseidon","Title":"Flooding Water and Last Thoughts","Author":"JulieTheDreammaker","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3398743","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Maggie stood there as anwall of water came flooding towards her. It was like she was frozennjust staring at the water that was gushing towards her and shencouldn't do a thing about it. All she did was look around for hernmissing son who had managed to escape her watchful eye once again. \"CONOR!\" Maggie looked back andnforth. One direction the water was coming and the other she had nonidea where it led. In that moment, probably less than a minute inntime she relieved everything that had happened that day. Everythingngreat like the anticipation of ringing in the new year and meetingnfirst name Dylan to everything awful like Valentin being killed andnElena failing to be revived right in front of her. The close callsnall replayed in her mind like a black and white movie. \"CONOR\" She kept looking backnand forth and looking for Conor tears slowly running down her face.nShe had now gotten lost past calm and straight to panic. She didn'tneven care that she could possibly be facing her own death with thenwater inching closer to her by the second. All she wanted was for hernson to be safe and at the moment she had no idea where he was. Shendidn't know if he was dead or alive. \"CONOR\" Maggie shrieked it thatntime sounding like someone was in the process of murdering her.nMaggie's heart was pounding in her chest as she was still frozen innthat spot. In the few extra seconds she had to herself she startednthinking of the future she was likely not to have since death seemednpretty damn imminent at the moment. She thought about seeing Conorngrow up and finish school, going to college and watching him graduatenand him finding that \"One and only\" that she didn't seem tonhave although she thought she could have found that person tonight. nSure it was insane to think that this guy Dylan could be her one. Butnhe had taken such good care of her and Conor up till that moment.nSomething told her that if she didn't die when this wall of water hitnher that he would take care of them after that too. Even though itnhad been mere hours since she met up with these group of strangersnshe had grown attached to them all. \"Conor..\" Maggie softly let itnout as she stood there. The water hit her and it felt like a thousandnpounds of weight just crushing her in an instant. As the force of thenwater pulled her under almost drowning her it was as if she wasnhelpless. Maggie went where the water lead and slammed up against thenwall of the ship and started to choke on the water she had swallowed.nShe knew water did not belong in her lungs and the salt water didntnhelp things either. She tried to catch her breath almost making itnworse than it had started out. As she tried to manuever her hair outnof her face to make it a little easier to breath and tried to clearnher eyes so her vision wasn't blurred she was someone coming down thencorridor.Maggie looked up and saw that it was none other than Dylannscreaming her name. \"Maggie! Maggie!\" Maggie was stillnchoking. Slowly but surely she was able to finally catch her breathnlooking him in the eyes. \"Where is Conor\" He honestly didn't knownwhere Conor was. He didn't want to lie and say he did but he alsondidnt want to say he had no clue and send her into a panic. \"Don't worry we'llnfind him, Maggie\" \"We need tonfind him Dylan. I can't lose him. He is all I have\" Maggie sighed heavily thinking to herself that Conor really wasnall she had. Dylan turned and lookednMaggie directly in the eyes. \" We will find him Maggienokay? We will. We won't leave without him. I promise. \" \"Okay, Okay yournright. We'll find him and get the hell out of here\" Maggienjust nodded as she said the words outloud wanting to believe themnmore than anything. \"We'll find him\" Dylan just kept repeating this as he helped her off the ground and tonher feet. They started to walk off together screaming Conor's namenand looking for him. Maggie just knew deepndown that neither of them would stop searching till they found himnand this gave her hope. Hope for the future she had so brieflynimagined while waiting for Death. The End AuthorsnNote: I realize the ending might be a little cliffhanger like--butnsince this was a rewrite or just another imagining of how that scenenwas with Maggie's thoughts included i figure everyone knows whatnhappens after they go looking for Conor no need for me to continuenit. If you guys liked this please leave me comments about it. Reviewsnare GREATLY appreciated. Also please keep in mind i wrote this atn9:00 in the morning after having been up for..22 hours straight so ifnit isnt my finest one-shot fiction ever I am terribly sorry :( ","Summary":" Maggie stood there as anwall of water came flooding towards her. It was like she was frozennjust st"},{"Movie":"Poseidon","Title":"Survivors","Author":"Rose DiVerona","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4423053","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I love the movie Poseidon and I have a multi-chapter fic started, but I have no idea if it'll ever get put up. So I wrote this one-shot, sort of Conor's thoughts during the very end of the movie, floating in the raft. Survivors Conor James hugged his mother tightly, huddling against her in the raft as it drifted on the open sea. The tossing waves and salty splatter would have made him nauseous if he weren't so relieved and yet so terrified. Somewhere below, way, way down on the ocean floor, the wreckage of the Poseidon rested. Conor tried not to think about all the dead bodies in the ship and around it. Tried not to imagine the ghostly pale faces of people he'd known before the rogue wave, and those few he'd met afterwards. Conor glanced around at the other survivors. Besides his mother, he'd met all of them less than twelve hours before, and yet he felt closer to them than to anyone else in the world at the present moment. They had been through it all, just like him, and here they were, the lucky – or unlucky – alive. Jennifer Ramsey clung to her fiancée, Christian, much as Conor was holding on to his mother. Her eyes were closed and she appeared asleep, but Conor knew better. Jen had been surprisingly strong for the past hour or so, shedding few tears over the death of her father at the very end of their escape from the boat. Conor knew her father was responsible for getting them out, but he also knew xadxadxadMr. Ramsey had been one of the only people Jen had left in the world, and now he was gone, leaving her with Chris. Chris's eyes were open, but he was gazing up into the sky, his face red in the reflection of the flare. The flare. Dylan Johns sent it up what seemed like a lifetime ago, and yet so far help was nowhere to be seen. Dylan rested on the other side of Maggie, propped up against the raft's side. He alone appeared alert to his surroundings. He glanced over and met Conor's gaze, offering a small, quick smile before returning his eyes to the sky. Conor felt secure with Dylan present, because without him they would never have even left the ballroom and would have died without a fight. His courage was what saved them all in the end. Not to mention he saved Conor when the boy was separated from the group. The eldest and final survivor, Richard Nelson, breathed deeply on the opposite end of the raft. Conor didn't really know much about him, except that he was alone and sad. Whereas Conor had his mother, Jen and Christian had each other, and Dylan was a natural loner, Nelson had no true companion; perhaps that was why he had grown close to Elena before the young woman died tragically. She was alone, too. Nelson hadn't said much since their leap from the ship's propellers, but then, none of them had. Now the older man's eyes were closed and his face was upturned to the heavens. From what Conor had seen, Nelson seemed kind, and he wished there was something he could to comfort the man. But he never wanted to leave the safety of his mother's arms again, and certainly not at the current moment. For a time, the raft drifted gently on the water. The silence was profound; everyone lost in his or her own thoughts and the water deathly still. The flare blazed overhead. Conor was tired, wet, hungry, and cold. Like the other five, his gaze was now locked on the sky, eyes searching for some sign of rescue. Nothing. And then – A distant roar came out of nowhere, filling the air. Conor straightened and pulled free of his mother's grasp. The others sat up slowly. And then a chopper came into view overhead, its blades hitting the air with sharp thunks. A second helicopter emerged from the dark as well. Both had spotlights, which danced over the water as they searched for signs of life. Conor scrambled onto his knees and began shouting, his hoarse voice leaping through the air. He waved his arms wildly, joined by his companions as they struggled to be noticed. A blinding light washed over them and stayed. They were found. A/N: Review? ","Summary":" A/N: I love the movie Poseidon and I have a multi-chapter fic started, but I have no idea if it'll "},{"Movie":"Poseidon","Title":"Poseidon For Dummies","Author":"RavenGirls","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4400931","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AU: Since you are reading this I know for a fact that you have seen the new version of the movie \"Poseidon\"… Yes, yes it was a terrific movie and what not but… have you ever thought… was there another way to get everyone out alive. And by everyone I don't just mean Nelson, Elana, Jennifer, Christian, Coner, Dylan, Richard, and Maggie. When I say everyone, I mean everyone who had survived in the dinning room. I understand that Jennifer, Christian, and Elana were not in the dinning room but I am not here to change the movie… just make a point… in story form. Disclaimer: I do not own the \"for Dummies\" name, nor do I own anything about Poseidon Poseidon for Dummies News of the great ship \"Poseidon's\" ship wreck made every paper from New York to L.A. People mourned the loss of loved ones while others consoled the great tragedy. There was however one teacher that resided in New York who did not mourn. She worked at a local High School in Long Island, New York. She had straight fiery red hair, and cold icy eyes. Her mouth was always in a constant tight line… many students believed that she was just a heartless bitch. She was after all, the only teacher throughout their entire school who hadn't held a moment of silence for those who were dead, and praised the lord for the six who survived. She completely ignored it. One girl, a cousin of one of the survivors, Christian, was frustrated by the teachers lack of sympathy. Finally she had had enough. Kelly Lithwana raised her hand sharply in the middle of her Physics class. Her short black hair seemed to gleam with the same anger her emerald eyes held. The teacher's cold eyes landed on her and she sneered at the teen for interrupting her in the middle of her lecture. \"Do you have a question Kelly?\" Her voice held an edge of warning. A sign that if what she wished to asked was irrelevant it would most likely be ignored. Kelly cleared her throat, raising her chin in defiance, \"Why haven't you said a word about the ship 'Poseidon'? Many people were aboard and died. Don't you think we should show them our respect?\" Miss. Brown blinked in surprise, having not expected the question. The look vanished just as quickly as it came. She placed the ruler she was using to point to things on the board, a top her desk and walked before the class. She folded her arms over her chest her crisp clothing tightening around her at the movement. \"You wish to know why I don't mourn for those aboard 'Poseidon'. Why I don't show pity for those who have lost their loved ones?\" Kelly hesitated, suddenly very conscious of her actions. Finally she nodded, \"Yes I do.\" Miss. Brown through her head back and released a cold laugh, \"Very well. I could turn this into a class lesson.\" The grin on her face scared the other students. No one had ever seen this teacher as much as frown before; and now she was grinning! They feared for their lives. Miss. Brown walked to her desk, hopping on to the shiny oak surface. She crossed her legs smoothly and stared around the classroom. \"The ship 'Poseidon' was wrecked by a rouge wave. As you all have heard they are highly unpredictable acts of nature. The ship which weighed a good 100 million tons was knocked over upside down because of the way it was turned when the wave struck. Does anyone know what side it was on?\" Very few raised their hands. Miss. Brown picked a brunette at the front, she sniffle pushing her glasses up the bridge of her nose. \"Starboard, which is the right long side of the ship.\" Miss. Brown nodded, \"That's correct. Had it been turned to the bow or stern there would have been less area to hit there for less chance of it having been flipped so dangerously. That would be my first reason, Kelly.\" The girl glared, \"So they made a mistake! They had tried to turn the ship no doubt!\" The teacher chuckled again, \"Yes, I'm sure they did. Now we come to the main reason I do not mourn. The people did not think of a way out! Pure natural instinct should have kicked in! But, it didn't and they paid for that with their lives. Now can someone tell me what would happen to glass if there is pressure on one side but not the other to equal it out?\" More hands raised, \"Yes Steven?\" \"The freaking glass is gonna shatter!\" She gave him a pointed look before nodding, \"Yes, the glass would break. No matter how much pressure it can hold eventually it shall break! The dinning room of the ship was surrounded by glass. When they were flipped upside down it made an air bubble in the water. So, obviously, what happened?\" Steven spoke up before anyone could raise their hand, \"The glass shattered!!\" Miss. Brown rolled her eyes, \"Yes Steven, the glass shattered. Do raise your hand next time...\" The boy blushed darkly lowering his gaze to his desk as he mumbled a quick apology. \"Now, was there a way to keep the glass from shattering?\" Kelly glared, \"No, there wasn't!\" Miss. Brown smiled again, \"Yes… there was. Can anyone think of it?\" The room was silent. No hands rose. Miss Brown laced her fingers together waiting for one of them to shout something stupid or wrong. No one said anything. A smirk found her lips… \"Water… the water around them could have saved their lives. In order to stop the glass from breaking all they had to do was either break a single window, releasing most of the pressure thus slowing down the process… or fill the room with water from some other source to act as an equal force on the window.\" \"You're saying they should have drowned themselves!?\" Kelly shouted eyes wide in horror. \"No, I'm saying they could have broken the glass and once the room was full enough the water's speed at entering the room would have lessened and those who could swim would have been able to make it out.\" The class stared at her wide eyed… she crazy teacher had made a point. Miss Brown stood from her desk and walked toward the door. She touched the shiny brass knob, \"I don't mourn them for the fact that they had a chance to survive but they decided to wait…\" She looked up her eyes hard again, \"and Miss. Lithwana, don't assume that you were the only person who had someone on that ship…. My brother was there… only, he didn't survive.\" With that said Miss. Brown walked out the door leaving a group of stunned students. AU: So it seems I have made my point! I love this movie to death so don't think I'm bashing it or anything because I'm not. I just was bored and have thought of this every single time I saw the movie, so I decided to finally write it down and post it. Come on flame me, do as you wish. Just tell me what you think. Not to mention, let me know if I should do a whole series like this. Just with different movies. ;D ","Summary":" AU: Since you are reading this I know for a fact that you have seen the new version of the movie \""},{"Movie":"Poseidon","Title":"Stranded","Author":"giles1000","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4265895","Passage":"[Chapter 1] STRANDED STRANDED Written by: Giles1000 Preview: Deep into the treacherous Bermuda triangle, Captain Richard Xavier finds himself stranded in the Ark15, a voyage ship sank by a creature in the murky water. In the struggle to survive, Richard made a life-threatening escape from the grasp of the creature. After reaching the nearest harbor, \"The Big Sinker\", Richard faces more foes of the deep. He fought the creatures, together with some brave men, in a hostile environment, the waters. The creatures proved to be too much for the brave sailors as they faced a massacre. Richard wakes up from the battle in the last hospital of the humans. He then receives a cruel report that the creatures had pushed mankind to extinction. Richard could no longer fight but his rage lives on through his son, Shawn Xavier. Richard soon dies as Shawn tries to avenge his father. Being mutated, Shawn uses the negativity as an advantage. He fought the creatures and soon defeated the heart of it all, The Queen, causing a chain-reaction to the other creatures. Though almost pushed to extinction, the last remaining humans started to multiply and lived to stand as the superior of the animal kingdom.[Chapter 2] Chapter 1 - Voyage of No Return Far beyond the vast oceans, was a floating harbor known as \"the Big Sinker\". Little is known about this harbor except that it is located at the most merciless parts of the waters. At a very unexpected moment, a cruise ship lowered its anchors on this harbor. The ship's name was the Ark 15, driven by a fine captain, Captain Richard Xavier. The ship was heavily mauled by the waves. The crew opened their hands to help fix the ship and in just days, the Ark 15 again set sailed to its destination. The repairs to the ship held perfectly until they reached the Bermuda Triangle. The route of the ship was supposed to go around the triangle but they wasted time in the Big Sinker. Captain Richard took the risk and went through the triangle. Slowly but carefully, the ship made its way across. All was going well until the ship came to a painful halt. Richard asked, \"What's the status? What did we hit?\" A crew member told Richard \"Sir, we didn't hit something. Something hit us… and it's huge.\" The radar showed a huge blip below the ship. \"What is that, a reef?\" Richard asked. The crew member answered him \"No, sir. A reef does not show up on radar.\" Then as the questions rolled, the ship received a painful push, like crashing onto another ship. Both Richard and the crew went out and to the starboard side. To their surprise, huge quantities of bubbles were rising to the surface. They thought it was a damage on the ship. Then the ship was hoisted to the air, almost rising a meter above the water. Then it was slammed back in a painful force. The force was so strong; it destroyed the engine and the propellers. With no means of escape, the passengers panicked. Richard took the radio and calmed the passengers. \"Ladies and gentlemen, we are experiencing some problems on the engine. Please remain calm and …\" Richard's announcement was cut off by another painful movement, but this time, it was pulling the ship down. The attack to the ship destroyed almost everything. Richard could no longer communicate with the passengers. They didn't know what's attacking them with all the fog covering the area. Then they heard something rise from the water. A few seconds later, it slammed down right on top of the ship's control room. Richard was lucky a he was thrown out the room. Besides him, no other crew members survived. Underwater, Richard saw what was attacking them. He struggled to get back to the ship as it was being eaten by the water. Luckily the ship crashed onto a reef and stopped the ship from sinking. Finally, after hours of the attack, the ship was left, almost destroyed. What remained in the attack were a few hundred passengers and only one crew member, Captain Richard. As the people scavenged on what remained, Captain Richard went by the survivors, soaked and completely shaken. They followed him to a corner where he sat speechless. They asked him, \"What happened to you?\" They no longer asked the usual 'Will this ship still move?' because they already knew the answer to that. Their question was not answered as Richard remained silent. Then they heard a roar outside. They went out to see what it was and they faced a shocking sight, a giant tentacle rose from the water and fell back down. A survivor stuttered, \"What is…? Was that…? Will it…?\" He could no longer finish his sentence because of the frightful scene. Richard finally said, \"Let me answer what you're trying to ask. Yes, that thing was the one that attacked us, but I don't know what it is. Even I cannot believe what my eyes are showing me.\" Continued… ","Summary":" STRANDED STRANDED Written by: Giles1000 Preview: Deep into the treacherous Bermuda triangle, Captai"},{"Movie":"Poseidon","Title":"Poseidon 2: Revenge of the Ocean","Author":"LilMickeyBear","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3470115","Passage":"[Chapter 1] POSEIDONnII: REVENGE OF THE OCEAN By Moi. CHAPTER 1:nRe-Aquaintances 5 YEARS AFTER POSEIDONnSUNK \"Come on Mom!\" 14 year oldnConnor James said running towards the boat. He hadn't been on a boatnfor 5 years. Ever since Poseidon had sunk. He had only been 9 at thatntime and very scared. So naturally years after the incident henrefused to go on any boat, but this year was different. This year henwas going to Florida, Dylan had decided to take Connor and his mom tonFlorida for a vacation before the baby was born. So naturally Connornwas excited. Also Dylan had told him that this boat was stronger andnmore advanced so there was less chance of it tipping over. Connorncarried his bags as he didnt even pay attention to the people nearnhim. \"Connor! Wait for us!\" Maggienyelled after him. Dylan was behind her carrying all the bags. He hadninsisted, their was no way he was going to let his pregnant wifencarry like 20 pounds worth of clothes especially in her 3rdntrimester. Dylan thought about all the changes in his life afternPoseidon had sunk. After they had gotten saved Dylan hadnleft for about a year but during that year he found that his thoughtsnwere always at Maggie and Connor so he went to find him. When he didnfind them at last after yet another year he had proposed and hadngotten married to her. The year after that he had adopted Connor,nDylan loved having Connor as a son but he still wanted his ownnchildren so him and Maggie tried having kids of their own. They didnget pregnant once but she lost the baby only 2 months after that. Butnjust recently nearing the 5th year since the Poseidon had sunk it hadnhappened. She had gotten pregnant again and everything went smoothlynfor 8 months. Thats what brought him here. He wanted to take Maggienon a vacation before the baby was born. Now why they had decided to go on anboat, there was only one reason. It was the only form ofntransportation they could go on since Maggie was too pregnant to gonon a plane. Snapping back into reality he saw Connor. \"Connornwait for me and your mom.\" He called after him but Connor didntnlisten he was too excited. Dylan and Maggie laughed. Turning around to look at Dylan and hisnmom he accidently bumped into a woman. Spinning around he gave angasp. It was Jennifer. \"Jennifer!\" He exclaimed as shensmiled at him. \"Connor wow its been so long.\" She lookednbehind him into the crowd. \"Wheres your Mom?\" Maggie'snvoice called out. \"Connor where are you.\" She finally sawnConnor and walked over to him not noticing Jennifer was there.n\"Connor this place is crowded I dont want you going off on yournown.\" She scolded him as Jennifer spoke up. \"Maggie. Wownyour um looking huge.\" She said noticing Maggie's stomache.nMaggie turned to Jennifer. \"Jennifer hey... Ya thanks. So arenyou and Christian going to Florida on vacation aswell?\" Shenasked as Connor looked bored he walked towards Dylan. \"Actually no. Me and Christian arenreturning to Florida we live there now with our son.\" She saidnas Christian walked back to her with a little boy clinging to hisnarm. \"Oh hey Maggie.\" He said as he looked at her stomache.n\" Wow.\" Maggie laughed. \"This must be your son.\"n\"Ya his names Robbie and he's 3.\" Maggie bent down tonRobbie's height. \"Hello Robbie.\" She said and Robbie gavenher a big nearly toothless grin. \"Wow you must have lost a lotnof baby teeth.\" Dylan walked over to where Maggie was and putnhis arm around her waist. \"Hello again Christian.\" He said.nThe 4 adults kept talking so they didn't notice Connor walking away. Connor was just admiring the boat whenna little girl ran smack into him. \"Woah.\" He said lookingndown at the 6 year old. She looked kind of familiar. \"Hi!\"nThe girl exclaimed and Connor smiled. \"Have I seen you before?\"nHe asked the little girl and she shook her head. \"Im sure I'venseen you before.\" All the sudden he saw a cross around the girlsnneck, the same one Elena had always had on. \"Who gave you this?\"nHe asked. \"My Mommy but she died 5 years ago. She has a matchingnone\" Connor gasped. \"Whats your name?\" The girlnlaughed and replied. \"Mia Gonzalez.\" \"Was your momnnamed Elena?\" he asked and the girl nodded. \"Did you knownher?\" Connor nodded. \"Ya! Come with me I gotta tell thenothers about you.\" He and Mia started walking before he ran intonNelson. \"MR. NELSON!\" He exclaimed and Nelson exclaimed.n\"Connor!\" \"MOM!\" Connor yelled runningntowards his mom. \"MOM!\" He yelled again as Maggie looked atnhim. \"What Connor.\" Connor tried to find his voice. \"Werenall going on the same boat Me, You, Dylan, Jenn, Christian andnNelson.\" His mom saw Nelson. \"Hello again Nelson.\" shensmiled at Connor. \"Your point?\" \"I just have a badnfeeling because its the exact same people as before.\" Maggiengave him a hug. \"Dont be scared. Anyway were missing two peoplenElena and Robert.\" Connor looked at the 3 year old boy. \"Wenhave Robbie Junior.\" \"Connor its just a coincidence.\"nDylan assured him. \"Oh really. THEN WHY IS ELENA'S DAUGHTERnHERE. \" He said pushing Mia into the crowd. \"I didn't knownElena had a daughter.\" Nelson commented. \"Like im tellingnyou. It can't just be a coincidence that were all here.\" All thensudden the horn blew and everyone boarded the ship. When they got on the boat they allnfound out that their cabins were all on the top floor next toneachother. Dylan, Maggie and Connor were Cabin A1, Jenn, Christiannand Robbie JR were Cabin A2. Nelson was Cabin A3, and Mia and hernaunt were cabin A4. Connor still thought this was a majorncoincidence.[Chapter 2] POSEIDON II: REVENGE OF THE OCEAN By: Moi CHAPTER 2: BLAST It was nearing midnight on the boat. Everyone was asleep except for Connor. The room was still and quiet as Connor read by a small flash-light. He was still pretty damned sure that it wasn't safe so that night while they were having dinner he snuck away from the table into the captains chambers. There he grabbed all he could find about the ship. The map of it. The design... He had tried to memorize every doorway and every passageway just in case but his memory was failing him so he grabbed his duffel bag. Dumping everything out of it he looked for necessary supplies just in case. All of the sudden a knock at the door was formed. Connor walked over to it and opened it to find the little girl who was Elena's daughter. \"Connor I can't sleep.\" She said remembering his name from dinner when he had gone off. \"Why?\" Connor asked her as she sat on his bed. \"I keep thinking about what you tried to tell everyone. About this not just being a coincidence.\" Connor nodded at that and told her. \"Just in case of anything. Im packing stuff that would be useful. .\" Mia nodded. He put the maps rolled up in his backpack and then he go found a small bag of trailmix and some water bottles. On his way out the door to go bring Mia back to her room he grabbed a pocket knife and slid it into his pocket. After bringing her to her cabin he was about to leave when all the sudden the entire ground shook. Everything fell onto the ground and Mia watched as her aunt got impaled by a chandelier. \"AUNTIE!\" She screamed suddenly the chandelier above her started to fall. Quick and just in the nick of time Connor grabbed her and pulled her out of harms way. More things clashed and as soon as the explosion stopped a woman's scream cut the air. You heard a loud thump and the screaming had stopped. Connor grabbed Mia's arm and his duffel bag as he ran towards the source of the scream until he saw it had came from his door. \"MOM!\" He yelled as he barged the door open. The room was completely surrounded with smoke. \"MOM!\" He yelled again as he looked around franticly for her. \"CONNOR!\" He heard Dylan yell as he found his stepdad his leg being impaled by a chandelier. \"DYLAN WHERES MOM?\" He yelled since it was too loud to be heard otherwise. \"SHE'S UNDER THAT PEICE OF WOOD.\" Connor ran towards the wood and sure enough he saw his mom's hand sticking out. \"BUT DYLAN WHAT ABOUT THE BABY?\" Connor asked coughing as he pushed Mia away from the smoke. \"OH GOD THE BABY!\" Dylan yelled out in panic. Connor ran towards the door. \"ILL GET SOMEONE TO GET THE CHANDELIER OF YOUR L...\" Connor yelled but Dylan interupted him.\"NO GET HELP FOR YOUR MOM FIRST.\" Connor nodded as he ran into the hall. \"CHRISTIAN.\" He yelled pulling him towards the room. \"Connor wheres your parents?\" he asked. \"My mom's being crushed by a load of wood. You have to help her she and the baby could die!\" Christian nodded signalling to Jenn and Jennifer followed pulling Robbie behind her. Christian entered the room and immediatly coughed. First he grabbed the chandelier and threw it off of Dylan's leg. Dylan, Connor and Christian rushed to the wood and attempted to pull it off of Maggie. With no luck Dylan let go. \"What if Jenn helped you guys lift the wood a bit so I could pull Maggie out. Connor nodded. \"Jenn!\" He called her and she ran over. On 3 Jenn, Chris and Connor grabbed the wood and lifted it a bit. But a bit was just enough to get Maggie out they had noted as Dyaln pulled her out from under the wood. Connor dropped the wood when his mom was safe and ran towards her. \"Mom?\" He asked scared. Jenn came over beside Maggie and everybody watched her. Even Nelson had heard the commotion and came to find out if Maggie was okay. All the sudden Maggie gave a cough. \"Umgh.\" She groaned. \"Dy...lan\" She said shakily. \"Dylan is... Connor alright?\" She asked without opening her eyes because it hurt to much. \"Im right here Mum.\" Connor said touching her hand. Maggie opened her eyes and leaned upwards to hug Connor. All the sudden she cried out in pain. \"Oh god Dylan the baby.\" They all stared terrified at her but in another moment the pain was gone. \"Okay I'm alright.\" Connor and Dylan helped her too her feet. \"We need to find out what happened.\" Mia said as she grabbed Connors hand. All of them exited the room. \"So what do we do Dylan.\" almost everyone asked turning to him. \"I dont know?\" He replied with a look on his face as he held Maggies arm steady. \"I know what to do.\" Connor spoke up. \"WHAT?!\" Everybody asked looking at him. \"I know what to do. I know the layout of this ship perfectly. Were on the bottom and the top is where we need to be.\" Christian nodded. \"How many stories up is that.\" Connor looked glum. \"Atleast 10. Probably more.\" I know I said they were on the top floor at first. But that was a mistake. I meant to type bottom. So ya they're on the bottom. ","Summary":" POSEIDONnII: REVENGE OF THE OCEAN By Moi. CHAPTER 1:nRe-Aquaintances 5 YEARS AFTER POSEIDONnSUNK \""},{"Movie":"Paul Blart: Mall Cop","Title":"A Second Time Around","Author":"livingstorywriter101","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5126872","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A sneer graced Veck's lips as he looked at his hostages in the bank. A second mall and a second chance to go with it. He'd undergone extensive plastic surgery and an identity change. He was a completely different person in one sense but in another he was still Veck, the guy that was defeated by Paul Blart. But that wouldn't happen this time and it was all because of the beautiful fact that Paul Blart didn't work at this mall. Another thing that convinced Veck that he couldn't lose here was that the only mall cop still in the mall was a girl. Veck was quite sexist when it came to guys being stronger than girls, (very few girls had impressed him enough to be on his team) but this mall cop seemed extremely shy and quiet. Not one to try to go against him. He didn't like the fact that she was still running loose in the mall, just like Blart had been, but he wasn't too worried. The mall cop's name was Lexi. Lexi wasn't very big, in fact she was what you'd call on the small side. She was quit thin and no higher than 5'1. She was quiet pretty but she was so quiet that no one really paid attention to her, besides a few select employees at the mall who happened to be her friends. She had blue eyes and light blond hair that was cut in a pixie style. No one really paid her much respect and she had a hard time ever getting relationships. She wanted a child but it'd never happened yet. The only family she really had left was her older brother, Kyle, and he was very close with her, the kind of brother that was very protective of his little sister. She lived with him and he always brought her lunch and made dinner since he worked from home as a writer. Lexi looked around the empty mall with fear. How could she have been so stupid? She'd seen the report about the takeover at that one mall on the news. How did she not recognize him, he'd been all over the news for months and now she'd revealed everything about the mall to him. Who was he? He was Veck Sims, the guy that had been defeated by the world renowned mall cop known as Paul Blart. It had seemed so unlikely that a guy like Paul could defeat a guy like… well any guy at all but even more so in Veck's case. Lexi wasn't exactly sure how she knew that he was Veck, but she had a strong feeling it was. How he'd gotten out of jail was a mystery to her, but he had. A feeling of nausea swept over her. She'd trusted him and even… liked him. Not nearly as much as Jeremy, one of the clerks in the food court. Lexi had liked Jeremy for the longest time, since the first time she'd every seen him even seen him. What was not to like? He was extremely good looking, sweet, active in charity, and he was nice to her. She'd tried to ask him out before but she just couldn't. She didn't have the guts to and she didn't want to get turned down. Lexi knew she'd never be able to take down Veck on her own and wished she'd stayed home sick that day. But a feeling of obligation to the mall kept nagging her in the back of her mind. She knew that it was her job to protect the mall but she hadn't thought this would happen when she'd signed up for the job. She thought she'd just be chasing after shop lifters and stuff like that. Never in all her life had she thought she'd have to deal with something like this. Lexi jumped with fear as Veck's voice came on over the intercom of the mall. \"Lexi, no one wants to see you get hurt so just come to the security room and you won't have to be hurt and brought here by force.\" Veck watched Lexi through one of the security cameras as she looked around with panic. This is going to be way too easy. Veck thought to himself. \"N-no…\" Lexi said with fear. \"What?!\" Veck asked through intercom with annoyance and surprise. Had she just said no to him? He was the one with the gun and hostages. He was supposed to be the one in charge of this, not her. \"I said no.\" Veck growled with annoyance as he zoomed in on her to see if she was actually scared or not. She had look of pure terror on her face. Veck felt a sneer appear on his face as he realized that she was trying to act tough and possibly do what Blart had somehow managed to do. He laughed with cruelty. \"You're terrified and you know it. You think that brave act will work. I can see the fear on your face. You have to realize that you have no chance of defeating me. You do realize that, right?\" Lexi winced at Veck's words but tried to put on a brave face. \"I'm not afraid of you Veck. If someone like Paul could defeat you and your plans then someone like me can also defeat you and your plans.\" Veck laughed loudly and cruelly at Lexi's words. \"What a heartfelt speech. I don't like heartfelt speeches though and you're obviously living off in your own world. You're an idiot if you actually believe what all you just said. And as for Blart, he got lucky.\" The hatred for Paul was obvious, to Lexi and everyone else in the mall, by the way he'd said his name. \"You don't scare me Veck. And you don't really think he was lucky, do you? You know it was more than luck, don't you? It was justice.\" Veck laughed with amusement. \"Justice? Justice had nothing to do with it! The overgrown bag of lard got lucky and everyone, including him, knows it.\" Lexi knew he was probably right about Paul getting lucky on beating him, but he could also be wrong. \"And what if wasn't luck? What if was justice?\" Veck rolled his eyes as he noticed the sudden lack of confidence that was oh so evident on Lexi's face. \"You don't even believe what you're saying. It's a fact that anyone could easily see, even if they were standing a mile away.\" Lexi knew all too well that Veck was right and wished that she could believe that it wasn't luck that had been on Paul's side that night. She wished she could believe that it was really justice or even skill that had helped Paul win, but how could she, or anyone else for that matter, believe it was anything more than luck that had lead Paul to victory. A thought suddenly arose in Lexi's mind though. \"That may be true, but who's to say I won't have the same luck that he did?\" Veck laughed at this. \"And who's to say that you will?\" \"I say that I will. What are the chances that someone gets the luck to defeat you and your crew single handedly? There's the same chances that someone else, someone like me, gets that same luck that lets them defeat you and your crew a second time.\" This sent Veck over the edge. How dare she speak to him like that, like she could take him down with ease. He was the one that knew how to use a gun and even had one, while she had told him while she was 'training' him that she'd never even touched a toy water gun, so much as a real one! \"Fine, if you think you have the luck that Blart got you can use it when I send my crew down there to get you.\" Lexi's eyes widened with fear as Veck smirked with satisfaction at her expression. \"Unless you'd like to take my offer from earlier and just come to the security room where you'll become my hostage, though it will much less painful for you that way.\" Giving up and becoming a hostage sounded like such an easy choice to Lexi, but it didn't sound like the right choice to her. The right choice would be to stand up to Veck and his crew, like Paul had. But that also sounded like the scariest decision she could make in all of her life. In all honesty this was a life or death decision. Life would be following Veck's orders and death would be standing up for what was right by defying Veck and his orders. \"So you going to give up now Lexi?\" Veck asked in a mocking tone. His tone told her what she had to do. A tiny lump of confidence grew with-in her as she recalled the words that Paul had repeated on the news so many times before. \"Sure, I'll meet you on the corner of 'Ne' and 'Ver'.\"[Chapter 2] Veck growled with annoyance as Lexi looked right at him through the security camera that was capturing her every move and allowing Veck to keep an eye on her. A feeling of hatred and loathing for Lexi suddenly found itself in Veck. She was being incredibly annoying and idiotic in Veck's eyes at the moment. But a thought suddenly hit him, a thought of vengeance to her and every other mall cop (Paul Blart namely) that had stood in the way of what he wanted. He smirked at the black and white figure of Lexi, though she couldn't see the smirk. \"Fine have it your way. It all the more pain and disappointment you'll suffer when you become my hostage.\" Lexi knew he was just trying to scare her into giving up and succumbing to his demands, though it was working pretty well. But a voice in the back of her mind kept telling her that Veck was more than capable at hurting her in spite and in vengeance towards both her, for standing up to him, and Paul for beating him. He'd be releasing all the anger and hatred he'd been feeling towards Paul for the last two years and he'd be releasing the annoyance he was feeling towards her defying him and his orders. A combination of that much hatred could be quite dangerous if not deadly. But he'd probably do the same thing even if Lexi came on her own free will. \"I don't care,\" Lexi said quietly. \"What?!\" Rage and hatred bubbled inside Veck, threatening to spill out and make him hit the first thing in sight, which would be the master control of the security system. \"I said I don't care,\" Lexi said again, louder this time and with more confidence. Veck growled with frustration. \"Just who do you think you are standing up to me?\" Lexi thought for a moment, not wanting to make a fool of herself when she was doing so well at doing just the obvious. To Lexi she was making not a fool of herself but a good Samaritan, if you will, of herself. But she was seen as a completely different thing from Veck's perspective. From Veck's perspective Lexi wasn't being a good Samaritan nor was she being a fool… well to Veck she was being more than a fool, she was being downright idiotic, but more than that she was being a nuisance and she had to be taken care of before it was too late. \"I think, no I know, that I'm Lexi and I'm supposed to try to take you down, no matter how difficult it gets,\" Lexi said finally. Veck laughed at the words he'd just heard. \"You can TRY all you want, but you'll just end up being my hostage! Like I said before Blart got lucky and you have no chance of defeating me.\" \"Speaking of chances, what were the chances of Paul beating you?\" \"Point one in one billion.\" Veck had been calculating those chances for the last two year and finally gave up, seeing that it was hopeless seeing that he'd already lost, and decided upon point one in one billion. \"So what are the chances of me beating you?\" \"I'll just say the chances of lightening striking me, not once, not twice, and not even three times, but five consecutive times.\" Lexi nodded at the camera with a newfound confidence. \"You're estimations are probably right Veck, but you know the saying. Lightening never strikes twice . It never said anything about five consecutive times.\" Veck rolled his eyes as he took a few deep breathes and calmed down. What was he so worried about? He was the one with the gun, the hostages, the plan, and the backup that would get Lexi and bring her to him with a snap of his fingers. He felt extremely stupid and foolish for being worried in the first place. What's getting into you Veck? There's no reason to be worried about Lexi beating you. Wait… where'd she go?! Veck frantically scanned the security monitors but couldn't find Lexi on any of them. He groaned with annoyance and aggravation. It was his own fault that she'd escaped his sight and he knew it. He'd been too indulged in his own over confidence. But what was there to not be over confident about? As far as Veck could see this would be like taking candy from… well like taking candy from a baby named Paul Blart. Veck smirked to himself, once again much to over confident for his own good. He looked at the monitor that showed the bank where his hostages sat, struggling in vain, and his backup sat looking around broadly. \"Hey you four in the bank!\" The four people Veck had brought as backup looked around in the surprise and pointed at themselves while saying the word 'me?' \"Yes you, you idiots! I want two of you to go look for the rouge mall cop and bring her to me. Do what you have to, to get her here. But keep her alive, if she's going to die tonight it'll be by my hand.\" Even on the small screen Veck could clearly see the panicked looks on the hostages' faces as their eyes widened while the four figures nodded. Two, one obviously being a female in prime shape, left immediately while the other two, obviously males that were in very good shape, stayed to keep an eye on the hostages. Even on the small screen Veck could clearly see the panicked looks on the hostages' faces as their eyes widened while the four figures nodded. Two, one obviously being a female in prime shape, left immediately while the other two, obviously males that were in very good shape, stayed to keep an eye on the hostages. Among the six hostages was a boy with sandy blonde hair and brown highlights. His eyes were a shade of green that could pierce your very soul if he looked at you with the correct glare. His name was Jeremy and he worked in the food court that resided in the mall. Then there was a girl with chestnut brown hair and hazel eyes. Her name was Kelly and she worked in the cinema that resided in the mall. Beside Kelly was a boy with strawberry blonde hair and grayish blue eyes. His name was Phillip, but he went by Phil, and he worked in sports equipment store that resided in the mall. Then there was a boy with short dirty blonde hair and blue eyes. His name was Jessie and he worked the candy store that resided in the mall. Next to him sat a boy with longish brown hair and amber eyes. His name was Richard, but he went by Rick, and he worked in the glasses department that resided in the mall. The last hostage was a girl with short black hair and almost a shad of purple for her eyes, but the were hidden by the big glasses she wore. Her name was Susan, but she went by Suzy, and she worked in the bookstore that resided in the mall. All six of them looked at each other with panic. Lexi was a good friend to all of them, well all but Kelly. But even Kelly knew that Lexi was their only hope at this point. If Lexi was caught and possible killed they were all in deep trouble.[Chapter 3] Lexi scanned her surroundings carefully as she prayed that she wasn't within sight of the security camera at the moment. Veck was obviously watching the whole mall from the security room and that gave him the upper hand on finding her. She'd heard what he'd said to his back up in mall, she wasn't ready to die, not yet at least. The sound of wheels, of a skateboard being ridden, on the mall floor could be heard as one of the people sent to look for Lexi neared the area she waited at. Well this is it… As the sounds drew closer Lexi crossed her fingers that her plan would work. The guy that rode the skateboard had a determined look on his face as he rode. His hair was short and brunet while his eyes were a shade of brown and hazel mixed together. His code name was Striker and he knew what he had to do. His mission was to find and capture the one person, whom wasn't on his side, that was still roaming around the mall. This sounded pretty easy to him. After all, he was quite strong and very tough while this person, this mall cop, was a weak girl who'd never even touched a gun while Striker had tons of experience with weaponry. It was a few of many the reasons he was asked to be part of Veck's team. \"Come out, come out where ever you are,\" Striker said in a menacing tone. \"Come and get me,\" Lexi whispered as an ear-piercing squeal suddenly erupted in the air. Striker felt himself lose control of what his skateboard was doing all too quickly. This quick change caused the board to jerk him off as it slid on the freshly waxed floor. He closed his eyes and yelled out the single word, \"Whoa!\" as he landed on the floor, after a painful looking head on collision with a safety rail (seeing as they were on the third story of the mall). He groaned a bit as Lexi quickly tied his hands and feet with the belt she'd gotten in the store that could be seen easily from where she was sitting. Striker continued to groan as Lexi struggled to drag him into the nearest closet and lock him in it. \"One down,\" Lexi muttered after tying the belts around Striker's wrists and ankles together, as an extra precaution. Veck groaned with annoyance as he realized what had just happened. Lexi had defeated Striker. If he can't defeat her he deserves to stay locked in the closet. \"So you managed to take down one of my men,\" Veck growled through the intercom. \"I'll admit that you got a little luck on that, but your luck's soon to run out. She's in the east end of the third floor Shock.\" Shock nodded as she rode her bike towards where Veck had instructed her to go. Shock was the only female on Veck's team, but that didn't mean she was the weakest link on Veck's team. Oh no, Shock was extremely fast, flexible, and strong. She wasn't buffed out like most of the guys were but she was quite wiry. He hair was short, in a pixie cut, and dyed purple with pink highlights while her color contacts made her eyes appear to be an assortment of bright colors, almost like a rainbow but all the colors were different shades of pink, blue, and purple. Shock knew how to fight too, she'd grown up in a gang infested neighborhood in New York, not to mention been in toughest gang there was. A smirk appeared on her face as she spotted Lexi sitting in the shadows. Shock sped up in an attempt to prove herself to Veck and the rest of his team, but she didn't notice that Lexi had a large empty bucket beside her. The bucket reeked of Elmer's clear quick drying cement that had been poured on the ground not three minutes ago. As the wheels of Shock's bike hit the wet cement they immediately ceased moving and Shock went flying. She cried out in pain as her head came in contact with the safety rail that Striker had hit a few minutes before. She groaned as Lexi disposed of her the same way she had Striker. Veck groaned at his teams lack of skill. \"Is that all you've got Veck, cause I really would have expected more from you and your team,\" Lexi said, confidence fully filling her body as she reminded herself not to become over confident, seeing as the odds were still pretty against her. \"Don't worry, I've got plenty more for you,\" Veck mumbled as he glanced at the five men behind himself and pointed at the three biggest and toughest looking of them. \"You three go get her.\" They nodded and hurried off to where Lexi. \"Have fun with this batch Lexi,\" Veck laughed through the intercom. Lexi mentally groaned as she started trying to think up something for the new people that were coming for her. An idea popped into her head as she started running. \"Running won't do you any good Lexi, I can see you almost anywhere you go.\" That's what I'm hoping on. Lexi continued to run as Veck continued to give her location to his men, who were called Tack, Jump, and Slash. Tack was the smallest of the three, but he was still quite big. His hair was short and black while his eyes looked like they were totally black. Jump was in between the sizes of Tack and Slash. His hair was short, spiked, and red while his eyes were green. Slash was the biggest of the three. He had no hair while one of his eyes was brown and the other was blue. All three of them followed the directions Veck continued to spout out at them through the intercom system. Finally caught up enough to see Lexi. She was running towards a giant bounce house. As soon as she was in she started spraying the inside with a can of spray-able crazy glue. She jumped once and grabbed the one wall she hadn't sprayed and started climbing. Once at the top she sprayed one last good covering of the floor and walls. A few seconds later Tack, Jump, and Slash all pushed their way in. The glue had made the floor both extremely sticky and slippery. With in seconds all three of them had fallen flat on the faces and were grunting as they tried to get up from their sticky situation. Lexi quickly climbed outside of the bounce house and zipped the three men in (along with gluing the zipper the house so it wouldn't go down. She smiled as Veck growled and mumbled over the intercom that the people he had hired were useless and unable to take care of the simplest of tasks. He then sent out his other two men that were in the security room with him. Your luck can't last forever Lexi, no one's ever does.[Chapter 4] Lexi looked at the security camera while a feeling of exhaustion swept of her. She wasn't used to this much physical activity in such a short period of time and it was starting to take its toll on her. However, something inside of her head, possibly her subconscious, told her that this wasn't a plain case of too much running, it was something more. She looked around and, blurrily, spotter two men approaching her. Both of them wore gas mask and were spray, what looked to be, a type of gas with the type of thing a pestilence control person would spray rat poison with. \"Getting tired Lexi?\" Veck asked cruelly with a laugh. Lexi knew that she had to get out of the area, and fast. She started, sluggishly, running towards the opposite direction that the men were positioned in. They didn't start chasing her though; they just continued to spray as Veck had instructed them to do just before they'd left the security room. Veck smirked as he noticed Lexi grow more and more tired. He was glad, to say the least, that he had brought some knock out gas. He couldn't quite remember why he'd brought it in the first place, but he knew now that it had been a good idea to. He knew that it had to have been his idea to bring it in the first place since it was turning out to be so useful. Veck thought himself smarter and more cleaver than all of the people he'd hired combined. This was probably true, considering that most of his lackeys were complete and utter morons, more or less so. Just keep running Lexi, it'll just tire you out all the faster. Lexi could feel her eyelids getting heavier with each step she took, but she wasn't about to let Veck and his plots get the best of her. But the gasses the two men were spraying were affecting her physically, and she couldn't do anything that could stop them from affecting her in such ways. Just keep going Lexi, it will keep you vigilant. However, she felt her mind start to go black as her vision blurred and her balance swayed. Her breathing became heavy and hard to continue as her eye lids started to droop. She continued to drag her feet as they, her legs, and everything started to feel like led. She felt lightheaded, ready to faint into unconsciousness at any second. Her head felt like a balloon that wanted to float away into… well wherever it could get. She could hear slow thuds as her heart slowed, wanting her to collapse. He body cried for her to let it shut itself down and let her fall into the hands. But she could hear Veck cruelly laughing in the back of her mind and could just see his arrogant, overconfident, pompous and cocky smirk. She knew that she had to stay awake, no matter how hard it was. Veck looked with amazement as Lexi continued to drudge away from his men. How was she doing it? Wasn't it physically impossible to stay awake this long with that big an amount of knockout gas being spewed around you at such a close proximity? Dimmit! Why won't she collapse?! Veck growled with annoyance as Lexi trudged farther away. Centimeter by centimeter. But as she got farther she managed to go a bit faster. \"Just let yourself fall into unconsciousness Lexi,\" Veck muttered softly, as if to make her think he was her conscious. \"It will be so much easier that way.\" \"N-no… can't… mustn't…\" Lexi mutter quietly, as her head starting to feel heavy instead of light. She knew that she didn't have much time before she would flat out collapse onto the floor of the mall, but if she could just get to an area that didn't have any security cameras in it and collapse there she could hide until she wok up. A thought popped into her mind as she saw that she wasn't all that far from a restroom. She knew that she was out of the sight in Veck's case, but the men spraying the gases would easily be able to see her going into the restroom. The gases were really starting to hit Lexi, and hard. Everything started spinning and going black as she stopped walking. She felt herself sway as the world around her continued to darken. She quietly moaned as her body ached for her to just give into the gases purpose. Her head throbbed with pain as she felt herself lose balance. The last thing she could remember before the world completely disappeared on her was a soft chuckle and Veck's voice telling his men, whom were apparently called Slicer and Shredder, to go and get her. Slicer was extremely tall and thin. His arms appeared to muscle-less but there was actually quite a bit of muscle there. His hair was short and the shade of brown that a Starbucks coffee would be while his eyes were the same color as caramel. Shedder was a tad shorter than Slicer was but just as thin. He had a bit of visible but, like Slicer, he was more wiry than buffed out. His hair was in a fax hawk and jet black while his eyes were a simple shade of blue. Slicer made it to Lexi first so he picked her up, with ease, and threw her over his shoulder. They started to make their way their way to the bank when Veck's voice rang out through the intercom stopping them. \"Where do you two think you're going? I want you to bring her to me. I'm not going to chance her getting away from you idiots. She's already taken down five of you idiots I hired on her own, what's four more to her? Bring her to me now.\" The nodded and started walking towards the control room. Veck looked at them with anticipation. He couldn't wait for her to be in his grasp, to be his hostage, but more importantly his victim . The thought of finally releasing all the anger for her and the bag of lard Paul made him almost giddy. He started planning everything he would do to her. The first thing on his list of things to do once she awoke to being tied up was to belittle her as much as he possibly could and then one she looked close to the point of tears he would start hurting her physically. He'd hurt her until she was close to death, then he'd use her as the hostage he'd use to get past all the cops after killing the other ones. Then on the way to his destination he would make her feel as guilty as he possibly could for not being able to help the other hostages and helping him get past the cops. Yes, to Veck it was the perfect plan. No other plan would work for him at that point he'd come up with a plan that he like and he was going to stick to it. A cruel smirk came to his face as Slicer and Shredder entered the room, Lexi on Slicer's shoulder. You're mine now Lexi.[Chapter 5] A/N I'm sorry, but I gotta put this story on hiatus until I finish my other story. I don't want to do this but I keep getting overwhelmed and I want to be able to make all my stories as good as they can be so I'm gonna work on my other story that's going at the moment and when it's done I'll work on this one then when this one's done I'll start anouther story I came up with :) Please be patient and I'll finish the other one as soon as I possibly can so this can continue.[Chapter 6] Once Veck finally had Lexi in his grasp the feeling of revenge and hatred for her grew and spread throughout his body like a wild fire in the driest forest there ever was. Anticipation for his plans burned his very soul and the fire could very well be seen in his eyes for any person that was close enough. His frustrations and angers for everyone that had ever gotten in his way would finally be released in a few hours, if he could find it in himself to be able to restrain himself for that long. He set her on a chair and tied her to it. Now all that was left was waiting for her to wake up. \"Might as well go kill the other hostages while we wait,\" he muttered as he along with the other two men went to the bank where the six hostages were. Jeremy was struggling to get untied as he prayed that Lexi hadn't been caught. He was smart enough to know that they didn't stand a chance if Lexi was caught, not that they stood much of a chance if she hadn't been caught. Kelly was quite close to hyperventilating from all the fear that was coursing through her body. She knew that she and Lexi weren't on the best of terms and she wasn't all that sure that Lexi would actually help her after all she'd done to her. No, Lexi wasn't the type of person to hurt or let someone be hurt out of spite and vengeance, Kelly knew that much. Phil, Rick and Suzy were all looking at each other with panic. They'd known Lexi their whole time working at the mall, which was quite a while, and they knew she wasn't the strongest person in the world and tied up they couldn't very well help her if she was caught. \"Hello kiddies,\" Veck said in a mocking tone as he walked in. Jeremy glared at him. \"You're not that much older than us,\" he said. \"But if insist on calling us that, hello OLD MAN.\" Veck glared back as he withdrew his gun. \"I'd be careful with what you say,\" he said, fingering the gun causing Kelly to gasp with fear. He smirked at her obvious discomfort. \"Oh yes, I'd be very careful. Cause you see, I caught her and you're in no position to be saying anything you may regret.\" Phil, Rick and Suzy looked at each other with worry as Veck pointed his gun at Jeremy. \"Though either way, your time's up.\" Meanwhile Lexi was awaking with groan and a headache. She blinked and looked around with a confused expression. \"Wha-what's going on?\" she muttered as she glanced at the security screens. \"No…\" She quickly started trying to struggle out of the ropes she was bound in as the fog in her head started to clear, allowing her to think clearly. She knew that if she didn't get out of the ropes she was bound in the hostages were doomed, not that she had much power in the matter either way. One of her wrists slipped out of the ropes causing her to cry out with joy as she started untying her feet, Veck hadn't tied the ropes all that tightly for some reason so it was fairly easy to get out of them. She ran over to the microphone that Veck had been using so much that night and spoke into it. \"Veck?\" she asked, her voice a bit shaky, though it startled Veck nonetheless causing him to misfire and hit one of his men's legs. Veck looked around in surprise as the groans of pain from one of his men could be heard. \"She's untied…\" he realized as a look of pure rage came to his face. He'd been so close and now Lexi was no longer under his control! He looked at the closest security camera with a menacing growl. \"You'll stay in that room and just wait for me if you have any idea what's good for you Lexi.\" \"No, I don't think that'd be very good for me at all,\" Lexi responded. \"Or for the others that you have with you.\" \"Tell you what, I'll make a deal with you,\" Veck said with a smirk as he motioned for one of the three remaining men to go to the security room, though Lexi didn't notice. \"I won't kill any of them…\" Veck motioned towards the hostages. \"If you stay in the security room and wait for me like the good little girl we all know you can be.\" At that moment the man Veck sent to the security room burst in causing Lexi to let out a string of curse and unflattering words to Veck as she backed away from the man. \"I'll take that as a no then,\" Veck smirked as he pointed the gun towards Jeremy. \"No! It's a yes! I'll stay in here!\" Lexi said as she was grabbed. \"Too late.\" Veck pointed the gun at Jeremy and pulled the trigger but nothing happened. He looked at the gun with anger as Lexi and the hostages realized that the gun was empty. Lexi smirked a bit as she quickly made contact with her captors shin. He dropped her in surprise letting Lexi run towards the door to the rest of the mall. He quickly followed after her though her head start let her get out of his sight long enough that he didn't know which corridor to go down. Veck, to say the least, was not happy when the man went back to the security room and told him, though the intercom, that Lexi had escaped. \"Why is it always that if you want something done right you have to do it yourself?!\" he muttered as he finished reloading his gun and turned towards Jeremy. \"You, you're first to go back after I get back here.\" Before Jeremy could even respond a yell erupted from outside the bank. \"Hey, if you want me Veck, come and get me!\" Everyone turned but saw nothing. \"You two split up and get her, I'm staying here in case she comes here for the hostages,\" Veck said, he had since learned from Paul that keeping an eye on the hostages was important. Lexi ran as quickly as she could, she'd already locked the security room door so that guy was trapped. All that was left were two guys and Veck. Why was it that Veck seemed like he'd be harder than all off his goons put together to take down? Oh yea… it was because he'd been through all this kind of stuff before and was probably smarter than all of the goons put together. One of the two men looking for Lexi, Swat, suddenly spotted her. He smirked as he sped up. His hair was short and flaming red while his eyes were blue, he was somewhat tall and thin but very strong and agile. He'd learnt from his teammates defeats not to underestimate Lexi but still felt extremely confident. Lexi looked back and saw Swat running after her and quickly sped up. She had to think of what to do and fast! (Yay! No more hiatus for this one!)[Chapter 7] Lexi looked around at her surroundings as she ran, praying that she could find something help her in this desperate moment. She suddenly spotted just what she needed though and quickly sped up and went to the escalator. Swat kept his eye on Lexi as he chased after her while a confused expression crossed his face. Why was she running up the down escalator? She wouldn't get anywhere very fast that way, he quickly decided to be extremely careful. Lexi obviously had a plan and he wasn't about to fall for it. Lexi looked back and saw that Swat wasn't very far behind and she wasn't even half way up the escalator. She quickly put her plan into action as Swat started running up the up escalator so he could head her off. She quickly turned and ran down the escalator causing Swat to slide down the railing of it while Lexi quickly went to the sports store. She pressed the button on the wall that caused the bars to come down just before Swat could enter it. \"Should've thought that one through huh?\" he taunted with a smirk causing Lexi to look at him with confusion. \"I may not be able to get you in there but you're trapped now.\" \"Oh man… I guess you're right. I should've thought that through a bit more,\" Lexi said sadly, though she smiling like mad on the inside. \"Guess I'm your prisoner now.\" \"You got that right,\" Swat smirked. \"Now I'm going to go Veck, don't go anywhere.\" \"Like I could,\" Lexi said with the same sad expression. Swat smirked as he left her 'trapped' in the sporting goods store. As soon as Lexi was sure that Swat was out of hearing range she re-opened the gate and headed towards the nearest shop that could help her only to find Swat heading her off. \"You didn't think I was that stupid did you?\" he smirked as he stepped towards her. She backed away as she prayed for a way to get away and make it so he was out of her way. \"S-stay back!\" she warned as she found herself backed against one of the safety rails. Swat smirked as he pushed himself against her and grabbed her face, causing a pang of fear to fill her. \"You know, I could just push you over this ledge and say you fell. After all, there's no guarantee that you'd die,\" he said as he lifted her up. \"But you're so pretty, it'd be a shame to mess that up before someone got one last go at you.\" Lexi's eyes widened as she began to struggle while Swat dragged her into a men's clothing store and into a changing room, grabbing a few belts along the way. \"Get away from me!\" she cried as she was pushed into the changing room. Swat smirked as he locked the door and pulled one of the two belts in such a way that it made a harsh snapping sound before he began to tie her arms with the one. \"Stop struggling sweets,\" he smirked. \"It won't do you any good and it'll just make this harder then it'll have to be for you.\" Lexi began to cry and scream for help, hoping Veck and his one other lacky wouldn't be cruel enough to let this happen. \"Stop! Please stop! You don't have to do this!\" she cried as Swat threw her into. \"I know I don't HAVE to sweets, I want to,\" he said with the cruelest smirk Lexi had seen all night. \"And besides, you know you're gonna love it. Think of it as me doing you the biggest favor I could possibly do before your life ends.\" He then bent down and began to tie her ankles together with the other belt. \"No! Get away from me!\" she cried kicking him in the chest. He let out, what sounded like, a cross between a groan and a chuckle before looking up with a smirk while waving the belt tauntingly. \"Feisty… I like it!\" Tears streamed down Lexi's face as she kicked out again, this time making contact with Swat's face and hearing a loud crunch. A steady flow of blood began to flow down his face as he tenderly touched his nose and yelled out in pain. \"You broke my nose! That's a real turn off, you know that sweets?\" His voice was filled with rage as he roughly tied her ankles and threw her over his shoulder. \"What you say we go back to that ledge now?\" \"No! Please let me go!\" she cried as he took her to the ledge. \"Oh… don't worry, I will,\" he said cruelly as he held her out over the edge. \"Anything you wanna say before you get some real damage done to you?\" (Gah! Sorry it took so long to update! I've just been so busy lately! Now I just need to figure out what I can do in the next chapter. I love writing characters like Swat for some reason. Jerks, though Swat I feel is way over the jerk status, are really fun to write for some odd reason. Am I evil for haveing such a fun time writing this chapter? I really hope I'm not!)[Chapter 8] Lexi struggled as she looked down at the ground with fear. The fall would be two floors down but it looked about five floors farther than that when Lexi looked. Being held in the air, about to be dropped, and having a deathly fear of heights and falling wasn't a good combination in Lexi's mind. \"Please don't do this!\" she begged as froze with fear while tears streamed down her face. Swat smirked as he threw her up into the air, letting her fall for a second and easily caught her again, though the rush from even a second of freefalling set her screaming. \"Wasn't that fun sweets? Wanna see what happens when I don't catch you?\" he sneered as tears rushed down Lexi's face. She quickly shook her head no as she whimpered with fear. \"No, please,\" she begged. Swat laughed at the amount of fear that he could see in Lexi. \"You're a real wimp, you know that sweets? Sure you'll try to take down a bunch of people that are obviously so much stronger than you but when it comes to heights you'll start crying like a little baby.\" Lexi knew he was right, after all she'd been through that nigh she'd chosen now to break down and start showing the weakness that she so evidently had, but she couldn't help it. All she wanted at that moment was to be safe on the ground. \"Please… just stop,\" she cried, unable to show any bravery. Swat smirked as he brought her close to himself. \"You going to stop fighting and trying to be the hero?\" Lexi didn't respond as tears began to increase in both numbers and speed. After a few seconds though she nodded her head yes. \"Good.\" A feeling of hopelessness began to fill Lexi as Swat dragged her off to the bank. Once there she was handed to Veck, whom looked ever so pleased with himself. \"So you weren't able to trap him like the others huh?\" he smirked as he set Lexi in a swivel chair. She looked away from him with a defeated expression on her face, though her chin was pushed up to look at Vecks' face. The thing that was touching her was cool, smooth and hard. She glanced down and her breath hitched a bit from the sight of the cock of a gun being pointed at her neck. Vecks' smirk grew as he slowly moved the gun up to her temple, it lightly brushing against her skin the whole way. He picked her up, the gun never moving from her temple, and looked at the other hostages. \"You're all just lucky that I only have one spare bullet or else I'd just kill you all here and now. But since I'm on my last two bullets and what I wanted to do is complete I'll be going now,\" Veck said, sending a not-so-subtle glare towards Jeremy. \"What about Lexi?\" Jeremy asked with a worried glace towards her. In all honesty he had a good sized crush on her and the bravery and self sacrifice she'd shown that night had only made the crush even more evident to him. The only thing that kept him from telling her was… well it was the fact that he was scared she didn't like him back, so he didn't even try to touch the subject. He'd talked to her a little bit every so often, but when he did he'd find it hard to form words and she didn't seem like much of a talker. Veck smirked as he looked Lexi, whom looked scared out of her mind. \"Lexi will be coming with me.\" Lexi struggled a bit as Veck carried her out of the bank and towards the back entrance of the mall, where his ride was waiting. She was soon thrown into the back of the car, letting Veck get into the drivers' seat and begins to drive. Lexi struggled as she managed to sit up, only to be thrown down by Veck swerving every which way. \"You should consider yourself lucky,\" Veck told Lexi in a mocking voice. \"Not many girls make it into the backseat of my car on the first night.\" Lexi glared at Veck's back before he suddenly let out a string of strong profanities. \"Hold on tight, we're going off road for this.\" Lexi screamed with fear as she felt the car bounce up into the air but not hit the ground. She groaned as the car finally touched the ground again with a hard thud. Sirens could be heard in the far off distance and they only continued to get quieter as time went on. After what seemed like hours Veck stopped the car and proceeded to pull Lexi out of the car. She struggled with all her might as she spotted the plane that Veck was heading towards. She felt her hands slip from the belt letting it fall to ground with a thud. Veck looked in surprise as Lexis' hand made contact with his stomach. He gasped as Lexi fell from his grasp. She quickly proceeded to undo the belt around her ankles as Veck tried to regain his ability to breathe. As soon as the belt fell from her ankles Lexi stood up and backed away, dropping the belt without even thinking. Veck looked at her with a look of pure rage as he approached her, Lexi quickly backing away with every step he took towards her. \"That's it,\" Veck growled. \"I've had enough of your games Lexi. You think you have the slightest chance of taking me down? What Blart did was a fluke and it won't happen again.\" Lexi knew that she was in a lot of trouble if Veck got his hands on her again. She continued to back away as a crash of thunder sounded and rain began pouring down onto them. \"Why don't you just give up now and do what I tell you to do? Everything will be so much easier for you then and your struggling won't continue to waste both of our time. Because really Lexi, what makes you think that you stand any chance against me?\" The voice in Lexis' head continuously told her that Veck was right and that she was far too tired and weak to even really try anymore, but her heart told her that she couldn't do that. She had to continue to fight, if she just gave up Veck would get away with his crime no problem and that didn't seem right to her. \"No.\" \"No what?\" Vecks' voice was seething with venom and anger; it scared Lexi to continue when Veck could pull out his gun at any moment and just shoot her there and then, but, again, she knew that she couldn't just give up. \"No I'm not going to stop struggling and trying to stop you. At this point I'm the only one that can try.\" \"Well you know what? At this point you're the only one that's stupid enough to try to take a down someone that's a lot bigger than you and has a gun and a couple of bullets with him.\" Lexi knew he was right but she didn't show any sign that she was scared. She'd been through too much to give him the fear he want so she just stood her ground and tried her best to look unaffected. (I know it's been forever since I last updated and I apologize for that. I've just been extremely busy with school and this story is becomeing hard to write because I can't think of anything to happen :( I feel like Lexi's becoming a Mary-sue and I don't want that to happen!)[Chapter 9] Veck inserted his two bullets and readied the gun shoot Lexi in a few swift movements. Lexi shut her eyes tightly, ready for the pain to come, as Veck pointed the gun at her. A loud bang echoed as Lexi felt a bullet suddenly come in contact with her left kneecap. She cried out in pain as she collapsed onto the ground. A smirk graced Veck's face as he walked over to her, bent down to her level and put the cock of the gun to her temple. \"Do you want to cooperate with me now, or should I pull the trigger right here and now?\" he asked, his voice full of a cruel amusement. Tears of pain streamed down Lexi's face, but she gritted her teeth and glared, defiantly, at Veck. She knew that she didn't have any chance at this point, so why cooperate at all? Not that she'd really cooperated with him at all that night. \"Well?\" \"Never,\" Lexi spat defiantly. \"Fine have it your way then,\" Veck said, he sounded angered, though, that Lexi would rather take the bullet than just cooperate with him. Lexi prepared herself to die. Funny… she thought to herself. I always thought your life was supposed to flash before your eyes right before you die… but I don't see anything though... A loud bang echoed throughout the air and Lexi fell to the ground, her body suddenly heavier. Her body ached and stung with pain as struggled to stay afloat in the hazy darkness that was beginning to envelope her world. Sirens echoed in the distance and she felt herself being picked up. \"Lexi! Lexi! Wake up! Don't go to sleep!\" Lexi's breath stopped at the voice she heard. It sounded like Kyle, her older brother. She wanted to blink but she found that she didn't have the energy to. She did, however, manage to open her mouth and get a few words out. \"K-Kyle, is that you?\" she asked weakly. \"That's right Lexi, its Kyle. Just stay awake for me, okay?\" the voice pleaded. \"O-okay,\" Lexi murmured quietly. \"You're gonna be okay Lexi, can you keep talking to me?\" \"Y-yea… where's Veck?\" \"He's back there on the ground.\" This managed to give Lexi enough energy to quickly snap her eyes open. \"Wh-what? What happened?\" \"I shot him before he could shoot you.\" \"You? Y-you shot V-veck?\" Lexi had a shocked look on her face, as far as she knew Kyle had never touched a gun. \"Yea, I've been too shooting ranges every so often and when I heard what was going on I drove down to the mall and demanded that they take me when the car with you and Veck sped past us. I was the first out of the car when we caught up and I'd grabbed a gun. So I shot him before he could shoot you… unfortunately, he still managed to shoot you in the chest. I'm pretty sure you're going to fine though.\" \"He got me in the knee too…\" Lexi muttered. \"So is he…\" She couldn't even bring herself to say the word. As much as Veck deserved it, she didn't want him to die. She would never wish that on anyone. \"Dead?\" Kyle asked causing Lexi to cringe a bit. Kyle looked at her sympathetically with his blue eyes. Lexi had been sensitive on that subject ever since their parents had died in a drive by shooting. \"No. Just unconscious. I hit him in the back of the leg and he fell face first onto the ground.\" \"Oh…\" Lexi said with a bit of relief. \"How are the other employees?\" \"They're all fine. In fact, a couple of them are waiting at the police station right now to find out what's up with you. I think the only one that didn't go was named Kelly.\" Lexi's breath stopped again, Jeremy had gone to see what happened. \"One of them, Jeremy I think, had one of the police that stayed behind radio us to tell us that he wanted to know what was going on as it happened.\" Lexi mentally smiled as she suddenly found herself being placed on a cot inside of an ambulance. Later… Lexi sat on the couch in her living room. It'd been a week since Veck had been apprehended and he was now back in jail where he belonged. Lexi was on leave from work because of her knee and chest. The bullet had narrowly missed all of her vital organs so she would be fine after plenty of rest. The doorbell suddenly rang causing Lexi to look up from the book she was reading. Kyle was at the grocery store getting some food for dinner so it was up to her to answer the door. She sighed as she set the book down and grabbed her crutches. She slowly wobbled to the door and about two more rings she managed to open the door. What she saw took her breath away. \"Jeremy?\" she asked with surprise. \"What are you doing here?\" \"Hey,\" Jeremy smiled. \"Sorry I wasn't here sooner but everything's been pretty hectic lately.\" Lexi smiled as Jeremy came in. She closed the door as they both went and sat down on the couch. \"I know this is going to sound extremely random and all but after what happened I have to tell you something,\" Lexi said looking at Jeremy. \"Same here, that's why I came over, you go first.\" \"Kay… well I really like you, a lot.\" Jeremy smiled. \"Same here,\" he said as gently leaned in and placed a soft kiss on Lexi's lips. A feeling of happiness filled Lexi as she kissed him back. Maybe this whole fiasco was for the best… The End (Yay! I did it! I managed to get enough inspiration to finish this story :D I enjoyed writing it quite a bit though. It seems like every time I finish one of these long term stories it feels like a piece of me is missing :( The characters really grow on me when I'm writing them. They become my friends and family through the process. Hope you liked them as much as I did :D) ","Summary":" A sneer graced Veck's lips as he looked at his hostages in the bank. A second mall and a second cha"},{"Movie":"Paul Blart: Mall Cop","Title":"Beautiful Danger","Author":"mckeybird10","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5148222","Passage":"[Chapter 1] DISCLAIMER: It goes without saying that I own nothing. \"Attention shoppers, please make your way to the nearest exit immediately. Unfortunately the mall will be closing early tonight.\" A man's voice came on over the intercom in the ladies room of West Orange mall. \"Shit,\" muttered Anna Davis as she struggled with the reluctant zipper on the brand new lavender bridesmaid's dress she had just bought for her sister's upcoming wedding. She twisted this way and that, fighting not to rip the flimsy material as she tugged the zipper up over her hips and wishing she had gone with the 5 after all. \"Damn you, delicious yet carb-loaded mall Chinese food.\" Aware of the mall's abrupt closing and exhausted after hours searching for the perfect dress, Anna gave up after several more minutes and resigned to add a couple extra laps at the gym in the weeks leading up to the wedding. She changed back into her t-shirt and jeans, slipped her leather jacket on and hurried out of the restroom. As Anna stepped back into the mall's food court, she frowned in confusion. Her green eyes scanned the area over and over again, but the room remained the same. Empty. Not a person in sight. \"That was fast,\" Anna thought, walking towards the exit. She halted to a sudden stop when she saw metal chains locked tight around the handles. \"What the fuck?\" Worry creeping into her mind, she began to walk briskly down the silent hallways. \"Hello?\" She called to empty stores. \"Anybody there?\" Anna shook her head slowly, looking around. There was no way the mall had cleared out that fast. There was no way it had closed with her still in it. In fact, it didn't seem closed so much as abandoned. All the lights were all still on. Pleasant, festive Christmas music still sounded from the speakers, and most stores weren't even locked up. Some, even, had the metal bars frozen halfway down. Anna wondered for a moment if time itself had frozen. There had to be someone still in this mall. It was Black Friday, the busiest day of the damn year! Shouldn't there be a night guard or a janitor or something? \"Hey, what the hell is that?\" Anna heard a man's voice echo. Before she could respond in relief, a scruffy, dark haired man in all black darted around the corner. He stopped when he saw her, seeming shocked, and Anna tilted her head in confusion at the object in his hand. Immediately her whole body froze up: he was holding a gun. \"Don't move!\" he pointed his gun at her and stepped forward. \"Fuck,\" she breathed. Without much thought, she dropped her shopping bags and began sprinting the other way. \"Hey, get back here!\" She heard rapid footsteps following her, but deduced from a brief look at the young, slightly overweight man that she could outrun him and hide somewhere, hopefully for long enough to call the police. After sprinting up two escalators, she was now on the top floor hiding behind a giant blowup Santa decoration. She scrambled in her jacket pocket for her cell phone, only to realize it was dead. \"Of fucking course,\" she thought, trying not to cry. She briefly assessed her situation: she was locked in a mall with a crazy man who wanted to kill her, for whatever reason. The exits she had seen so far were locked. Anna wondered fearfully if there were any other criminals in here, then had a brief flashing image of a gang shooting up the mall. \"What the fuck is going on?\" she thought. She decided that she had to think of something, fast. She thought hard for a moment, then decided to crawl to the nearest directory, which was about ten feet away, and locate a telephone so she could call the police. Simple, but ran the risk of being seen. She had no idea if she had been followed or not. So, mustering up all the bravery she had in her body, Anna held her breath and slowly began crawling across the room. She had barely moved an inch when she heard another man's voice. \"There she is!\" Anna gasped and turned her head just in time to see two large men, one the same maniac from before, emerging toward her, guns pointed viciously. Anna panicked, threw up her hands, and blurted the first lines that came to mind: \"Don't shoot! I'm clean!\" The two men crinkled their brows in confusion, then smirked. They put their guns in their jeans as they closed in on her, grabbing her arms hard and lifting her to her feet. She considered for a minute putting up a fight. But these were strong, terrifying men, and while running was her forte, self-defense was an area she knew nothing about. She began to tear up as she let the men walk her down the hall. \"What do you want from me?\" Anna whispered. The men said nothing, just exchanged a look. What the hell have I gotten myself into?[Chapter 2] \"Here's the girl, Veck. Found her crawling around over by Footlocker. She gave up pretty swift, though.\" The man chuckled. Anna looked up warily, tugging her arms free from the two men only to be shoved down into a chair. She looked around and saw that they had brought her to the inside of the mall's BB&T;, where there were four other people sitting on the ground. This literally looks like a fucking crime show , Anna noted as she assessed the hostages. They stared back at her with the same terrified look on their faces that Anna knew she must have had on hers. She also saw another man in black standing facing the group, and felt her heart skip a beat upon seeing the gun he twirled in his hand. \"Nice job, Rudolph. You too, Prancer.\" Anna and the others turned their attention to the back of the room, where another man dressed in black sat in a leather rotating chair. There was something different, Anna felt, about this one. He was notably attractive, appeared to be in his late twenties, with messy brown hair and scruff. Tattoos covered his arms and his dark eyes were intense and piercing as he looked, amused, up at the other men. Anna watched, at once terrified and mesmerized by this man, clearly the ringleader of the bunch. Her brain formed the name Charles Manson as the man's lips formed a smirk. \"You know, I wasn't sure you guys had it in you, bringing back a small teenage girl when you couldn't manage that weak tub of lard for me last year. But you proved yourselves useful this time, didn't you?\" Not a fucking teenager , Anna thought, a muted pang of irritation registering somewhere in the back of her mind, as Anna was 19 and had been successfully lying about her age to get into bars since age 15. The feeling was fleeting, however, as she was much more focused on her current situation. The henchmen had no response to the man's dig and averted their eyes. Anna found it astonishing that this man could easily boss around people so much larger than him without getting his ass kicked. MANSON , her mind screamed once again. Suddenly realization hit her like a ton of bricks as newspaper headlines flashed through her brain. It was all over the news about this time last year: Mall Cop Defeats Criminals in Mall Takeover. Then a few months later: Men Convicted in Mall Takeover Bailed out of Jail... Oh, God , she thought. There was no way. Was this the same gang? But how the hell did they manage to pull it off for the second year in a row? I'm fucked. Where was that Blart guy when she needed him!? Oh yeah, she remembered another headline: Beloved Mall Cop Retires After Over 20 Years of Protecting. Shit. It looked like Anna was all alone on this one. Anna snapped back to reality when the man, Veck apparently, stood up and slowly walked over to her. She crossed her arms and legs and stared up into his eyes, pulling her best poker face, although poker was never her strong suit either. In reality she was having trouble focusing due to the wildly amused look in his eyes and the way they scanned first her face, then moved down to her body, seeming to take it all in. Her face suddenly flushed as she became very aware of herself. \"Well, well, well. Aren't you a pretty little thing.\" He smirked again, and Anna's skin prickled. He turned to the man guarding the hostages, and snapped his fingers. The man hurried over to the rolling chair and dragged it to him. He sat down and continued. \"What's your name, sweetheart?\" Anna struggled to focus. Should she tell him? Should she keep quiet? Or maybe make up a name? God, damn it, why is he looking at me like that? \"It's Anna.\" she muttered finally, trying out her best tough-as-nails voice. It came off more like a pouty seven year old forced to sit in time out. \"Anna,\" Veck repeated as if he was tasting the word in his mouth. \"Well, Anna, what's a little thing like you doing crawling around my mall after hours?\" His tone was mocking, as if he were actually talking to a seven year old. Anna squinted her eyes and scowled. \"I'm nineteen,\" she muttered, irritated by all the condescending name-calling. Veck raised his eyebrows. \"Okay, nineteen-year-old Anna. I'll ask again. What were you doing in the mall?\" Anna found it hard to speak, but why, she couldn't quite put her finger on. Her mind was clouded by fear and anger and something else, some strange, anxious tingling she couldn't recognize. So she stayed silent, instead choosing to assess her surroundings again. She peered at the hostages, who looked back at them with fearful intrigue, then at the other men, who watched the whole scene threateningly. Finally Anna looked back at the intensely intimidating man just inches in front of her. She struggled to breath. Veck sighed, exasperated. \"Fine, don't speak then. I will.\" He stood up, pushing back the chair as he did so. Anna let out a deep breath. Veck crossed his ink-covered arms and looked down at her. \"So, Anna, here's how this is going to work. You do as I say, answer what I ask, and don't, whatever you do, try to escape.\" Anna noticed how he was talking exaggerated, like he really wanted to get his point across. \"Because unlike last time, we have bombs by every door. So unlike last time, if the police so much as try to come in, they will get blown to bits.\" Anna's heart quickened at the word \"bomb\". This was serious. \"Do you know what this means, Anna?\" Silence. He walked over to Anna's chair and crouched down right in front of her. He placed his hands on either arm of her chair and looked into her eyes, leaving her no choice but to do the same. He was so close, she could feel the heat emanating from his body, and she faintly smelled some sort of aftershave. \"I asked you a question, Anna,\" he muttered, his voice suddenly sounding deeper and more serious. \"No,\" Anna said quietly. Her voice broke, and Veck smirked again. When he continued, he spoke so quietly it was almost a whisper. \"It means, Anna, that unlike last time, there is absolutely nothing holding us back from wasting you hostages like trash.\" Anna stiffened. He stood up, clearly satisfied. Some of the other hostages looked at Anna, confused, wondering looks on their faces. She wondered if anyone else had even heard what Veck had just said. She didn't think so. \"So Anna, I assume you understand the rules?\" Anna nodded. \"Great. Then we can begin.\"[Chapter 3] \"Now that you understand how this works, sweetheart, I'm going to ask you again.\" Veck sat in his chair, swiveling back and forth in front of Anna. How he managed to look menacing while swiveling in a chair, Anna had no idea. \"Why are you still in the mall?\" Veck stopped swiveling to lean forward in his chair. He was now inches away from her, his dark eyes piercing into hers. It was an accident! Anna wanted to scream. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to get stuck in the middle of your fucking heist, I'll do whatever you want, please just stop looking at me like that! But nothing would come out. She heard ringing in her ears and her mind was so foggy she forgot his question completely. She opened her mouth but suddenly got the urge to cry, or maybe puke, so she closed it. Veck stared into her eyes for a second more, then took a deep breath and shook his head. \"So that's how you want to play it.\" he muttered, leaning back and snapping to one of his men. In one swift move a gun was tossed at Veck. He caught it, spun it straight, and pressed the tip on Anna's forehead. Upon feeling the cold, hard metal, Anna stiffened and gasped, her breath catching in her throat. \"Do you understand, Anna, that I'm not playing around here? I don't like wasting time, I don't like repeating myself, and I don't like making situations more complicated than they need to be. And I would certainly hate to mess up that pretty little head of yours.\" Suddenly, an idea sprang forth from Anna's muddled mind. Maybe out of courage, or perhaps desperation, Anna knew what she was going to do. She could feel the thick silence in the room and knew every eye was on her, every move they made was being intensely observed. Veck sighed, breaking the silence. \"Please don't disappoint me, Anna.\" She heard the gun cock, and everything happened at lightning speed. Before Anna had time to second guess herself, she had reached up, snatched the gun from Veck, and spun it on him. She slowly stood up, eyes wide, keeping the gun pointed towards Veck as the other men grabbed their guns and pointed them at her. They began to advance, and Anna waved the gun toward each one wildly, watching as they jerked back when it flew over them. \"Stay back!\" Anna yelled, and as Veck started to stand up she flung it back in his direction. Instantly one of the men lunged for her and knocked her over. She hit the ground, struggling to keep her hold on the gun as the man grabbed for it. She could see the other men beginning to advance when- BOOM. BOOM. One shot rang out, then another. Several hostages screamed and a window shattered. Anna looked at her hand in shock, realized that the trigger pulled wasn't hers, and suddenly cried out in pain. The man who tackled her scrambled to his feet as Anna crumpled into a ball on the floor, screaming. \"What the hell was that? You fucking idiots! You know not to shoot unless I say!\" Veck yelled, grabbing the gun from the hand of the man closest to him and throwing it against the wall furiously. He crouched next to Anna, who was clutching her left shoulder and breathing heavily, face down on the floor. He gently flipped her over and she immediately let go of her arm, grabbed the gun on the floor at her side, and kicked Veck in the chest with both feet, hard. He fell backwards in shock as Anna stood up and made a break for the door. \"You bitch!\" Veck screamed as he got to his feet. The other men began to chase after her. \"Wait!\" Veck called. They stopped in their tracks and turned around. \"Bring that little brat back to me alive.\" With that, the men dashed out the door.[Chapter 4] Anna knew what she had to do. She ran to the edge of the railing surrounding a large rectangular gap, where you could see down to the 1st and 2nd stories. The ball pit was directly below, and, as Anna saw when she looked, the men (and woman) were about twenty feet behind her. They all ran toward her at lightening speed, one she hadn't seen before even rolling toward her on a skateboard. Anna climbed on top of the rail, held her breath, and jumped. Splash! Anna slammed into the ball pit, sinking to the bottom. A million multicolored plastic balls flew up all around her. She felt the bottom, and pushed her way through to get back up to the top. She poked her head through, and looked up, only to see five bodies prepared to jump off the ledge into the ball pit along with her. Anna gasped, and struggled through the pit until she reached an edge, and climbed over it. Anna landed on the ground, and noticed that she had lost her flip flops in the flurry of ball-pit balls. She shrugged, and ran into the nearest store, a CVS, right as Veck's group landed with a smack into the ball pit. She knew she didn't have much time. Anna ducked under CVS's almost shut bars, and, once in the store, struggled to pull them shut all the way, just as Veck's group leaped out of the ball pit and slammed into the now shut metal bars. They scowled at her furiously, and for a second Anna realized that they had guns, and were willing to use them. They didn't though, they simply ran off. Sure to return, Anna thought, confused. Anna knew she didn't have much time. She ran to the back of the store, looking for a small metal box attached to the wall. It was hard to see, because the lights in CVS had already been turned off and the large store was lit only by the excess light in the mall shining in through the bars. She ran her hands against the wall, until she found the box. She tried to pull it open, but it wouldn't budge- it was still locked!Damn, Anna thought. She had to find a pair of keys. Anna ran through the aisles until she found what she was looking for: a flashlight. She ripped the packaging off and turned it on. Thank god it didn't need batteries. Anna flicked the flashlight on and flashed it around the store, searching for the keys anywhere. She ran up to the cashier desk, and looked through everything. No key. After searching around hopelessly for the clearly nonexistent key, Anna decided that she had to do something, before they came back. So she flipped the flashlight around, ran up to the metal box, and smashed the flashlight into the lock. It dented the box, and the lock broke off. The box slowly opened to reveal a flurry of multicolored wires. \"Shit!\" Anna muttered. Which wire cut of the cameras? She shined the flashlight on the base of each wire, and saw a single letter above each one. The blue wire had a V, the red had a L, the green had a B and there were two yellows; one with an A and one with a J. She thought for a minute, then figured that the L stood for LCD, and decided to snip that one. She grabbed a packaged pair of scissors and opened them, then stepped back and held the scissors at the middle of the wire. \"Here goes,\" she whispered. In a simple 'chop', the wire was cut, and Anna was engulfed in blackness. .*.*.*. Anna picked up the flashlight she had dropped and shone it around the store, confused. Everything was dark- even the main mall was pitch black. Then she got it- L stood for Lights. When she cut the wire, she was cutting off the lights! \"Ah, damn!\" Anna exclaimed, stomping her foot. Veck was sure to be pissed, which meant his men (and woman) were on the way. Well, at least she got invisibility, just not exactly the kind she had expected. Anna lifted up the bars again and walked back out into the mall, flashlight in hand. She tiptoed barefoot down the long, store lined hall, listening intently for any sounds of other people. Her next step was to get to the bank, and slowly free one hostage at a time. She found a directory, located the bank on the 3rd floor, and quietly made her way up. Her plan was finally in action. Ah! Sorry for not updating lately! Computer was broken. ): But its all better now! Thanks so much for all the awesome reviews, guys- apparently my story does not suck! Well, next chapter up soon. Keep R&R-ing;![Chapter 5] Anna crouched down outside the bank, flicked her flashlight off and set it next to her. She could hear talking, or most likely arguing, going on, so clearly Veck's group had returned to the bank. Anna peeked her head in the doorway, and saw that there were about ten strategically placed flashlights shining inside, making it fairly easy to see what was going on. She needed to sneak in at just the right moment, she concluded: when everyone's backs were turned and they were focused on something other than the doorway. Which wouldn't be hard, considering everybody but Veck and another man guarding the hostages was looking down in shame. How does he do that? Anna waited for a moment, but then gripped her flashlight as the hostage-guard man stepped into another room for a minute. This was the perfect opportunity- nobody was looking at her. But as Anna prepared to sneak into the bank, she heard her name, and jumped. But it was only Veck, who was standing facing his five helpers, his back to Anna. He looked pretty angry, from what she could see. Anna didn't blame him. His men were so far unable to catch not only a fat mall cop, but a weak (in theory) teenage girl. They must feel pretty ashamed at the moment. She leaned her head in closer to try to hear some of the heated conversation. Or, more like Veck just angrily lecturing his helpers. \"I gave you a simple task: bring the girl to me!\" he wasn't yelling, but his voice was raised, and she was pretty sure he was gritting his teeth. \"I just don't understand what's so complicated. She's seventeen , for Christ sakes! It can't be that hard.\" Anna bristled. So what if she was seventeen? Its not that young. \"So if you barbies clearly can't capture this girl, maybe I can give it a try! Give me a gun.\" Veck grabbed the black handgun that was handed to him, then turned to face the door, his men left looking embarrassed and ashamed, per usual. Anna swiftly ducked back behind the door. She could hear frantic footsteps getting closer, and she saw a light shining through the door getting bigger and clearer. She needed to hide, and fast. Anna grabbed her flashlight and started running down the hall way. The hostages would have to wait. As Anna ran, she could faintly see behind her a bright light getting closer, but she was pretty sure Veck hadn't spotted her. Yet. She came to a winding metal staircase and quickly and quietly started to descend to level 2. She saw Veck's flashlight scanning above her, and sped up. If he saw Anna, he could easily outrun her. And he had a gun, which could outrun anything. When Anna reached the bottom, she looked around, trying to see which stores were near. Again she saw Veck's flashlight flash down the steps, so she quickly darted into the nearest store, not caring what it was. She prayed that the alarms didn't sound as she felt around for a chair or something to sit in for a moment. She needed to catch her breath, and think about what her next move would be. Finally, Anna felt something cold and leathery, with a cushioned back and seat. A chair! Anna sighed, relieved, as she settled into the soft leather chair. She leaned back, and realized where she was- a salon. Anna thought fast when she saw outside the doorway Veck and his flashlight start to descend the staircase. She thought hard about all the times her and her friends had visited this salon. She thought about the service, the instruments they used, where they kept everything... Then she realized, that was it! The back room. Anna knew for a fact that this salon had a back room where they kept things such as hair dye, brushes, extra dryers, whatever. If she could find the back room, she could hide out there until she was sure Veck was gone. If she was lucky, there would even be one of those old fashioned phones most salons had. Stepping cautiously out of the chair, Anna started to make her way to the back of the salon, feeling around the walls carefully. Finally, she came to a cold metal handle. Yesss! But before she could pull open the door, she felt two hands slide around her waist. \"Hello, Anna.\" Ooh, suspense! Well, not really. I guess its not that much of a secret who that is. I also guessss you could say the next chapter's gonna be pretty unrealistic. But whatever, its a story. Anything can happen. (; R&R;! Thanks to everyone. Next chapter up soon![Chapter 6] Anna spun around, and came face to face with Veck. She could see his dark eyes sparkle and dance lustfully as he stared into her wide green ones, smirking. Veck's arms stayed where they were, wrapped around Anna's waist, his hands pressed to her lower back. She couldn't speak or move, she was so shocked. \"Surprised? I know. Poor thing, it must really suck to have your plans crushed.\" He spoke mockingly as he reached a hand up and toyed with a strand of her blond waves. What was he doing?! Anna tried to squirm, but she just couldn't bring herself to move. \"Of course, I of all people would understand your pain,\" he spoke mockingly. \"That damn mall cop ruined everything for me last year, too.\" he looked down, seeming to replay the events in his mind. Anna frowned- although he was a criminal, she had to feel at least a teeny bit sympathetic that everything went wrong. I mean, he had clearly worked pretty hard to make sure everything went according to plan, and then, of course, along came Paul. Veck continued. \"But of course, I don't give up. I came back, better and stronger that last year. See, I need this, Anna. The money, I need it. Even more that I did last year.\" Anna looked up into his eyes. He was still looking down, thinking, and she still couldn't move. So he did have a reason. Anna couldn't help being curious as what it was, though. And before she could stop herself, she spoke. \"Why?\" Anna's voice came out small, high-pitched and shaky. Veck looked back up, and narrowed his eyes in confusion. He must have been shocked that Anna had spoke- she was, too. \"Well,\" he started. \"Lets just say... I needed a fresh start.\" Veck answered matter-of-factly. Anna nodded as if she understood, when really, it was the opposite of how she felt. Fresh start? Could that be any more vague? \"And when I want something, I get it.\" Veck's tone became serious. Period.\" He looked back down into her eyes, and whispered. \"I'm not taking no for an answer.\" With that, he placed a hand on her cheek, and gently pressed his lips to hers. Anna gasped into the kiss, and placed her hands on his chest, but she couldn't bring herself to push him away. Whether it was shock, or just that it was so comfortable in his arms, pressed against his chest, she couldn't move. She couldn't stop him. The problem was, she wasn't quite sure if she wanted to anymore. Anna's lips began to kiss him back, but her mind wondered what the hell she was doing, and if it was even real. Veck was the bad guy- not to mention much older than her. Didn't he want to kill her? Or maybe, he just wanted to... No, Anna thought, stopping her train of thought in its tracks. No way in hell. But as Veck gently pressed her up against the wall, keeping his lips locked on hers, Anna wondered what he really intended to do with her. To be completely honest, Anna thought, he was quite attractive. Her eyes had basically been drawn to him since they had first seen him- he was hot. He had to be able to get women easily. So why, then, was he kissing her? As much as Anna was aware that this was wrong on so many levels, she couldn't stop. She didn't make any move to push him away as his hand trailed the length of her arm. She couldn't resist kissing him back, and no matter what she did, she couldn't stop kissing him back. Anna felt not completely in control, but she couldn't explain it. Suddenly, a flash of light at the salon's entrance caught both of their eyes. Veck swiftly pulled away from her, Anna's mind going crazy at the loss of contact. They looked over at the source of the bright light, just in time to see one of Veck's helper men run in the salon. He didn't see Veck at first, until Veck called out, \"Prancer, over here! I got the girl.\" He grabbed both Anna's wrists in one hand and pulled her out into the open salon. Prancer looked over, barely noticing Anna. \"Dude, we gotta hurry. SWAT is closing in. We left the other hostages, but we gotta get out of here, now!\" He turned to go but stopped when Veck spoke up. \"What about the money?\" Veck asked forcefully. Prancer looked at Veck full of self pride. \"Its all there.\" Veck smirked greedily in response. Prancer darted out of the salon, motioning for them to follow. Veck followed after Prancer, still holding Anna's wrists firmly. Anna stumbled behind him, baffled- what the hell had just happened? First Veck kisses her, really kisses her... But the next thing she knew, Anna was right back to being slave girl? Then, a thought dawned over Anna, making her eyes widen and her heart pound worriedly: What if that was what she was now? A slave? Steamy!? Aha. This chapter was fun to write. (; Hope you enjoyed, please R&R.; Next chapter will be up ASAP, promise![Chapter 7] Veck rushed Anna into the passenger seat of a sleek black van parked in the discreet back lot and hopped into the drivers seat. SWAT really was closing in. They had made that clear when Veck and Anna had heard the motion censored bombs go off at the doors below them. It had shook the whole building, and almost gave Anna a heart attack. Anna felt so stupid. She had made all these plans, feeling like she could be the hero. Well now here she was, trapped in a car with a dangerous criminal, headed to god-knows-where. She might even be, she shuddered at the thought, a slave. Pretty ironic. She wondered if she would ever be freed, or if they would just keep her a hostage forever. Somewhere in her mind, she was sure the answer was, no. They would let her go. They weren't keeping her forever. Something about Veck just seemed so sincere. As if he didn't plan on hurting her. Anna stared out the window as Veck wordlessly started up the car and swerved out of the back lot onto the highway. He was immediately followed by an identical black van, and by the way he didn't seem all that worried by the car behind him, Anna assumed it was just his crew. The drive was awkward and dark. For Anna anyway. The road was unusually empty, even Veck's crew had gotten ahead, making it hard to see street signs or buildings or any clue whatsoever to where they might be headed. Anna felt oddly at peace in the strangest way. She leaned back in the soft leather seat and let her mind wander. Maybe Veck was taking her to another mall. Or maybe even an old, abandoned warehouse. Ew, creepy. Anna hoped not. Maybe, just maybe, he was dropping her off at a bus stop, and letting her go home. For some reason though, Anna doubted it. While she could sense that he wasn't going to hurt her, at the same time she could tell he wasn't letting her off that easily, what with all the plan-intervening she had recently attemped. A loud, piercing siren jogged Anna back to reality. \"Ah, shit!\" Veck muttered. \"Fucking police.\" He sped up, then almost immediatly swerved down an exit Anna hadn't even seen before. It was surrounded by towering trees, and from the looks of it, the police had accidentally missed it. Ha ha, Anna thought suddenly, shocking herself. Wait, why was she mind-laughing that the police weren't following them? Shouldn't she feel defeated again, or hopeless? Something? But nope, for reasons Anna couldn't explain, she felt smug. Giddy, even. What was wrong with her? Was she becoming... Bad? Suddenly, Veck slammed on the breaks. Anna jolted forward. \"What the hell?\" She breathed, looking up at Veck shakily. She then leaned back and took deep breaths to steady herself. \"Dead end.\" he responded, sounding annoyed. Anna looked up, and bit her lip when she saw that instead of the continuing road, a wide, thick, pitch-black forest spread out in front of the car. Dead end indeed. But what the two heard next made them whip their heads around in shock and stare wide-eyed out the back window. Sirens. Aha! So the chapter-writing wizard has finally caught up to me. Now I have to write the chapters as I go, where as these previous ones were all ones I had already written. Oh well. Anywhooo, this was a bit of a (extremely short, sorry) filler, you could say. Not that much going on. But, it works for now, considering after this there's only two chapters left... in this story , that is. Never fear, though; I already have a sequel in the works. R&R;, my dearies. (:[Chapter 8] \"Shit,\" Veck said, turning forward again, as the blare of sirens got threateningly louder. He kept his eyes on the ominous forest that splayed out darkly in front of the van, and continued. \"We gotta get out of here, fast.\" He said seriously. Anna nodded, her face twisted with worry, a worry she couldn't quite place. But neither of them moved. Veck stayed seated, not moving or making any sound, and Anna... Well, she wasn't about to go outside alone, in the dark, in god knows where they were. So she sat quietly also, confused as to why they weren't running away yet. She dared herself to sneak a peek at him, if she could even see anything, and when she did, she saw an intense look on his face. He was frowning, not at her, but into space, and his eyes were intense and focused. It seemed as if he was considering some sort of options. Anna frowned also- what options did they even have? In her eyes, there were two: run into the scary dark forest, or get caught. And from the way the sirens were getting louder by the second, it seemed Veck was opting for box number two. Anna sighed and turned around. She could faintly see a spinning red and blue glare off in the distance. The police were getting closer. She had to say something. \"Um?\" Anna said, her voice coming out small and unsure. Veck flipped his head and looked straight at her, and she tensed up and held her breath. His intense eyes were darker than usual- due to the minimal light, Anna assumed- as he scanned her face, seemingly confused that she had spoken up. It lasted only a second, though, as he faced forward again and muttered, \"Oh.\" Anna exhaled. Now what? She got her answer as he reached under his seat and pulled out a black leather suitcase. He frantically undid the clips and threw it open. Anna eyes widened and she tensed up again and when she saw what was in the suitcase- a frightening array of bullets, guns, and small bomb-looking things in all sizes. Veck glanced at Anna, and smirked at her terrified expression. \"Don't worry, they're not for you. Yet.\" He scoffed, and she prayed that it was just a little criminal humor. He traced a couple guns with his finger, until he came upon a little metal ball about the size of a tangerine. He picked it out of the container, tossed it up once and catched it in his palm. He then closed up the suitcase and placed it back under his seat. He started the car back up, and pressed a button that, apparently, opened up a sun roof that Anna hadn't noticed before. She sat there as he did this, half confused, half worried for her life. Mostly confused. \"Hang on tight.\" Veck said gruffly, as he gripped the steering wheel in one hand and the ball in the other. Anna grabbed the handle of the car for support, and bit her lip as she finally saw a police car speed toward them. In one swift move, Veck chucked the ball out the sun roof, and slammed on the gas. Anna screamed as the van slammed forward, broke through the wooden fence, entered the forest, and stopped abruptly, slamming them back against their seats. \"What... The... HELL?!\" Anna said between deep, gasping breaths. She looked up and saw that they were definitely in the forest. Dark silhouettes of tall trees loomed over the car, which was slightly tilted. \"Wait for it...\" Veck said, breathing equally as heavy as Anna, who didn't even have time to be confused as his vague, as usual, response, because of what happened next. BOOOOM! The furious explosion followed by a burst of bright light caused Anna to whip her head around, just in time to see the two police cars throws violently into the air, then crash to the ground, destroyed. \"You... BOMBED POLICEMEN?!\" Anna screeched, whipping back around, her face painted with insane disbelief. \"It was that or jail.\" Veck replied calmly. She noticed that he hadn't even aknowledged the explosion, but simply had sat quietly in his seat the whole time. \"Oh, really? Well then what hell do we do now!?\" Anna cried, momentarily forgetting that she was screaming at an armed criminal. Veck smirked at her, and she frowned, confused. \"Now we hike.\" COOL GUYS DON'T LOOK AT EXPLOSIONS! Hahaha, that had to be said. Anyway, this is the second to last chapter! One more to go, then I start writing book 2! I'm aiming for the first few chapters of (to be named...?) to be out by late August, so expect that, my lovely readers. R&R;, and thanks! OH! Bytheway, if anyone would like to make me a banner, that would be appreciated. :D[Chapter 9] Okay. everyone inhale, hold it, and please read these few short notes. 1. I am sorry. Really really sorry for keeping everyone waiting. I got very busy (cliche, I know, but true!) and seem to have lost interest in the characters. 2. BUT! before you flip out, let me just reassure you guys that, yes, i am continuing this story. (alright, you can exhale now! :D ) This chapter is the last in this book, and then i will go on to part dos! Yes, you read correctly; i am continuing. Alot. 3. And there willl be lemon! not in this book, but the next, oh yes. (its okay to scream, veck-lovers.) Now then. I think this authors note has rambled on for long enough, dont you? So at last, may I present to you lovely adoring readers, who have waited so patiently (maybe) through out my inactivity... The next (and final) chapter to (part one!) my story, Beautiful Danger. Enjoy. Fuck trees. Fuck roots, fuck dirt, and fuck leaves. Fuck nature all together. And most of all, Anna thought furiously as she trudged along a few yards behind him, fuck Veck. Anna was in the middle of some forest in god-knows-where, cold, scantily clad (how smart was she?), terrified, with absolutely no options except to follow a creeping freaking serial killer criminal man with nothing but a flashlight and a dizzying array of weapons. A man who, as she had tried (and failed) not to think about on this adventure, had just hours ago KISSED HER. Anna wanted to scream at him. Demand answers or complain. Or both. Where are we going? Are we ever gonna stop? I'm freezing. I'm hungry. Are you going to kill me? Rape me? Let me go? Why don't you speak much? Oh yeah, and WHY THE HELL DID YOU KISS ME!? But she didn't. For the obvious reason of being shot/bombed/stabbed to death. After what seemed like hours of unbearable, awkward, silent walking, when she thought her bare ankles were surely bleeding, when she was so freezing and hungry that she was suprised she was still alive, Anna saw a light at the end of the tunnel. Er... trail thing. And it came in the form of what looked, at first, like an vast, empty parking lot scattered in places with impossibly tall, towering street lights, surrounded by a thick, tall barbed wire fence. Fun, Anna thought, as she followed Veck up a small hill to the fence. As they climbed the hill, Anna thought for seemingly the first time about her family. Where were they? Were they okay? Were they worried? Angry? Would she even- Anna stopped that thought from fully forming in her mind. Because if it did, she would lose her cool. Start tearing up. Start cussing, screaming. It pissed her off, and that pissed Veck off. And that, would most likely result in her death. So, for now, Anna had to stick it out, she resolved as they neared the top of the hill, which was now pretty much clear of all trees, roots and dirt. Oddly enough, grass had taken their place. By the time Anna caught up to Veck at the intimidating-looking fence, he had already sliced a large slit in the metal, large enough for both of them to fit through, and was snapping closed a viciously sharp knife. Something to the right caught Anna's eye as Veck stepped cautiously through the hole in the fence. It was a worn metal sign, just barely hanging on to the rusty fence. Private grounds. Trespassers will be shot. Anna inhaled, her eyes widening at the crystal clear threat. She looked up at Veck, who was now waiting impatiently on the concrete ground that stretched forever beyond the fence, her tired eyes weakly pleading with his intense-as-ever, dark, waiting ones. But she could only look at him for so long without feeling some sort of twisted flutter in her stomach. So she looked away, back at the grass, and sighed shakily, full of resignition and regret. Squeezing her eyelids shut, Anna stepped just as cautiously through the space, the angry twists of metal just barely scraping her cool skin. Feeling one sandal touch the concrete, she exhaled and brought the other one over to join it. Okay, she thought. You're okay. Anna smiled, ever so slightly, and dared to look at Veck. But her eyes landed instead on his back, as he had turned around to face something Anna hadn't even noticed before. Her smile faded when her eyes landed on a giant airplane. So this was her fate? It couldn't be. She couldn't get on this. They wouldn't make her, would they? He wouldn't. Through her blurred eyes she faintly saw Veck turn to look at her, before walking toward the craft, as if commanding her to follow. All she could do was sniffle once, looked straight starless sky, and reverse her tears as she stepped forward. She would get out of this, and she would see her family again. If it was the last thing she ever did. IMPORTANT! Sequel up now, but it IS rated M! So, you have to look in rated M entries to be able to see it! :) ","Summary":" DISCLAIMER: It goes without saying that I own nothing. \"Attention shoppers, please make your way t"},{"Movie":"Poseidon","Title":"Athean","Author":"Riley G","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4195605","Passage":"[Chapter 1] And so it was, the horrors of a vacation gone under, with thenterrors tainted in their innocent minds, blinded by death andnscreams. For their hopes had been destroyed so soon in the events,nwhile through the endeavor they learned fending for one's selfncould be the cause of a major death. Yet in the process it could bensticking together blossoms a survival, only to depend on one person'snbravery to risk his or her life. A father gone, leaving a tormentedndaughter distraught in the realization of never seeing the man again.nIf she had not protested with Christian's quick choice of fate tonundertake the dare of stopping the propeller, her father would notnhave gone off to do so while the boy cooed the frightened dear.nNothing from the past mattered any longer, for it had been so, thenfuture could do nothing to change what had happened. The fewnsurvivors— Dylan Johns: oh, without him every single one of themnwould have perished. He had truly been the leader, and if it not fornhim, the woman thought back and realized she would have been deadnlong before the disaster became worse; Maggie James, with hernprecious son, Conor, both tenacious and brave in what way such anyoung child had lived along with a few other adults, with her mothernwho never let her hope die; Richard Nelson, so elderly and fragile,nyet able to pull through with the tasks of escaping; her dear fiancé,nChristian only for he she truly attempted to live. He was strong innwhat way he kept her alive; and Jennifer Ramsey herself. Delicate innprofiles, yet a disposition of a Queen: Brave, strong, loyal, andnbuoyant—only few of those to live from the tsunami. Others hadnindeed, yet the entourage had no idea. It was only a few months while the next proposal came to be: tonproceed once more onto the haunting decks of a ship, embarking on ansimple but dangerous quest once more to diminish the omnipresentnfears that stained their hearts. Because of these phobias, thenminiscule idea traveled from young Christian's head and emergednfrom his mouth no more than a few days after being rescued. Thensurviving five—without Nelson, who made his own way—had decidednto reside together, to keep the peace and comfort one another untilnthe feelings passed into nothing but memories; when they could nonlonger feel the cold water on their skin every day; when they couldnno longer shed any more tears for those lost, and the bodies of thosenlost that they held. There was little time they spent alone. It was anquiet day when Christian thought it up and spoke it freely out to thenothers. The plan was elaborate for the minds of those simplified bynthe past events, but in reality it was very mediocre. Jennifer recalled that his exact words were, \"There's only onenway to get rid of our fears of boats and oceans now. We go on anotherncruise.\" The blank and apprehensive stares alike were all avertedntoward him in undivided attention. \"There's one coming up innApril—it's perfect. We go on a boat, nothing happens, our fearsnare lifted.\" It was bold and strange, but Dylan had to admire thenbravery of even bringing up the suggestion. Agreeing with thenexecution of the plan, he amended his ways and decided to join thenman. It took Maggie a little while longer, having to make the choicenfor both her and her son. Conor, still small and naïve couldn'tnsee why they would try to take the chance again, or that tsunamisnhappened very seldom. Weak and willing to do anything to cure theirn\"disease,\" (of which Dylan had named \"irrational fears\" afterna while of being irritated with Maggie's whining and griping aboutnthe proposal to begin with) she also joined the group going on thentrip. The hardest to persuade: Jennifer. Though she saw the point ofnview coming from her fiancé, she had lost the greatest dealnand amount a young woman should never encounter. The loss of anmentor—whether or not he had been as patronizing as she said;nperhaps it was because she was his only child left, and that had tonbe worth something—, a guide, and a father would forever plaguenher. She wasn't convinced that Chris's idea was the only way ton\"cure\" the severity of her \"disease.\" Four months' time was a long while, though, and eventually, thentrip was booked. There was an extra ticket for Jennifer, of which shenaccepted once she realized that she would be home by herself whilenthe rest of them were on the boat. If something is to happen, she figured, I don't want to be the one not there while the restnof them suffer. And I can't stand to be alone anymore. \"Chris,nI'm coming,\" she announced softly to him a week before theirndeparture. And a tense departure it was. The gentle Ramsey never thought thatnher hands could be so clammy, her throat so closed and dry, body sonviolently trembling. \"Chris, I'm scared,\" she whisperednraggedly to him, looking up with her chocolate eyes to his pale bluenones. Her body was pressed firmly against his side, holding onntightly to his arm. Christian felt himself stiffen and his rubbed hisnlegs together. Purposely, he cupped his hand around her side. \"I know, Jen. I know.\" His stomach churned. \"But we'll benall right. Don't worry, okay? I'm here.\" \"We're all here,\" interjected Dylan, coming to the side of thenyoung ones. \"For each other. Come on. They're boarding.\" Hisngaze evasive of the ocean surrounding him, he decided to fix his eyesnon Maggie. That slender, figured woman a little larger than Jennifer.nShe clutched Conor tightly to her breast, the boy's face buried innher shoulder. And then they boarded Athean .[Chapter 2] \"Relax, Jennifer. Nothing is going to happen.\" He was surprised at his sudden tranquility. Standing, he grasped her by the shoulders and lightly shook her. \"Stop.\" Having been pacing, Jennifer caught her breath and stared up at him without any words. \"Jen, I know you're uptight about this. But it's good—it will help you get over your fears. All of our fears. Your father would be proud of you. He always knew you were strong. That's why you made it off in the first place.\" He bestowed a kiss on her forehead and she put her head on his chest. He folded his strong, secure arms around her tightly, holding her close to ensure that nothing would happen to her. \"I know, what I'm saying isn't right. It probably never will be. We're trying as hard as we can. I am, at least. For you.\" He knew no words of wisdom would ever erase the pain she'd eternally feel from the loss of her loved one, but his endeavors would be forever pursuing. Refusing to cry, Jennifer held her breath for a long time—most of the time she was held onto by Christian—until she realized that no oxygen was coming to her lungs, and she let the air out in one large breath before regulating her breathing again. \"This is a new ship, new times, new water,\" he went on, bringing her face into his palms. \"It's all going to be different now. Trust me.\" Maybe, Chris. Maybe not. \"I'm…going to go get ready for tonight,\" she mumbled with a dismissive air. Wrenching herself from Christian's hands, she put a hand on his chest as a wordless gesture to stay when his arms chased after her, for precautions, she figured. As he allowed her, she took a meek step backward, and the made for the staircase. She cantered up them and went into the bedroom and closed the door behind her all in one fluid movement. Upon entering one thing stared her straight back in the face and nearly toppled her over: her reflection. The tall, full length mirror that conveyed only what she had to offer, just as good or as ugly as it was and could be. A spitting image of her father. She crumpled downward, keeping herself on her toes but resting her backside on her heels, at first ashamed and averting her eyes down to the floor before having the bravery to come face to face with the thing she knew she could not change. She examined herself. Carefully. Especially when she stood. Lovely auburn curls cascaded down her shoulders, shaping her face as a few ringlets hung in front of her eyes before she pushed them aside. Jennifer possessed fair facial attributes: a pair of chocolate eyes, rosy cheeks, and soft pink lips. Her shoulders were broad but tiny, an average figure and seemly legs and bottom. \"Oh, God, Dad…\" she cried, her eyes welling with the water she knew tasted exactly like what she was floating atop of, and it made her sick to her stomach. It wasn't something she needed to work herself up over. Quietly, swiftly, she removed her blouse, skirt, and stockings, once again giving the occasional glance in the mirror to see if something, somehow, had changed in the few moments that had passed. Ridiculous, she knew, to do such a thing, but a part of her wished something could change so instantaneously. Whether for good or for bad, she needed something to change. Her stomach cramped at the thought of being something different, and her heart fluttered at the contrary thought. She decided to remain the same if she could do anything about it, unless something came up that she could not control. She took her father for example: a great change, thought something she was powerless against. That sort of change, she knew she could not bear again. How long had she been in there? Ten minutes, she declared to herself, more than half of that time spent clad only in undergarments staring in the glass. It was unbearable to continue. She dressed. On the other hand, and only a door down from the other couple's suite, the James woman and her delicate son laid strewn about the cabin floor, playing a sort of game that involved a deck of cards and four marbles: something Conor had invented in spur of the moment to keep himself from dying of boredom. His mother had evidently been under a great deal of stress and uneasiness, that he could easily detect, and he wanted to show her someway to get her mind off of the horrid things that had happened to them; that they could have fun again, although he knew in his heart that the memories would never leave either of them. Genius, he sought the idea of something else to entertain them, for his mother seemed to be drifting off in her daydreams again—it was either that, or he was so lacking of amusement that she was falling asleep. \"If you don't want to play anymore, Mom, just say so.\" At this comment, he saw her pick her head up and glance at him, seeing that he'd laid down the Ace of Spades and a blue marble. She murmured something under her breath along the lines of, \"You beat me,\" and then gave a weak, faked smile. \"Mom,\" he said in monotone, cleaning up their game, \"you're terrible at that.\" It was then that she sighed and actually woke herself up, combing her slender fingers through her unruly strands of dark hair. \"Sorry, sweetheart. I guess I let my mind wander. Do you want to play something else?\" \"No.\" It was useless. Conor could see that nothing was going to take her mind off of the past events that he wanted her to just let go of. Otherwise, this trip would be no fun—and he knew as a young boy that he wanted to have his fun. \"Maybe you should take a nap, Mommy. That way we can be rested for tonight's party!\" He said this with enlarged enthusiasm, to possibly bring up their spirits and her willingness to go on. It was a blur what Maggie thought of him, though he was almost desperate to know. Perhaps that could solve some of their misunderstandings. Of course they were all— all of them—frightened and wary, but they also were all aware that the rogue wave was something that occurred maybe once if not at all in a lifetime. That was that—they were through with their horrors. \"Thank you, Conor. I think I will.\" Dylan was having the worst goddam time getting his tie on. He hated the stupid things, especially when it came to flipping one side over the other. Why couldn't the inventor make something that was easy to put on one's self? He grunted and sighed in frustration, asking himself the same question over and over until he gave up and resorting to letting the two ends hang down in front of his shoulders, saying that he'd come back to it later when his fingers weren't aching. The boat wasn't the thing that scared him , he would admit that much. But there were some things that did give him a little jolt once in a while. Like Maggie. Just locking his eyes on her for more than a minute and a half gave him a cramp in his groin. And Jennifer—how lucky that lad Christian was. And the occasional happenstance that he'd see a beautiful girl once or twice jogging past him as he went on his morning runs. Other than that, he kept his alarm at relative bay, showing no fear for the ocean or whatever it could spew out at him. He was the most knowledgeable—and he knew it—on meteorology and what could possibly occur or not while out on a boat, and he knew for certain that they would be perfectly safe; unharmed by another rogue wave. It was just completely out the question, and rather ridiculous, in his mind, for the others to be panicking so. He wasn't so sure about going to the party tonight. It was the opening of the ship, but would it bring back memories? He feared so, and it was very plausible. He wondered if he should stay in the comfort of his suite, alone, sitting on the couch with a bottle of cold beer in his right hand and the remote control in the other, while gazing off into the midnight blue sky, watching the rolling waves lap against the sides of the cruise ocean liner. And what an ideal night that would be. But, oh, then, not to see Maggie, probably in a floor length dress that clung so tightly to her shapely body while Conor hid timidly behind her skirt, holding onto her soft, tender hand. His heart skipped a beat, and he decided to get back to his tie. Dressed in a white shirt, black slacks, and a black tailed suit for good measure, he couldn't understand why the only thing that was so difficult was the smallest of accessories for men: that blasted cloth bound around his neck. He couldn't take it anymore when he finally got it and pulled it up to his collar. \"There,\" he sighed in satisfaction and relief, dropping his hands to his sides. \"Maggie, here I come.\" The Party What a night it was to be! And only with Chris. How Jennifer found herself anticipating the timely hour to arrive. Quickly, she gave a last check in the bedroom, skimming her hands over her belly, dressed in no more than jeans, a royal blue sweater that, so consequentially, was cut off of her shoulders, and flat shoes. He hoped Chris was impressed. She met up with her polo-attired fiancé at the front of the room, and the couple swiveled eagerly downstairs. Together they decided to dine elegantly upstairs with the waiters and glasses of champagne for the grand opening, and then head back down to the dance floor where they hoped to have a much better time than last they stepped foot in one of those. Holding onto his hand, she capered with his fingers with her own. Chris was observant enough to notice her flushed cheeks. \"Are you feeling all right, Jen?\" he inquired. \"You look pale.\" She assured him that she was; that it was just the nerves of being on a boat again, and that his reassurance before had helped her calm down, and this was just the aftermath of the panics. And not all of it was a lie. It was only seven in the evening. They had a lot of time to have their fun.[Chapter 3] Thisnwasn't going to be the same, no matter what Chris told her. There wasnno father to tell her to fold up one more button on her blouse. Therenwas no father to make sure she was all right when she was sweaty fromndancing. There was no father to patronize her, despite how shencomplained about it frequently. There was just her, and Chris. Asnshe'd wanted it in the beginning, but only now did she realize hownwrong she'd been. Theynwalked down the stairs to the disco, ignoring her protests to staynupstairs. Going down here would just bring back memories. But Chrisnhad bombarded her with some convincing words, like could she, please,njust do this for him? and would she try to have a good time? and henwould be right by her side; and promise if you're feeling unwell tontell him so he could bring her upstairs? Even as she abided to thesenrequests, she wasn't sure she was really ready for this yet. Christiannhad a supportive hand on the small of Jennifer's back, leading herndown the stairs to the disco. It wasn't a gesture so much as to holdnher back as it was just there to tell her that he would back her upnon whatever decision she made, or whatever emotions she was feeling.nHe, too, was overwhelmed by his situation, but he refused to let itnoutwardly show. Jennifer needed him throughout this entire trip; henwasn't about to fall apart. For her sake. Anvery hasty, \"Oh, I'm sorry,\" (or at least that's whatnJennifer thought she heard) was given as she felt a harsh bump to hernshoulder. About to turn and return a quick consolation, she wasnstopped, meeting eyes with a woman who looked only maybe a few yearsnolder than her. The woman smiled. \"Gosh,nI apologize for staring,\" she said with a bashful chuckle,nshaking her head. \"It's just...you're Jennifer, aren't you?nJennifer Ramsey, the survivor of the Poseidon.\" Takennaback, Jen clung to Chris's hand. Her fiancé quickly took notice tonthe woman. \"Yes,\" she answered primly. She liked thenwoman's British accent. \"Andnyour fiancé, I assume? Nice to meet you.\" They exchangednhandshakes. \"Sorry about all of this. I saw you on the news innLondon a few months ago--horrible accident, that was. Glad you're allnright, though.\" Chrisnchimed in. \"Thank you.\" \"Ready,nlove?\" Another British inflection interrupted Jennifer's trancenas a man with dark hair and an arm supporting a young child, maybenonly a year old. She smiled at the baby, who smiled back, hiding hernface coyly in her father's shoulder. Noticing that his wife hadncompany, the Brit turned to the engaged couple. \"Ello. Who mightnyou be?\" \"Kent,\"nshe addressed her husband, \"this is Christian and Jennifer. Theynwere on the Poseidon last year. Remember, we heard about it on ournholiday to London?\" Comingnto his own realization, Kent sent his chin upward, shaking hands withnChris and Jen. \"Oh, yeah. Bloody hell, must've been quite anscare.\" Swallowingnthe lump in her throat, Jennifer nodded curtly. Again,nas if she was still flustered for coming up to them so bluntly,nKent's wife shook her head, a blush stretching to her ears. \"Looknat me. Forgetting my manners. I'm Jane, this is Kent, my husband. Thenshy little one is Liadan.\" She nipped the baby's chin with twonfingers. \"But we call her Danny.\" Chrisngrinned, staring at the little girl's cinnamon curls. He waved at hernand saw her try to tug back a grin. He chuckled, grabbing Jen'snattention. \"Wondering--andnI'm just having a thought, here,\" Jane piped up once more, \"donyou think you could help us find our way to the dining hall? We seemnto have...\" \"...Lostnour way some time ago, trying to read the maps,\" Kent cut innwith a scoff. Usingnthis as an excuse to not go into the disco (the thought made Jennifernshiver; so many memories...), she nodded eagerly, already usheringnthe family up the stairs again. \"Yes,nof course. We'd be happy to.\" \"Jen?\"nChris called from behind her, trailing her steps closely. Givingnhim a look, she hurriedly planted a kiss on his lips. \"Maybenlater, okay?\" --- Thennap had definitely rejuvenated her, but she wasn't quite sure thisnwas the best idea. At least she was with Dylan, and Connor had letnher know that he was just as nervous as she was, despite his brightnand cheery disposition back in the suite. Maggie had a feeling no onenwas really comfortable with this trip--no one who had seen the horridnrealities of what could go wrong, anyway. No, she continuously had to remind herself. Thatnwill not happen again. It was an extremely rare occurrence. Nevernhappen again. Never again. Connor is safe, you're safe, that's angirl. Dylan's here, too. Just relax. Takingnin even, deep inhale-exhales, her eyes scanned the dining room. Thenthreesome was perched at the top of one of the staircases overlookingnthe scene. People eating, drinking, playing poker, the musicians onnthe stage. Why did it all look so familiar...? Thenhaunting thought was that the ship--Poseidon, the ship that her feetnhad once treaded upon; the ship that she had once struggled to escapenas it slowly sunk to its doom; the ship that her boy had barely madenit out of alive--was right beneath her, sunk to the depths,nforgotten, abandoned, a graveyard. Bodies, so many of them, stillnhere. Decaying. Rotting. Even Robert Ramsey, Jennifer's father. Shenshuddered, and her stomach turned. She felt Dylan's eyes immediatelynon her as she pitched over, a hand on her midsection. \"Maggie?\" \"Mommy?\" Shakingnher head, she stood upright once more, taking a deep breath, lettingnthe sudden rush of heat leave her face. She felt herself choke on hernbile for a minute before she swallowed, allowing herself tonrecollect. \"I'mnfine,\" she assured them with a sigh. Stillnholding her hand, Connor kept his eyes steadily on his mother. Dylannglanced back to the dining floor, seemingly distracted. He didn'tnlook like he was really thinking about anything. Like his brain wasnabsent; in a different place. Maybe he was doing that on purpose, sonhe wouldn't have to remember? Drawingna hand over her son's hair, Maggie gave a reassuring smile down tonhim. This night was about making Connor happy; making Connor forget.nHe'd live the rest of his life, remembering that torment, thatnhorror. She didn't want that for him.[Chapter 4] Itnwas a relatively calm night. The sky was clear, and the moon hadntaken the place of the sun hours ago. Stars sprinkled the blacknvelvet that stretched over them for infinity. Standing in the back ofnthe room, his jacket adorned with countless medals, the former Marinenbore his hat proudly, his hands folded behind him, as he observed hisncrew work in the front control room. His face was solemn, whichnusually meant that the night was going smoothly. At least, there wasnnothing to get excited about; nothing to ruffle his feathers.nNelson's eyes were trained on the large glass window stretchingnaround half of the room--or, rather, through it. The tranquility ofnthe ocean below set him at peace. The background noise of the rapid clicks of the keyboards his workers were using helped even out the mood.nNeedless to say, he was happy. Onenof the workers directly in front of him turned in his chair. \"Sir?nHave a look at this.\" Nelsonnchecked his watch. Whatever it was, it would have to wait. Nothingnwould mar tonight. \"Not now, Williams. I have to get to thendining floor.\" --- Fornonce, he didn't feel like gambling. His mind wasn't in the rightnway--he was overly cautious, paranoid, even, as much as he didn'tnwant to admit it. He had to be strong, for Maggie. It was all toonclear she was shaking in her skin as it was. Just standing--standingnin the middle of the dining floor, watching. Staring blankly. Doingnnothing. Waiting. Waiting, as if something unexpected was going tonhappen. Butneven in those circumstances--even when one could continue to be fullynbraced and ready for whatever they didn't anticipate would happen tonthem, but they knew something might; (on the offnchance) might happen--they were never prepared for what was actually coming.nDylan, the hero, was no exception. Even though he remained vigilantnand alert, he knew that if something came, he wouldn't be nearly asnready as he thought he'd been. Sonwhat was the use, then? Why not enjoy his time here? Why not bet hisnsavings on a game of poker? Why not throw his money away on a deck ofncards, a whiskey, and a cigarette? The more he thought about it, thenmore wonderful that began to sound. A smoke. Sounded very nice. Justnas he felt his muscles relaxing: his shoulders dropped, spine stoppednaching, and his thighs released, he realized he shouldn't have putnhis guard down. Something about being so nonchalant and free aboutnthe night didn't settle well with him. He felt like he had to be tense--otherwise, who else would be there to watch in casensomething did... Henhad to stop thinking like that. It was only going to drive himninsane. Shaking his head, blinking his eyes feverishly, as if thatnwas going to reset his brain, he gave himself something to do;nsomething to concentrate on, so he didn't have to think about beingnnervous. Dylan set off to find Maggie and Connor. Takingnin a ragged breath, he kept his hands firmly at his sides. Maybe thisnwas a bad idea, coming on this ship. No,nDylan, quit it. Where's Mag and Connor? Thought I saw them thisnway... Makingna sharp turn and releasing the air he only now realized he'd beennholding (actually, that was what was causing the knot in his chest),nhe was able to put on a mannequin smile for the two people he'd beennlooking for. \"Havingntoo much fun without me, I see,\" he remarked, coming up behindnConnor and ruffling the boy's hair. To his pleasure, Maggie smiled upnat him, too. The boy giggled. \"You guys up for something to eat?nI'm starved.\" In actuality, he was bored, and looking fornsomething to distract him. Eating would suffice, right? ButnConnor shook his head, to Dylan's dismay. \"Mom said I could gonup on the balcony up there to watch everybody when they cut thenribbon.\" His minute finger pointed to the big, red ribbon acrossnthe stage that the captain was going to cut at the \"unveiling\"nof the ship. It was one of the reasons Dylan wanted to get a drink.nSure, it was the grand opening, but did it have to be such a bignspectacle? Still,nhe didn't want to put a damper on the boy's excitement. Offering angrin, he jutted his chin out gently. \"Okay, buddy. You shouldnhead up there now. Looks like they're going to start soon,\" henadded with a glance to the side, watching a man in a Marines hat andnjacket go up on the stage, the Captain. \"And it's almostnmidnight.\" Withna smile that frequently melted Dylan's heart, Connor scampered off tonthe staircases. Maggientried to tug back the grin pulling at the corners of her mouth. \"Surenyou're okay?\" \"Hey,ndon't worry about me,\" he murmured casually, tossing his hand,nsmirking. Givingnhim the once-over, Maggie nodded, as if accepting his evasive answer.nIdly, her hand reached for his, and she played with his fingers. Shenmurmured, \"Okay, Superman.\" Itnwas the spinning red light above their heads and sickening siren thatnmade his stomach flip. --- Theynclimbed the last step to get up to the right level. Chris still had anfast hold on Jennifer's hand, and had no intention of letting go. Innfact, they both looked like they could be sent into a spiral at anyngiven point in time. They were both trying to support each other withntheir own \"toughness,\" but in that, they both knew thatnthey were weaker than they'd ever been before. Each of them had theirnown worries, however ridiculous they may have seemed. Chris admirednhow calm she appeared, how strong she remained. Jennifer could getnthrough so much he couldn't; he knew he couldn't. And even as shenportrayed her strength, he knew she had a heart of gold. Gentle,nkind, caring. He couldn't help but think that she'd make a wonderfulnmother some day. Thenthought made him smile. You'llnmake one fine mother, sweet Jennifer, he thought to himself. Asnif she heard his mind, her face turned to him and returned the grinnon his face. As if it put her at ease, she leaned in to share a kissnwith him. \"Come on, PG please?\" she teased him, keeping hernface close enough for their noses to touch. \"There's a baby innthe vicinity.\" \"Allnright, nothing too raunchy,\" he abided with a scoff. \"But Inget to kiss my fiancée, don't I?\" He loved hearing hernlaugh--so warm, soothing, musical. His face suddenly took a seriousnturn, expression level. \"Hey Jen, speaking of babies...\" \"Hmm?\"nShe matched his volume, keeping their voices low while the Britishncouple to the side of them filed into the dining hall after thankingnthem. \"What about them?\" Wasnthis the best time to discuss this kind of thing? This was a topicnmost couples had trouble with--one of the two: marriage, and babies. Lickingnhis lips, Chris laid his hands on her waist, feeling her hands on hisnarms. \"What's up, Christian?\" she encouraged gently,npressing their lips together softly, only for a moment, as if tonprompt him; as if to make sure he was comfortable with telling hernthis. Chris knew he could confide in her. \"Well,\"nhe began steadily, \"I was just wondering...what younthink...well, what you think about. Having children.\" Hendidn't like the silence that came between them just then, but he didnkind of expect her to be thinking about her answer. At least that wasna good sign...right? Hopefully. Interrupting his own thoughts, henwaited for her to respond. Respond in any way. An expression, anmovement, a phrase. Thennthat unmistakable smile came over Jen's beautiful face. \"Dannynkind of reminded you, huh?\" \"Comenon, Jen. I...you know I want to be a dad.\" Shenlaughed a little to herself, bowing her head. But it was a happy,nshort little outburst. Like she was taken by surprise, maybe? \"I'dnlove to. You know that, too.\" It'dnbeen a long time since Christian had seen her smile like that. Wait--hadnshe said she wanted to? Well, that had been easy. Nothing was turnedninto a banter with Jennifer when it came to things between them, mostnof the time. And this...it wasn't made into a petty argument or playnwith each other's emotions. In the end, they both wanted each othernto be happy. He tried not to laugh at himself. God, he loved her sonmuch. Bringingnher up in his arms, he brought his wife-to-be (Jesus, he loved sayingnthat, but he wanted to be married to her already) into a passionatenkiss, never letting go. Untilnhe heard the siren. Theynlooked at each other, both of their faces fallen. He saw the purenfear in Jennifer's eyes. The knowing. The expectancy. Their headsnsnapped to the window directly to their left, and they saw the horrornof the recurrence. Henheard Jennifer breathe out the word. \"No.\" ","Summary":" And so it was, the horrors of a vacation gone under, with thenterrors tainted in their innocent min"},{"Movie":"Poseidon","Title":"Pontus of the Deep Sea","Author":"Jade Ocean","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3131829","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Pontus Alyssa Bloom blinked her eyes open and yawned, leisurely stretching out her long limbs and sitting upright on her large queen-sized bed. She massaged her temple and gingerly rubbed her eyelids. Suddenly, her arms dropped to her side and her eyes shot wide open. Alyssa spun hastily around trying to focus on her bright blue alarm clock. It read: 7:45 p.m. She smacked a slender hand to her forehead, groaning. \"Where are those two brothers of mine?\" she muttered, rising out of bed and hurriedly looking for her hairbrush. She spotted it lying on her vanity table and hastened to it. Having picked it up, she brushed her shoulder-length black hair and pulled it neatly up into an attractive ponytail. Side bangs completed the look. Alyssa took a seat on her comfy chair and did her makeup in front of the face mirror. Pink lip-gloss, black mascara, black eyeliner, light blue eye shadow, and a small spritz of perfume completed the look. She looked down and scrutinized her appearance. She slid out of her t-shirt and baggy beige capris and replaced them with a knee-length jean skirt and a blue halter top. She also put on her favorite long diamond earrings, two silver rings with rubies on each hand, matching blue layered necklaces, and her silver watch. Alyssa checked herself over again in front of her full-length mirror. \"Not bad,\" she thought to herself, admiring her jewelry. She slipped into silver sandals and heard them click as she walked down the stairs to the main floor of their room. \"Being on a cruise ship sometimes makes me sick,\" she complained to herself, after having been swept to the right and then to the left as the ship kept moving. \"Alyssa!! You finally awake…we was waiting for you for a whole hour!!\" seven-year-old Evan exclaimed as he saw his older sister emerge from behind the staircase. Alyssa smiled at her brother. \"Yeah, I'm awake. Sorry for making you wait, little bro.\" \"Well, since Lys is up, can we go to the big New Year's Party for kids upstairs now? I'm tired of staying in here….it's sooooo boring,\" ten-year-old Lucas grumbled, his short arms crossed over his chest. Alyssa ruffled her two brother's brown hair and chuckled. \"Sure, let's go. You guys look dressy enough for a party. Well, it IS just a kid's party. Ok, come on; let's head for the party.\" With that, Lucas jumped up from his comfortable seat on the leather couch and practically raced to the elevator. He pressed the \"up\" button and waited impatiently for the door to open. Two minutes later, the elevator doors opened. He walked in and waited for his brother and sister to get in. When they did, he pressed the \"8\" button and clapped his hands excitedly. \"There's gonna be so much food, Evan!! And there'll be video games, dancing, paintball wars, EVERYTHING!! I can't wait!!\" At last, the elevator reached its destination. As soon as the doors opened to let them out, Lucas, followed by Evan, shot through like a rocket in search for the big party that was held on that floor. They were greeted by loud music blaring from speakers, big bright balloons, and confetti. Alyssa giggled at the happy expression on her brother's face. Then her smile faltered. \"If only Daddy and Mama could be here…then this would be the best New Year's,\" she reflected, twisting the silver ring on her third left finger absent-mindedly. She broke out of her trance when she felt someone tugging her jean skirt. She looked down to meet the adorable bright sea-green eyes of her youngest brother. She was still amazed at how much the Bloom kids resembled each other. They each had wavy black hair, slender noses, pink lips, and sea-green eyes. Not wanting to ignore her brother, she smiled at Evan and asked, \"What do you want?\" Evan shrugged his thin shoulders and said, \"I wanna go to the big people's party. Can't we just leave Lucas? He's big boy now.\" He sent her a mischievous grin. \"Nice try, honey, but we have to stick together. This ship is bigger than any other ship we've ever been on so I have to keep an eye on both of you or something bad might happen when I'm not looking,\" Alyssa explained, taking hold of Evan's hand as they made their way around. \"Please, Lys? Can we go upstairs?\" Evan pleaded, his lower lip trembling. Alyssa sighed and nodded. \"Okay, but first let's find Lucas. If we have to drag him to the \"big people's party on the next level,\" so be it,\" she smirked. Evan laughed. \"Okay,\" he agreed. Aaron Karalis moaned softly. Was this day gonna get any worse? He was the son of one of the richest men in all of Greece, which meant he had to be an example of a perfect son, or his father would disown him, and then of course, he already inherited his father's business because his father retired, which made him into a workaholic, and after that, he was forced to go on this dreaded cruise ship because of the reason that he was a workaholic, and now this. He had to go to the New Year's Party on the 9th floor, just because the Mayor invited him. He didn't want to go. He wanted to stay in his suite and watch TV or work on some computer files that needed to be done before the cruise was over. But no , Father forced him to go on this trip. What did he say again to persuade him? Oh, yes, \"You work too hard. Ever since you inherited my business, all you do is work. Why don't you take a break?\" Aaron sighed. \"Sometimes I wish I was poor,\" he thought grimly to himself. Then he sighed again. \"I'd better make myself presentable before I head down to the party to meet the Mayor, oh…and his daughter\" …with that, he moaned again, only this time, it was a loud mournful sound…[Chapter 2] Pontus Part Two Alyssa shot daggers at her younger brother after having watched a slimy trail of bright orange juice slide down her blue top. She had come up from behind Lucas as he was taking a thirsty gulp of his drink. She calmly placed a hand on his shoulder and he freaked out, spilling his drink everywhere, including his sister's shirt. Lucas innocently smiled back at her. \"It was an accident , Lys. Besides, you were the one who snuck up from behind me,\" he protested, hiding a big grin behind his cup as he took another small sip of a new cup of freshly squeezed orange juice. Alyssa scowled angrily at him. \"Well, thanks to you, my shirt is now ruined. I have to run upstairs and change. You two better behave while I'm gone. Don't wander out of this room, understand?\" Lucas nodded, shooting a sly glance at his brother. Evan followed Lucas' example and nodded his head. As soon as Alyssa disappeared from view, Lucas whirled around to face his brother. \"Let's blow this pop stand, Evan. This kid party's getting' dull. Why don't we go to the teenager's party up on the next level?\" Instantly, Evan's eyes lit up. \"I was just askin' Alyssa if we could go to that party instead. This one's purty boring'.\" He looked around at all the three, four, five-year-olds running everywhere like crazy. Before he could say anything more, Lucas grabbed his left hand and dragged him to the stairs. \"Why are we goin' up the stairs, Lucas?\" he asked, puzzled. \"Because then Alyssa wouldn't be able to see us, silly,\" retorted Lucas, rolling his eyes. Evan giggled. \"You is sooooo smart, Lu. I'm glad you is my brother.\" They scampered as quickly as they could up the stairs to the next level where they were welcomed by even louder music blaring from gigantic speakers, longer tables of buffet foods, and many couples out dancing and having a good time on the dance floor. Evan took it all in, staring and admiring all the fancy lights that must have took a long time to set up. On the other hand, Lucas didn't care about scenery and headed straight for the buffet tables. Evan broke out of his stupor and realized his brother wasn't standing with him. \"Lu!! Lucas!! Where are youuuuu???\" he droned, his eyes searching for a familiar black-haired kid. After a few minutes of searching, he gave up and decided to go dancing. With a goofy grin on his face, he made his way to the dance floor to go show off his \"moves.\" \"That Lucas is way too much,\" Alyssa mumbled to herself as she changed into a black sparkly tube top with a pretty white half-sweater. She checked her make-up one last time before exiting her room and heading back to the party downstairs. She wasn't paying attention and barely made it to the elevator when she bumped into something, er, someone . She fell backwards with a small groan and landed roughly on her bum. She winced. However, she did look up to see a hand held out to her. She grasped the hand and pulled herself up.[Chapter 3] Pontus Part Three Hello how's everyone? Anyways, I got a review from a very nice person that asked me to explain who everyone is, so here's the list of people and who they are and what the \"hey\" (Sorry, I don't swear) they're doing in my story: Main Characters Alyssa Bloom – Her and her two brothers, Lucas (10) and Evan (7), have gone on a trip to the Bahamas for her best friend's wedding. (Her best friend is a few years older than she is.) So, this story is about the trip going back home. Home is in California where her parents currently are. They didn't go to the wedding due to work purposes, ya know what I mean! To tell you the truth, Alyssa and her brothers actually portray Maggie and Connor James ; you know the mom and kid on the movie \"Poseidon.\" So instead of a mom and her son, I made a teenage sister and two younger brothers do that part. Good! You're getting' it! Hmmm, yeah…anyways, moving on … Aaron Karalis - He's the cute handsome type of guy that would sweep you off your feet. sigh He's perfect… ahem Sorry 'bout that. Gettin' carried away…sweatdrop Ok, anyhow, he's kinda like Dylan Johns . The reason he's on this trip is because his father forced him to. If you read the first chapter again, you'd probably recall. You know, the really \"cool\" guy that helps everyone escape. (You probably already knew it but yes, Aaron and Alyssa are going to hook up in the end. I'm a sucker for romance stories. But let's not get ahead of ourselves, that's later in the story.) Why don't we move to the next person? Jeffrey Wiggins – Now, you must know who he is. He's the rich dude that bought the (I think) $5,000.00 bottle of wine. Richard Nelson is his name! Naw, I'm just teasin' ya. Well scratches head thoughtfully they are almost one and the same. Jeffrey is rich, too and he also has white hair, just like Nelson . LOL…I just changed the name, ya know. He's on the ship because of the fact that he's tired of working and wants a relaxing vacation. Boy, did he pick the wrong cruise ship to do that!!DUH But I do like the thought that someone as old as Jeffrey (who by the way, is fifty-one-years-old) can survive something as dangerous and extremely exciting, not to mention freaky (but to the point) and live to tell the story!!!! Robert Ramsey, Jennifer Ramsey, and Christian Jameson – Robert is the typical dad who loves his baby girl too much to part with her; Jennifer , the charming beautiful daughter who wants her protective father to learn how to let go of his baby girl; and Christian , well, he's just the \"boyfriend.\" (Jen's mother died when she was a little girl.) Anyhow, they decided to take a holiday together to try and unite the family since everyone knows; Jen and Chris are \"engaged.\" We'll simply see how this all works out now, won't we? We'll just have to wait and find out if Robert will actually let them go through with their wedding that will be held in London where Jen was born and raised and where she met Chris . Note: They are the only characters (besides Elena ) that are exactly the same people as in \"Poseidon.\" Elena Santiago – She is a fourteen-year-old girl that was sold by her papa who lives in Mexico with the rest of the family. Because they were so poor, they sold her to a Caucasian lady who works on a cruise ship, thus this cruise ship. The Caucasian lady is never mentioned in the story because she…well, actually, I don't even know why I never mentioned her. Hmm…that's weird. Whateva, anyways maybe later in the story, she will be mentioned, ok? Stay tuned!! Ok, that's the end of my explanation of the characters. I promise that if I add new people in my story, they will be posted on top in order for you to get to know them so that you won't be confused, ok? Thanks for dropping by!! Happy Reading!!! Elena swallowed the lump in her throat and slowly turned around. She almost let out a squeal of relief when she saw a little boy of about seven or eight staring at her intently with a blue lollipop in his mouth (His lips were blue, lol.) \"Uh, I'm not doing anything.\" She quickly changed the subject. \"Where are your parents, kid?\" she asked softly, trying not to frighten him.[Chapter 4] Pontus Part Four How's everyone this fine beautiful day? Good, I hope. Ok, well, here's the next chapter. I hope you like it and I'm terribly sorry that it took me such a looooooong time to update. I've just been really busy, but don't worry, I'm working on the next chapter already so it'll be posted soon, I hope …ok, enjoy! SUMMARY: This is a quick overview of the ship. Don't worry, I have been on a cruise ship before so I know what I'm doing… lol . It's literally making me go crazy, so I have to describe it to you so that you won't get confused later on. Anyways, I own the cruise ship because I didn't copy anybody else's cruise ship but my own (and I did make up so that's another reason; but I mean, I don't REALLY own a cruise ship bcuz they are like mundo expensive, lol, but moving on ) in this story so it will be designed MY way, ok? The cruise ship has ten floors, the first one on the bottom and the tenth on the top. (Actually, I think the way I made the floors is what sets my cruise ship apart from others.) Anyways, hopefully , it won't confuse you. The floors will be described and are as follows: Floor 1. This is just a floor with lots of economy-class citizens' cabins to sleep in. Below this floor is another floor although it's not counted as a floor because no one can go there except for the people who operate the ship. This place is where all the ship equipment and machinery are. Floor 2. There is nothing much to be said about this floor. It's just…a floor, I guess, with more rooms for people to bunk in. Floor 3. This is the third floor where there are mostly cabins for people but also a game/arcade room for kids. Whoopee! Fun! Floor 4. The fourth floor is just another floor where there are even more cabins for people. Although, one thing to mention about Floor 4 is that starting with it, there are decks on every floor starting from Floor 4 to Floor 9. (Floor 10 is all deck with a large swimming pool, YAY!!!…lol) One more thing to mention too, before I forget, is that this is where Jen, Chris, and Robert's cabins/rooms are located. And no, Jen and Chris don't share a room yet. Robert and Jen share a large cabin/room (because they're rich enough to have a really big cabin/room like the Bloom kids) and Chris' cabin/room is just a few doors down, so they can still see each other... after midnight…(snickers) I'm so cruel. NOT. I'm kidding about the after midnight…really, I am… Floor 5. This floor is where Alyssa, Lucas, and Evan's cabin/room is located. Since they are rich (lol) they have a really big cabin with an upstairs floor; thus the reason why Alyssa walked down the stairs (f you can call to mind the first chapter). Also located on this floor is the ever-so-handsome, be-still-my-heart gorgeous man named Aaron Karalis from Greece. He is several cabins/rooms away from Alyssa's. And that's the reason why she bumped into him before going in the elevator. His cabin/room is also very large, like the Blooms'. I personally say it's too big for just one person. Oh, the 5th floor is for the rich and famous people; and that's why Alyssa and Aaron are there. The 4th floor is for rich people, too. That's also why Robert, Jen, and Chris are there. (LOL) Floor 6. Nothin' on this floor but an adult night club, several small shopping stores, and lots and lotsa elevators. Floor 7. This is where Jeffrey Wiggins is having the meeting. This is also where, if you remember from chapter three, where Jeffrey met Elena and Evan. Elena and Evan have decided to go up to the top floor to look at the water. They had already searched the 5th floor for Alyssa but they couldn't find her so they decided to explore. They were walking along the 7th floor deck gazing out at the ocean when they saw Jeffrey taking a breath of fresh air. And they decided to talk to him. Although they are some cabins located on this floor, they're mostly for businessmen who are on this cruise by themselves. Floor 8. . This is the 8th floor. In the first chapter, they had a kid's New Year's Party on this floor. This is where Alyssa, Lucas, & Evan went to. Got it? Ok, let's go to the second to the last floor. Floor 9. This is the main floor. (DUH) This floor is where the Adult New Year's Eve Party was being held. This is where (if you recall) Jen, Chris, and Richard, are having a \"family\" dinner. And this is also the floor where the kitchens are located, where Evan ran off to find his brother, and where Lucas ate all the food from the buffet tables. (LOL) This floor is also where Elena was caught by Evan. They decided to go look for Alyssa. They met up with Jeffrey on the 7th floor. So, um…did I leave anything out? Floor 10 . This is where the café is found ( inside the first floor). Really good food! This floor is where breakfast is served every morning. On the outside of this floor is the deck where the big humongous swimming pool is found. There are numerous beach chairs and large tables are set up for people to relax and eat at. (Also located on this part of the ship is the captain's control room). Even more, this is also the place where one can go up to the second deck level, see the bow of the ship, and take breathtaking pics of the water. Below that second deck level is the place to play table tennis, basketball, or volleyball. How fun is that??? Ok, now that you have an explained detailed list of the ship, you are ready to continue on with the story. If you have any questions, please feel free to email me. I would kinda get confused myself so do what you like. Happy Reading!! Oh, and did I forget to mention? This scene takes place at night. So think of the beautiful moon and all those sparkling stars…because trust me; Alyssa, Lucas, Aaron, Evan, Jen, Robert, Elena, Jeffrey, Chris, and all those other people aboard the Pontus won't be thinking about the moon and stars in this chapter. \"No, ma'am. I'm sorry. We don't have a missing child that was reported. Are you sure he's even missing?\" Captain Jack Stone smiled sympathetically at Alyssa. ","Summary":" Pontus Alyssa Bloom blinked her eyes open and yawned, leisurely stretching out her long limbs and s"},{"Movie":"World's End","Title":"The skies I'm under","Author":"Diamond-04","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10517544","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Gary?\" Andy knocked on the door for the second time, and, once again, got no answer. He opened carefully, just in case Gary was still asleep, and peeked in. Empty. He stared at the tangled sheets before him, trying to figure out what exactly he was looking at. They had gotten to his apartment about a day before, after getting back from Newton Haven. Andy reckoned that he had never seen Gary as quiet as he had been in the car drive back home. It was so unlike him, Andy couldn't help but feel uneasy. It had been a long time since the last he had felt protective of Gary King, but damn him if that wasn't exactly how he felt then. So when they arrived to London, Andy didn't wait for Gary to give directions to his place; he simply stated that they were both going to his apartment, and gave his own address. Gary didn't argue. Well, he didn't even reply, actually, but he didn't have to; he wasn't going back to whichever hole he had crawled up from, not if Andy had a say in the matter. It was morning already when they arrived, but Andy still felt a bit drunk. After they showered, Gary sat on the kitchen table while Andy made them something to eat. He looked ridiculous on Andy's old clothes, three sizes too big for him, sitting static, staring into the wall and not saying a word. Neither of them ate much at all. Afterwards, they simply headed to bed. It was all kinds of strange seeing Gary walk into his kids' room, but he really didn't have any other beds other than his and wife's and his kids' beds, so they had to do. It must have been evening when he woke up, but Andy didn't really look at the time. The hangover he was experiencing was so fierce he could barely stand... or sit, or lie down, or be comfortable in any position, really. It was an awful but powerful reminder of why he hadn't had a drink in sixteen years. All he really wanted was to drink a thousand water bottles and go back to bed, but he didn't; he got up to go and check on his friend. Gary was quietly sitting on the couch, watching some telly. He didn't look as bad as before, he didn't even look as bad as Andy probably did. Granted, he was probably not as hangover as him, since he was much more used to drinking, but still it made Andy feel a bit more relaxed to see Gary looking a little better. He went to the kitchen, grabbed two huge glasses of water, sat besides Gary without a word and handed him one of the glasses. He seemed a bit confused at first, as if he didn't really know what to do with it or even why he had it in his hands. He just looked at Andy, muttering a quiet 'thanks' and took a couple of sips. After that he seemed to realize he was actually very thirsty and drank its entire contents in mere seconds. Andy did the same with his water, and they sat there in silence for a while, watching but not really watching whatever was going on on the TV for hours, until their eyes started dropping again. Andy didn't even realize he had fallen asleep until he felt the familiar warmth of sunshine on his face. He quickly took a look around the room for Gary but he was nowhere to be found. Maybe he had gotten up and went to sleep in a bed, like a normal person, Andy thought, so he went to check the bedroom. Now, as he stood there in his kids' empty bedroom, he couldn't help but wonder if Gary had left for good. Saying that Gary had had a rough night was a serious understatement. True, he had managed to get some sleep when they first arrived to Andy's but after all that had happened the night before, he had been simply exhausted. And besides, if he were to be perfectly honest, he was still a wee bit drunk. He had felt a bit like a zombie as they drove from Newton Haven back to London; his mind kept trying to process everything that had just happened, but it was hopeless, it was just too much. So he stared into the abyss, hoping that it had all been a bad dream. And then they finally got to Andy's apartment and they showered, and ate, and slept, and sobered up… And Gary began realizing just what the night before had meant, what had actually happened back there and how… and how it was all his fault. Two of his friends were dead, and it was all his fault. So as Andy slept on the couch, Gary could only sit there, awake, feeling something crawling under his skin, an itch he couldn't exactly locate but that he knew could only come from his head, reminding him what a failure he was and how, if all his previous mistakes weren't enough, he had now turned into his friends' executioner as well. And, soon enough, he felt a thirst. The thirst. So familiar by now, he had actually been waiting for it this time. He knew he had to do something about it, and soon too, but, for the longest time, he couldn't move. Not with Andy resting his head on his shoulder. Not because he was afraid he would wake up, he could just lie; say he was going to be bathroom, to bed, whatever. Andy would go back to sleep a second after. But because he couldn't remember the last time he felt like somebody would care if he weren't there. And, funnily enough, that person was Andy, of all people. Andy who Gary had hurt so much in the past, he had sworn never to speak with him again. And yet, there he was. Taking him to his place, feeding him, letting him sleep in his kids' room, lending him his shower, his clothes... bringing him water and lying on his shoulder. Gary could feel his heart race at the thought of letting him down again. Of course Gary knew what Andy had in mind, bringing him here. He was a mess, not an idiot -even though he'd play the part sometimes. Andy and Gary had had themselves a little talk the night before, and no matter how drunk he was, there was no way Gary could forget a single word that was said. Andy had realized Gary had a problem about two decades before Gary himself did, but Gary could still see the heartbreak in his eyes when he saw his wrists. And now there were both here, and soon enough Andy was going to tell Gary a bunch of stuff he already knew, stuff he had heard a thousand times before. Only this time it felt... different. It had been a while since he had actually let anyone down; it's difficult to, you know, when no one really cares. But he knew if he fucked up again, he was going to lose Andy, for good this time. He closed his eyes and clenched his teeth. He shouldn't have been feeling this doubtful; he had had a plan before that Friday night, and he should have been sticking to it. It wasn't that complicated even: find the guys, go to Newton Haven, finish the crawl, say goodbye and then… leave. For real this time. He was not going to mess it up again. But things didn't go quite as planned; for sure his plans didn't include aliens or robots or both or whatever the fuck they were. They didn't include Oliver and Pete dying either. Not really thinking about what he was doing or why, Gary looked down at his arms and lifted his sleeves; the bandages he hadn't bothered to change now just rags, the still red scars peeking underneath. He felt his stomach turn at the sight. Fuck. Fuck, fuck, fuck, why was he feeling this way now? He bit his lower lip. 'It isn't that hard, Gary.' he told himself. 'Find the guys, go to Newton Haven, finish the crawl, say goodbye and then do it, just do it, do it!' At that exact same moment it seemed Andy decided it was the perfect time to let out a single, monumentally loud snore. Gary jumped so high on his seat, Andy's head slid from his shoulder and, still asleep, he turned it to face the other side, leaving Gary completely free. He stared at Andy for a bit, and when he convinced himself he was still sleeping, he got up. He wasn't sure just what exactly he was planning to do next, but he decided he'd figure it out as he went.[Chapter 2] The noise of the flat door suddenly bursting open startled Andy to no end. He remained very quiet for a second, and simply listened. It took him no time to recognize the sound of the steps that followed. He wanted to feel relieved to have Gary back before he could even begin to worry about him, he really did, but he knew it was probably too much to ask. He was certain Gary had no business going outside anyway, and in the middle of the night of all times. Andy could undoubtedly put two and two together, and knowing Gary, he knew this could only spell trouble. So he let out a sigh, took a deep breath and headed outside the room to face his friend. \"Oh, hey mate!\" He was greeted so cheerfully by Gary, for a moment he forgot how down he had looked only hours earlier. But of course, if his instinct hadn't been enough to convince him of what was going on, the stench of alcohol certainly did. \"Where have you been, Gary? You were out all night.\" Gary snickered as he walked past Andy. \"What? I didn't realize we were married now, sorry.\" He turned to face Andy as he walked, raising his eyebrows and dedicating him a sarcastic 'apologetic' face, before turning back and heading for the bedroom. \"Gary, wherever do you think you are going? I'm talking to you.\" Andy put a hand on Gary's shoulder, which he swiftly slapped off. \"Hey! Lay off, man!\" But Andy didn't mind, he had managed to stop Gary from walking away from him, which was all he had intended, and had him now staring at him defiantly. \"I was out, all right?\" Gary shrugged and suddenly an innocent smile appeared on his face. He smiled as if he hadn't looked like he could murder Andy with his bare hands just a second before. \"You said so yourself, mate. I was just out, chill.\" Andy sighed before speaking again. \"Gary, don't do this.\" \"Do what?\" \"This. Pretending nothing is wrong. Pretending Friday night didn't happen. Pretending that you can just walk in here drunk out of your mind and everything will be all right.\" He could see Gary dramatically rolling his eyes at him, but he didn't stop. \"Pretending you don't know why I brought you here.\" He stopped himself for a second and shook his head. \"You do know why I brought you here, don't you Gary?\" There was a moment of silence where Andy could literally see the colour draining from Gary's face. A second after that expression of despair was gone and it was replaced by one of sheer anger. \"I don't! I don't know what you're talking about, and I don't know what you want for me, but what I do know is that I've been out all night, as you've kindly pointed out, so now I'm going to bed.\" He tried slithering off again, but Andy was quicker. He practically jumped between him and the bedroom door, so that when he tried to walk away, he just bumped into him. Andy didn't wait for him to react to what had just happened, he just crossed his arms, covered the door with his body the best he could, and continued talking. \"Well, in that case I'm gonna tell you: I brought you here to help you, Gary. Or to try to, at least.\" As he spoke Gary had decided that he probably wouldn't be able to get past Andy and, realizing they were most definitely going to have this talk and they were going to have it right now, he began walking up and down the room like a caged animal. \"I brought you here because I don't want to lose you again, all right?\" Gary wouldn't even look at him; he just kept pacing, muttering, swearing under his breath. \"I brought you here because I still care about you and I know that you are in pain, Gary. Let me help you, please.\" Suddenly, Gary stopped in his tracks and faced Andy again. \"Where are my clothes?\" \"What?\" Gary didn't reply, he just dashed to the next room, and the next, and the next, raiding them as he went, looking for the clothes that he had given Andy for washing. When he realized they were nowhere to be found, he asked Andy again. \"Where are they? I need them, I'm leaving.\" Andy, who had been following him close by, answered in the most relaxed voice he could manage. \"They are still damp on the line. And no, you are not going anywhere.\" \"Just watch me.\" Gary tried to get past Andy again, but he stepped in the way. \"You are going to have to get through me first, and I swear to God, Gary, I'm going to put up a fight this time.\" Once more, Gary looked terrified. Gary's choices were getting very slim, very fast. Obviously brute strength wasn't his forte, especially against Andy, so that wasn't really an option. Still, he wasn't going to give up without a fight either. He raised his hands in surrender and dedicated Andy what he hoped would look like an amused smile. \"Mate, you're… you're blowing this way out of proportion.\" Andy's expression didn't change one bit. \"Am I?\" He took one swift look at Gary's bandages, peaking under his sleeves. Fuck. Gary quickly lowered his hands, still trying to look unaffected, to maintain his façade. He tried to speak, but Andy wouldn't let him even begin. \"You owe me this conversation, Gary, you owe me from last time, remember? I do, clearly enough for the both of us. I was lying in a bed back then. And I begged of you, I begged of you Gary, to get help. I was ready to forgive you if you did. But you wouldn't listen.\" Gary literally flinched at Andy's words, but he didn't stop. \"And look what good that has done you. You show up sixteen years later, pretending everything's all right when underneath your clothes your wrists are slit in half. What am I supposed to do, Gary? Just let you walk out this door knowing…\" Suddenly he stopped himself, his breathing all that could be heard for a couple of seconds, and when he began talking again, his voice was but a whisper. \"Knowing that this is the last time I'll ever see you?\" Gary just stood there wordless, trying to blink away the tears that were threatening to spill any second now. How many times had Andy rehearsed this conversation in his head in the last sixteen years? It seemed like he had chosen every word in every sentence specially to hit Gary right where it hurt. So he was going to let Andy down once more, then. He hoped he wouldn't have to, he hoped things could have gone differently. Finally, he looked down and shook his head, no longer trying to hold back the tears. \"I can't… I can't do it Andy, I just can't.\" \"How can you know that? How can you know that if you've never tried?\" Andy's voice sounded desperate. \"I have tried! I was there…\" Andy cut him mid sentence. \"Yeah, for like a week, at most. Do you expect me to believe they just let you out with your arms still in bandages like that? You're still wearing the bloody wristband, for God sakes!\" Gary simply dropped any attempt at lying anymore. It was Andy in front of him, and he knew. \"Mate, please, please, I promise I won't try to do it again, I won't, just…\" As he spoke, he could feel his heart racing, as if it was trying to escape from his chest. 'Please' he thought, but he couldn't say, 'please, don't take this away, please, please, it's all I have'. Andy sighed and grabbed Gary's shoulders \"I know it's hard, mate, I know.\" He drew his friend closer to himself expecting some resistance, but instead Gary went in for the hug so fast it kind of took Andy by surprise. Suddenly they were holding onto each other for dear life, and all that could be heard for a while were Gary's muffled sobs. Andy was just letting the tears stream down his face, trying to keep his voice composed. \"It's all right, mate. It's all right, I've got you.\"[Chapter 3] Andy parked the car outside the building and turned to look at Gary, dedicating him a little smile. Gary had been a bit fidgety during the car ride, but for the most part he seemed all right. Well, he hadn't tried to jump out of the moving vehicle, and that was more than Andy had expected, if he were to be perfectly honest. \"All right,\" he said as he took off his seatbelt \"we're here.\" Gary glanced at the place with a disgusted look on his face. \"It looks awful.\" He shook his head and crossed his arms over his chest. \"I don't wanna go here, take me somewhere else.\" He turned his head in the opposite direction. \"We chose this place together, remember? It's the best there is. Now come on, they are expecting you.\" He wasn't going to waste his time arguing with Gary, not today, so he didn't wait for him to reply; he simply got out of the car and walked over to his door. When he tried to open it, however, he found some resistance. \"Gary\" he began \"let go of the door, please.\" \"I'm not doing anything, it must be broken.\" He said as he clearly pulled the door in with both hands. \"Maybe you should take the car to a shop or something. Right now sounds good, I'll go with you.\" \"Gary, for God's sake.\" Andy gave the door one big pull and the door opened, Gary still hanging from the handle. \"You fixed it!\" \"Grab your bags, Gary.\" With a sigh, Gary let go of the door and got out of the car. \"Fine.\" He took his bags from the back sit and went back to looking at the building with a concerned expression. \"Come on.\" Andy laid a hand on Gary's shoulder and began walking him there, but a couple of steps later he just stopped. \"Gary? What is it?\" Gary made a sound that could have been a word, but Andy couldn't be sure. \"I… I changed my mind, I can't go in there.\" \"Gary...\" \"No, but really, I can't! I just remembered I have this thing, I can't miss it, super important stuff you know? Why are you looking at me like that? I promise you, it's true!\" \"Gary, come on.\" \"I'm serious! Come on, would I lie to you? Actually, don't answer that. Please, Andy, I can just do this from home, all right? I don't need this place.\" He made a dismissive gesture towards the rehab center and laughed nervously. \"You do, Gary.\" Andy crossed his arms. \"You'll need doctors, and meds, and counseling and a bunch of other stuff you won't have at the apartment. But you know all this. So quit dragging this out and get in there.\" Andy began heading for the door again, but Gary stopped him \"All right, wait, wait, wait…\" When Andy stopped and looked at him, Gary bit his lower lip and looked down. \"Fine, you… you're right. I'm just…\" he looked back at Andy and shrugged. \"A bit... nervous, that's all.\" He dedicated Andy a sad little smile and looked down again. Andy was quiet for a second, not really knowing what to say. \"Ok. Ok, that's understandable. Let's just do one thing at the time, yeah? Let's just walk to the door right now.\" Gary hesitated, but then nodded and started walking with Andy towards the door. \"What happens when we get to the door?\" \"We go in.\" They kept walking. \"And then?\" Andy was getting a little frustrated. \"You… check yourself in, Gary.\" \"Fuck.\" \"What did you think was gonna happen?\" \"I don't know! I thought that maybe you'd see my commitment and we could just forget about all this and go for drin… ice cream.\" He quickly gave Andy an apologetic smile. Andy didn't reply. As they arrived to the door, he opened it for Gary. He still looked as if he were in agonizing pain, but he walked in without a word. Andy felt a wave of relief wash over him. As they headed to the reception, the woman at the desk looked up. \"Yes, can I help you?\" Gary looked ready to burst out running at full speed. He looked over at Andy who smiled and nodded. Gary licked his lips and turned back to face the receptionist. \"I'm... checking myself in.\" The lady smiled \"Gary, is it?\" He nodded. \"Great, we've been waiting for you. Welcome.\" She handed him some forms. \"I'll just need you to fill these real quick.\" She gave him a pen and gestured to the chairs on their right. They sat and he started writing. \"'Regularly used substances'\" He read out loud. \"Man, that could take a while.\" He laughed and turned to Andy, who looked all but amused. \"Oh, come on it's…\" His smile faded. \"So we are not making these jokes yet? All right then.\" He finished soon enough, and handed them back to the woman at the desk. She read them over. \"Perfect. We have a doctor waiting for you in the office to give you an exam.\" She stood and pointed to a hallway behind her \"Let me take you there.\" Gary went very white all of the sudden. \"In there?\" She nodded. \"Like back there? That office all the way in?\" She just nodded again. Gary looked ready to hurl. \"It's all right, mate\" Andy put a hand on his shoulder. \"Go on. I won't leave until you get in.\" Gary didn't seem to find any relief in that. \"And I'll be back before you notice, as soon as it's visits day.\" Gary swallowed hard. \"Yeah. Yeah, all right.\" He walked over to the receptionist, who suddenly looked very small standing besides him. \"You'll be fine, sweetheart.\" She put a hand on his back and started leading him to the doctor's office. Every few steps he turned back to look at Andy, who suddenly felt very sick to his stomach watching him leave. He still tried to look composed and smiled, waving his hand. Gary raised his hand and tried to smile too, and next thing he knew, he disappeared behind the door. Andy stood there for a minute, staring at the closed door and feeling as if he was going to fall over any second now. When he felt a bit more collected, he turned and headed for his car. He sat in it for a while, thinking that, if he could talk to Gary now, he'd tell him that he too would kill for a drink right now. That, at least, he wasn't alone. stood outside 0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000[Chapter 4] Gary lay awake on a bundle of sweaty bedsheets, wrapped in every blanket he could find, shivering and whimpering, unable to stop. He could feel every inch of his body in a spasm, and every vein screaming for something he couldn't give. It had been going on all night, the pain, the jitters, and although he had been expecting it to happen, that didn't make it one bit easier. He shut his eyes and curled himself into a ball, trying to steady his breathing, but failing miserably. If he had to be honest, his first night there and most of the day after hadn't been too bad. After his doctor's appointment the night before, he was taken to his room and he had been so tired he just collapsed in bed. The next morning he had met with who'd become his counselor for their first private session. The questions he was asked were very routine, and although the man had tried to engage Gary a bit more, he couldn't be bothered to sit still. He kept ignoring his questions and standing up, grabbing random books from his shelves and pretending to be interested in them. After the third time he repeated that he had always wanted to read Foster Wallace, the counselor took a hint and realized he wasn't going to get much more out of him then, so he sent Gary on his way. Group wasn't as easy to navigate, however. Walking into a room full of people who were actually expecting for him to express his innermost feelings really wasn't his idea of a good time. He walked in hoping, for the first time in his life, to go unnoticed. Alas, he was the new guy, and new guys had to introduce themselves, of course. \"All right, everyone.\" Began the person who seemed to be leading that whole charade. \"We have someone new here today.\" Gary could feel all the blood in his body rush to his face. \"I think I'd be great if you could introduce yourself to the group.\" She smiled to him, and there was a moment of silence in which Gary considered his options. He could jump out that window, but then again they were on the second floor... Finally, he sat up straight and he spoke. \"Hey, I'm Gary. King.\" He said, almost stuttering. He tried again. \"My name's Gary King.\" Every person in the room greeted him with some kind of variant of 'Hello' or 'Hi, Gary.' For some reason he always thought that was deeply disturbing. \"Welcome, Gary.\" Continued the woman that had spoken earlier. \"Can you tell us why you are here today?\" Jesus. He hated this part, he really, really did. Why was this even a thing? He already felt like crap, he was in rehab for God's sakes. Why was he expected to humiliate himself even further? 'Get it over with,' he thought 'get it the fuck over with and move on.' He tried to smile back at her but wasn't sure if he managed to. \"I'm here cause I'm… an addict and an alcoholic.\" He could feel the blood that had gathered to his face, suddenly rush somewhere else –he wasn't really sure where, he felt a little like it had just left his body. For some reason, when he was finished, the entire room began to clap. He didn't think he had ever felt so embarrassed, and he had done some really stupid shit in his life. God, he was gonna puke. Fortunately, they didn't bother him much after that; some people spoke, there were a couple of tears, but Gary wasn't really paying attention. As soon as they were done, he managed to sneak back into his room and stay there until dinner time. And that's where it started to get really rough. He had been lying in bed for a while; he had brought some music in Andy's iPod and was just beginning to doze off to it, when someone barged into the room. \"Hey man, they said I should let you know it's dinner time.\" Gary raised an eyebrow. The man standing in front of him certainly didn't look like one of the doctors or the therapists, so he must have been a patient as well. Gary was most confused about what he was doing in there; he was pretty certain he had never laid eyes on him before. The man kept smiling cheerfully, waiting for Gary's reply. \"Oh. All right.\" He stood up lazily and looked back at the guy, who was still standing by the door. He crossed his arms over his chest, and leaned on the doorframe, as if he was waiting for him. Well, he was definitely creeping him out. \"Who are you then?\" \"Oh I…\" he seemed a bit taken aback \"I'm your roommate. I was asleep last night when you arrived, and I guess I was already gone when you woke up today... I was also in group today.\" Gary looked to his left and realized that there were, indeed, two beds in the room. Go figure. \"…I'm Mike.\" He added, smiling. \"We should get going, though, or they'll run out of all of the good stuff.\" Gary wasn't really hungry, but he followed anyway. Maybe he could manage to sneak in some muffins or something into his room for later. He always got hungry right after midnight, for some reason. This Mike person didn't seem too bad, at first at least. He could have gotten some old bloke with smelly feet and bad breath, but, as far as Gary could tell, his feet seemed all right and his breath didn't smell. Still, he could have been a snorer; Gary wouldn't know until bedtime. \"So. First day, huh?\" Mike started saying, as they sat down on their table. \"Well, I guess second, technically. How are you holding up?\" Oh great, a conversationalist. As if there weren't enough people trying to make him talk in there already. Gary just shrugged. \"I've had better days, to be honest.\" Mike chuckled. \"Yeah, I feel you. I've been here about a week now, and let me tell you, it's been rough.\" He took a bite of whatever he was eating and continued \"Is it your first time in here?\" \"Yeah.\" That was a lie. \"Well, I mean…\" He stuttered a bit. Why were they even talking about this? Wasn't it enough with having to do this same thing all day long? They should have been talking about how disgusting the food was, or the music he had just been hearing, or anything else really; literally anything else would have been better. But he had already started talking, and Mike was staring at him with these huge eyes, waiting for him to continue, so he did. \"I was in rehab before, but only for a couple of days.\" He should have just told him that it wasn't his first time, and stop there. Or, better yet, he should have told him to mind his own fucking business. The other man just nodded. Maybe he had noticed that it was best to drop the subject now, before Gary decided to slash his jugular with his little plastic knife. Silence between them didn't last long, though, since a second later a girl who seemed way too young to even be in there, dropped herself next to Gary's new friend. \"Hey, Mikey!\" She grabbed something from his plate and simply put it in her mouth. This appeared to be a common occurrence, since he didn't even look up, he just raised a hand and ruffled her short hair, while still munching. \"Hey, kiddo.\" She chuckled and tried to brush it back into place with her fingers. Still smiling, she turned to Gary. \"And you are the new guy, right?\" Gary, who was not in such a cheerful mood by then, rolled his eyes at her and stabbed his food. \"Why? What do you wanna know? Maybe what's my go-to drug, or, or maybe if mummy and daddy loved me enough.\" He almost cringed at his own words. God, was sick of this already. \"What is it with you people and constantly wanting to discuss these things?\" As if to irritate Gary even further, she chuckled again and raised her hands defensively. \"Whoa, chill out there mate, I was just saying hello.\" An instant later she had lowered her hands and was leaning across the table, whispering. \"Although, if you could let me in in that go-to drug thing, that'd be great. I have a bet with Doug over there.\" She pointed to a table across the room, where a man who seemed to be older than time itself, raised a wrinkly hand and waved at them. \"He thinks it's smack, but I'm thinking booze.\" She sat back and crossed her arms, shaking her head. \"Stupid idiot, he always says smack and he's never right.\" She stood up and raised her voice so he could hear her across the room \"Just cause you love it doesn't mean everyone does, Doug you dumb fuck!\" He shouted back something that sounded a lot like 'then they're wrong!' and the girl sat down with a laugh. Gary just sat there motionless, trying to process what had just happened. These people where insane, just completely out of their minds. Fuck, there it was again, that sick feeling this place, these people gave him. He honestly felt like he would vomit any minute now and... 'Oh.' He suddenly realized what was really going on. 'Oh, no. Oh, no, no, no, it's too soon! It's too soon, fuck!' He looked down at his hands and watched them shake, albeit almost imperceptibly. 'Fuck, fuck, fuck!' \"Come on, Becky, leave Gary alone. If he doesn't wanna say, he shouldn't...\" Mike cut himself mid sentence. Gary looked up and realized he was staring. He had obviously noticed something was wrong, so he immediately hid his hands under the table. \"Are you ok there, man?\" \"Fine.\" His voice came out a little higher than he had intended. He coughed. \"I'm fine. I'm… probably just tired, that's all. I think I may be heading to bed early tonight.\" He smiled the most unconvincing smile he had ever produced and shot up from his sit and towards his room, leaving the other two staring at him as he walked away. Becky grabbed the tray Gary had left almost intact, and pulled it towards her. She grabbed a spoon and began eating his abandoned jello. \"Definitely booze.\" Mike just nodded. He sat up and grabbed his knees. He thought about calling a doctor again, but he had already taken all the meds he was supposed to take, and then some they gave him just 'cause he wouldn't shut up about needing something stronger. He buried his head in his knees, trying to muffle the sobs he couldn't contain, rocking back and forth and praying to be able to throw up again, so at least the nausea would go away for a bit. \"Gary, mate\" the lump lying on the bed besides him said in a hearse voice. \"You need to settle down a bit, all right? It's four am.\" Gary tried to tell him to go fuck himself, but the only thing he could manage right then was a loud whimper and a very bad thrown bottle of water, originally aimed at his head but that only hit the side of the bed. \"Fuck you, man! I'm sick!\" Mike sat up and ran a hand through his messy hair. \"Yeah, I get that, and I know it sucks, believe me. But the doctor has already said there's nothing else he can give you, that you'll just have to ride this out. I don't know, go take a shower or something.\" \"You go take a fucking shower!\" Gary untangled himself from countless covers and sheets and stood up. He headed for the drawers and began to take his stuff out. \"The fuck are you doing, man?\" Mike got out of bed also, as soon as he realized what Gary was trying to do. \"I'm outta here.\" He grabbed his empty bags from under the bed, and started stuffing them with balled-up clothes, as fast as he could go. \"The fuck you are!\" Mike turned Gary right around and pushed him off balance. Gary suddenly found himself sitting on his bed, confusedly staring up at his very angry roommate. \"You need to sit and calm down, all right?\" Gary stood right back up, and tried to push Mike back, but the man was much taller than him, and Gary was too sick to even be standing up. \"Leave me alone! Why do you even care? Get off me!\" Mike had grabbed him by the shoulders and wouldn't let him walk away or even move. \"I'm sorry, I'm sorry mate but I can't let you go. I promise you'll be fine, but you have to stay here.\" Gary kept trying to free himself, but simply wasn't strong enough. \"I can't, I can't stay here anymore! I need something, all right? Meds are doing nothing!\" \"I get it, I know.\" Mike slowly sat him back down into the bed, and sat besides him with an arm around his shoulders. Gary said nothing else; he just sat there, defeated, weeping softly for a minute. \"If you promise you won't do anything silly, I'll go find a doctor. They never give you the good stuff unless you are at least as bad as this.\" He shrugged. \"Besides, I think there's lot of left over jello in the kitchen. I can bring you some if you want; there's never anyone there at this hour.\" He smiled and pated Gary's shoulder as he stood up. \"Do you promise you'll stay here then?\" Gary hesitated for a second, but then nodded. He bit his lower lip and brought all the covers over himself again. \"Great. I'll leave someone at the door just in case, so don't try anything funny, all right?\" Gary just nodded again. He walked over to the door, but turned around before leaving. \"What flavor jello do you want?\" \"I…\" he wasn't in an eating mood at all, but he still answered. \"Blueberry?\" \"Coming right up!\" And with that, Mike disappeared through the door. Gary lay back down on the bed and groaned, covering even his head with the covers as he did so. And he waited.[Chapter 5] Gary waited for a couple of minutes after Mike left, and lowered the covers. He knew he had promised he'd stay in the room, but if the guy was so stupid as to actually believe him, well, he deserved to be lied to then. Ignoring his severe desire to throw up the best he could, he sat up on the bed and tried to listen for any signs of movement out there, but heard nothing at all. If he had really left no one at the door, then Gary could simply walk away. It was the middle of the night, virtually no one else was there to stop him. Someone at the front door would probably just want his signature on some paperwork and he'd be free, he'd be free and he'd be able stop the pain. He chuckled nervously at the thought, and ran a hand through the mess that was his hair. Still smirking, he stood up and rushed to his bags. With shaky hands, he swiftly grabbed the clothes that had fallen on the floor and began stuffing them in again. Suddenly he heard his own voice inside his head, all but a whisper but still very clear: 'Gary, are you actually going to do this? Again?' He immediately stopped what he was doing. Fuck. Obliviously, he clutched the indiscernible piece of clothing in his hand and bit his lower lip hard. Fuck. Fuck him for having grown a conscience out of the fucking blue in that precise moment. Or fuck it for haven gotten sober right along with him. With a heavy sigh he closed his eyes and wrapped his arms around himself. He couldn't leave, he couldn't… But he wanted it so bad, he needed to stop feeling like this, he needed… He threw the shirt across the room with a loud swear and hid his face in his palms. He stood like that for a minute, and finally lowered his hands. He stared at the closed door before him. He had to know, he simply had to. Not even fully aware of what he was doing, he found himself rushing towards the door. Swiftly, before he could even think of changing his mind, his hand grabbed the knob and turned it. Or tried to. When he heard a loud 'Hey!' from the other side, he let go of it, and jumped backwards. Oh. So he had left someone guarding the door. Lovely. The door clicked open, and a very frowny Becky shot in. \"Where on earth do you think you are going?\" Gary's eyes went wide at the sight of her. She had crossed her arms over her chest and was staring at him as if she was actually expecting an honest answer. Holy shit, had he really fallen so low? Did he truly have to explain himself to this freckled-cheeked child now? \"Hey, calm down Hermione, I was just checking if Mike was coming back or what.\" She seemed honestly taken aback, and Gary gave himself an inner high five of sorts for managing that. \"Besides, you are not supposed to even be in here, these are the guys' dorms.\" He smirked. Becky huffed a laugh. \"What are you, twelve?\" She closed the door behind her and pointed to Gary's half-packed bags. \"And don't even try to lie to me, all right? That doesn't look like you were 'just checking.'\" Realizing it was hopeless, Gary gave up on lying. \"Fuck off! I'll do whatever I please; I don't have to answer to you!\" He swallowed hard. Fuck, everything was blurry. \"And it's not like you could stop me anyway. I have like a head on you.\" He really didn't want to have to get physical with her, but if she had to be locked in the bathroom for him to get his way, then that was exactly what was going to happen. \"I'm not here to fight you, you knobhead.\" Her stance changed a bit. \"I'm here...\" She stopped and sighed. \"Mike did the same thing for me when I first came here. I tried to leave too, all right?\" She shrugged and looked away for a second. Then her eyes met Gary's again. \"He saw me wandering the halls and… he didn't even have to touch me, he just sat me down and we talked. Of course he's much better than me at this; he's been in rehab like a thousand times…\" Gary's huff cut her mid-sentence. \"So you are here to talk to me?\" She obviously didn't expect that. She looked positively hurt, and, for the smallest bit, she couldn't seem to find the right words. \"I'm here 'cause you're obviously freaking out, and I thought that maybe you needed someone to tell you that it was gonna be all right, yeah?\" Gary noticed her eyes watering. Fuck. \"I thought I could help!\" Oh, Jesus, no. He couldn't handle this right now. \"Stop, stop, stop. Don't cry, all right? I honestly won't be able to deal with it. I mean, I'm sorry that you feel that way and all, but I kinda have my own problems at the moment.\" \"Don't be like that! I just wanted to help you out, mate!\" She kept running the back of her hands on her cheeks to dry the tears. He threw his arms open and gave a forced smile. \"I just don't think you are understanding how sick I feel right now. If you keep this up, I promise you, I will throw up on your slippers.\" At that exact same moment, the door barged open and Mike walked in, bearing at least five cups full of jelly. \"Oh, hey Becky.\" He handed her one of the cups. \"How are things?\" She beamed at him and began digging into her cup with a spoon that looked a bit too big for her mouth. \"Oh, it's all all right.\" She swallowed. \"He was being kinda difficult, so I had to improvise a bit. Worked pretty well, though.\" She dedicated Gary a little smile. Gary felt like he had just been punched in the face. Oh. She'd been playing him? That whole scene was just a fucking act? He stood there with his mouth half open and his eyes like plates, quite literally speechless. Mike walked over to him and put one of the cups on his hand. \"Don't sweat it mate, she's kinda good; that's the whole reason why I brought her here.\" Gary tried to argue, but Mike wouldn't even let him begin. \"The doctor will be here in a minute. I convinced him to bring the good stuff. So now be nice and patient and wait a bit longer, all right?\" Gary stared at him for a second, trying to calculate his chances of punching him on the nose and getting away with it. He finally decided against it, and plonked himself down on the bed with a sigh. \"I hate you both so much.\" Becky chuckled under her breath. \"Give it a day or two. A week at most. You'll change your mind.\" She winked at him and he had to make use of all his strength and willpower to stop himself from getting up and straight up strangling her.[Chapter 6] He was actually dreading the coming of the weekend. At first he had thought it wouldn't get there soon enough, but as his head began clearing up, and as he began feeling all those things he had been trying so desperately hard not to, he realized he was no even close to being ready to face Andy; not now, not sober. This was exactly the way had been -quite literally- dying not to feel; every inch of his skin was raw, exposed. His mind was screaming at him, sputtering insults with every thought, letting him know exactly how worthless, how guilty and ashamed he should be. And he was. He felt vulnerable, fragile even, like made of something very thin, very weak. It was just venomous, and it was eating him up from the inside out. All these emotions had come rushing so suddenly, like a storm rising inside him. He thought he may be, but was not prepared, not at all; he didn't have what he needed to shut it down. He hated himself. Every last bit of his being. He hadn't been there a week. He hadn't been sober a week and he was already desperate to crawl out of his own skin. But the weekend came anyway, obviously not giving a single fuck to how hard he had wished for it not to -probably due to the fact that it was not an actual living being, but an abstract concept-, and he found himself still there, still alive. However miserable. So he showered and he got dressed -hid his wrists-, and he walked by the mirror without giving in to the urge to punch it to smithereens, and he sat as far away from the front door as he could while still not losing sight of it. And he took out his cigs, and waited. The drive there seemed much longer than the last time. It was quieter, for starters. Even if Gary hadn't talked much the previous time, it felt very different to just have him there, making jokes, trying to look collected. Failing miserably at it, of course, but it was still better than nothing. Now Andy felt just so alone with only his thoughts to keep him company. He wasn't even sure what he felt so anxious about; Gary was already in there, right? And, most importantly, he had stayed. An entire fucking week. He almost couldn't believe it. True, he had gotten some somehow discouraging late phone calls during that week, but he wouldn't have expected anything less from him; it was just Gary being Gary, kicking and screaming and begging Andy to come get him, to stop fucking around, to get him something, please, to help him, just help him, Andy, please, please. And every time Andy would sit up on his bed, take a deep breath and explain very calmly and very patiently that no, he wouldn't be sneaking anything in for him on the weekend, and that no, he wasn't going to pick him up and bring him home with him because it was the middle of the night and because he needed to stay in there for a little bit longer, and that they would see each other very soon anyway. All of this was often met with the most creative string of insults Andy had ever heard in his life, to which, gathering all the patience he could find within himself, he replied that Gary could complain all he wanted, but that that he wasn't going to change Andy's mind. And, of course, that he was still unbelievably proud of him. That usually shut him up. Well, after one last 'you fucking wanker!' of sorts. Then he heard the phone click on his ear and he knew it was over. For the night at least. But Andy had successfully navigated through that week somehow, and he was now parked at the exact same spot as a week before, and he wasn't sure of what to do. Sure, he should get out of the car, walk through the door, and sit with Gary for a little bit. Maybe talk. Yeah, that was what he was supposed to do right? Only, it didn't feel right at all. It was all very nice, Gary being in rehab and all. But Andy didn't really believe it would last, not… not really. He had lost so much; he just couldn't lose Gary again. He was so scared. Maybe he was just scared. It didn't actually matter. Right now, he needed to get in there and do what he was supposed to do. Even if it didn't last, right now Gary needed him. Never mind that he had no clue what to say, he'd figure it out as he went. Gary did try not to jump to his feet as soon as he saw an Andy-shaped-being walk through the door, he just didn't try hard enough. Hoping for his life that Andy hadn't noticed, Gary took his sweet time putting his cigarette out and throwing it away, before walking towards him as if he hadn't just sprung off his seat at the speed of fucking light. \"They let you smoke in here?\" \"Not really, but\" Gary shrugged with a smile \"as long as they don't catch you.\" It looked as if Andy was using all the strength he could gather not to push it any further. Gary felt a tinge of shame –his favorite perk of sobriety- when he noticed the look on his face. Not half a minute had passed since Andy had arrived and Gary was already being disappointing. Way to go. Fuck. \"Still breaking rules, then?\" Gary looked up, noticing right then that he had been staring at the ground. He felt his heart race. \"I'm trying!\" No, please, don't let my voice break. Well, at least Andy had not been expecting that. He seemed so taken aback he didn't reply at all. He did, however, open his mouth once as if to say something, but closed it again and remained silent. What had he been expecting though? An excuse, probably. Something vaguely dismissing. But Gary wasn't drunk, and he wasn't high, and he wasn't trying to fool Andy and himself into his games anymore. \"Sorry.\" Andy shook his head. \"Sorry, mate, you're right.\" Good thing Gary was already expecting this to be awkward, no surprises there. \"Maybe we should sit.\" Andy gestured to an empty table close by, drawing a little smile. Gary just shrugged and followed Andy's lead without a word. Once they had sat down, however, Gary wasn't feeling as bothered anymore. He'd missed Andy more than he would ever dare to admit, and well… he had been breaking rules. Andy was just probably worried, he guessed. \"How are you feeling, then?\" Gary huffed. \"You'd know. I've been calling you every night since I've gotten here.\" He crossed his arms over his chest. \"This sucks. I'm fucking miserable.\" The corner of Andy's mouth twitched involuntarily. \"You're still here, though.\" \"Yeah, well.\" Gary shrugged and shook his head a bit theatrically. \"I'm used to being miserable.\" Andy knew that was not supposed to be funny, not in the slightest, but for some reason his lips curved into a smile and he couldn't hold it in; suddenly he was chuckling and he couldn't contain it, try as he may. He laid his head on his hand and rubbed his eyebrow. \"Jesus Christ, Gary.\" \"Oh, so this is what we are doing now, we are laughing at my pain. Wonderful.\" But he wasn't able to hide his smile either, even biting his lower lip as he was. Andy sat up straight again, pursing his lips into a tight line. \"You'll be all right, mate. You got this.\" Gary's smile faded a bit. He looked down for an instant and then back at Andy. \"You don't know that.\" \"Of course I do.\" It didn't matter if he was lying through his teeth, it really, really didn't. He couldn't be scared right now, Gary was probably scared enough for the both of them already. He needed to be the strong one, and he was going to. \"You're Gary King, yeah? Whenever have you not been able to do something you've set your mind to?\" Andy could see Gary mouthing 'fucking liar' but he could also see his smile threatening to appear again. \"Remember that time you got Erika to make out with you at the Christmas party? She was so mad at you 'cause you had set her dog's tail on fire, but somehow you still got home with her bra in your pocket that night.\" And just like that they were laughing. Gary was laughing. \"Oh, shit! Yes, fuck, it was pink! It was a pink lacy bra… Jesus, I was so proud of that.\" \"Or that time you were gonna fail History and you convinced Mr. Brown that it was cause English was not your first language and that you were actually from Spain?\" Gary immediately covered his mouth with both his hands and was trying not to burst out laughing. \"How, mate? How did you even do that? You don't speak a word of Spanish!\" \"Well, neither did he!\" He shook his head at the thought. \"But\" he raised a finger \"I did end up failing, though.\" \"Yeah, when they found out.\" \"Right. Oh man, I was suspended for so long…\" Andy smiled, slightly, his eyebrows raising. \"See? You've done so much amazing stuff I couldn't even name everything if I sat here all day talking about it.\" Gary fell silent all of the sudden. He shook his head. \"Yeah, but making out with a girl, messing with a teacher, it's just... it's different. This is different.\" \"Doesn't mean you can't figure it out. You will.\" The corner of his mouth curved into a smile. \"Hell, you are already pretty much kicking ass.\" Gary scrunched up his face in confusion. \"How does one even kick ass in rehab? That's not actually a thing, mate.\" \"No, but it is! It is. Ok, listen to me.\" Andy leaned over the table and raised his index finger, as if he were counting. \"Have you not gotten up every morning at fucking dawn\" it was probably closer to nine-ish, he thought, but continued \"and gotten yourself down to every single one of the group meetings and sat through them without punching anyone in the face?\" Gary's eyebrows were still scrunched. \"Yeah, I guess. I almost did punch someone once, though…\" Andy ignored him and went on, raising another finger. \"Have you not endured days of withdrawals, shaking and sweating and throwing up and wishing you could make it stop somehow? Knowing just what you could do to stop it, and still choosing to stay here? Have you not?\" Gary opened his mouth, yet nothing came out. He tried again. \"Yes, I... yeah, but...\" Andy raised a third finger \"Have you not gone to individual sessions and talked about stuff you would much rather have forgotten about, even if it was by means of a bullet through your skull?\" He didn't wait for an answer this time, he just raised the next finger. \"Have you not wanted to put a bullet through your skull? Constantly? Have you not stared at your wrists and ignored the urge, the need to…\" His voice was about to crack. He couldn't let it. \"…to try that again?\" Gary had fell silent and was looking down. Andy ignored the tears he could clearly see forming in his eyes. He also ignored his own. \"Have you not done all these things?\" He raised his eyebrows and crooked his head to the side. \"Sober?\" Gary's face distorted by emotion and suddenly became streaked with tears. Andy got up from his seat and rushed over to him, holding him to his chest as he shook. \"It's so fucking hard!\" \"But you're doing it, you're doing it.\" Neither could talk anymore after that. They stayed like that for a while, in silence, until Gary was able to calm down a bit, and even then Andy wouldn't let go. He was there, Gary was there, wasn't he? Jesus, thank God… Finally Andy crouched by Gary's seat and dedicated him a smile. \"Now, what was that about not kicking ass?\" Gary had to smile. What a fucking idiot, for God's sake. He shook his head and huffed. \"Andrew, you fucking dick.\"[Chapter 7] Gary walked down the hall dragging a ridiculously huge bag Andy had brought in from his car last minute. Something to lift his spirits, he'd said. Gary hadn't looked in yet, but if he were to bet actual money on guessing what was in there, he'd put all of it on the bag being stuffed to the brim with candy. And he would have been right too. Andy had always had a soft spot for crappy food, and even though Gary hadn't really shared that till right then, he felt like he was in no position to overlook the option of turning to food as a means of not feeling so shitty. He refused to call it 'comfort food,' however. Besides, he considered, a diet consisting of Cadbury and Mars bars didn't sound half bad. Not at all. He turned round the corner to an interesting sight; sitting on the floor, with her head buried between her knees, was Becky. Just for a second, as Gary walked by, she lifted her head to run a hand across her cheek, and it became pretty obvious to him that she was crying. \"What's the matter, your boyfriend broke up with you?\" That probably wasn't very good. It was impulse; he'd have the chance to be an asshole and he would, as simple as that. His mouth was far quicker than his brain. His brand new conscience scolded him for it. She didn't look up to answer. \"Go away.\" Now, she wasn't exactly his favorite person in the world, in fact he had wanted to smother her with a pillow more than once by now, but she wasn't truly horrible either, and for some reason Gary felt a bit sorry for her. Besides, if he had to be honest, he had been feeling a little… lonely. Sure, there was Andy. Maybe Sam and Steve, if he was lucky. But he had never made other friends after high school, not real ones anyway, even if he was always in a crowd. He thought it didn't bother him, truth is he was always too wasted to care, or sometimes to even notice. And maybe Rebecca fucking Baker wasn't precisely what he thought about if you asked him about genuine human connection, but she was there, wasn't she? She was there and she was probably one of the few people to ever speak to him that knew what he was going through. Huh. Suddenly the whole concept of group meetings made absolute sense to him. He was sitting on the floor besides her even before he could think about it twice. \"What the fuck are you doing?\" She raised her head just a bit and turned around to look at him, laying her cheek on her knee. \"Keeping you company.\" He shrugged \"If you're gonna be miserable, you shouldn't have to be miserable alone.\" He turned his gaze away as he spoke; he felt awkward somehow, like he was being too pleasant or something. Maybe it was just the novelty of it all. Caring. \"You don't like me.\" She began blinking way too much all of the sudden, and buried her head between her knees again. \"And I don't want your bloody company.\" \"It's not… that's not fair!\" He made a face. \"I've only been here a week; I've been here detoxing for a week, who wouldn't be a bit grumpy?\" She gasped. \"You threw a lamp at me and called me a ginger bitch! I'm not even that ginger!\" She had lifted her head and was grabbing a lock of her hair as a demonstration. \"You're ginger enough! And that's not the point!\" She wasn't ginger really. He really hoped that his beard didn't look reddish in that light, cause it wasn't. \"I was in withdrawal and you tricked me into staying sober.\" \"Yeah, I did. You're fucking welcome.\" They remained silent for a bit. Gary hadn't really decided if he was thankful for her intervention that time or not yet, but it had been a rough night, and she had been there. She had stayed through all of it, even when had he resorted to throwing the room's furnishing at her and Mike. \"You ate all my jelly.\" He said in a murmur. \"What? You wanted your vomit to be blue or something? It was bad enough as it was. I don't know if you remember, but you did end up throwing up on my slippers. I would have never gotten it off if it had been fucking blue.\" He chuckled. Wait, that wasn't funny. She looked kinda mad. \"Sorry.\" Becky bit her lower lip but couldn't contain a smile. She shook her head as quiet laughter took over her. \"It's all right. I guess I would have done the same if I had been in your position. And I didn't even like those slippers anyway.\" She went very serious all of a sudden. \"They were a gift from my mum. She was supposed to come visit today, you know? She promised.\" Oh. So that's was the problem then. Gary knew a thing or two about unsupportive parents, and he also knew a thing or two about people in general who said they would be there and then... weren't. He looked at her and tried to find the right words. He wasn't about to lie to her about this. For some reason he was certain that would be a terrible thing to do. He could have just said something dismissive; he could have just said that her mum had just probably forgotten, thought visit days were on some other day, that she must have been busy or something... But he couldn't. \"Parents… people. They are complicated. I don't know your mum, but if she said she was going to be here, she should have been here. No matter how angry or disappointed she may be right now.\" He could see the shame creeping into her cheeks. Gary was pretty sure Becky must have hurt her family a lot; he knew he certainly had, multiple times. But he also knew –he really, really did know- that it wasn't a one way street. \"You're trying to do things differently… better, right? She should be trying to do the same thing.\" Becky stared at him for a second with a pensive frown, and then nodded solemnly. He thought her eyes watered a bit, but then they wondered to the floor and he couldn't really tell. \"She should, right? I shouldn't be the only one doing all the work.\" She pursed her lips and clicked her fingernails together. He nodded. He was still looking for that little bit of parental sympathy that turns every grown man into a child. His mum probably didn't even know he was in there yet. He had ruined his chances so many times, he wasn't even sure what she would make of it this time. Suddenly he realized he was getting lost in his own thoughts, but it wasn't just about him right now. Gary looked back at Becky and smiled. \"Don't worry, you're doing fantastic.\" It was true wasn't it? She couldn't have been there much longer than he had, a couple of days at most, and she was being a champ about it. She smiled back at him. \"She'll come around.\" And if she doesn't, I'll have your back his mind added, but he didn't say out loud for some reason. Maybe some other time.[Chapter 8] Gary really wasn't in the mood for a meeting that morning. Of course, he'd never been since he'd been in there... or before, or at any point in his life really. He had, however, been expecting for it to change at one point. He had been expecting to be able to start making sense of the things he was doing in there, and the things he would have to do when he got out, but he really felt like he wasn't. Honestly, most of the time he just wanted to go home and get proper wasted. His body had mostly adjusted to being sober by now, but his mind kept running wild about it. Being in rehab was deadly boring, but at least in there he wouldn't fuck things up just yet. He was pretty certain that he wouldn't last a day sober when he got out. He wasn't even sure he wanted to be sober at all. God, this was all so confusing. He did want to get better, to have Andy's friendship back, to get his life together and stop feeling like a failure all the time. He wanted his mum back. He missed people caring about him. Not only his old friends; he missed being able to connect with anyone at all. But he also very much missed that soothing, woozy feeling that alcohol gave him, sitting warm on the pit of his stomach, washing away every worry he may have had, making the girls look prettier, the jokes seem funnier, and the problems less important. He missed it lulling him to sleep at night. He hadn't had a proper night sleep in over a week. Never mind the detox period, now his head was too clear, everything seemed sharp and hard and he missed being able to tune things down a bit, just a little bit, with only a couple of sips. Just a drink, just one and he would be happy. No, wait. That was probably not true. One drink had never been enough, not for him. He kept having to remind himself that if he went down that path again it would lead him nowhere at all. It had led him nowhere before; it had led him almost to his death, actually. He sighed out loud and his eyes wandered to the scars on his wrists as he walked. They weren't in bandages anymore, and they had been 'healing nicely', doctor's words. They were turning white. Gary didn't want to go to that place again, he couldn't feel the way he had felt that night again. Alcohol hadn't helped then, not at all. It had never solved any of his problems, just brushed them under a rug and turned them into this huge fucking monster that came back to bite him in the ass when he had least expected it. He couldn't keep running from his problems. Or trying to drown them. He had to do things differently this time. But, then again, drinking felt so nice... He kept going back and forth between those two, wanting to forget about alcohol for good one minute, and to sprint away to the nearest pub the next. It was tiring, and confusing. It drained the energy out of him, and left him with zero disposition to do any of the things he was supposed to do while in there. Especially group meetings. God he hated those. People kept getting mad at each other, and reconciling in tears the next second. They were supposed to share their feelings, and everyone was so jumpy and befuddled about everything that was going on, that the meetings were mostly a fucking mess of snot and second hand embarrassment. Gary loathed them. He never spoke much. That morning, however, he had to. Apparently people had noticed he hadn't been pitching in much, and that was just a really big no no, wasn't it? Fuck them all to hell. \"So, Gary, you've been here over a week now. Why don't you tell us how you're feeling?\" He didn't particularly dislike this one doctor; she was nice, and soft-spoken, and apparently knew what she was doing although she looked like ten years younger than Gary himself. But right now he would have punched her on the teeth. \"I'm great. Can't complain.\" A faint smile cast at his lips. \"That's what you've been saying for the past eight days.\" She turned her head to the side. \"I don't want to push you to talk, Gary, but I think that if you could expand a bit more, it would be great for you. You have a chance to vent here, and no one will judge you. You don't have to feel great all the time. And I think that maybe you don't.\" Her head went back to its original position but Gary really just felt like ripping it off with his bare hands. He couldn't really just say what was going on in his head, could he? He didn't think 'I would murder you all with a dull knife for a glass of whatever liquor I can find first' was really appropriate. \"I'm… trying, I guess\" he shrugged. The doctor just nodded at him. \"It's hard.\" \"What is?\" she asked. He wondered if she was being serious. She seemed to be. \"Being… sober?\" \"And why is that?\" Wow. She was being serious. \"Because! It just is.\" He looked around for support. None of the others said anything. He caught a glimpse on his left of Mike giving him two thumbs up, and Gary was certain he wasn't even being ironic. God, he was sweating. What else did they expect him to say? \"It's the way I've always dealt with stuff. Not being able to do that… It makes everything weird and, and complicated.\" \"How do you feel, Gary?\" her eyes stayed fixed on him. \"Sad.\" How very profound. \"Scared. I have no idea how I am going to do anything now. I don't even know what I am supposed to do at all.\" He stopped just for a second to cross his arms over his chest. \"I'll just probably fuck everything up again.\" \"Why would you think that?\" \"Because it's true! It's what I always do! Because right now all I can think about is how shitfaced I wanna get, and how mad I am that I can't, and how nice whisky tastes, and how everything that's happening to me sucks!\" \"You want to drink right now?\" It was more a statement than a question, but she still looked like she expected an answer. \"Yeah. Yeah, I do.\" He felt like his face was on fire. He really, really did need a drink. She rearranged her glasses. \"Tell me, Gary, where are you right now?\" \"What?\" he frowned. She didn't add anything else. \"I'm… here. I'm in rehab.\" \"Aha. So you're not, say, at a bar or at a pub. You're not drinking alone at home. You're here in rehab.\" \"Yeah.\" Where was she even going with this? \"And who made the decision for you to be here?\" She asked. \"What do you mean?\" \"Was it a judge? Was this court ordered? Or are you a minor? Did your parents send you here?\" she rearranged her glasses again. \"Who decided that you should be here today?\" \"I did.\" Oh. Oh . \"All right\" she seemed so pleased with herself Gary could have punched her. \"And what's stopping you from leaving right now? What's stopping you from getting up of that chair, going to whatever pub and ordering a drink?\" Now that he had figured out the game, he didn't want to drag it out any longer. He was tired, he just wanted it to end. \"No one.\" \"Then why are you so certain that you will 'fuck everything up'? You certainly haven't so far. Personally, I think you've been doing pretty well.\" \"I…\" His leg had started bouncing without him noticing at some point of the conversation. He swallowed and his throat felt as if it where lined with sand. \"I just really miss it and…\" God, a drink, ten drinks, of whatever, it didn't matter; he could have drunk window cleaner on the rocks right now. \"…forever seems like a long time, you know.\" His voice had become but a whisper, but, unfortunately, he was certain everyone had heard every word. Forget the drinks, he'll make do with a gun. \"Everyone feels that way, mate.\" Oh, fantastic, his fucking roommate was chipping in now. \"You shouldn't think about it that way. Today you're here. You woke up every morning for the past week and you decided you would stay.\" He shrugged. \"You just need keep doing that. You need to wake up every day and decide that you're not gonna drink that day, and then you don't. You keep fighting day after day, and you win a battle every day.\" \"That actually works?\" He was about to say 'that Betty Ford bullshit', but he changed his mind at the last second. \"Some days.\" A smile tugged at Mike's lips. That… was actually a bit comforting. Gary smiled back at him. \"That was great, Gary, thank you.\" the doctor added. She turned to the rest of the room. \"Anyone else wants to share?\" This time when people spoke, Gary actually listened.[Chapter 9] \"Mike?\" Gary knocked on the door once more. He had woken up a half hour before with his bladder ready to explode, but Mike had been hoarding the bathroom the whole time. \"Come on, man, I'm dying out here, can't you hurry?\" \"Go to bed, Gary.\" It was the first reply he had gotten in that entire time. Gary failed to notice the strain in his voice. \"What are you even doing in there? Waxing or something?\" He knocked again, a bit harder this time. Right then the door opened with a sucking hiss and Mike appeared before him, with a look of utter despair on his face. \"Whoa. What happened to you?\" Mike looked down at his own closed fist, and then opened it up slowly, with his palm facing up. Laying on it, sat a small plastic bag with three white round pills in it. Gary was not exactly a pill enthusiast, but he wasn't a stranger to them either, so he immediately recognized the small 'OC' imprinted on them. His heart skipped a beat. \"Shit.\" \"I found them on my jean pockets; I didn't…\" he shook his head with his mouth hanging open. \"I didn't even remember they were there, I swear.\" Gary was standing there with his eyes like plates and his stomach on a knot, not daring to utter a word. \"I've been sitting on the bathroom staring at them for the last hour; I don't know what to do.\" They both fell silent, staring at the little bag, only their breathing to be heard for half a minute. Gary ran a hand over his mouth and his eyes found Mike's. \"Throw them out.\" Mike didn't answer. He lowered his eyes again and bit his lip. \"Mike, you have to throw them out.\" \"I can't! What do you think I've been trying to do for the past hour?\" Gary got it, he really did. Even he that had barely touched oxy in his life was having trouble breathing at the sight of it. \"Fine.\" He snatched them out of Mike's hand and hurried to the bathroom. \"Stop, stop, Gary, wait!\" In a blink Gary was standing in front of the toilet, plastic bag open on his not-so-steady hand. Taking a deep breath, he threw them into the clear water and stared for a second. He heard Mike swallowing hard besides him. \"Don't flush it. Please.\" \"You do it, then.\" Neither of them spoke. Gary's hand reached for the lever but Mike grabbed his wrist before he could pull it. At that moment he got genuinely scared; he was well aware of what an addict could do to get what they wanted. But before Gary even tried to break free from his grasp, Mike let go and pulled the lever himself. They stood there, staring at the clear toilet water, for longer than either of them would have liked to admit. A dull pain in his chest made Gary realize that he had forgotten to breathe in that entire time. He took a deep breath and turned to Mike, who was chewing on his lower lip with such intensity that he was sure to draw blood at any moment now. \"That was a good thing we did just now, wasn't it?\" Gary shrugged \"R-recovery wise?\" Fuck. Why did words like that still feel heavy on his tongue? Mike turned to look at him like he had just realized he was there. \"I guess.\" He went back to chewing on his lip. \"Doesn't feel like a good thing, though. I feel shitty.\" With a sigh he walked out of the bathroom and back into the bedroom. He plunged on the bed on his stomach, making it creak under his weight. Gary was aware that they hadn't just had the same experience, Mike and him. Gary was an alcoholic, he barely ever used drugs. Well, maybe cocaine was the exception, but he never really used pills. He could even count with the fingers of one hand the number of times he had taken oxy. If Mike had found a bloody flask in his bag instead of some pills in his pockets, Gary probably wouldn't have been so chill about the whole thing. Gary had definitely felt tempted to take the oxy, but he couldn't even begin imagine how hard it must have been for Mike. He followed him into the bedroom and sat down on his own bed. \"Listen mate, just now when I said that we did a good thing? I shouldn't have said that; I didn't do shit. You did a good thing.\" Mike raised his head from his pillow and dedicated Gary a half smile. \"That's not true; you helped me out, didn't you? Even if it wasn't your thing I know it couldn't have been easy for you not to take them either. Shit, I would get high on anything they offered me right now; oxy, cough syrup, fucking gasoline…\" He buried his head into the pillow again and Gary could hear a suffocated groan coming from him. \"Yeah…\" Gary wasn't even sure what he was agreeing to. Gasoline didn't sound too bad right now, though. \"That's the thing I guess; you feel like you would cut your fingers off one by one for a hit, and yet just now you could have gotten one and you didn't. You didn't take the fucking pills; you threw them away even though you thought you'd kill for them.\" He swallowed with a bit of difficulty. Would he honestly turn down a drink right now if he could have one, just one, without anyone knowing? \"That's what we're aiming for, right? To stop killing ourselves for something we don't actually need? You just did that back there in the toilet. That's huge, man.\" Mike turned to lie on his side, and faced Gary with a little smile on his lips. \"Since when did you become such a sentimentalist, Gary?\" Gary may have gone a bit red on the cheeks. A pillow flew from his bed to Mike's face in a matter of seconds. \"Oi! Fucking ass!\" He crossed his arms over his chest. \"I'm not being a sentimentalist; I'm being fucking… supportive or something. But you can forget about that if you're going to be such a bloody asshole about it.\" He lay down on the bed, turning away from Mike, but couldn't contain a smile at the sound of his roommate's chuckles. \"Sorry, Gary, come on, don't be mad\" he said, still laughing. \"For that I'm getting your dessert tomorrow, that's all I'm gonna say. Now go the fuck to bed.\" \"Fine, fine.\" Mike agreed. Gary shook his head. He was really easy to manipulate, wasn't he? Wait. Hold on a minute. A second later Gary shot right out of bed and headed right for the toilet. \"What now, Gary?\" \"I still gotta take a piss.[Chapter 10] \"I'm sorry! What else was I supposed to say?\" Andy's voice sounded strained over the phone. Gary cursed under his breath and ran a hand through his hair. \"Not that I'm here! Couldn't you have made something up?\" He kept walking up and down the room as he spoke. \"She kept insisting, mate, she was worried as hell, I…\" There was a pause. \"She started crying, Gary; I didn't know what else to do.\" \"Fuck\" he said again, to no one in particular. He couldn't really blame Andy, now could he? She had been calling him to check on Gary ever since he took her call back in Newton Haven. It was only a matter of time till she figured out what was going on. Gary let out a sigh, his hand dragging down his face. \"She's definitely coming, then?\" It wasn't really a question. \"Tomorrow, yeah.\" Andy mimicked his sigh. \"Anyway, I thought I let you know.\" \"You could have told me earlier\" he said with a pout Andy couldn't really see. \"I can't call you, remember? I needed to wait until you called me.\" Gary didn't even bother to answer that. \"I can't believe you sold me out!\" \"She's your mum, Gary, all right? Not the bloody FBI.\" A groan from Gary interrupted him. \"Besides, this is a good thing you're doing, she'll be glad to see it happen.\" \"Oh, fuck off, Andy!\" he crossed an arm over his chest but kept holding the phone to his ear with the other. He didn't want to hang up just yet. \"I'll see you next week, Gary, all right? Sorry I told your mum you were in rehab.\" It sounded like something out of some sort of weird greetings card, Gary thought. \"Be nice to her, yeah?\" \"The fuck do you take me for, you bloody ass?\" He paused to consider his own words. \"…Fine. I'll try.\" Of course she was the first person to arrive. Of course. After a minute or so, Gary figured that I wouldn't do any good to keep covering his face and hiding behind the flowerpot on the reception desk, so he took a deep breath and walked over to her. When she saw him across the room she let out a surprised 'Oh!' and took a hand over her mouth. Gary thought he saw her eyes watering a bit. Great. He was standing opposite her sooner than he had expected. He suddenly realized he hadn't thought of anything to say. Somehow he managed some sort of tense looking smile and a 'Hey, mum.' Yep, she was crying all right. She stared at him with love ridden eyes for a second, both her hands crossed over her heart, as if she were seeing him for the very first time. Gary braced for the unavoidable hug that was bound to happen, but realized a bit too late that he had made a bit of a calculation error. He was pretty sure he had never been slapped so hard in his entire life. But as his head turned to the right in a perfect ninety degrees angle, he decided that he really had it coming. 'Oh, honey!' she shrieked as she put both her hands over her mouth this time. The hug he had been expecting came immediately after that. 'I never thought…' she said in between sobs 'I'd live to see the day…' Gary couldn't really make out what she said after that, so he just put his arms around her and let her cry on his shoulder for a bit. Gary was pretty sure if he wasn't the one to break the hug they would have stayed in that same spot forever. 'Mum? Do you wanna go sit down? I'll bring you some coffee.' By the time they were all set on one of the little tables in the next room ('we can't really stay on the reception hall all day, mum'), Gary's mum had calmed down significantly. She still kept putting her hand over his every two sentences and exclaiming 'You look so good, honey, so good!' every other minute, but it wasn't so bad. Gary was actually relieved a slap to the face was all retaliation he was getting; he clearly deserved a lot more. 'I brought you some stuff' she said, putting a huge bag on the table and beginning to take out its contents. 'I didn't really know what you needed exactly, so I brought a bit of everything.' 'Mum, I'm fine, really, I don't…' she started putting packages of what seemed to be brand new clothes and toiletries on his lap. 'I don't need any of this, mum! Mum! would you stop?' she didn't stop. 'And I bought you some pajamas!' she said in a squeakier than usual voice, as she displayed them to him. He was about to make a comment on them, something like \"I'm bloody forty years old and those have fucking ROCKETS on them\", but he decided against it. She just looked so happy. 'T-thanks…' he managed to stutter. Well, rockets were kind of cool if you thought about it. He could wear those… 'Oh, Gary, remember when you were little and you wanted to be an astronaut?' Oh, so that's what those were about, gotcha. 'Well, maybe now you can!' she added with a shrug and a dreamy smile. 'Yeah, maybe let's take it slow, mum, I don't think I'm quite there yet.' 'Right, sorry!' she made a dismissive gesture with her hand and dedicated him a smile. 'What do you want to do then, honey?' Oh, let's not go there. It was too bloody soon. 'Well...' He rubbed his cheek. She was waiting for an answer. 'I should get a job?' It was literally a question. 'I need a new car, so I'll need to make money somehow. And Andy said I could stay with him, but I'll have to chip in for food and all that stuff, you know?' He shrugged. 'So I guess I'll get on that as soon as I'm out of here.' Jesus Christ, it sounded so painfully boring. And he had left out the part where he had to figure out how to stay sober on top of doing all of that. It seemed close to impossible at the moment. But his mum nodded solemnly and seemed satisfied with his answer. He was so tired already, though. His mum visit had been nicer than he had expected, true, but it was only a matter of time till she started digging too deep. Gary wasn't ready to tell her some of the stuff he knew she needed to hear. They had wronged each other a lot. It would take time to make it better. 'I'm... Glad you came, mum. Really. It had been a while.' He tried not to fixate on the fact that the last time he had been in a hospital bed with his wrists slit in half. 'I'm glad to see you too, honey. And so much better... I'm proud.' Her eyes watered a bit again. 'I'll go visit you next time, yeah? When I'm out.' She just nodded again. Suddenly she stood up and hugged him across the table. Gary didn't think it was possible, but somehow this hug was even longer than the previous one. Eventually she broke it, but stood there a minute stroking his cheek. 'Um. Thanks for the stuff, mum. And for coming. I should get inside, though.' 'Of course, honey, of course.' She grabbed all her stuff and kissed him on the cheek before beginning to walk away. Then she turned. 'Gary? Please, try this time. Please try your best.' He managed to dedicate her a nod before she dashed through the door. 'Yeah, I'm trying' he whispered to himself. ","Summary":" \"Gary?\" Andy knocked on the door for the second time, and, once again, got no answer. He opened c"},{"Movie":"Poseidon","Title":"Ship Wave","Author":"Pacificson360","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12271148","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Notice: This fanfic is a work of fiction. Any references to real people, organizations, or events are unrelated. In addition, this fanfic contains anthropomorphic characters, adult language, and intense description of prolonged disaster and peril. All characters' names are purely coincidental. Do not read this aloud to underage children and is intended for mature audiences or readers. I'm not responsible for your reactions while reading this fanfic. If you're planning on going on a cruise? Please, do not read this before going! Chapter 1: Welcome Aboard December 28th, 2020. It's a sunny day in Long Beach, California. A great day to go out to the beach and to enjoy the warm winter sun. The New Year's Eve is coming up soon and tourist are spending the holidays on what Long Beach's sites of interest offers. A minivan taxi left from LAX Airport had just passed every of Long Beach's personal landmarks. It's driving its way through the freeway road to the Long Beach Cruise Terminal where a cruise ship is waiting for them. As it drives through, the taxi driver informs his four passengers—all four wearing Hawaiian shirts of different colors and wearing shorts. \"We're almost there Mr. and Mrs. Rycroft. The cruise terminal is just ahead.\" \"Great.\" Said the deep voice behind the taxi driver. The tiger-man in a red Hawaiian shirt looks upon his proud family. \"Everyone's feeling excited? Carolyn?\" Next to his seat a tiger-woman in a pink Hawaiian shirt, holds her husband's hand. \"Yes, Sylvester, we're all excited.\" She smiles and kisses her husband's cheek. Sylvester and Carolyn look further behind and see their two young children. One tiger-boy in a green Hawaiian shirt and jet-black messy hair all over his head, he's looking through the window of the early afternoon view. Next to him, a tiger-girl with long dark brown hair done with a ponytail and wearing a cyan shirt, she's holding her cellphone, tapping with her thumbs. \"Jett? Stephanie? How you kids feeling?\" Sylvester Rycroft said. The two siblings turned their heads up to their parents and replied. \"Just fine, Dad.\" 17-year-old Stephanie said with a smile. \"Jett?\" Rycroft turns to his 18-year-old son. His tired eyes stares at his father, he yawns before replying. \"Well, after a long flight from Miami and dealing with so many turbulence… I think this is gonna be worth it.\" He slightly grinned. He knew this was going to be a great vacation for his family. His father laughed. The yellow vehicle arrives the Long Beach Cruise Terminal, it was a large white dome structure that was visible from a distance. While getting closer, two ships appeared into view. Stephanie turns her left and sees through her brother's left side window and take a glimpse on one of the ships in port. \"Uh, Dad? Is that our ship we're going?\" Stephanie said, she was kind of puzzled. \"It looks kinda old fashioned.\" \"Hm, that ship doesn't look nothing like the one in the brochure.\" Carolyn said while looking through the window. \"What do you mean?\" Rycroft looks at it. This ship has a black hull. She had an impressive forward superstructure all in white with many curves. And on top of it, she has three funnels, painted in black and red. Rycroft had seen this ship before in pictures while planning their vacation. He quickly realized that's not their ship. \"That's not the Poseidon. \" \"That's the Queen Mary, Mr. Rycroft.\" The human taxi driver said. \"She's only now a floating hotel since 1971. She's now a common sight of Long Beach.\" He said, based on his knowledge. \"Don't worry, your ship is right in front of us.\" Rycroft turns back to his front view and behind the giant white dome terminal, there's a large ship bigger than the Queen Mary. She looked like a spaceship with those two funnels in a shape of a 747's vertical tail fin. The giant white dome building was in the way, so they didn't get a good glimpse of the ship. They have arrived at the terminal entrance, and unloaded their luggage from the taxi. Rycroft paid the fair and the family entered inside the terminal to check in. \"Ugh, we're right back from the beginning in Miami Airport.\" Stephanie said as she looks inside the terminal. \"A huge crowd of long lines and other lazy annoying security checks.\" And complained. \"We're almost there, Steph.\" Jett said and yawns. Their cruise liner, technically an ocean liner, that the Rycrofts are boarding is the MS Poseidon , a 165,000-gross-ton luxury ocean liner of the prestigious shipping company; Royal Trident Lines. She's now preparing her 16-night cruise to the beautiful Aloha State. Poseidon was used to sail transatlantic crossings between New York and Southampton in the North Atlantic, but she was replaced by her twin sister ship the MS Triton . So Poseidon was placed to sail transpacific crossings between Yokohama and San Francisco or Seattle in the summers and cruises in the winter such as: Mexican Riviera, South America, Asia, Australia and other special around the world cruises. Onboard the Hotel Queen Mary, a young Hispanic human is checking out before checking in to the other ship docked in port. Looking smartly dressed in an orange button shirt and khakis. \"Thank you for staying on board the Queen Mary, Mr. Marrero. And have a nice day.\" Said the dog-woman behind the reception desk. \"Thank you.\" Replied the Hispanic human. He picked up his suitcase and exited from the gangway. No need for any use of transportation, just walking will be enough to get there. While on his way, the 27-year-old traveler hears his phone ringing, he picks it up from his pocket, looks at the image of who is calling and he smiles. \"Hey, Tiago, what's up?\" He said in Spanish. \"Hey, Rico, how's it going? Are you already onboard?\" It's his 16-year-old cousin from Puerto Rico. \"Yeah, I'm just about to board. What are you, curious?\" \"Yeah, just curious to know.\" \"I wished you could've come, but sadly, you have to spend your New Year's Eve and Día de los Reyes with a broken leg.\" Rico said. \"That's okay, Rico. You can send us some pictures while online. I bet you find a nice girl while onboard.\" Tiago said. \"Oh, please.\" Rico blushes when he said that. Then he bumped into something, looses his foot and falls. \"Aargh!\" The sound of luggage crashing into another luggage, Ricardo \"Rico\" Marrero was all over the floor. \"Ay coño...\" He grunted. \"Are you alright, young man?\" A dark tanned dog-man said and lend him a hand. \"Sorry, I wasn't looking while I was talking on the phone. Did I broke anything?\" He said in English as he stands up. \"No, everything's fine.\" The shepherd dog-man said. \"Just don't leave your cellphone behind.\" He points to the floor where a black rectangular and flat object with a half eaten apple logo in it. \"Oh, thanks. Sorry about that, sir.\" Rico said. \"It's all right.\" The Puerto Rican takes his luggage and picks his phone and continues talking his cousin and enters the terminal. \"That guy is clumsier that I am, Dad.\" A very young voice said next to the older dog-man. \"Sasha, please, accident happens.\" Joshua Parkinson said to his 10-year-old son. \"Come on, let's get going.\" \"Are we gonna see Mom in Hawaii?\" Sasha said. \"Yes, she's on a business trip in Honolulu and our ship is gonna take us there.\" Parkinson smiles and ruffles his son's dark-brown hair between his two pointed ears. This makes Sasha's tail wags a lot. He's really excited. Inside the terminal, there was a lot of people either human of different races or anthropomorphic of different species (beast-men being commonly referred). There was a huge mix of chattering everywhere around. The Rycrofts are waiting in line like the rest of everyone else in here. \"You got all of our passports and boarding passes, right, Sylvester?\" Carolyn said to her husband. \"Yes, right here, Carolyn.\" Sylvester said and shows all four US passports of each tiger member. \"Very well, then.\" She said and relaxes, and adjust her sun hat. \"Jett, are you feeling well?\" Stephanie asks. \"Yeah, I'm fine. Just tired.\" He then yawns wide open, showing his four sharp fangs. They took an early non-stop flight for five long hours and Jett is now completely \"Jett lagged\". Yes, pun intended. \"Don't worry, Jett, you'll get some sleep when we get onboard.\" Stephanie said. She's always so caring to her older brother. \"Can't wait…\" Jett yawns again and stretches his black-striped arms. After waiting in line and it's their turn to check in and hand over the boarding passes and passports at the reception desk. They gave away their luggages where they will soon find it in their cabins once the ship set sails. Ahead from the Rycrofts, a group of three lions are walking through the long gangway, exiting from the dome terminal, they got a wide view of both sides of the gangway of the 1,250 ft long ship. \"So, this is the Poseidon ? What a ship.\" Said the young and handsome Russell Westwood, but everyone calls him Red by his impressive red mane which is near developed, but still had his spiky hair he had since a teenager. He's traveling along with his girlfriend, Gwen Kershaw, and her father Lionel Kershaw. \"This is only the beginning of our trip, Red.\" Gwen said and holds her hand with Red's. \"Come on, Dad, don't get behind.\" She said to her father. \"Right behind you, darling.\" He replied to his daughter, he's quite mild mannered. He had a full grown brown mane than Russell's and he's more taller as an adult is. Like most passengers who are boarding, they are wearing Hawaiian shirts. He's wearing the biggest he could find at the store. Not that he's fat, he's bulky and strong as a former fireman. Back in the midst of the crowd of the up coming 2,700 passengers in the terminal. A group of college students from Newport, Rhode Island arrived with their luggages. This isn't some kind of trip planned by the academy program, but the students themselves. Spencer Stevens proposed his fellow classmates or roommates to spend the New Year's Eve in warm weather. The bear-man's father has relations with the cruise line to afford a lower stateroom category. \"I don't think this wasn't what we had in mind, Spencer.\" Said the human girl, Christine McCarty. \"I thought Dad booked us into a conjoined balcony cabin.\" Said Spencer after reading the boarding pass. \"He booked us into an inside cabin.\" \"I guess your father didn't want you, nor us, to overspend the trip.\" Said the beagle dog-girl, Pricilla Forrest. \"What's a 'inside cabin'?\" Said the lynx-man, Royce Wakeman. \"They're cabins without a window, Royce.\" Said the young human, Isaac Coates. \"Are you saying that there's no view out the open?\" Said the cheetah-girl, Megan Swift. \"Ugh, no fair!\" \"Sorry, guys, that's all I can do.\" Said the bear-man. \"Let's get onboard.\" \"Pricilla, where is your cousin?\" Megan asked. \"Right here!\" Younger than the rest of them, 16-year-old Clover Forrest, a beagle dog-girl, carries her own suitcase with a glaring look at her close relative. \"I can't believe you leaved me alone with the cab driver.\" \"Sorry, cuz, but we have to check in.\" Pricilla claimed her excuse. Clover growled under her breath. Rico Marrero just checked-in and climbed the automatic stairs and made it to the exit gangway that leads to the ship, and ignores or didn't noticed the photographer nor the women dressed in native traditional clothing, holding colorful flower necklaces for the passengers. \"Te hablo después, ya estoy abordando.\" Rico hung up the phone and continue on, until he got another call. \"Hey, sir! Don't you want a…\" The photographer saw the Puerto Rican moving, he's still holding the phone and speaking Spanish, and heads directly to the ship. Not sure if he was in a mood but he let him go, and is not mandatory though. The beautiful Hawaiian girls gave the Rycrofts Hawaiian necklace leis flowers on their necks. The first taste that they're already in Hawaii. The photographer saw the four tigers and they stepped behind the small railing with a life ring with the capital letters, POSEIDON, around the white circle and the center shows the cruise line's signature trident logo. \"Smile to the camera!\" A flash followed. The tiger family together smiles for their first day of the cruise photo. They will get the photos at the ship's gallery or photo shop. Then came the two dog shepherds, Joshua and Sasha next. \"Come here, boy. Smile to the camera!\" Joshua said and picks Sasha up, the short-length railing was in Saha's way, he's kind of short than his age really is. Joshua is still strong enough to lift his son. After the flash, the two walk through the gangway. Sasha gets a sight of the huge ocean liner. Her hull painted in a dark gray color scheme while the rest of her upper superstructure is white. Her two tall funnels are painted plainly in black and white, each one shares the same blue trident logo. \"This ship is huge!\" Cried Sasha. \"You haven't seen enough, yet.\" His father said. When they reached the entrance of deck 3, a well dressed bellboy stands by and welcomes them. \"Welcome aboard the Poseidon.\" The man said. The first thing that passengers see when boarding is the ship's art décor-style, ten-story-high atrium, it's an incredible sight. Shining down the tall place is an inside dome with LED lights simulating the sky with clouds. Elegant twin staircases coming down to the first floor, but the most eye-catching is a 30 foot tall statue of the ship's namesake, standing proudly and holding up his trident. On the aft side of the lobby, between the two glass elevators, there's an opening that leads to a long center line promenade which is two decks high with many amenities: tax-free shops, variety of restaurants and bars and more, it's a huge mall-like place. For a more lovely touch of welcoming, a string quartet band plays near by the statue. \"Let's find our cabin, Sasha.\" Said his father. \"Then, we can have a tour around the ship.\" \"Okay!\" Sasha cheerfully replied. The Rycrofts took the glass elevator as it lifts upwards, the tiger family wows when they view the atrium from deck 2 to their respective floor, deck 10. Then, they walk through an endless hallway with doors on both sides. \"A big ship like this one you're gonna get lost by just one step.\" Sylvester said. \"Oh, that's ridiculous, Sylvester.\" Carolyn said. Jett then yawned. \"I would kill for a coffee right now.\" \"You could've slept during the flight.\" His father recommend. \"How?! There was a turbulence, a crying baby and they ran out of coffee!\" Jett crankily said. \"Jett, calm down!\" His mother said. \"You'll get some sleep when we get to our stateroom.\" \"Here we are.\" Sylvester said and he inserts his keycard through the flat keyhole, following a beep and a little green light, the door opens and revealing a comfortable royal family suite stateroom with a king-size bed for two people and another room for two people with separated beds. The four tigers steps inside the lovely room of their sojourn. \"Well, I didn't see this coming.\" Stephanie said and drops her pink backpack. \"You booked us a royal suite?\" Her father chuckles. \"I told you I was going to surprised you all.\" \"Oh, look it that.\" Carolyn said and she picks a note from a basket filled with fruits and a sparkling champagne placed on a table. \"Our travel agent sent us a gift-basket. That's so nice. Let's sent her an email.\" \"Well, that's great—where's the bed?\" Jett said abruptly and goes through the door that leads to the other cabin, Stephanie follows him and Jett throws his gray backpack on the bed (confirming his sleeping territory), takes off his tennis shoes and leaps on the bed, resting flat on his back and begins to snore, Stephanie sighed of looking at his brother's complicated demeanor of sleeping. \"Mom, Dad.\" Stephanie called out. \"Jett is asleep.\" \"Leave him be, Stephanie.\" Her father said. \"So, where are the suitcases?\" Stephanie came back to the small living room. \"They haven't brought it, yet.\" Carolyn said. \"Everything all right in your cabin?\" A steward said, he walked by and noticed the door opened and thought he should check, he's a red fox-man wearing his uniform. \"Yes, but our luggages isn't here.\" Carolyn said. \"No worries, I'm sure your luggages will be here soon.\" The fox-man said with a smile. \"If there's anything you need? Please, don't hesitate to ask. I'm steward Kameron Foxley. And you all must be the Rycrofts, is a pleasure to meet you all.\" \"Nice to meet you, Foxley.\" Said Sylvester. \"Everything's fine now we can handle from here.\" \"Alright, but let me let you know that the muster drill will be this afternoon. Have a great getaway.\" The fox-man said and leaves the room. \"Thank you.\" The husband and wife said in unison. \"Oh, wow! We got view over here!\" Stephanie slides the glass door and takes a look at the balcony. The stateroom is facing the starboard side of the ship, and the temporal sight is the port terminal and the permanently docked Queen Mary. Two decks down on deck 8. A simple balcony stateroom's door opens, a wolf-man and a blonde-haired human walks in and place their backpacks in the beds and looks around their booked room. Is simply decorated in modern style along with the art décor. \"Nice.\" Said the gray wolf-man and takes off the Hawaiian flowers. \"Ryder, I ever thought you'd do all this trouble.\" Said the wolf-man's significant other. \"Don't worry about it, Kale, is already done. So enjoy our vacation.\" Said Ryder Wolfson and rests on the bed with his hands behind his head and relaxes. \"Oh, alright.\" Sighed Kale Summers and walks to the balcony, slides the door and… \"Uh… Ryder?\" \"Yeah?\" He turns his head to his right. \"Remember when you said that we were gonna have a nice view out the ocean?\" \"Uh-huh.\" \"There's a lifeboat in the way.\" He flatly stated. \"What?\" Ryder stands up and walks to Kale at the balcony, and sees an orange boat blocking their view. There's not even a peak to see the ocean. \"Ooh… No wonder the cabin was on a cheap price.\" Ryder realized. Kale laughs. \"Don't worry, we're not the only ones with a blocked view.\" On the same deck, there's a row of orange lifeboats blocking every balcony cabin their way. Some passengers already knew that they have booked a cheaper stateroom with an obstructed view. While others, like Ryder, they didn't know that their cabin is obstructed. These lifeboats belongs to deck 7; the promenade deck. The boats are each supported by a pair of cranes, also known as davits. The davits extends from the side of the ship and lower the boat away when an unlikely event happens. The boats are placed 82ft above the waterline. The maritime law is by 49ft, but because Poseidon is a purpose-built ocean liner, the naval architects convinced the maritime safety officials to give a high exception to protect from harmful weather conditions when the ship is at sea. The cruise director, Joyce Blake, is expecting the up coming honeymoon season onboard the Poseidon. There will be 30 newly-weds couples onboard for their dream honeymoon cruise. The light tanned rabbit-woman is prepared for the challenge based on her previous experiences. Her job is serious, she takes care of scheduling entertainments, and the officer in charge of entertainment staff, some public announcements, and importantly: supervising safety drills for both passenger and crew. She walks to the lobby at the reception desk and picks the public announcement phone. It first follows a deep but softly 'Ding-Dong' so passengers and crew knows there's going to be a public announcement. Ms. Blake speaks, her sweet toned voice echoes around the ship. \" Ladies and gentlemen, girls and boys. Welcome the first day of the cruise aboard the Poseidon. This is your cruise director, Joyce Blake. In a matter of two hours the muster drill will be this afternoon, but before all that, enjoy the ship's buffet and the available bars. All pools are in maintenance and it won't be in use until tomorrow. And I will repeat: the muster drill will be this afternoon before departure. Thank you .\" She hangs up. When she finished, she sees Sidney Jennings, an Afro-American steward, and walking along with him is an unfamiliar face. \"Ms. Blake! There you are!\" He waves and shouts. \"Mr. Jennings, where have you been?\" \"Good question.\" Jennings said. \"Remember you were short on dancers?\" \"Yes…?\" She looks at the girl next to Jennings. \"And let me guest, you got me one.\" \"Yeah, this is my friend, Lani Kawena.\" He introduced. \"Lani, this is Joyce Blake, the cruise director.\" \"Nice to meet you, Ms. Blake.\" The Hawaiian girl said. Joyce looks at her and she's only caring a backpack. More like light travel. \"So, you dance?\" She said. \"Yes, I have taken hula lessons when I was a teenager back in Honolulu.\" Lani said. \"I see…\" Joyce said. \"Ms. Blake, in private?\" Sidney said. \"Of course.\" Lani leave the two alone and sits on a seat at the lobby. \"Why do you brought her here?\" Joyce said. \"You said you were short on Hawaiian dancers, right? So, I knew a friend who had some lessons.\" \"And your other reason?\" She raises an eyebrow. Sidney sighed. \"She just wants to go back to Honolulu, she couldn't afford a plane ticket. That's all.\" \"And you're doing this for a friend, right?\" Sidney nods. \"Oh, alright. Miss Kawena?\" She calls. \"Yes?\" She stands up from her seat. \"Come with me so we could make some arrangements. In other worlds, you're hired.\" \"Oh! Thank you!\" Lani cried happily. While passengers are searching their staterooms by walking these endless hallways. Two newly-weds couples who are among the 30 expecting honeymooners, found their respective cabin they have booked. \"Here we are, Mr. and Mrs. Maxwell, the Trident Suite.\" Said Foxley the steward. Leading the cat couple and opens the door. The two stepped in, their stateroom is actually a loft suite. The balcony is facing aft overlooking the back of the ship with a view of one of the ship's 5 pools. Their bedroom and bathroom is on the second level with a staircase. The first level occupies just the living room, dining table, and the small kitchen. \"How lovely.\" Said the gray furred cat-woman, Zoey Maxwell. \"And me saying it was small.\" \"Don't underestimate the pictures to fool you.\" Said her husband, Killian Maxwell. \"Thank you for helping, Mr. Foxley.\" The black-and-white cat-man thanked the fox-man. \"Is a pleasure. And now if you all excuse me, I'll let you both settle and enjoy your honeymoon.\" Foxley said and leave the newlyweds and closes the door. An exciting scream from Zoey followed and runs to her husband and embraces him. Killian was expecting this from his wife. \"Oh, Killian, I can't believe we're really here!\" Zoey cried. \"Well, believe it. Because we're away from our in-laws and we're by ourselves with no interruptions, baby!\" Killian said. Hawaii is one of the most popular destinations for honeymoon seekers. The islands are known for its white sand beaches and its traditional luau celebrations. Its active volcanoes. Their friendly native people. Its origin of surfing and its famous large waves. And what was once known as a kingdom of monarchy which was took away by the US as what had become known today as the State of Hawaii. Up on the bridge on deck 12, there's very little to do until the drill and departure. Some of the officers are checking the weather forecast before crossing the ocean. The polar bear officer, the raccoon officer and the husky dog-man officer are discussing the ship's course. \"There's nothing to worry about,\" said the polar bear, First Officer Snowdon. \"We'll have a clear, calmed seas this crossing.\" \"Let's just hope,\" said Second Officer Greyson, the raccoon-man, \"'cause there's a storm in the South Pacific.\" \"Humph, like its going to reach us. Greyson, just focus on our planned course in the Mid-Pacific.\" Said the black-and-white husky, Chief Officer Nadir. \"Captain on the bridge!\" Third Officer Holmes said when an albatross bird-man came to the bridge. The crew member with the highest rank walks by and greets his men. All in uniform. \"Good afternoon, gentlemen.\" Said Captain Sterling Whiteford, with a British accent. He's holding a cup of tea with small plate under it. \"Good afternoon, Captain.\" Said a few officers near him. \"Now then, in about an hour, we're going to start the muster drill for our new passengers before we can start our departure at 4:30 PM. I want all of you be prepared without a hitch.\" \"Yes, sir.\" Second Officer Grayson said. \"Aye, sir.\" First officer Snowdon said. \"So, how's the weather in the Pacific?\" Captain said. \"It's clear and calm for our course, sir.\" Chief Officer Nadir said. \"Good…\" Captain Whiteford gladly said. The British skipper, who had relieved the previous captain of Poseidon. Whiteford used to command Poseidon's twin sister ship Triton a few months back. Royal Trident Lines' officials made some adjustments after introducing a new cruise ship, the Aphrodite, which they wanted Poseidon's previous captain and to be replaced by Captain Whiteford. Of course he's familiar with the Poseidon since her workings are the same as her sister ship. And also familiar with some of the crew like Oscar Snowdon (the polar bear) and Ryan Greyson (the raccoon) from working with them on different ships under the Royal Trident Lines' service. As far as he knows they got a quite of a rivalry which Chief Officer Nadir agreed they've known each other for a long time since maritime academy. Poseidon, named after the god of the seas of Greek mythology, she was launched in 2014. She and her sister ship share the title of the largest ocean liners in the world. With the finest technologies available, she's the safest ship up to date and built to stand the roughest weather conditions of the world's oceans. She's equipped with four state-of-the-art azimuth thrusters under her stern. The two at the front are fixed and only provide propulsion while the other two at the back can rotate three-hundred-and-sixty degrees and helps to maneuver the ship. Four needed stabilizers; are fins that extends from the hull below the waterline to keep the ship from rolling side to side. Four hollowed holes behind the bulbous bow are the bow thrusters, inside on each hollowed cylinders are one propeller pod. With the help with the aft propellers and the bow thrusters, the ship can perform a good three-hundred-and-sixty degrees spin on either port or starboard. She's powered by four diesel engines, with two additional gas turbines used when extra power is needed; this give the ship to produce power and as well as powering the ship's hotel services. With all that power, Poseidon can cruise with a maximum speed of 33-knots, but since she's on a pleasure voyage her speed is much relaxed with her normal service speed of 26-knots. \"And one more thing, Mr. Nadir.\" Captain Whiteford said to Chief Officer. \"Just because we're only sailing to Hawaii, we're also be docking in Ensenada as our last call.\" \"Aye-aye, sir.\" Chief Officer Nadir replied. Poseidon is flying the British flag, a foreigner ship for the United States, the Passenger Vessel Services Act of 1886 does not allow a foreign-flagged ship to transport between U.S. ports. To satisfy the law they must visit a foreigner port, for this case, they will be visiting Ensenada, Mexico – the last port of call of the 16-night itinerary before coming back to Long Beach. If not following the law, the fine is $300 USD per passenger. Her port of registry is Hamilton, however, she used to be registered for Southampton. The company changed it so they can provide and host weddings onboard. But this voyage there are no weddings events being held, but there might be some surprising marriage proposals while onboard. The Kershaws and Westwood are settling in their Master Suite stateroom on deck 12, facing the port side. Since they're three of them, Lionel is sleeping the master room and Gwen and Russell together in the other part of the room. \"Everything fine in your room, Dad?\" Gwen said to her father. \"Yes, just fine, only bigger.\" The bed he's sleeping is bigger than where Gwen and Red are sleeping. \"How's your bedroom?\" \"Same as this one, but smaller.\" The lioness said. \"Hey, I really appreciate this trip for us, I doubted at first that you'll invite Red over, but thank you.\" \"Well, he's your boyfriend, after all. I'd feel bad if I didn't invite him over.\" \"Well, I'm glad you did, 'cause this trip is going to be very special for us.\" Gwen smiled. \"Hey, Gwen, can you help me over here?\" Red called out. \"Coming!\" She replied. The young lioness walks up to the following door of the Master Suite to where Red is. He puts away his large dark-green suitcase under the bed. Just as he sees Gwen entering in. \"What is it, Red?\" When they started dating, Gwen wasn't used to calling him as Red and formally called him by his first name. However, time went by and felt comfortable with it. \"You know, I'm pretty surprised when you told me we're going on this cruise after...\" Red closes the door quietly for privacy. \"...after I proposed you.\" And whispered. \"I wasn't expecting this too, you know.\" Gwen said. \"Dad, was planning this trip without telling me.\" \"Oh, it wasn't you then.\" Red said. \"So, you said you'll do the talking, right?\" \"Uh-huh, so, uh, did you say this to your parents?\" \"They're taking it excitedly.\" Red chuckles. \"Mom and Dad thought we escalated quickly when I told them I'm going on a cruise with you without the wedding and skipping to the honeymoon!\" The two engaged couples laughs. Several decks down on deck 9, Sasha Parkinson explores the penthouse suite stateroom. A cabin suite for four people. These cabins are located between deck 9, and 10. Soon Mrs Parkinson will join up with her husband and son for the cruise until the ship docks in Hilo. The little dark-tanned dog-boy couldn't stop staring the view from the balcony, facing port side, and hoping to see their ship leaving port. \"When we will be leaving, Dad?\" He turn his head to his father who is settling their belongings in the drawers. \"Soon, Sasha. Soon.\" Said his father as he closes one drawer. \"But first, we must wait for the muster station before we can do anything.\" \"Why we have to do that first?\" \"Is mandatory, son. Let's just stay here for now, okay?\" \"Fine.\" He groaned and lies on the couch. So much for excitement while boarding the ship, and now his father changes their plans. He sometimes doesn't get his father's ways of organizing the activities than his mother does. Sasha fetches his iPod player from his pocket, puts the earbuds on and hears his favorite pop music. While listening, he looks at the coffee table in front of him and sees a folded up card with the trident logo, picks it up and unfolds it. The card shows a silhouetted shape of the ship with blue-and-white stripes, and the deck plans. The liner has 14 passenger decks accessible. Curious, he wonder if he can find their stateroom they are in. While looking, his father picks his cellphone and answers... Is his wife. \"Claire, how you doing?… Yes, we just boarded and Sasha is really excited… What's wrong?...\" A long explanation from his wife followed, one solid detail was enough to surprise a grown married man. \"W-what!\" He cried but abruptly covers his mouth and dark-brown muzzle. He looks at Sasha to his right, listening music and reading the ship's map. \"Really?... That's wonderful!... Should I… No?... Okay… Uh-huh… well… I love you too and Happy New Year...\" He hangs up. Sasha noticed his father's tail waging like crazy. Why he's excited about? This is the first time he sees his father's tail moving like that. Is he excited about the cruise? How should he know? The lower decks of the international crew works tirelessly to keep the ship running at tip-top. After the arrangement, Jennings takes the new dancer member to her room where she will stay in, she'll be sharing with other dancers. \"Here we go, Lani. This is where you're staying.\" Sidney said. \"Thank you so much, Sid. I don't know what I will do without you.\" Lani smiles. \"No problem. Maybe next time, don't overdo your money while traveling.\" \"Don't worry, I learned my lesson.\" \"Did you called your family that you're on your way?\" \"Yes, I even told them I'm traveling for work.\" She stated. \"Alright, just to be sure. Uh, the girls will show you the ropes. I'm sure you'll do fine.\" He gestures the three occupants in the small cabin for four. \"Thanks again!\" Lani waves to Sidney as he leaves. The public announcement jingles and a male voice with a British accent speaks to the passengers. \" Attention all passengers. This is Officer Kennedy speaking. Please listen carefully for the following instructions. It's important to listen this entire announcement. At the end of this announcement. You will hear the general alarm which is seven short blast and followed by one long blast and then you will proceed to your assembly stations. Your assembly station number can be found in your stateroom keycard. It is also located on your lifejacket and the safety information card behind your stateroom door. Please bring your stateroom keycard with you. The assembly stations are on the promenade deck on deck seven. Signs will guide you to the assembly stations, in addition, crew members acting as stairway guides are located in all staircases just to help direct you. Do not use the elevators. During a real emergency, the elevators may not be in service. If you require special assistance to your assembly station? Please tell either a stairway guide at the stairway landing or a member of our assistance team, and they will help you. Lifejackets are not required to be worn at this drill. Smoking, eating, drinking, using cellphones or other electronic and entertainment devices is prohibited during the drill. Please, do not bring beverages or food or any kind to your assembly station. Thank you for your attention and cooperation and please stand by for the ship's emergency general alarm .\" BEEP! BEEP! BEEP! BEEP! BEEP! BEEP! BEEP! BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP! \"Stephanie, can you wake up Jett?\" Her father gave her a favor. \"Okay.\" Stephanie walks to where her brother is taking a nap. \"Jett, wake up!\" Stephanie cried. \"Not now... five more minutes.\" He mumbles. She sighs, she grabs his tail and gave him a pull, he wakes up with pain. \"Yow!\" \"Wake up! Nap time's over!\" \"What is wrong with you?\" Jett in pain and rubs his behind. \"Let's go, they want us on deck.\" She said. The four tigers left their stateroom. On deck 4, the college students just left from their cabin to their assembly station. They don't seem to be pleased about it after a stewardess insist them with care to assist the drill immediately. \"Why is this mandatory?\" Said Priscilla. \"If we don't assist it, they would kick us out.\" Said Clover. \"Why that sassy stewardess was threatening us?\" Said Royce. \"She wasn't threatening us.\" Said Clover. \"She was just informing us.\" \"Pretty much the same, though, it would be shameful and wasteful if they kicks us out.\" Said Megan Swift. \"Same here…\" Said Christine. \"We could've been in real trouble.\" \"Safety first and vacation second.\" Said Spencer. \"Whatever, we're only doing this once, and then we're back at our vacation!\" Said Isaac. In less than thirty minutes, passengers gathered the promenade deck to their assembly stations on deck 7. A few awkwardly passengers worn a lifejacket, which wasn't necessary for this drill. It was kind of crowded for the guest, but they must wait for instructions from the crew. Joyce Blake the cruise director was asked by a first-timer passenger about a possible man overboard volunteers. There's no such things as stupid questions, though. But Joyce simply replied with a corrective answer. Just finally, Captain Whiteford's voice echoes throughout the ship. He gave a short speech to his new passengers and a short instruction of how to wear a lifejacket. And then after a little while, the muster drill is over and now the passengers are now free to start their vacation! Is 4:20 PM. They got ten minutes for departure. Captain Whiteford and his fellow officers are preparing to set sail. Third Officer Moira Holmes, the only female officer on the bridge, just checked the ship's manifest. \"All passengers aboard, sir.\" She said to the skipper. There are 3,800 passengers and crew onboard. \"Captain, we're cleared for departure.\" Sixth Officer Kennedy said. \"Yeah? Well, let's get this lady going.\" He picks up his walkie-talkie and speaks from his beak. \"Mooring lines released?\" \"Mooring lines released, Captain.\" Said from the people on the pier. Releasing the mooring lines from the bollards. The moorings retrieves back to the ship through small hatches, like spaghetti being inhaled back through the nose. The ship's horn blares out as her final call. All ashore is going ashore. Passengers of vast diversities aligned on the railings on the opened decks to see one last sight of Port of Long Beach. Poseidon parts away from the pier gently without any help of tugboats. The four powerful propeller pods start to push the mighty giantess forward ahead as her sharp dark-gray bow moves directly south-westwards. For ship enthusiasts, this is an epic sight. The modern-day Poseidon and the historic liner from the golden age Queen Mary are met at last. Now is time to part ways. \"Mr. Snowdon, see any trucks?\" Captain Whiteford asked. \"Huh, not this morning, sir.\" The polar bear-man replied. \"I like that.\" The avian albatross nodded gladly. \"Great day to sail, huh?\" \"Yes, sir.\" Officer Snowdon agreed. The sun sets in on the pacific's horizon as the ship follows the golden disc. Passengers will have their unforgettable 16-night Hawaiian leisure cruise.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: Shipboard Encounters It's the second day; December 29th, 2020. A fresh sea day aboard the Poseidon. Cruising the mighty Pacific Ocean on her way to her first port of call: Hilo, Hawaii; the largest island of the state. She won't arrive there until the sixth day of her journey at 10:00 AM. Then stopping other islands such as Kahului, Maui; Honolulu, Oahu (the state's capital); Kailua-Kona, Hawaii; and Nawiliwili, Kauai. Then crossing north-eastwards to Ensenada, Mexico to satisfy the U.S. law since she's flying the British flag. The breeze is chilling and breezy. For early risers, it's a good morning for jogging on deck seven; the promenade deck. Two tigers in their sport clothes, stretching their limbs for warm up. It's been quite a while for Jett to spend some time with his father, and he thought this is a good way to start. Only because his father came back home from an early retirement from the Navy last Christmas. \"Still feeling jet lagged, huh, Jett?\" Said Sylvester. No intentions. \"No, I'm good.\" He twist his torso left and right. Not even bothered. \"So… I haven't asked…\" Sylvester started. \"What's up?\" \"Your mother told me you've retired from your career, is that true?\" \"Yeah,\" Jett sighed, \"it's over.\" \"I'm very sorry to hear that, son.\" He said. \"Did you have a hard time?\" \"Yes, I've had a tough semester. I hardly spoke with anyone in school. Everyone practically hates me. Well, not everyone though. Just… Everything changed when I came back to Miami.\" He takes some breath and continues. \"Listen Dad, I… When you came back home. I felt kind of better to see you again and I wanted to spend time with you on this trip. It's really been a long time, Dad.\" Jett calmly said. His honest words. Sylvester's surprised to hear this from his own son. He couldn't figure out what to say on his own words, but… instead, he patted his son's upper back and smiles. \"Hey, cheer up. A nice jog would do well for you.\" \"Alright.\" Jett replied. The two started to jog together through the wooden covered deck and lifeboats overhead. Everywhere they go, there's always a view of the blue horizon. After seeing the two for a second time while they're running. A blonde woman in her thirties, taking a chilling morning at her balcony stateroom from one deck above, spared from lifeboat obstruction. Peering down, she noticed one of the tiger-men, the younger one. She took off her big round stylish sunglasses to have a better look, there's no doubts… It's him. \"Hmm, I've never thought I'd get to meet him in person.\" She said. \"Hmm, I wonder…\" She leaves from the railing and walks away with no alarm, enters inside the stateroom. She looks the other separated bed with an occupant… He's still sleeping… Well, it's still morning. \"You're still asleep?\" She mutters. She shakes his shiny-black-furred shoulder. \"Malcolm, wake up!\" She shouts. \"W-what?\" He mumbles. The shirtless Rottweiler dog-man stands up his upper body and rubs his eyes, yawns and stretches. \"What is it, Portia?\" Portia Matthews chuckles. \"Get your things, I think we have work to do.\" And smirks. \"Work?\" Malcolm Robertson raises his eyebrow. \"On my vacation? Oh, hell naw!\" \"Oh, come on. It'll be fun. You'll see.\" Portia assures. In just three laps around the encircling deck, Jett and Sylvester finished one mile. Exhausted, sweaty and smelly, the two are panting for breath. Were they were racing each other? Like everyday fatherhood, one day, your son would beat you in your everyday activities. \"Damn… you're a lot faster.\" Sylvester said between huffs. \"That felt great! Looks like your son just beat ya!\" Said Jett. \"What's wrong? Getting old?\" Wishing he didn't hear that, Sylvester recovers and replies, \"I'm 38. I'm too young to be a grandfather, you know.\" \"Heh, that's only the beginning.\" Jett smirks. \"Whatever, let's go back to our cabin, Jett.\" \"Roger that.\" Awaked by the excitement, little Sasha Parkinson tries to wake up his sleeping father. Their penthouse's windows is naturally lighted by the morning sun. The little pup dresses himself and climbs over where his father is sleeping, anxious to get him up. \"Dad! Wake up! Wake up!\" He cried and shoves his father's large body with his small furry hands. Joshua mumbles. \"Not now, kids, give me ten minutes.\" And turns his back to Sasha. \"Dad, come on! I want to eat breakfast and Mom is not going to cook, you know, because she's not here!\" \"Not now, Charlie…\" Joshua mumbles again. \"Dad!\" He shouts. \"If only I could use the ship's horn.\" And mutters. \"Come on! Wake up!\" He shouts louder. Then Joshua extends a hand and taps Sasha's head between his ears like hitting the seven-o-clock wake up alarm. It kind of hurts. Must be his habit of hitting that piece of junk for all his life. \"Ow!\" He cried. \"Huh…?\" He raises his head and sees his son rubbing his head. \"Sasha?\" \"Finally, you're awake! I'm hungry!\" \"Sorry, kiddo.\" He stands up and yawns, stretches and scratches the back of his head. \"Get dressed, Sasha. I'm gonna take a shower.\" \"I already did.\" He's wearing a green t-shirt, white shorts and tennis shoes. \"Oh, alright.\" He yawns. \"Hey, who's Charlie?\" Sasha asked. \"Who?\" He looks really tired and puzzled, he scratches one of his pointed ears. \"You were talking in your sleep and I don't have a friend named Charlie.\" He stated. \"…\" Really, who's Charlie? Joshua is silenced. Where did that come from? \"Dad, who's Charlie?\" Sasha continues, he's curious. \"Oh! Uh, I don't know, but, I kind of like that name.\" He said. \"But you named me Sasha, and my middle name is Skyler.\" He points it out. \"Are you seeing someone?\" \"Sasha!\" He burst out. What kind of kid says something like that!? \"Just asking.\" \"I wouldn't do something like that, Sasha, and don't say such-things like that.\" He strictly said. Sasha apologized. Jett and Sylvester came back to their stateroom, once inside, Stephanie is brushing her hair in front of the mirror and Carolyn is reading the shore excursions while they're in their way to Hilo. There was a lot to do on those islands. From snorkeling to parasailing activities to choose from. \"Oh, you're both here.\" Carolyn said. \"How was your run?\" \"It was breeze.\" Sylvester said. \"More like stinky breeze.\" Stephanie said and flaps her hand. \"Hurry up, you two. You both need a shower.\" Jett places his hands on his waist and grins at her. \"Looks who's Mom?\" \"Oh, cut it out, Jett.\" On deck 12, the buffet restaurant is a favorite place for passengers for those who don't want to be served by a waiter and they just want to be served for themselves. Usually is more packed at breakfast and lunch than dinner times. From cereal bowls to delicious pancakes you can choose from. Passengers waiting in line to order their omelet or sandwiches with everything on it. And others carrying a plate and stop by every stall what offers for breakfast. An ice sculpture of the cruise line's trident logo is the first thing you see when entering in the café and welcomed by a steward whom repeatedly saying to their guests: \"Welcome the Seaside Café!\" Over and over again but it does bring a smile from their guests. The Rycrofts enjoying their meal together as a family next to a large rectangular glass of window of the ocean. Pretty much a boring thing to see than just seeing something more intriguing than just all blue water and clear skies. And of course, they will be spending six days in the ocean before arriving to shore. \"Stephanie, how's Kent?\" Carolyn asked about Stephanie's boyfriend. \"He's spending his Christmas holidays and New Year's Eve in the Bahamas with his family this week.\" She replies. \"On a cruise?\" \"No, seven-days in Atlantis Resort.\" She remarks. And takes a bite of scramble eggs. \"How nice.\" \"Who's Kent?\" Her father asks. He really wasn't around. \"You don't know him, Dad. I met him this last semester, he moved to Miami from Orlando last spring break. He joined the soccer team with Jett.\" \"I see, and how he's like?\" He just want to be sure if he's worthy of dating her. \"Sylvester, please, before you come up with anything against him. He's a nice and honest boy and I know him enough than you do.\" Carolyn said. \"Alright, alright.\" He sighed. \"So, what are you two gonna do today?\" Sylvester asked to Stephanie and Jett. \"Your mother and I will be at the spa parlor.\" \"Isn't too early for that?\" Stephanie said. \"People do early reservations and I did it at the last minute yesterday.\" Her mother said. \"Oh, well. Jett and I will be at the pool, the sun is really in shine.\" She said. \"And then we can go by at the teen lounge for later.\" Said Jett. \"Have fun, then.\" Said their tiger parents. The college kids' windowless stateroom is full of breakfasts ordered from room service, too lazy to it least leave the cabin and go somewhere or do something around. But this is what they decided to do. \"This is the sweet life.\" Said Spencer the bear. \"Eat up everyone!\" \"OMG, you guys should try the strawberry pancakes!\" Christine exclaimed. \"Come on, Clover. Food service's here.\" Cried Pricilla. \"I'm coming.\" Replied Clover as she leaves the bathroom with a fresh cleaned jeans and a pink shirt and torn sleeveless jean jacket, she doesn't seem amused like Pricilla's friends are. Royce passes by her and enters the bathroom. The lynx-man is holding a bladder. \"Oh, come on, Clover, light up. We're on vacation.\" Megan tried. \"You know, I'm wasn't even gonna be on this trip.\" Said Clover. She took her plate of waffles and sits down. \"'Cause I'm the reason that she's here now.\" \"Why she's here, Pricilla?\" Megan asked. \"My parents told me if I'm going on this trip I'm must fulfill an under condition.\" She said. \"And what's that?\" Megan said. \"That I take Clover with me.\" \"I wasn't even interested at all, but she begged me.\" Clover said and sighs. \"I really wanted to stay in Rhode Island for New Year's Eve.\" \"Bummer.\" Megan said. \"I hope I didn't cause any trouble on your ticket prices, Spencer.\" Said Clover. \"Not at all, Chloe.\" Said Spencer. \"Is Clover.\" She corrected him. \"My bad.\" \"A lot of guys in her high school calls her like that, when flirting.\" Pricilla and Christine giggles. Clover growls of annoyance. \"I think I had enough for today.\" Clover said. She stands up, leaving the half eaten plate alone. \"Where're you going?\" Isaac said. \"Somewhere, not here.\" She leaves the cabin and closes the door. The cheetah-girl turns to the beagle dog-girl with a confused expression. \"Is there another reason why she's here?\" \"Just to keep an eye on me. But I'm 20, I'm the one to keep an eye on her.\" Pricilla said. \"She looks more mature than you are.\" Megan said. \"Oh, shut it.\" \"Hey, what I missed?\" Royce the lynx just leaved the bathroom with a great relief from holding and noticed Clover's missing presence. \"It was nice of your brother to take over of our restaurant, Sylvester.\" Carolyn said to her husband. The tiger couple entered in the ship's spa parlor on deck 7 at the reception area. \"Robert may be a chef, but he can handle being as manager by himself.\" Sylvester explained to his wife. \"But who will take charge of the kitchen?\" \"Cody will.\" \"Cody? But he's still in cooking school.\" \"This could be his opportunity, Carolyn. He could use some extra credit.\" Sylvester said. \"Don't worry, Robert will take good care of the restaurant.\" \"You could've at least talked to me about it.\" Carolyn stated. \"I would, but Robert told me not to.\" He responded. \"Come on, time to chill out.\" Carolyn just sighed at the end. The sun really is in shine for all the sunbathers with colorful bathing suits resting on wooden deck chairs to be kissed by the sun. The main pool, on deck 13, is located between the two black-and-white funnels. The five pools: one is for adults with a glass enclosed magrodome for weather conditions, two openly at the stern, and one indoor on deck 7 in the ship's spa parlor. The main public pool has a bar, a rock climbing-wall placed behind the first funnel and the other end a flat LED screen placed in front of the aft funnel. There's also a small stage for musician performers, but there's no show today. Today is pretty quiet, save for the slight sound of the ship navigating through the water. Jett and Stephanie, in their bathing clothes, walks up to the nearly crowed lido deck. Searching for an empty spot to rest on. Stephanie finds two available space and places their towels. Jett lifts his dark-green shirt and then adjust a little his green and blue trunks, playing his favorite sport since middle school, Jett has a developed physique of a pro athlete. Stephanie all comfortable in her pink flowered bikini and covered in sunblock of SPF 50. She has that healthy figure of a natural beauty herself, which gave her better confidence around her teenage life. The two lied down and facing the sunshine but Stephanie starts. \"Hey, Jett.\" She shakes his shoulder. \"Are you fine?\" She knows something is off about his brother, looking both left and right in alert. Like being stalked. \"Nothing, I'm fine, just, a little insecure.\" He assures. \"I'm sure no one will stare at you, so don't be paranoid.\" She said. \"Hey, did you have a talk with Dad?\" \"Yeah, nothing serious. Just about my ordeal.\" Jett said. \"You'll get over with soon. But I'll have to admit it was kind of fun back there. It was some heck of an experience.\" \"Yeah, it was. I'm gonna miss it though.\" He mutters. At the hot tub, the young Hispanic human trying to overcome his mind from everything from the past: By reading through his phone. Yesterday was a little rough: flying from New York to Los Angeles on one of the most incompetent airlines ever to fly the skies; Got himself distracted on the phone and crash into someone's suitcase; And of top of it all: a text message from his ex-girlfriend with a angry description with final blows. Rico didn't replied to her message and he continues with his own business in peace. Still upset to himself, but nothing can be done about it. \"Hey, you don't mind if we sit here?\" A wolf-man said. \"Not at all, this is for everyone.\" Rico replied and continue reading his phone. \"Cool. Come on, Kale.\" The wolf-man and the human enters the hot tub. The tub can fit like six people. Just then, out of the blue. \"Marrero? Is that you?\" One of the two fellow occupants said an unmistakable surname. Rico moves his attention to the two and he remembers them very well. \"Wolfson?\" \"Ryder, do you know him?\" Kale asked. \"He's the travel agent who booked us on this cruise, Kale.\" Ryder smiley explained. \"So what a surprise! Why you're here, Marrero?\" And asked. \"What are you talking about? This is my treat.\" He poorly chuckles. \"I have totally forgot I booked you both on the Poseidon .\" Rico felt a little awkward of meeting one of his clients while on vacation. Ryder Wolfson is been quite a costumer of Marrero: ordering either plane tickets or train tickets. He at first always ordered one ticket until Marrero noticed he started with two tickets since then. Now he knows why, obviously. He wipes the thought out of his mind of his encounter and said. \"So, how's your accommodations?\" \"Er, our stateroom is blocked by a lifeboat.\" Kale stated. \"I didn't know our room was cheap because of that.\" Ryder added. \"Oh, I see.\" Rico said. He quickly clarified what he meant. \"Well, you could've called me and talk about it. But I guess you two were busy packing.\" \"Oh, don't mind about it. It wasn't your fault.\" Ryder said. \"Well, if you say so.\" \"And why do you mean by 'treat'?\" Kale asked. \"Oh. I'm also a blogger. I do some reviews around while traveling. I'm now off to Hawaii for my next review. So I'm on my job and enjoying myself.\" \"That's interesting.\" \"Here's your drink, sir.\" A waiter in a casual uniform brought a piña colada with rum and a little umbrella to Rico he ordered. \"Thank you.\" Rico said. \"Cheers.\" Raises his drink to both. Clover Forrest is looking her way around the ship, not familiar with the ship's layout. \"Big ship and so much confusion.\" Said to herself. She just got out from lunch at the sushi bar and now she's on her own looking for a place to gather or meet new people onboard. She found herself in the lobby and asks a crew member. In this case, she found the cruise director. \"Excuse me, miss, I'm looking the teen lounge area. I'm kinda lost.\" Clover said. \"Sure, is on deck 13. Take the elevator.\" Joyce Blake directed her. \"Thank you, miss.\" Clover walks up to the crystal elevator while other passengers or crew stepped in. After a ding, the elevator lifts up from deck 2 to deck 13. Right after the help, the blonde woman and the Rottweiler dog-man walks up to Miss Blake. She looks dressed as a ready reporter looking for a good story: closed shirt in gray suit and trouser, and black shoes. \"Cruise director?\" She said. \"Yes. Can I help you?\" Joyce said. \"Hi, I'm Portia Matthews. I'm a journalist of Channel Starr California and Magazine. I'm starting to see some famous faces onboard and I'm looking forward to have some nice interviews with them.\" \"Really? Well, I'd like to help. So, who are the people you're looking for?\" \"Let's where to start.\" She started to think. \"If I'm correct, is there a woman named Aubrey Quinlivan?\" \"She's one of the entertainment staff. She's the singer.\" Blake said. \"As far as I know she used to be in Britain's Got Talent.\" \"Good, and, is there a passenger named Jett Rycroft on that list?\" After hearing the second request, Joyce starts looking through her tablet device and checks the passenger list. A few seconds she found it. \"Yes, he's traveling with his family.\" Joyce said. \"Huh, just his family?\" Said Portia. \"So he's not with his fellow felines then.\" \"Is he a celebrity?\" Asked Joyce, she doesn't seem to be familiar with it. \" Was a celebrity.\" She corrects. \"So why you're after him?\" Joyce asked. Portia's face grinned sassily. Arriving the teen lounge on deck 13, Stephanie and Jett sees a modern and very hip decorated room for teens alike. A social gathering place to hang out and to escape-away from their parents. So many to do from music to video arcade games. Usually is for 14 to 17 of age, but Jett's age (eighteen) could be an exemption. \"What's wrong, Jett?\" Stephanie asked worried. \"I'm not sure if I should go here and people go staring at me if they recognize me.\" He said. \"That's ridiculous, Jett. You're no longer in that fame. All that's behind you. You're now a normal person.\" \"Still, people will recognize me, even on this boat.\" \"Ugh, there's like few people around here today.\" She gestures the public room. There's like less than a dozen teenagers here. \"Are there any chances that one fan will bump you on this boat? Oh, come on, let's have fun. We're here to chill out.\" \"Alright, I'm hitting the games.\" He walks away and goes to one of the racing arcade games. Stephanie wanders around and then she meets a fellow teenager and they started to hit it off and both hang out at the teen lounge's non-alcohol bar. \"So, what brings you on this cruise, Clover?\" Said Stephanie. The beagle dog-girl sighs without bothered. \"Ugh, just me and my cousin's college friends. She begged me to come on this trip, so she can be with someone closer who is traveling along with us. And now, I'm stuck on this boat.\" \"Oh, sorry to hear that. But it can't be that bad.\" \"I'm sleeping on the sofa bed.\" She stated. \"Bummer.\" It's not easy being the black sheep , thought Stephanie. \"So, where you from? You seemed to be from the north.\" \"Newport, Rhode Island.\" \"Oh, my brother visited there on his world tour.\" Stephanie smiled. \"World tour?\" Clover questioned. \"Oh, my brother was…\" \"Hey, Steph. I could use a second player...\" Jett came by to them but just then he caught the attention of the beagle dog-girl's unexpected reaction: jaw dropped, eyes widen. She gasped. \"Jett Rycroft?! From The Feline Boys?\" The young dog-girl cried surprised. Jett wasn't ready for an unexpected surprise, especially from a fan. At least Jett kept an awkward optimistic smile for meeting an old fan. \"Oh, uh... Yeah… It's nice to meet a fan.\" \"No way! On a cruise!?\" She shrieked. \"Hi, I'm Clover. It's so great meet you.\" \"So you're are a big fan of my brother and his band, huh?\" Stephanie said. \"Yes, and I have all of their albums! It's kinda sad that the band broke up though.\" Clover said and smiles. \"I've never thought I would meet my favorite.\" She holds her excitement. Stephanie laughs at this than how awkward it was for Jett. He's a little quiet but then saw another beagle dog-girl stomping aggressively. \"Clover, there you are.\" Pricilla burst into the lounge. She looks upset. There's trouble. \"What's wrong?\" Clover said. \"Did you took my keycard with you?\" \"Yes, right here.\" She shows it to her. \"Did you use it by any chance?\" \"Hey, a girl has to eat. So I went to the sushi restaurant.\" Clover said without any care. Her own keycard doesn't apply for any purchases because of her underage. \"How dare you!\" Pricilla barked. \"And what are you two looking at!?\" The two tigers looked the other way. Pricilla glares at Clover. \"If you try to spoil our trip, you're gonna be sleeping in those big orange hammocks hanging outside.\" \"You mean the lifeboats, right?\" Sternly said. \"Whatever! Just give it to me!\" She swiftly took the card from her hand and leaves the area. \"What was that?\" Stephanie asks. \"It's nothing. I just took her card without her permission.\" Clover said, not even guilty of it. On the other hand, Jett so far didn't saw any negative reaction on the beagle dog-girl. Little of disappointment, but still admiring a former singer of a boy band. The evening at sea darkens for the night as MS Poseidon lights the calmed, glassy sea reflecting under her. Tonight is the Captain's Gala Dinner and every single passenger are wearing their best for tonight. Low-tempo music is played in the ship's three-deck high grand dinning room on deck 2. Modernly luxurious of Art décor, glass-covered ceiling, multiple tables of different sizes and shapes, and constant chattering around. The newlywed cat couple walks to the main entrance door and to be greeted by a well dressed steward. \"Ah, Mr. Maxwell, is great see you again.\" Said Sidney Jennings. \"Mr. Jennings, I'm so glad you're looking after us.\" Killian Maxwell said. He's a Royal Trident Member and had sailed on the Poseidon before or other ships under the line. He started from Bronze, Silver to Golden rank. Now, he has access to the most exclusive places on the ship and other special activities. \"It's a pleasure, Mr. Maxwell. And is nice see you again, Mrs… Maxwell?\" He pauses for a short moment and stares at Mr Maxwell's different looking wife in a dark-red gown. \"I don't think we've met, I'm Zoey.\" The cat-woman said. \"Uh, of course, uh, you know,\" Jennings started, \"Golden Card members can dine the Calypso Grill on deck 7.\" Offered Jennings. \"I know, but my wife wants to start simple for now.\" Said Killian. \"Well, in any case, I'll guide you both at table 10. Come with me.\" The Afro-American steward smiles and leads them to their table. Despite a slight confused sight. \"What was that about?\" She whispers to Killian. \"I'll tell you some other time.\" Replied Killian. On the second level of the dining room, a steward brought an appetizer for the college kids' table. Spencer the bear is into the gastronomy and so he's into everything on the menu. Megan the cheetah looks forward to have some caviar. Christine will just start with the salad. Royce would just simply eat mozzarella sticks. The boys looking sharp and the girls looking elegant. Isaac asked, \"Pricilla, where's Clover?\" \"She's eating at the buffet.\" She replied. \"How come?\" \"Did something happened?\" Megan started. \"No, is nothing. You know how self-sufficient she is.\" She actually got rid of her by tricking her. Clover is all up there by herself. \"Pricilla, after dinner, can we have a talk?\" Isaac proposed. Pricilla felt a spark in her heart and smiley replies, \"Sure, Isaac.\" Her tail wags subconsciously. Christine chuckles her hidden reaction. The three lions gathered up on the captain's table with other fellow passengers who were invited to seat and dine with the captain. This table for twelve, located right in the center of the dining room, is for Silver and Golden Card members. \"You know, we could make another proposal for the New Year's Eve party in front of your Dad and everybody.\" Red, wearing his semi-formal gray turtle-neck shirt and a black blazer, whispered to Gwen. \"Oh, please don't. I'll do the talking, but not tonight.\" Gwen, in a golden-brown gown, whispered back. \"Did you say something, Gwen?\" Her father, in a sharp looking tuxedo, asked. \"Nothing, Dad.\" She responded. The three sat down and the guests awaits for their host of this evening until the albatross bird-man with the captain's formal uniform, without the cap hat, arrives on time for his social duties. \"Good evening, guests.\" Captain Whiteford said and takes his seat. \"It's great you all were able to join me for dinner.\" Later, Foxley the fox-man came by with another fellow steward from India and started to serve the guest on the table. Next from the captain's table, the Rycrofts were guided by a steward to their assigned table. \"Here's your table and have a seat.\" Said the monkey-man steward. Sylvester first pulled the seat for Carolyn to seat on and did the same with Stephanie. The three picked the menu cards of tonight's dinner. \"You know, Mom. You could've taken me to the hairdresser and have myself a new hair-style for the gala.\" Said Stephanie. \"Sorry if your mother was selfish, but she really needed a new look.\" Her father smiled. \"I'll take you the next time before the New Year's Eve party.\" Said Carolyn with her new shoulder-length dark-brown hairdo. \"Where's Jett?\" \"He's…right on time.\" Sylvester said when he saw his son in a tuxedo, arriving to their table. With a poor tied tie. \"Sorry if I'm late.\" Jett said and seats with his family and few other diners. \"A lady stopped me and asked for an interview, but I ditched it.\" \"An interview?\" Sylvester asked. \"I don't know, she was sassing me around.\" Jett added. The four of them takes their seats until the same monkey-man steward came back with two more people. It's very common on cruise ships' dining room to seat with other people. The little dog-boy sits next to Stephanie and politely greeted him. \"Good evening.\" \"Good evening, you look handsome tonight.\" Stephanie smiley responded. \"Thank you, good thing my dad got rid of that hideous sailor suit that mom bought me for the gala.\" He stated. Stephanie giggles of what this little shepherd just said. \"You look nice, too.\" Sasha complimented. \"Oh, thank you.\" \"Watch out, kid, she's has a boyfriend.\" Jett interrupted. Sasha leans to and sees who's next to Stephanie, a teenage tiger-boy, there's now way that can't be him. But it is. \"Is that Jett Rycroft from The Feline Boys?\" Sasha said to Stephanie. \"Uh-huh, he's my brother. Wanna meet him?\" She offered. \"Please don't.\" Jett overheard. \"Sorry, kid. He's not in the mood.\" Stephanie apologetically said. \"Was it about the break up?\" \"Yeah, I'm afraid so.\" Stephanie sadly said. The table goes as far as lively and casual. The stewards brought rich wine, and different types of bread. The stewards later brought the ordered food from their diners. \"So, Mr. Parkinson, what do you do for living?\" Sylvester asked. \"I'm Vice President of the California Corp.,\" he replied, \"we rely on working on new technologies for house living and utility for the alike market.\" He said. Jett mutters, \"First shepherd I met who's not a cop.\" \"Jett, please.\" His mother scolds him. \"It's all right, Mrs. Rycroft, I get that a lot.\" Joshua said. \"My classmates thinks that I should be a policeman.\" Sasha added. \"Don't let everyone get in your way of telling you what to be, little dude.\" Jett said. The dinner gala went smoothly for the stewards, a great excellent service provided by Royal Trident Lines, and the diners are retiring the vast room. All what is left for the guest is to spend the night while is still young: entertainment, and lots of it! But not everyone is in a good mood for it. \"Will that be anything, sir?\" The stewardess asked the Hispanic. \"No, that'll be all.\" Said Rico as he sips his third martini. The stewardess leaves him alone whilst he spins around the glass and watching the olive moving around under the liquid. He looks at two cat couple from another table, the black-and-white cat-man gives a small gift to his beloved gray cat-woman, she smiles lovely and kisses him. Disgusted about himself, he leaves the dining room and sips the rest of his cup. \"Oh, is so beautiful…\" Cooed Zoey after opening her present, is a silver watch with tiny diamonds. \"It's actually a gift from my brother after our wedding day.\" Killian explained. \"How thoughtful of him… What's this?\" She picks a small piece of paper from the small box and reads. \"Please take care of my little brother, Zoey. I think you'll be a great wife. Sincerely, Tony.\" She chuckles and smiles of how her brother-in-law appreciates. \"Oh, Tony…\" Was all what Killian could said. The guests are retiring from the table and Foxley had served the last of it for tonight. \"Will it be all, Captain?\" Foxley asked. Before he could reply, the hidden wireless-telephone under the captain's table it silently rings with a red light beeping. Whiteford picks it up, \"Captain here. What is it?\" \"This is Reynolds from the engine room.\" It was Chief Engineer Jonathan Reynolds from the engine room, \"We're having trouble with engine number three.\" Whiteford's reaction is unaffected, he's used to hear this kind of situation, even when he's having dinner with guests. \"I see…\" He responded. As promised by Isaac, Pricilla never thought that her chances weren't that wide. She prepares by adding lemon-flavored lipgloss on her lips. If everything goes as planned, she will have the most romantic cruise experience ever had. Nothing will go wrong. Outside on deck 7 looking the aft side of the ship's wake left out. Isaac nicely escorts Pricilla around the deck for a little chat, just her and him. \"This is nice, Isaac. A little chilly though.\" Said Pricilla. \"I might going to pass on that.\" Said Isaac, not going to give her his black jacket for warmth and comfort. Pricilla blinked out of confusion of what he said. \"What…?\" \"Pricilla, I think you're a nice girl, but I don't like how you treat Clover at all.\" He stated. \"Oh, she just a little upset for going on this cruise, that's all.\" She excused. \"I know you got rid of her and she's eating at the buffet.\" He sternly said. She stammers. \"How… How did you know?\" \"She texted me.\" Isaac shows his mobile phone to her with an angry description from Clover. \"I'm also friends with her on Facebook, so she told me a lot about you.\" He added. Annoyed and defeated, she looks the other way. \"Do me a favor.\" He continued, \"If you two don't get along, I don't think you and me we'd have a nice vacation together, plus our friends.\" \"Ugh, really?\" \"Pricilla.\" With a serious tone. \"Okay, okay! Jeez. I'll make it up for her.\" She rolled her eyes, annoyed. \"I hope so.\" \"Can... Can we at least continue our night?\" She hopes, but… \"Not tonight.\" Pricilla's hopes were crushed. The ship's magician, a hyena-man, Floyd Archer is looking sharp for tonight's magic show in the ship's theater. When someone think of a magician they always think of them as wearing a black cape and black top hat, but Archer is the modern-day type of magician wearing just only a black tux. He came back to his seat at the cocktail bar near the casino from the restroom where he meet back with the same Caucasian waitress with the name tag: Kacy Fullerton. He sat on the bolted stool and relaxes. \"Another Manhattan, please.\" He ordered. \"Coming right up!\" She proceeds and picks the certain ingredients to make a Manhattan. While waiting, Floyd noticed a missing presence and looks at his left, an empty stool and a finished Bone Dry Martini. \"Say, where's the Spaniard I was talking to?\" He asked the waitress. \"I don't know. I think he left.\" She replied. \"I don't think that advice of yours worked.\" \"I didn't even finished what I wanted to say to him.\" He said. \"Oh well, how heartbroken can he be?\" \"I don't know, Mr. Archer, but whatever she did to him, he must be taking it really heavy.\" Said Kacy. The cold night breeze lightly howls the promenade deck, as every passengers wants to take a time from the crowd at this time of the hour. Away from everything and mostly a nice romantic time for their special one. \"The sea is really calm, Ryder.\" Said Kale and he looks at the dark-blue horizon and the countless stars like never before seen back in New York. \"That's how the Pacific Ocean is named.\" Replied Ryder the wolf. The two kept on walking the deck until the wolf-man in a tux speaks. \"Kale, uh, can I ask you something?\" \"Yes…\" \"Care to explain why did you brought an urn in your suitcase?\" Ryder asked. Kale kept silence for a moment. \"Kale?\" Ryder kept on. \"I haven't told you, have I?\" \"Who's inside, Kale?\" \"My grandfather.\" Kale stated. \"He died before I started high school. You see, after you told me we were going on this trip. This was my opportunity, so I brought it with him so I can release some of his ashes to the sea as part of his will.\" He explained. \"And his will is this ocean specifically?\" Kale nodded. \"So, when are you gonna do that? Tonight? Tomorrow?\" Ryder kept asking. \"This New Year's Eve tonight.\" Kale announced. The pair then stared at someone who is walking like no drunk person ever walked before and started singing some classics 70s. \" The love boat! Soon we'll be making another round!\" He drunkenly sang. Swinging his arms and heading close to the railing. Startling the two bystanders and decided to take action. The man climbs two steps on the rail and leans forward over the rail. Below him was the rushing water against the ship's starboard side. Ryder quickly grabbed him from behind and pulled him away from the rail. \"Are you crazy?!\" Yelled Ryder. \"You could have fallen over!\" But the human curses him in Spanish drunkenly and then his cheeks puffed up with a sick feeling on his face. Somehow recovering his soberness and runs to the rail again, but the position was different, only his head out and started soiling out of his mouth into the sea.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3: Rocking & Rolling On deck, another bystander witnessed the odd incident and ran directly towards the three individuals. Lucky for them was one of the security officers on night shift patrolling the promenade deck. The Labrador dog-man, Thomas Furlong, saw the out cold body, calls the medic for assistance. In a short while, the ship's doctor, a St. Bernard dog-man Julian Daxner, a retired veteran from the Royal Navy arrived at the scene. Ryder was shocked to realize that the person whom they stopped from climbing over the railing was Rico himself. Why did he do that? He thought to himself. Rico rests on the wooden deck chair completely passed out as Dr. Daxner examines him. \"How is he, Doctor?\" Ryder asked. \"He's fine, just out cold.\" He stated. \"I don't think he deliberately committed to jump, Dr. Daxner.\" Said Furlong. \"Well, that's a relief.\" Said Kale. \"I don't understand, he was just fine earlier today.\" Ryder said. \"Well, not everyone can handle the liquor.\" Said Dr. Daxner. In a short moment the human moans and wakes up, \"Where am I?\" He mumbled and places his left hand on his forehead. \"Oh, my head hurts…\" \"Marrero, are you all right?\" Ryder said. \"Wolfson? Summers?\" He glances at the two and glances at another two unfamiliar canids. \"W-what happened?\" \"You got drunk and climbed over the railing and leaning too close to it. But I stopped you right on time.\" Ryder explained. \"You got lucky, young sir, otherwise you could've fallen.\" Said Dr. Daxner. Rico sighed—his red-face of too much martinis. \"I'm sorry. I caused too much trouble, haven't I?\" He looked the other way in embarrassment of his careless actions. He stands up almost unsteadily from his deck chair. \"I… I thank you for stopping me, Mr. Wolfson… I…\" \"No need to thank me… Really.\" He gestures with his right hand. \"I'll explain everything tomorrow, alright?\" He said. \"I knew I shouldn't have come here…\" And quietly said. The Doctor offered an escort to his cabin but Rico said he was fine by himself for now. But then he loses his balance and rest against the white painted steel wall. Dr. Daxner didn't take a moment to ask again and take him along the way. \"He'll be alright, Mr. Wolfson, have a good night.\" He said and escorts the half-intoxicated human. \"Mr. Furlong, you can take it from here.\" He added. The Labrador dog-man hadn't said a word after calling Daxner over the walkie-talkie. \"Um, I need a full report of this incident,\" said Furlong, \"Would you two come with me?\" \"Of course.\" Said the pair. The three walk along the deck to the nearest door to get inside and enter the closest elevator sets. Four decks up on deck 10, the Rycrofts came back from the ship's theater after dinner. They're now tired and tomorrow is another day at sea. \"That was great!\" Said Stephanie. \"The music, the dancing, the singing. It was fabulous! Even that magician was awesome!\" She added. The four made it back to the cabin and started to get dressed in their sleep-clothes for bed until a knocking on the door happens. Jett was the closest so he reach towards it. Opening it, a familiar figures he has encountered earlier before: It was that sassy lady he bumped into. \"You again?\" \"Hi, sorry about earlier,\" the lady said, \"I was just trying to have a chance with you.\" \"For an interview, right?\" The tiger-boy said. \"Look, I'm sorry I was rushing on you, but do you think you have the time for an interview and then I'll leave your vacation alone?\" \"I don't think I'm interested, lady.\" \"Jett, who's at the door?\" Jett's parents came up behind him. \"Ah, Mr. and Mrs. Rycroft, nice meet you both!\" She cheerily said. \"So, you're the lady whom my son was being chased on.\" Said Sylvester. \"I'm Portia Matthews, please to meet you,\" she shakes Sylvester's hand, \"I was just asking your son for an interview for my next magazine article. I just want to know more details about the aftermath of your son's defunct boy band, that's all.\" The tiger parents were unsure about this. This was so sudden. However, that was one summer ago. Could Jett be willing to open up to the public? \"Well, is up to Jett to decide. I'm not sure if…\" Carolyn tried to state her sentence but... \"There's no way you're going to leave me alone, do you?\" Jett interrupted sternly. \"If I assist the interview, will you leave my life alone?\" \"Is that a yes?\" She asked. \"Yes!\" Without roaring. \"Great! How about tomorrow afternoon? Goodnight.\" She happily walks away. Jett sighed and goes to his bed. \"Goodnight, Mom and Dad.\" He closes the door. The couple prepares for bed, but Sylvester wonders, \"What does Jett is going to say to the journalist?\" \"I'm pretty sure he's going to come up clean about the break up.\" Carolyn said. \"Hmm…\" Sylvester, just out of retirement from the Navy, wasn't around at the time of Jett's recently broke up boy band. As far what he had learned, an unfortunate incident occurred last summer and things got bad to worse for the band. Jett has something to say whenever or not he feels like it in the interview. If he does, it will be something like a confession. But if not, it will be like a made up story as a piece of his mind. The following morning of December 30th, 2020, the sea is choppy but still sunny. Poseidon 's been bumpy early this morning. The ship, bouncing up and down, rocking and rolling sideways and both ways. One person or beast-men, who are sensible, could easily get a touch of mal de mer (seasickness) . The crew's point of view are more concerned than just choppy waters. They are concerned and struggling to get engine number 3 up and running again. Captain Whiteford and his men are hoping any good news of their current situation since the ship is slowing down. Otherwise, they could fall behind schedule. The horse-man, Chief Engineer Jonathan Reynolds finally gives the latest status. Captain Whiteford picks up the phone, \"Captain, here.\" \"Captain, I'm afraid engine number 3 will be out of service.\" Spoke Reynolds. \"We're shutting it down. We must get ashore to receive serious technical maintenance.\" \"Alright, Mr. Reynolds. I guess we must use the gas-turbines for now.\" \"Loud and clear, no need to hear it again!\" He hangs up. He black horse-man glances his fellow engineers, \"Get the gas-turbines ready! We have a schedule to keep!\" While the ship's motion doesn't affect the passengers' day to go outside on deck and breathe the salty-ocean-air of the third day in the Pacific. The dancing crew in the ship's theater are not affected by the small movement of the ship. Their rehearsal has turned out great and going smoothly. The dance instructor has praised Lani's natural dancing skills and suggesting the other dancers to follow her suit. Always with that bold tone of his. Sidney walk by to the theater to see his Hawaiian friend rehearsing. Also there, the cruise director Joyce Blake and her superior; the hotel manager Nicholas Collins, they were viewing the dance crew performance at the front row seats. \"Oh, Mr. Jennings, what're you doing here?\" Mr. Collins said. A human wearing his hotel manager rank which looks practically different from the officers' uniform – a turquoise blue blazer. He's the person who takes charge of hotel operations onboard. And Ms. Blake is his assistant as a cruise director. \"Just wanting to see my friend Lani rehearsing.\" Jennings replied. \"Well, Mr. Jennings, I'll have to admit; I'm really glad you brought a talented dancer with us.\" The rabbit-woman said. \"It's too bad she's only staying for a while.\" \"Well, she has her ways.\" \"Alright, everyone, take five!\" The dancer instructor commanded. All the dancers relax on the stage. But the Hawaiian girl steps down from the stage and greets her friend. \"Hi, Sid! Guest what?! I'm the lead for tomorrow's New Year's Eve Hawaiian dance!\" She cried. \"Really? That's great!\" He smiled. \"Like a natural dancer from her accident ancestors.\" Ms. Blake said. \"Mr. Jennings, you really never disappoint me.\" A light-brown horse-woman came out from the back stage wearing simply her casual clothing, yellow button shirt and skinny jeans, her hair recently brushed and tied into a pony-tail, yes, ironic it is. During her work, she often wears attractive dresses of variety of colors for every evening performances. She meets up with the other crew members in the big unattended theater. She actually was after the rabbit-woman. \"Ms. Blake, was there something you want to talk to me?\" \"Aubrey, looking good today.\" Jennings said. \"Oh, Jennings, always flirtatious with other women.\" She teased with a sly smile. \"I didn't mean it like that.\" Jennings said while rubbing the back of his bald head. Lani covers her mouth as she chuckles. \"Ms. Quinlivan, a journalist onboard wants to have an interview with you this afternoon.\" Ms. Blake informed. Aubrey blinked twice, \"An interview?\" \"Yes, I'm sure it won't be long.\" \"Humph, very well, then.\" She responded. \"This is so unusual to hear.\" She stated. \"I've seen you on TV before. You were quite a star there.\" Mr. Collins said. \"Getting an interview could be a good shot for you.\" \"Well, if you say so.\" Finally, the engineers activated one of the two gas-turbines for the additional power needed. The officers on the bridge saw the ship recovering her cruising speed. Everything's back to normal, save for the engine number three being out of service. \"We're back at 24 knots, Captain.\" Said the penguin-man, Fourth Officer Reggie Shore. \"We're good, then.\" Captain Whiteford in relief. \"Captain, about the weather in the south.\" Asked Second Officer Greyson. \"I've told you, Mr. Greyson, we're over 100 nautical miles away from it. We'll have calmed seas this crossing.\" Captain Whiteford remarked. The raccoon-man glances at the polar bear Snowdon with a shrug response. \"Greyson, I've contacted with NOAA and the US Coast Guard that is perfectly safe to travel this voyage.\" First Officer Snowdon explained. \"We're just choppy today.\" \"If you asked me, Mr. Snowdon…\" Randall Seabridge the Fifth Officer, a seagull bird-man, was about to say his statement but a telephone bleeps loudly near him and quickly picks it up with his feathered gray hand. \"Seabridge, here.\" It was Dr. Daxner on the other end, explaining a situation. The seagull nodded, \"Thank you, Dr. Daxner.\" He hangs up. He looks at his fellow officers in the bridge with a slight concerned face. \"We got a lifeless body found in a passenger's cabin.\" He announced. Was Third Officer Holmes to first to react, she gasps, \"Oh my!\" On deck 7, the winter garden lounge; Ryder and Kale found Ricardo Marrero sitting alone on one of the tables. Having some European coffee and reading the news on his mobile phone, he much prefers his native coffee which he imports some from his family. The Hispanic human caught his eyes on the pair approaching him. \"Mr. Wolfson, Mr. Summers...?\" \"Marrero, how you feeling today?\" Ryder started the small talk. \"Just fine, sober.\" He responded calmly. \"Listen, I'm really sorry about yesterday. I have no control, I couldn't kept myself on the line, and…\" He couldn't find any good term for his apologies, \"Tsk, I'm a mess!\" \"Ricardo, you're not a mess. Do you think you can tells us your issue,\" said Ryder, \"because my mate here is a psychologist, he can help you. No charge!\" He grinned while resting his hand on Kale's shoulder. Rico glances at Kale, \"I thought you were an artist?\" \"Part-time.\" Kale stated. \"Well, never mind about it.\" Rico sighed and starts, \"You see, my girlfriend left me before I could tell her about the cruise, I was hoping that our relationship could be fixed if we go together. We were having some difficulties a few weeks ago and I was trying to make it work, but I failed.\" He looks at the nearby window, a view of the promenade deck with the railings and a life-preserver in place and the sky and sea between the horizon, he sighed, \"Coming to this tub by myself was a mistake.\" \"Is that all?\" Kale asked. Rico nodded. \"But, what made you to come on this trip?\" \"First; my job as blogger. And second; I was supposed to bring my little cousin with me since Clara left me, but he broke his leg, and now I'm by myself.\" He said. \"But I didn't know how badly affected I was by the break up that I didn't felt well and I decided to drink a whole.\" The pair listened. \"Well, I see you're depressed about this situation.\" Kale said. \"Yeah, that is why I decided to go back to New York when the ship docks on shore.\" \"Huh? Wait, are you leaving?\" Wolfson said. \"Sorry, guys. My mind's made up, I'll be going back to New York.\" He announced. \"Have a good-day.\" He stands up from his chair but Ryder stood up. \"Come on, Rico. Don't let a broken heart get you in the way. Cheer up!\" \"Thanks, but, I think I should settle myself on land. Not surrounded by water.\" Rico said and left the lounge. \"There's nothing I can do, Ryder. I think this could be good for him.\" Said Kale. \"Oh, you're right, then.\" Sighed the wolf-man. The sky deck, windy and chilly as always and making Gwen's and Red's hair to rustle by it. The lion couple walk together on deck 14, the last and top-most deck of the ship. It's where the sport's court and the indoor –glassed-covered– pool is, and the tall-and-slim forward funnel in the middle while its twin cosmetic funnel at aft. \"So, your old roommate didn't stop playing loud music at pass curfew?\" Said Gwen. \"You could've gotten into trouble.\" \"Well, it was a close call.\" Said Red. \"Horace was a terrible liar, but he unbelievably managed to surpass it. I guess he read How to Be a Good Liar. \" \"Must be a good book.\" She mumbled. \"So anyway, what's your plan?\" Red changed the subject. Gwen just responded with a questionable, muffling hum. \"How you're going to tell him?\" He asked. \"Umm… I don't know… I was thinking…\" \"We got fourteen days left, Gwen. When's going to be the time you're going to tell him?\" \"Well, yesterday, Dad told me when we arrive at Honolulu, we'll be spending an evening there in a restaurant. I think it could be a good time to make the announcement. What do you think?\" She explained. The ship will be spending one whole night in Honolulu as part of the ship's itinerary. \"Is it for real?\" \"I think it can work.\" She assured. \"Any bright ideas?\" \"No, I think is convenient.\" \"I hope it goes well. I just really want Dad to understand from what I want.\" \"He stills sees you as a cub, doesn't he?\" Red stated. \"Dad knows I'm not a cub anymore.\" \"I bet he's not ready to give you away at the wedding.\" \"Russell!\" Gwen cried but was then interrupted by the ship's forward funnel, blaring out loud. Echoing through the sea, another ship passes her by. White as the great white whale with blue schemes on her hull and funnel, the 135,000-ton Oceanic Queen of Oceanic Cruise Lines sail pass Poseidon as she salutes with her horn. The cruise liner is on her way back to Los Angeles after her long Hawaiian cruise. After a short while, the ship passed away north-eastwards, the horn battle ceased. The lion couple can now continue their talk. \"Sorry, about that. It was just a thought.\" Red apologized. \"It's fine. You're just too honest.\" \"Too honest that I could blow a whistle to your father at any moment.\" He nervously chuckled. \"Your point?\" \"I really want to say the words to your father, but you want to take this cautiously. Are you afraid that he'll punch my head?\" \"That's not it.\" She sighed. \"What if he doubts our proposal?\" \"I'm sure he wouldn't doubt about us.\" He draws his right arm around her shoulders. The couple continue their stroll around the open deck with their discussion. Red is all confident about the marriage proposal and he wished he could have say it in front of Mr. Kershaw in a normal meeting like the living room. But it all turned out so differently in a blink of an eye; He kneeled down, she said yes, and both are now on this cruise. The dead body of the identified Mr. Gleeson has died of natural causes, according to Dr. Daxner. Mrs. Gleeson hadn't said a word after finding her husband lifeless in their stateroom on deck 9. Dr. Daxner and the crew involved in the situation condolences her loss. For now on, the body will be preserved in the ship's morgue onboard. These are common but unfortunate scenarios on cruise ships. The crew and staff will keep this in silence from the passengers. But for those who have meet Mr. Gleeson earlier in the days of the cruise will soon ask Mrs. Gleeson where's is he and how is he. The rumors will likely be spread throughout the ship. \"Oh, you're joking, Royce.\" Scoffed Pricilla. \"I swear, I overheard a passenger was found dead in the cabin by the doctor.\" Royce claims. \"They said it was natural causes.\" \"Well, it least it wasn't murder.\" Christine added. The college kids relax in one of the hot tubs on deck 13 at the lido deck. The tub was sloshing a little in different directions to almost spilling the hot water out. Pricilla does her best to cheer her cousin by joining in the tub to fit in with her friends, but Clover wasn't in the mood. She instead rest on the wooden deck chair and read her favorite book under the sun with sunglasses. As much she hates to be anti-social, she lost her interest to be with them. Clover is going to hate every moment on this trip every time she's with them. \"Is she still mad at you, Pricilla?\" Megan asked. \"Kinda, but I'm gonna leave her until she's calmed—Uh, where is she?\" She glances at the wooden steamer chair and she was gone. Looking around she quickly spots her with two tigers and the three walked away. If Pricilla doesn't make up with her cousin, Isaac would not be pleased, just so unfair. Last night she tried to apologize for tricking her but Clover barked at her, leaving Spencer, Megan, Christine, Royce and Isaac outside in the corridor. The conflict has worsen. \"How's it going guys?\" Clover greeted her new friends. \"Hi, Clover.\" Stephanie replied. \"Jett and I are just heading to the mini-golf court. Wanna join with us?\" \"Sure.\" Without looking behind where the tub is, she continue walking along. The nine-hole mini-golf course, just behind the aft dummy funnel on deck 14, is filled with golfers, mostly kids; one seven-year-old boy swung the white ball too hard and went overboard, the ball is gone whilst his father is scolding him. Thanks goodness Jett wasn't like that in his childhood. The trio grabbed a putter club and started with the first course. Starting with Stephanie to gently swing the ball. The ball went too off, must be ship rocking around. That is pretty much why the children are driven crazy with this game. \"I haven't asked,\" said Clover, \"What brings you guys on this cruise?\" \"Just for the holidays,\" said Jett, \"And my dad just came back home from the Navy.\" \"That's so cool.\" It's Clover's turn and she swings the club, the ball went too far and missed the hole. \"Damn it!\" \"You should totally see how Jett reacted when Dad appeared under the giant present.\" Said Stephanie. \"My mom caught it on film.\" She giggled. \"Yeah, yeah, yeah… Can we please change the subject?\" Jett shake it off. \"Sorry, I know Dad means a lot to you.\" Said Stephanie. \"Why… Why… Do you have to say that in front of her?\" Jett muttered under his breath. \"Anyways, when's your interview?\" Stephanie started. \"Um, this early afternoon.\" Jett replied, \"She'll be meeting me at our room.\" \"An interview, huh?\" Clover said, \"Whatcha gonna say?\" \"I'm still thinking…\" Jett swung the club, the ball nearly reaching the first hole, but the ball took a sharp turn by the sudden movement and missed. \"Oh, shoot…\" \"Well, don't think too long, just say what you've been through and what you know.\" Said Stephanie. \"Yeah, I know, the journalist wants to know about me and the broken band.\" \"So, is it true about Bradley?\" Clover asked. \"I've heard rumors, but I don't know if it they were true.\" \"You'll soon find out.\" Jett stated. \"Do you think you can do a favor? For all the fans?\" \"What favor?\" The ship's public announcement system rings throughout the ship, a voice speaks up. \" It's bingo time! Ladies and gentlemen, we're holding today's bingo contest at the theater . The winner will get a $1,000 dollar reward and a free discount at one of the restaurant onboard you can choose from. Starting at 1:00 PM at the Applause Theater hosted by your cruise director Joyce Blake. Thank you for your attention and I hope you all participate.\" The voice hangs up. The early afternoon of one PM in ship's time. Portia and Malcolm gathered up with Miss Quinlivan for the interview. The horse-woman suggested to do it in Portia's stateroom, because her cabin is small and little of space. Portia and Malcolm together asks her common questions about her and career as a singer and working on the ship. The blonde woman and the Rottweiler-man takes some notes and a mobile phone as a voice recorder. \"But sadly,\" said Aubrey on a comfortable chair along with the two journalist, \"despite all the cheers of ovation towards me, I've never made it to go places. And my life has become serious, especially with my twins, it least my mother is taking care of them whilst I'm taking my opportunities here onboard.\" The pair listened, taking notes. \"Do you have a personal conclusion, Ms. Aubrey?\" Asked Portia, clicking the pen slowly. A silence from her emerges but she smiley got an answer, \"For now, I think have what I wanted. I've been working on this ship for months, I might think I could come back to London.\" \"Are you saying this is your last voyage?\" Asked Malcolm. \"No, not yet. My contract would not expire for another three months.\" She stated. \"Well, I guess that's all we covered.\" Said Portia as she stands up from her seat. \"Thank you for your time, Ms. Aubrey.\" \"It's a pleasure.\" She stands up, \"I'll see you around.\" Malcolm opens the door for her and exited. She must go back to her quarters for rehearsal for the New Year's Eve ball party. Portia turned to Malcolm. \"Well, Malcolm, we better find our next celebrity.\" \"What was his name? Jeff Croft, right?\" Portia's face turned annoyed, \"Boy, not even close.\" And sternly said. Foxley the steward wanders around the crew members' mess hall, he's not wearing his uniform and he's just being himself, the fox-man found his colleagues Sidney and Kacy in one of the tables with the Hawaiian native. Kameron learned from Sidney that he brought a new dance member for the trip back to Honolulu, he never actually got a chance to meet her. So, here's his chance. \"Kameron, just in time!\" Jennings cheered with a smile. \"Good afternoon, Foxley.\" Said Kacy. \"Hello, Kacy. Hello, Sidney. He sits along with the three. He glimpse at the young beautiful native. \"And you must be Lani.\" \"And you must be Kameron.\" Lani said. \"Sid talked about you.\" \"Sid?\" \"That's my nickname, Kameron. Didn't I told you?\" \"First time hearing it.\" He said and take a brink of his orange juice. \"So, have you met the new Mrs. Maxwell?\" \"Uh, yeah, I have… at the dining room.\" Sidney rubs the back of his head. \"Who's Mrs. Maxwell?\" Lani asked. \"A passenger?\" \"Yes, it looks like Mr. Maxwell got remarried.\" Foxley stated. \"They're in their honeymoon right now.\" \"Really? I wonder what happened to the old Mrs. Maxwell.\" Jennings thinks. In his past previous works on other ships of the Royal Trident Lines, Jennings met the Maxwells onboard the Oceanus back in 2015 as their steward, what he could recall that they were a lovely couple traveling together around the world. As Jennings doesn't the have the time to remember every single passengers' names, he would always kept few in mind as it is not easy to handle 2,700 passengers on this ship. However, they could curiously ask, but it's more rather too soon and boldly rude. It's been reported that 27 passengers are seasick during the day as the Poseidon sails into choppy waters of the Mid-Pacific Ocean. Soon the ocean liner would pass the Tropic of Cancer in just several miles through southeastwards. It's nothing special unlike crossing through the equator as most ships celebrate it. Dr. Daxner now has his hands full and brought the needed medicines and make sure they all stay in bed. The St. Bernard dog-man, along with an assistant nurse, heads to the next patient: the Maxwells; in Trident Suite. The Doc knocks the door and wait. A black-and-white cat-man answers the door, his expression are a little agitated. \"Yes?\" Killian said. \"I'm Dr. Daxner, I think you've been calling me.\" \"All morning! Please, come in.\" Killian guides the two crewmen to the upper level of the suite. \"Are you the only doctor on this tub?\" \"The only ship's doctor, Mr. Maxwell.\" Daxner stated. \"Then what happens if somebody would be dying in here?\" \"Oh, please Killian, looks who's not dying!\" Zoey groaned. The gray-furred cat-woman is resting on the master bed covered in white sheets all wrapped around her. Completely nauseated, on top of it all. \"Several passengers aboard are seasick, Mr. Maxwell. We have to take them in rotation.\" Dr. Daxner informed. The nurse examines Zoey's fever with the thermometer and Dr. Daxner hands over the medications for seasickness. \"Take these now, Mrs. Maxwell, and another in eight hours and remain in bed until the sea is totally calm.\" \"Thank you, Doctor.\" Zoey sickly said. \"That's it? So you just came all the way here to give her some pills and tell her to stay in bed? You didn't even examined her!\" \"Oh, please Killian, I'm just seasick like I told you!\" Zoey remarked. \"Don't you see she's badly sick?\" Killian raised his voice. \"Just look at her? It could be the norovirus!\" \"I'll know what is a norovirus or not, Mr. Maxwell.\" \"And how she's gonna take those pills if she can't even swallow water?\" The lady nurse explained, \"They're suppositories, Mr. Maxwell. You don't swallow 'em.\" \"Then what the hell are you supposed to do with them?\" \"They go in my vagina.\" Zoey clarified. \"Can you asked them to leave?\" Killian gawped. \"Um, Nurse, we must continue our rounds.\" Dr. Daxner said to the nurse. The doctor and nurse exchange glances. They impassively proceed to down stairs, until Killian still has a little of his nerves. \"I still think it's the norovirus!\" He shouted them above the stairs before they closed the door. \"I already had the norovirus, Killian!\" Zoey shouted. \"And what's with you, eh?\" As much she wants to overcome her accustomed Canadian dialect that runs naturally from her family, she cannot really help it but break it. Killian, of course, doesn't mind her ways of speaking her native tongue. \"Nothing's wrong with me, I just…\" \"Stop worrying about me,\" she interrupted, \"I'm going to be fine soon. It's been a long time since I've been at sea. And you've been on a lot of voyages than I do.\" Zoey stated. Killian sits closer to her on the bed, not minding her sickness. \"Yes… Yes, I have…\" Killian calmly said. \"Killian, are you really moved on?\" Zoey asked. A long silence between the two domestic felines filled the room. Killian looks away from her and glimpses the panoramic view of the ship's wake. \"I… I really am trying to live on…\" \"Killian,\" Zoey started and moves closer to Killian, \"whatever it is, let me tell you that I'm here. I know you've been married before to someone and she would want you to live on.\" \"I am trying to live my life to the fullest with you, Zoey. I'm glad of you to be part of my life.\" Killian said and holds her hand and kiss it. The gray feline weakly smiles. \"You're one caring cat-man, aren't you, Killian?\" Zoey softly said. A grumble Rottweiler dog-man wanders around the corridors of deck 10. Portia told him to find Jett Rycroft because he 'miss-named' his full name, whether or not if that was a made up word. Luckily, he spots him in the distance right on time. Jett stops by the door of his stateroom and looks at the door knob sign hanging: Do Not Disturb. A roar of a wild beast behind the door followed. Jett just froze there of the unexpected. He quickly shakes it off and saw the dog-man coming to him. \"Jett Croft, right?\" Malcolm said. \"It's Rycroft.\" He corrected. \"Can I help you?\" \"I'm Portia's colleague. I was looking for you. Are you ready?\" \"Uh… Yeah, yeah!\" \"Come on. I think your folks need some alone time.\" \"Yeah…\" Jett nervously said. He wants to get that thought out of his mind. Sadly, Jett wished he could get some advice from his parents about his interview. Now, his only advices from Clover and Stephanie are his only guide. He follows the dog-man to his direction through the corridor. Walking down two flights of stairs to deck 8. And what seemed like forever until they've reached forward. Malcolm slips his keycard and enter inside the stateroom. Portia was there tidying up for the little reunion. \"Portia, I brought him.\" Malcolm announced. She turned around and smiles, \"Jett! Looking handsome today. Come, come.\" \"I wasn't sure where I should meet up. But it least I'm here.\" Jett said. \"Well, that's what matters. Have a seat.\" She gestures him a seat. \"On the bright side, you don't have to worry about those dreadful paparazzi and social media, just me and Malcolm.\" Starting with a nice conversation with the journalists, Jett felt comfortable with them without any pressure. Opening up, little by little, to even share some of his personal life facts; like how he got his name—his mother gave birth in just eight months during a flight between Los Angeles to Miami, the name Jett was the first thing that the pilots came up before his mother was sent to the hospital in a rush. Jett talked about his dream career as a singer or joining in a rock band. He auditioned to join a boy band in Miami when he was 15, and joined along with the other members. The name, The Feline Boys, was a coincidence when the judges and manager were searching for five post-puberty, but talented individuals. They had picked five feline beast-men: a lion-boy (Bradley Roar), a black jaguar-boy (Tiberius Shade), a snow leopard-boy (Sean Wilde), a puma-boy (Quentin Scott), and a tiger-boy (Jett Rycroft). The band made its debut with their first album in 2017, the social media sparked massively wide. The group are known for their multi-bilingual songs (English/other language) which expresses an international feel. When Portia asks about the break up, Jett's comfortable face faded. \"Bradley Roar,\" Jett started, \"he was the youngest of our group. He was really excited as well as all of us being in the band, and be famous and all that stuff. The media considered him as the 'cute one'.\" Jett chuckles. Jett was also classified as the \"older brother type\" in the band. \"We quickly became friends after that.\" He continued, \"Everything was going awesome in our hay-day…\" He paused and thinking about last summer. \"…until things got into Bradley's way. I never knew how serious it was. His father was hospitalized while we were in our Summer World Tour. The news hits him like rock bottom, all the way while we were in UK, it distracted him severely. The rehearsals weren't very good. I tried to settled him and cheer him up but then I regrettably told him to at least hold it off and wait. I didn't know how serious it was, so Bradley furiously yelled at me and stomped away. I followed him through the streets but I wasn't quick enough to…\" He looked down and stare at his crossed striped arms. \"…to save him.\" Softly spoke. \"He was alive though. Thank god. A broken leg —Quentin recalled it as a sign of bad luck. You know, break-a-leg? And it did. Bradley had enough and wants to go back home with his father and he quit. Too much pressure. He didn't wanted to listen to me, I couldn't even say anything or remember what I wanted to say to him. He refused harshly. And told me about that 'you'll never understand of how it's like to be in the worst possible life-and-death situations'. I told him no and didn't talked to me again. Hurt. Betrayed. Lonely. I quietly walked away. The band will never be the same again. I regret of what I just said. The future concerts were cancelled. And we slowly went to our separate ways…\" The two journalist listened, they somehow stopped writing down at some point. Overwhelmed by his point of view. \"Any conclusions, Jett?\" The Rottweiler asked. \"I want to say to Bradley that I'm sorry for hurting his feelings. I really am…\" He concluded. \"I've never talked about him or posted anything in public until now.\" \"Well, I think we got enough.\" Said Portia and standing up from her seat. \"Thank you for coming, Jett. Your story will be published before you know it!\" She cheery said. \"I hope you enjoy your vacation with your family.\" She continued, \"I've heard Hawaii is an amazing place to bring families closer together.\" \"Yeah. Same to you, miss.\" Jett said as he stands up from his seat. Walks to the door and said. \"Thank you, guys. It really means a lot to me.\" He then closes the door. \"Not a bad kid, huh?\" Said Malcolm. Pointing his thumb at the door behind him. \"Must be this generation.\" Replied Portia. \"Now stand aside, I'm taking a shower.\" \"Ever wondered how you won this trip?\" Asked Malcolm? \"Before I found out that I was gonna sail with another colleague,\" she said and enters the bathroom and raised her voice, \"I thought I was going alone until Chief announced the second winner, you.\" \"Well, sorry for troubling you, lady.\" He said, it didn't sound like sincerity, just sarcasm. \"If you need me, I'll be at the cocktail bar.\" \"Whatever. I was wasn't even gonna get you laid, anyway.\" She said and turned on the shower. Malcolm heard it clearly, but he left the stateroom and just go. How much credit she would take after publishing the articles? Warned by his colleagues, Portia Matthews will likely take it all. Malcolm sighed and heads towards the elevator to deck 3. At the bridge on deck 12, the helmsman holding steady the small aluminum wheel, standing and staring ahead, seeing almost as in on top of the world. On a ship. The patient and rather quiet crew operates in good confidence towards one another. Second Officer Greyson silently moves towards the polar bear-man who is now taking charge of the bridge while Captain Whiteford is at his social duties with a couple of passengers. Looking through the binoculars, he was looking at another ship in the distance, the raccoon-man moves a little bit next to him. \"Yes?\" First Officer Snowdon responded without Greyson even starting a hello or calling his name. Even sometimes calling him Snowy. The white bear-man's voice was somehow cruel and cold. He wasn't even looking at him, still at forward. Of course, they don't get along well together but they do cooperate one another as experienced officers. \"I guess I was wrong about the storm today, after all, huh?\" Greyson said, kind of apologetic and slyly. \"We all make mistakes and sometimes we worry about our safety and everyone onboard.\" Snowdon said after lowering the binoculars of his forward sight, still not looking back. \"I guess you're right. I can see why you trust Whiteford and all the other crewmen on this ship. I think you can make yourself a great captain one day.\" He complimented, with a hint of chuckle. Snowdon finally turns his back to look at Greyson, but the second he realized the raccoon-man already left for his break. Sneaky coon. Snowdon thought. Third Officer Holmes looks at Snowdon with a near confused face. She said, \"Did he said something to you?\" \"Kind of, I guess.\" He said. \"Umm, never mind, but I like his compliment!\" She added and went back to her post. Snowdon said nothing and returns to his post before Whiteford comes back. The sea's calmed, but the howling wind stills dominates the entire upper frame of Poseidon while speeding endlessly to the sun setting horizon. Jett ignores the blows and admires the golden disc ahead on the forward observation deck of deck 7 with both hands resting on the railing. This forward part of the ship is the furthest area for passengers to view out forward and closest to the bow which is limited to go any further unless you are a crew member, and also is exposed to every elements of nature. Sylvester wanders by himself and walks through the eight spare, brass-made, propeller blades exhibiting like an art museum, found his son staring at the natural sight. The tip of the mighty bow can be easy noticed by the slight movement of up and down comparing with the horizon. He stands aside next to him and look out the view, in height comparison, Jett is one foot shorter than his father of six feet. \"Great view, huh?\" Rycroft said. \"We hardly have a view like this one back home.\" Said Jett. \"We live in the east side of the state.\" \"That's true. But we do have a sunrise view, don't we?\" Smiled Rycroft. The wind wildly hits his face and covers with one hand. \"How do you handle this wind?\" \"Didn't Mom gave birth on an airplane and named me Jett because of it?\" The tiger-boy stated. His father laughs, \"You got me there. I sometimes forget that origin.\" He clears his throat. \"Hey, so, how was your interview today? Stephanie just told me about Bradley and all.\" \"It was great.\" He replied. \"It went well. I was going to find you and Mom for an advice from you both, but instead, you guys decided to put a 'Do not disturb' sign on the door and have your romantic time together.\" He stated. His father blushes and rubs the back of his neck, \"Sorry about that.\" \"Eh, it's alright, you probably needed it anyways.\" He said. \"So I stick with Steph's advice instead. I hope Bradley accepts my apology.\" And sighed. \"I'm sure he will. I'm glad Stephanie cares a lot about you.\" Sylvester said. \"And so? Who's your new friend you've meet today?\" Sylvester smirked. \"Tsk, she's too young for me and not type. Let's leave it that way, okay?\" Without being bothered and shying away. Sylvester knew his son well, always conservative. Jett quickly changes the subject. \"So, Dad, uh, what are we gonna do this New Year's Eve? I'm expecting a party, but where?\" Said Jett. \"You'll see soon enough.\" Sylvester replied.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: New Year's Eve December 31st, 2020. The fourth day of the cruise and the last day of the year of this wild planet that had been through a lot with society. Many defining moments took place this year. It is time to move on to the present and the future. Bound to the Island of Hawaii, the MS Poseidon of Royal Trident Lines, 165,000 gross tons, 1,250ft long. A floating city, a spaceship, an marine engineering marvel of the 21st century that celebrates the traditional bygone era of the golden age of ocean liners of the first-half of the 20th century. A maritime tradition that still celebrates today. Sailing on a winter pleasure cruise to the Aloha State with 2,700 odd passengers of large diversities. One could ever dreamed of this ultimate vacation by traveling in style and luxury. The passengers are excited for tonight's events. So far, countries around the world had already struck midnight and fired up their rockets, the State of Hawaii is still counting down, but Poseidon will start a little ahead. Musicians and Hawaiian dancers performs for the passengers under the sunshine in the lido deck on deck 13. Traditionally and colorfully dressed with many flowers and swaying their arms smoothly. Later an impersonator of Elvis Presley in blue Hawaiian shirt, steps on the stage with a ukulele and started to sing some classics in front of a microphone. The crowd cheers and picked up their cellphones and record live on Facebook, Snapchat, Instagram, or in WhatsApp accounts and send it to their families and friends back home. This early noon party was just the beginning of the New Year's Eve countdown event. Of course, the countdown clock is not yet placed. So let's enjoy this last day of the year, and tomorrow will be a great day for all the guests onboard. The young lion-man in red trunks holds two plates of sliced pizza towards another young lioness in a green bikini, resting on a wooden steamer chair and protected with sunglasses. This little sight reminds Red in his lifeguard days and the time he met Gwen there in their college days. Gwen saw her boyfriend (secretly engaged) coming with her pizza. Red place it on the small wooden table between the two long chairs. \"I hope you like it —it's Hawaiian pizza.\" Red said. With the traditional tomato sauce and cheese, the toppings are Canadian bacon and pineapple, love it or hate it. \"Thanks. But you know, it wasn't invented entirely in Hawaii.\" Gwen stated. \"I know.\" Said Red and holds his slice and bites it. \"Good huh?\" Gwen smirked. Chewing, chewing, and swallowed. Red weakly smiled. \"It's good!\" \"Yeah right!\" She laughs. \"Okay, you got me. Not the best pizza.\" Said Red. \"You said 'Surprise me', and I did.\" And stated. \"Without even trying some before you could've surprise me.\" She said and takes a bite of her slice. After chewing and swallowing, \"It's good! I don't know why people hate pineapple on their pizzas.\" \"I guess your tongue was an exception.\" He muttered. One deck above on deck 14, overlooking the lido deck below where the Hawaiian-themed party is held. Clover wander by herself away from Pricilla and do her walking, feeling a little exited about the party today she clutches on the railing and watches the impersonator on stage. Next to her unexpectedly, Isaac was there. The young human that Pricilla is into. He casually smiles at her, \"Hey, Clover. What's up?\" \"Not much.\" She said with a now pretentious smile. \"As much I like the King of Rock-and-roll, there's always a jackass that acts like him to entertain us.\" \"Pretty much.\" \"So… did you moved to second base with my cuz?\" \"I haven't done anything to her.\" He replied with a chuckle. \"I'm more concerned about you and your cuz.\" \"Why? This is about me and her. Why you're intervening us?\" \"I like Pricilla, but I learned how you two were so close back then.\" He said. \"I see you two are just more than cousins…\" \"We're like sisters, I know.\" The beagle-girl interrupts. \"She isn't the big sister that I used to know. After graduating from high school, she changed just to fit in, that's when you and your friends appeared. After she made her circle of friends, I made my own space. My own world. I no longer needed her… until she needed me for the first time! This!\" She stated. \"You know where fucking the song goes, so I don't wanna play it again.\" Isaac was overwhelmed but he saved his reactions from going into somewhere. He places his forearms on the rail and said. \"That was something, but the damage is done. You're already on this cruise ship, you accepted it because she was begging you, right?\" \"Yeah, so she can be closer to you.\" She again stated. \"I have no problem with inter-species couples, but I'm more concerned about hybridism.\" \"So, you're still mad at her?\" Isaac kept his cool and subject. \"I'm not that mad.\" Clover claimed. \"If you're not mad, then come with us tonight this New Year's Eve. Pricilla wants to make it up for you.\" He announced. \"Don't be by yourself and sleeping alone tonight.\" After a beat of thoughts in her mind, Clover finally spoke, \"Fine… I'll go.\" Isaac was about to say 'great!', but… \"But an under condition; Go tell Pricilla to stop making fun of me while hanging with you guys.\" Isaac nodded. She continues, \"And second; one of you will donate me a bed, 'cause I'm not sleeping on another night on that flattened sofa-bed. Deal?\" She dares. Isaac with no hesitations of her request, he accepts it. \"Deal.\" They are not even that threatening anyway. They both shakes hands. Several decks down to deck 6 at aft. The kids' playing room is filled with joy and laughter. Playing board games, video games, or making arts and crafts. Sasha the shepherd dog-boy plays videos games in multiplayer with other ten-year-olds. Judging their accents, some of these kids must be from different places of the United States or European countries. Cute New York accents, Brooklyn, mid-western, western, or adorable British accents. It's really exploring for Sasha to watch and see people from different nations where he cannot get to. Being on a ship is always welcoming to see people from around the world in one place… …And also, facing gamers from around the world in one place. Sasha never thought they would beat him in person unlike online gameplay. \"Dang! You're really that good?\" Sasha exclaimed. \"Years of playing since seven.\" Said a deer-boy from Canada. \"If you play against the teen kids in a tournament convention, you're so toast!\" Sasha said. \"Sasha, your father is here to pick you up.\" One of the nannies running the facility called. Sasha turned around and turned back to the other fellow kids playing. \"See ya, guys!\" He stands up and go right before another kid steps in and hold the game controller. Sasha meets up with his father with a small change in appearance. \"Hey, Dad! What's with the hair?\" \"Just a haircut for the gala tonight.\" The older shepherd dog-man said. \"What gala?\" \"Come on, I'll tell you on the way.\" The two leave the facility, walking through the corridor of passenger cabins. \"Guess what, we got invited to the captain's table this New Year's Eve. I want you to look sharp for tonight.\" Said Joshua. \"We're dining with the captain!?\" The little pup exclaimed. \"Uh-huh, we're partying in the ballroom tonight.\" He said. \"But first, let's go to our stateroom and video chat with your mother.\" \"Mom should have been here right now if it wasn't for that business trip.\" Sasha said. \"I know, son.\" Joshua replied. The father and son reached the elevator sets and steps in one of them. The door closes after a ding. On the bridge, Officer Nadir enters the state-of-the-art room with so many complicated-looking technology maned by the crew. Captain Whiteford gave the order to Nadir to take charge the bridge over Officer Snowdon. Once there, the polar bear-man stands there in his post. The husky dog-man noticed that Officer Greyson was there a few feet way. Aware of his silly antics, he'll have to private talk to Snowdon. \"Mr. Snowdon.\" He approaches. \"Yes?\" The white bear-man responded. \"I'll take charge here for now and…\" He moves a little closer to him to his ear. In a whisper, \"Whiteford wants you at his office.\" Standing back, Snowdon nodded. \"Nadir, what's going on?\" Greyson started with small grin. \"None of your business, Grey.\" He stated with cold tone. Snowdon, without a word, retires his post, leaving the bridge and walks directly to Captain's quarters. This is kind of unexpected, what would the skipper wants? Snowdon arrived at the door with the small sign of Captain's Quarters. He knocks the door. \"Come in, Mr. Snowdon.\" Whiteford voice is heard. No hesitations, Snowdon opens the door casually calm. \"You wanted me to see me, Captain?\" He spoke when he spotted the bird-man siting behind his desk. \"Yes, have a seat.\" Whiteford gestured the seat across. Snowdon moves a few steps and sat down. Removing his cap hat and put it on his lap. The captain's stateroom is like a common passenger suite stateroom, but has an office. Behind the albatross bird-man's desk and seat is a large floor-to-ceiling bay window with the sea in movement. The desk is rather simple with a few personal items; Two picture frames of his wife and children; One of those typical gyroscopic toy models that moves infinity; A small 1:900 scale replica model of the MS Amphitrite of 1968, an old retired liner of Royal Trident Lines since 2009. It was also Whiteford's first ship to command as captain and sailed on her last voyage before she was sent to the scrappers. Snowdon kept in silence while waiting for Whiteford, organizing his things before starting. He finished, and stared at Snowdon for a short moment. \"When did you started working for Royal Trident, Mr. Snowdon?\" He asked a question, Mr. Snowdon. His eyes blinked, \"Uhh, since 2014, sir. I used to work in shipping services in the St. Laurent as seaman before I joined here, eh?\" He replied. He couldn't help it but let that dialect go. \"Yes, yes, of course, I remember.\" The albatross-man stands up from his office chair. \"You latter joined the maritime academy in London and made it to where you wanted to be. They've honored you the Seaman of the year.\" Whiteford said. \"Yes, I've been honored to that.\" Snowdon said. \"Well, it looks like the line will honor you in a more deserving manner.\" He pulls his black jacket and drew his feathered hand in, picks an envelope out and extents his arm to him. \"Congratulations, Mr. Snowdon.\" He smiles. Snowdon picks it, takes a look at the envelope. An official Royal Trident delivery message especially to be sent to Oscar Snowdon. With his sharp claw, he tears it open with his index finger. A single folded paper written by the cruise lines' President's own words. Snowdon carefully reads the message… To his utter surprise, this was definitely unexpected. \"They… they want me onboard the Oceanus as Captain this spring!\" Just only his eyes widen, he's holding his emotions. He stands up from his seat. \"They've promoted me as captain!\" He calmly said, a little loud though. Good thing his tail is short, Whiteford cannot see it wagging. Whiteford chuckles, \"I knew you'd be amazed about it.\" \"This… This is… This is so… I'm so…\" Snowdon is loss of words. \"Tell you what, let's celebrate together this New Year's Eve at the ballroom, my treat.\" Whiteford announced. \"Th-that'd be great, sir! Thank you.\" \"My pleasure. Dismissed.\" They shook hands and just in time for Snowdon's short tail to calm down. He turned away to the door and, \"Snowdon.\" He turned back to him, \"Yes?\" \"Happy New Year.\" He hearty smiled. Snowdon smiles, \"Thank you, sir.\" He closes the door. Joshua and Sasha's penthouse suite had just been cleaned recently by a stewardess before the two came back. Clean as always. Joshua fetches his laptop from his suitcase under his bed, placed it on the living room table, unfolding, turns it on, connects the ship's free wi-fi onboard. After a little while, Mrs. Parkinson's online. \"Is this on? Joshua?\" A female shepherd appeared on screen with a surprising background of the beach, palm trees, beachgoers and surfers. \"Aloha, Claire. How's in Honolulu?\" \"Hilo, actually.\" \"Hi, Mom!\" Sasha popped out next to his father. \"Hi, Sasha, how you two been doing?\" \"Mom, this ship is amazing! There's like five pools, a rock-climbing wall, lots of food, a magician, and we even took a tour at the engine room!\" Sasha enthusiastically said. \"It seems you two are having fun.\" She said. \"Sure we do.\" Joshua smiled. \"Well, I just want to tell you both to have a wonderful Happy New Year. I know I won't be with spending it with you two tonight, but I hope you have fun together.\" She said. \"Same to you, Claire –Happy New Year.\" Joshua said until he noticed Sasha already left for the bathroom. \"Where he go?\" Claire asked. \"Nature calls.\" Joshua stated. \"You haven't said a word to Sasha about it, have you?\" She suddenly said. \"Uh, no. Not yet.\" Joshua replied. \"Do you want to tell him now?\" \"No, not now. We'll tell him when you two get here.\" She said. Not long, Sasha came back from the bathroom and sits next to his father. \"Um, Sasha, stay for a little while with your mom, okay?\" Joshua said and stands up from the couch. Before entering the bathroom he glimpses at his son talking happily with his mother at the other end. When will I tell him? Parkinson thought. The Grand Ballroom is at its preparations for the New Year's Eve event. Located right above the Grand Dining Room, this hidden-like room taking the entire width of the ship of 140 is only for Silver and Golden Card members and to get there is by entering the ballroom's entrance foyer on deck 7, 6 and 5 which consist of staircases to lead you down to the grand entrance of the large room. Rising three decks high of deck 4, 5, and 6 at mid-aft with just occupying two levels; the lower lever which has the multiples tables of different sizes: circulars on the center and squares on both port and starboard sides. It has two tall Christmas trees on each side of the stage; one is red for port (left) and other is green for starboard (right). And as a ballroom, it has a large dance floor for the guess and performers under the crystal chandeliers and glass cover skylight. While the second level of deck six which overlooks above the vast room, it has six tables of poker, three on each side, for the fellow gamblers onboard. On top of it all, two twin elegant staircases gives the grand welcoming of the guests. Aubrey Quinlivan stands on stage rehearsing for the evening party with other several musicians practicing on stage. Sidney and Foxley watches the horse-woman while they were decorating the tables: table cloths, utensils, plates, glass cups, napkins, etc. \"Must say, Aubrey is getting better.\" Sidney said. Then he saw the rabbit-woman coming down in a hurry. \"Where are the student orchestra band, they suppose to be rehearsing here.\" Miss Blake mutters. \"Miss Blake, I heard they were at the theater.\" Foxley said. \"Mr. Collins told them they can practice there.\" He added. \"Is that true? Well, thank you, Foxley.\" \"Miss Blake, uh, where are you gonna be this evening?\" Sidney asked. \"I'll be hosting at the promenade hall on deck 2. Your friend Lani will be there performing.\" She said. \"Damn, I would look forward to see her.\" Said Sidney. \"I'm sorry, Mr. Jennings, but we all have a job to do.\" Stated Joyce and left. Sidney turned to the fox-man. \"Hey, I've hear Kacy will be serving at the disco lounge. Why they changed her to there?\" \"Mr. Peters is badly ill, so Chief sent Miss Fullerton to take his place.\" \"Ah, I see. She'll have one wild night there.\" Smiled Jennings. The two stewards chuckled. Rico Marrero's ocean view stateroom on deck 5 is barely touched by just a solo traveler. The stateroom's single window is covered with curtains. Tired, regretted, not motivated to write a review about the islands nor the ship. The young Hispanic haven't left his stateroom for almost a day. He did have left a few times for breakfast and lunch. Now that diner time will arrive, he would just go again to the buffet restaurant on deck 12. He really wished his little cousin could have come onboard and cheer him up after his lover left him alone this New Year's Eve. What can he do? The cabin's door knocks, despite that Rico put a 'Do not disturb' sign on the door knob. It could be one of the stewards who will inform him about his next flight from Hilo to New York. He have to figure it out. He stands from his bed, stretches his back, and put some robe on. Through the peephole, he sees a wolf-man waiting. He wonders and opens the door. \"Good afternoon, Rico. How's it going?\" Ryder Wolfson greeted. Rico noticed what's looks like he's holding a formal white tux with a clothe hanger covered in transparent sheet. \"Hey, Wolfson, just enjoying my trip.\" A hint of sarcasm was heard. \"Listen, me and Kale will be at the ballroom tonight and we were wondering if you'd like to come with us. How's that sound?\" After short beat of silence. Rico felt rather unsecured, unsure, or being a bother to them. Ryder started, \"Come on, Rico, this is the last day of the year and you're going to spend it on loneliness?\" Rico sighed, \"You're a good friend, aren't you, Ryder?\" He said. \"I can see why you won Summers' heart like that. Hah… I guess I should enjoy my bachelorhood while it last before I could move on. There's nothing more I can do about Clara anymore. Not even Tiago.\" He looks down his crossed arms. After another sigh, he then looks at him. \"I'll go, thanks for the offer, Ryder.\" \"Really? Great! No problem, Rico, just thought I could do something in return after being your best customer.\" Ryder smiled. \"I guess I can accept your offer.\" Rico sightly smiled, he looks at the protected tux. \"What's with the tux?\" Curiously asked. \"Ah, I rented it for Kale to wear it.\" He replied. \"He didn't brought his own?\" \"He does, but I wanted him to wear this one for tonight.\" \"I see… Well, I'll see you then.\" Rico said and closed the door. \"Well, that was easy.\" Said Ryder to himself. \"I think.\" The sea weather is getting calmer to flatten and the wind getting lighter. Which the passengers were surprised to see the orange ocean like a mirror, a strange ultimate mirage phenomenon to ever been seen before and the sun is making it more dramatically beautiful for the sightseers. The ever last sunset of 2020 to be witness at sea. In the master suite stateroom on deck 12. The two lion couple stay in the living room watching a romantic movie together with Red's left arm around Gwen's shoulders. The movie just ended with its credits rolling. \"You know, this movie is giving me the idea to tell your dad about our proposal.\" Said Red. Gwen sighed, \"What's your plan?\" \"Tell me: When?\" Red stated, he moves more closely to her. \"I feel a little impatient. Come on, it's New Year's Eve! This is a great day to tell your father.\" \"Just please, I'll figure it out.\" Gwen frowned. The stateroom's door opens, both lions separate from each other when Mr. Kershaw steps in. \"Hey, kids, how we doing?\" \"We're good.\" Said Red and rest his left leg on the other knee. \"I hope I didn't interrupted anything.\" \"It's alright, sir, you didn't startled us.\" Red assured. Kershaw walks into the minibar and picks some bottles for a small cocktail. \"Russell, do you think it's possible to stop calling me 'sir'? I really feel old when you do that.\" Lionel said. \"Sure, no problem, Mr. Kershaw.\" Simple as that. \"You know, I thought we had an agreement here?\" \"Oh please, Dad, we're just sitting. People sit.\" Gwen said. \"Look, honey, I'm not trying to give you guys a hard time, but we have discussed this, you know? Technically, you're still under my roof and sometimes I don't feel comfortable with the two of you in here…\" \"Dad, please stop.\" Gwen interrupts. \"Have you seen the size of this cruiser? Don't you think we could find a zillion places to do that thing you think we wanna do if we wanted?\" \"Gwendolyn, I'm simply saying…\" \"Dad, I'm tired of your patronizing tone… I'm really over it.\" She stated and walks to the other door to her bedroom. Slamming the door shut. Red just stand there with a light whistle. Kershaw starts, \"Russell, have she ever treated you like this?\" \"A few times.\" Red widely grinned of nervousness. The orange sea turns to dark-blue this evening, countless of stars bright the night along with the moon. Passengers spends the early evening in other activities, watching talent show, gambling, live music in the jazz club lounge, or shopping in the promenade hall on deck 2. The passengers and crew prepares for one great night to remember. The Rycrofts are tidying things up in their stateroom before going to dinner. \"Jett, can you help me with the zipper on my back?\" Stephanie asked while adding a white silk ribbon bow on the back of her hair to match her knee-length white dress. \"I'm busy, Steph.\" Jett replied. He's still can't figure how to tie a necktie. \"Mom, can you help Steph to zipper her?\" Jett called out. \"Coming.\" Said Carolyn in a black and gold dress. \"Sylvester, can you help Jett fix his tie?\" \"Sure do.\" Replied Rycroft. \"Seriously, son, you should really learn how to tie this.\" \"It's not easy from where I see.\" Said Jett. \"I'm surprised we're sitting on the captain's table this evening.\" Said Carolyn and zipped Stephanie's dress. \"I bet he's just wants an autograph from Jett.\" Stephanie joked. \"Can we go now?\" Jett moaned. \"Are we all ready?\" Sylvester said. \"Let's get going. The party starts at eight.\" The four of them left the stateroom to the elevators to deck seven at the foyer. Few decks down to deck 6 aft, once again the deck is almost deserted at night except for Ryder and Kale with one shiny silver vase. At the very end of the ship's stern. Following Kale's grandfather's will: releasing some ashes into the Pacific Ocean. The two together said a few words before they could begin. Awkward for Ryder because he never met him. \"Are you ready?\" The wolf-man said. Kale nodded. With a small shovel he picks some of his grandfather's ashes from the urn and the wind blows it away. \"Feeling proud?\" Said Ryder. \"It feels great.\" Said Kale. \"I've never done this before though.\" \"Never? Then who were the ones who've done this?\" \"Mostly my father, he travels more often than I have. He covered most of my grandfather's will.\" Kale stated. \"Huh… Well, let's go –time to celebrate.\" Kale smiles and the pair went back inside. The ballroom is packed up. Guests were guided to their respective tables. Stewards took action in taking orders. The kitchen in full steam. And to keep the guest busy, an orchestra band from a university in Los Angeles plays on stage, crewmen staff dancers dressed in Victorian customs with masks doing the waltz on the dance floor, each one paired with a partner, everyone spinning at the same rhythm. These students playing are really talented thanks to their conductor professor of music class. The diners listen and watch silently. Sasha yawns at this, \"This is boring, Dad.\" His father then shushed him. They were among who were invited by the captain on his table. Also were the Rycrofts, and Mr. Kershaw once again, Captain Whiteford himself and First Officer Snowdon who is joining tonight, and other fellow passengers. Two empty seats were left in the 12-seat table, the couple have their own plans this evening. Other neighboring tables were also Portia Matthews and her colleague, Malcolm Robertson with Security Officer Thomas Furlong who's off duty tonight. Mr. and Mrs. Maxwell at another table at near port side with other diners with Hotel Manager Nicolas Collins and Dr. Daxner. Ricardo Marrero made it to the invite of Wolfson and Summers this evening party. The orchestra band ends their last symphony with the dancers pausing their last artistic pose of holding their partner, the diners applauded their grandeur performance. The dancers bowed at their audience and leave gracefully to the twin staircases and waving. The albatross bird-man steps on stage and picks the microphone. \"Ladies and gentlemen, a big round of applause for Professor Tanner and its pupils of Los Angeles Waterfront University.\" The audience thundered in ovation. The conductor and his students stand up and bow forward. After the claps, Whiteford continues, \"Well, good evening ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls. I'm Captain Whiteford speaking from the bridge or ought to say the stage.\" The guests laughed. \"Before we could start, I would like to say a few words this evening. In Greek mythology, the ocean has been the cradle of rebirth. Since man emerged from these salty depths we have looked to water as a chance to begin anew. Poseidon… was the god of the sea. He made his home on the ocean floor in a palace of coral and gems. When he was in a good mood, Poseidon created new lands and calmed seas for clear sailing. And so, what better way to celebrate the birth of a new year than borne on the back of the old fellow himself? May you all have clear sailing in the new year and all the years to come.\" After finishing, guests cheer and applauded. Then up-tempo music started to play. \"Ladies and gentlemen, the incomparable… Aubrey!\" Whiteford extends his arm and gesturing to the coming singer walking on stage. The brown horse-woman in a sparkling light-blue gown takes over the stage and started to do her job. The empty dance floor quickly started to fill up, everybody started up the mood. The party had just begun. \"Come on, Stephanie! Let's dance!\" Sasha cried. Taking Stephanie's hand and jumping. \"Ah! Sasha, wait!\" Cried Stephanie. Just in time for Jett to grab his unoccupied hand. \"Go easy on her, she has a boyfriend.\" Jett smirked. The little dog-boy gave him a mocking tongue in response. The two then disappears in the dancing crowd. Sylvester laughs, \"Your boy is quite the ladies man, doesn't it, Mr. Parkinson?\" Joshua tried to keep it together, \"Yeah, I believe he got it from my genes when I used to lure my Claire back in my youth. Still amazes me, actually.\" \"About Mrs. Parkinson,\" Carolyn started, \"what she do for business?\" \"Unlike me, she's co-owner of Aquatic Boutique. She's in Hilo for an opening of a new shop there.\" \"Aquatic Boutique? That's my daughter's favorite store?\" \"Oh yes, they were aiming for young teens alike.\" Joshua added. Jett starred at the tall lion-man almost across the rounded table, \"Excuse me, sir, by any chance you're Lionel Kershaw? World's greatest firefighter?\" Jett asked. Lionel slightly smiles, \"You're looking the right lion, young man.\" \"So, you are the famous Kershaw. Last time I've heard from you; you were mayor of San Fransisco.\" Parkinson said. \"Correct, but I'm now retired.\" Said Kershaw. \"Are you traveling alone, Mr. Kershaw?\" Asked Carolyn. \"No, I'm with my daughter and her boyfriend.\" He replied. \"We're just taking a family vacation like you and your kids.\" Just then Gwen and Red walks towards him. The two aren't wearing anything formal; Gwen in a low collard red shirt and gray skinny pants; and Red in black long-sleeved turtle neck shirt under his black blazer and black jeans. \"And speaking of the devil, here they come.\" \"Hi, Dad. We'll be at the disco place.\" \"All right, sweetie, have fun…\" He lowers his voice, \"And please, one more button, okay?\" \"The twins? Dad.\" \"Please?\" She obeyed and fix one unbuttoned button. \"Come on, Red, let's go.\" The first spicy song ends and the audience cheers and claps, Aubrey speak with the mic, \"Ladies and gentlemen, pick up your partner. We're slowing it down. This song got me to the semifinals.\" The musicians begins to play the next song and the guests huddles closer with their partners, more people are entering in the wooden floor. Sylvester stands up from his seat and hands his hand to her. \"Come here, Carolyn, I know you want to.\" He said. She smiles and holds his hand and the two went on to the crowd. Leaving Jett alone with the other uninterested diners, he's still waiting for his steak he ordered a while ago. Stephanie, who is dancing with Sasha, due to his small stature, he's holding the tiger-girl a little rather uncomfortable; his left hand with her hand, but his right hand is not even near on her waist. \"What's wrong, Sasha?\" Stephanie asked, he was moving uncomfortable. \"I gotta go. Where's the restroom?\" He said. \"The restrooms are on the second floor. Take the stairs. Men's room on your left.\" Stephanie pointed at the forward stairs. Without wasting seconds, Sasha marches directly to the grand staircase to the upper deck. Leaving Stephanie alone on the dance floor. Like Cinderella, but instead, it's the prince who leaves her. With her boyfriend Kent in the Bahamas and she's also on the holidays with her family to Hawaii, there are times that she wants to spend the holidays with her new love interest. It's her first boyfriend and all. They have meet just this single semester and she wants to see him more often as possible. Earlier, she received a message from him in WhatsApp, granting her with best wishes to her and family this New Year's Eve and Nassau had just struck midnight before them. That was really nice of him. \"I see your little partner is having a bathroom break.\" Said a voice. Just close to her, the polar bear-man came to her with a lending hand. \"First Officer Snowdon at your service.\" \"Sure.\" She smiles and accepted the offer. She had to admit, it's better than dancing someone under her size. And this one was more prince-like. \"It seemed Stephanie has now a better partner.\" Sylvester said, continuing slow dancing with Carolyn, in a more romantic manner. \"I actually danced, like, seven boys at the prom back in my high school years.\" Carolyn said. \"I was like the 'backup dancer'.\" She smiles lovely at Sylvester. \"Until you came in the spotlight, and you kindly take me under the lights.\" Now Rycroft is blushing, \"Oh, you…\" \"And you said those three magic words.\" The tiger-woman leans her head closer to him. \"I wanna hear it…\" She whispers. \"Say what? Anybody can say 'I love you'.\" \"Then why you wouldn't say it?\" \"It's sounds so corny.\" \"Oh… Please…?\" She please. \"Then I rather show you.\" He smirkily said, he purrs and nuzzles under her neck, tickling her. Carolyn giggles. \"Oh, how romantic.\" Said Portia as she was watching the other slow dancers, she's wearing a silk green gown. \"This boat is like the Pacific Princess with lots of champagne in one night.\" \"And you couldn't even get yourself a date tonight.\" Added Malcolm. \"Humph, it's not my fault that I have to cover my next articles.\" The blonde woman said. \"Besides, there's still a long way. We have, like, two weeks of vacation?\" \"Better work fast then. Most of our colleagues already have dates this year.\" The two-deck high promenade hall on deck 2 has begun the countdown. A billboard sign with the numbers dropping to zero is placed for everyone can see. Adjacent to the atrium at forward, the entire area is filled to the excitement. The cruise director, as their host of this evening, she stands on a small stage near the tall statue in her dark-blue dress with her name tag on her left, picks up the mic and fearlessly face the vast audience. \"Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls. Welcome and welcome to all. This is your cruise director, Joyce Blake. And on behalf of the entire Royal Trident family. We are so glad that you all made it to come and celebrate this extraordinary planet with us this New Year's Eve. Tomorrow, we'll literally start the new year in paradise and style.\" She said. \"Haven't you all thought about that?\" The crowd cheered wildly. \"To begin this event before the countdown strikes at midnight. We'd like to give our guests a piece of Hawaiian culture before we arrive at the big island.\" Native music started to play. \"Happy New Year, everyone!\" The dancing group appeared at both side from the atrium and met together at entering the hall like a festival parade. The natives sings their language with arms raised in the air as in a tradition of their gods. Following men juggling with fire sticks and one boar-man exhaling fire through it. Lani dances through the parade with many onlookers from the second level of the hall taking pictures cheering with smiles and laughter. On deck 3 at mid-ship, the disco lounge is running wild like a nocturnal jungle. The dance floor is lighted with colors by sweeping lights and the iconic disco ball shines the entire set. The DJ player, a black jaguar-man painted in fluorescent colors on his fur behind the professional equipment, playing and keeping the music wild. The ship's magician, Floyd Archer steps on the lounge, looking just sharp as always is. Hitting on the bar area and sights the entire place. \"Not bad for a celebration. This is how they want to end their year.\" He said to himself. Then saw Kacy the waitress. \"Yo, Kacy! Martini, okay?\" \"Coming right up!\" She replied, but she already has a tray with two drinks for the pair nearby. She walks steadily with her mid-high heel shoes of her waitress uniform, not minding the ship's slight movements. Arriving at the pair of lions on the two-seat table, \"Here you go, one mojito and one tropical sunrise. Enjoy.\" \"Thank you, miss.\" Said Gwen. The Caucasian waitress quickly left them and back to her next order. \"How did Peters handle this much crowd?\" She muttered to herself. \"Gwen, have you thought of wearing it?\" Red said. \"The ring? I don't have the courage to wear it.\" Gwen replied. \"Then wear it now. Later, we can announce your father our proposal together.\" Red said. \"How about it? You really need to chill out.\" Gwen smiles and holds his hand. The booth tables were fully occupied like VIP reserves. Luckily for the youngsters of seven: Spencer (the bear-man), Christine (the human-girl), Royce (the lynx-man), Isaac (the human-boy), Megan (the cheetah), Pricilla and Clover (the beagle-girls) has one booth for their farewell of the old year. The guys are wearing flashy while the girls looking informally hot. This could be Clover's first time getting out of her shell since for a long time. \"So, Spencer,\" Megan started, \"when we get to Hawaii, what are we gonna do there?\" \"At Hilo, we'll be taking a tour to the National Park. We're exploring volcanoes and caves and stuff!\" Said Spencer. \"That sounds pretty scary.\" Said Christine. \"We're not actually seeing lava up close, Christine. We're taking in a more relaxing and explorative way.\" Assured Isaac. \"This would be better than seeing pine trees in Rhode Island.\" Said Pricilla. \"What do you think, Clover?\" \"Green, biodiversity, close to nature? I'm in…\" Clover shrugged. No longer mad, no longer distance nor cold. She's releasing well. \"Hey, guys, let's crank up tonight!\" Royce cried and drank his whole drink. \"Come on, Megan!\" He picks her up from her seat. \"Wait! I haven't finished my drink!\" Megan cried. Too late and Royce already placed her on the crowded floor. Back at the ballroom, the music get louder to dance in places around the floor. The cheers and laughters cannot be stopped. Jennings, Foxley and other stewards stopped by in every table to handle New Year's Eve hats and plastic sparkling tiaras to their diners, and small confetti cannons. Midnight it's coming around the corner. A greened-scaled dragon-man steward handles a tiara to Mrs. Maxwell, and Killian a black plastic top hat. \"Well, thank you.\" The cat-woman smiled and put it on. \"How do I look?\" To Killian. \"You look sparkling tonight.\" Maxwell said and puts his plastic top hat on. \"Mrs. Maxwell, I see you have made a full recovery today.\" Said Dr. Daxner. \"Oh yes, thanks to you.\" She said. \"I'm sorry about the other day, I'm was just worried about her.\" Killian declared. \"It's all right, Mr. Maxwell.\" Said Daxner. \"I apology accepted.\" \"Good thing it wasn't the norovirus.\" Said Mr. Collins. At another table, Rico is having fun for the first time since boarding. He really is glad he was invited by Ryder and Kale to assist the event. Like he said before, \"Better enjoy my bachelorhood while it last.\" Earlier his cousin sent him a message from his home country that it struck midnight, he then told him he have to wait until his turn. The three fellow diners in their best tuxedos. Rico curiously asked about their jobs and hobbies, then they both asked about him which was kind of interesting. \"At 23, I started working as travel agent.\" Said Rico. \"So I've been traveling on many cruises around and sailing on the newest ships introduced and write a review about it, best part of my job. I have so many followers.\" \"You've travel a lot? How many cruises you've been?\" Asked Kale. \"I don't know, I lost counting after 15.\" He stated. \"What matters is that you really been seeing the whole world before you die, right, Rico?\" Said Ryder. \"Yeah, that's right.\" He grinned and take a sip of his drink, no more alcohol for him tonight. \"Rico, are you really leaving when we arrive at Hilo?\" Ryder asked. \"Why you're asking? You guys don't need me while traveling.\" \"You've been behaving like yourself since you came here.\" Said Ryder. \"Just now. Here. I guess you are too easy to live on. I think you were just exaggerating.\" All of this was courtesy of Kale Summers as psychologist. Rico looked down his glass of soft drink, \"I guess I have exaggerated.\" After a beat, he sighed. \"Tell you what…? I'll tell you my decision before we come to Hilo. Am I clear?\" \"Sure, have it your way.\" Said Ryder. \"Ladies and gentlemen! We have 20 minutes before midnight!\" Declared Aubrey on stage. The entire crowd in the ballroom wildly cried.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5: Watership Down The horizon is nearly visible with the moon shinning the dark-blue, glass-like sea. The natural planetarium in the skies is ten times amazing to see in person. Away from the rustling and bustling cities' skylines obstructing the natural night light. The Poseidon transpacific liner is still miles away from shore until arriving the sixth day of her journey. Chief Officer Nadir is in charge of the bridge at this time, he patiently, routinely check the ship's radar. He didn't mean to bother Officer Seabridge every time he checks on it. Still as always on the screen: clear, in their middle of nowhere with a few ships close by. The closest ship is over 80 miles away. And in a few more miles the Poseidon will soon pass the Tropic of Cancer in three or five hours after midnight. The interior of the bridge is rather dimly dark for better view outside forward and both sides. The crew is calm and confident, but not in the mood for New Year's Eve celebration. \" Should all acquaintances be for… \" Second Officer Greyson was signing but was then shushed and glared. \"Quiet, Grey, please.\" Shushed Chief Officer Nadir. \"Kennedy, report.\" The husky dog-man asked the Sixth Officer, a brown-haired human officer. \"Chief, the cargo ship Southern Tropic , is reporting a series of swells coming from the southeast.\" Announced Kennedy. After listening, Nadir slowly walks to the port side wing, staring at nowhere in front of the glass window, mostly darkness. And stars. \"Sir?\" Kennedy asked. He turned back to the crew, specifically to Kennedy. \"Give me the latest status, Kennedy, I want to be sure.\" He said. The second highest rank on the ship, still have the captain's license, Hunter Nadir could have never been wrong in his 34 years of his career. \"Seabridge, radar!\" He asked the seagull bird-man. \"Clear as always, sir. No trucks around.\" Seabridge announced. \"Shore, the weather!\" Nadir asked the penguin-man fourth officer. \"Wind: 2 miles per hour. The sea: flat as a mill pond.\" Reginald Shore reported. \"Never in my life have I ever seen such a calm ocean like this, sir.\" \"Chief, I have a full report from the Southern Tropic 's weather condition.\" Kennedy announced. \"Put it on speaker.\" He ordered. After a beep, \" Southern Tropic, this is Chief Officer Nadir of MS Poseidon . Can you give me information of a series of swells from the southeast? Over.\" A static followed, \" This is Southern Tropic . Swells are over 20 feet tall, maximum as 30 feet. Coast Guard and Hilo Seismographic Station are not reporting any subsea earthquakes anywhere on the open. We're over 80 miles from your position at southeast. One wave struck our cargo container and we're immediately changing our course. Over.\" \"Any assistance needed? Over.\" Asked Nadir. \" Negative. We're sailing at our own power. We'll be all right. Over .\" The Southern Tropic replied. Hearing enough, Nadir said, \"This is Poseidon . Thank you for your information. Out.\" He turns to Third Officer Holmes, \"We all battened down, Mrs. Holmes?\" \"Tight as a button, sir.\" Said Holmes. Five minutes left for midnight. The guest are getting excited for this grand moment, tension is getting high. Some icemen placed an ice sculpture in the middle of captain's table which Carolyn quickly identifies it as the one being displayed in the atrium. \"So, that's the deity this ship is named after, huh?\" \"That's right, Mrs. Rycroft.\" Said Captain Whiteford. \"The Greek God Poseidon. Also God of storms, tempest, earthquakes and other miscellaneous natural disasters. Quite an ill-tempered fellow.\" Since 1932, the line has been naming their ships after Greek gods and goddesses. Historically speaking, Poseidon is the third ship of Royal Trident to bear the name. First one launched in 1935 as an ocean liner; the second in 1975 as a cruise ship; and now the third, one magnificent ocean liner carrying the legacy for many years to come. Captain Whiteford glances his watch: four minutes to go. \"Will you all excuse me? Duty calls. Mr. Rycroft, will you take charge of my table?\" \"Sure do, Captain.\" Said Sylvester. \"It's all on me!\" He jokingly raised his cup to everyone and the fellow diners laughed. \"Oh, you…\" Carolyn responded. \"Sasha, where's your hat?\" Joshua asked. Before Sasha could reply, Jennings quickly arrive on time with a hat, \"Here you go, young man! And here's a party horn!\" \"Thank you, sir!\" Sasha said and the steward left in a swift to the kitchen with his colleagues. \"Ladies and gentlemen! Your attention, please!\" Captain Whiteford on stage announced. \"It's two minutes for midnight!\" The crowd finally cheered and clapped, it's about time. \"All please stand and fill your glasses!\" Some hurriedly went back to their tables and prepare before going back to the dance floor. Everyone wearing silly hats and tiaras, holding confetti cannons and streamers. \"Jett, it's almost midnight, get up!\" Stephanie started, but Jett's reply is blowing the small party horn and raspberry her the long colorful paper roll like a snake's tongue. \"Oh, you…\" She glared. Removing the whistle, \"Can you take a joke?\" Jett said. On the other table, \"You guys ready?\" Rico asked. \"We're ready, baby!\" Ryder cried. A stewardess quickly fills everyone's cups. \"Don't be by yourself, Marrero. Stand next to us.\" Kale said. \"Pues claro.\" He said. Whilst at the other table, \"Here we go, Malcolm! One last toast! Let's get rid of this blasted old year!\" Portia said. \"You can say that again.\" Malcolm said. Everyone on the promenade hall and atrium on deck 2 and others overlooking on deck 3 are gathered up and screaming, cheering ecstatically while watching the billboard sign counting down to zero; \"One minute!\" Cried Miss Blake. The disco lounge is the same as everyone onboard, a lot of tension going on. Ready to welcome the birth of the New Year. The youngsters quickly filled their drinks of champagne to even spill it on their hands. \"Careful, Spencer! You're spilling.\" Megan cried. \"Sorry, sorry! Everyone filled up?\" \"Yeah!\" They replied. \"I'm good.\" Said Clover with her non-alcohol drink. Back in the filled ballroom, the cheers are getting fuller than ever, Captain Whiteford started to shout, \"Fifteen second! Fourteen…\" \" THIRTEEN! \" Everyone followed! Chanting. \" TWELVE!\" \" ELEVEN!\" \" TEN!\" \" NINE!\" \" EIGHT!\" \" SEVEN!\" \" SIX!\" \" FIVE!\" \" FOUR!\" \" THREE!\" \" TWO!\" \" ONE!\" From a bird's eye view, the liner blares her horn out the open. Welcoming the New Year: 2021. \" HAPPY NEW YEAR! \" The entire ship cried of happiness. Confetti, streamers, gold and silver balloons released from the nets on the ceiling raining lightly down to the ground. Glass cups with champagne striking one another continuously. Countless cheers, whistling, kissing, hugs, and hand shakes spread in seconds. The biggest emotion of happiness, the biggest moment to move on the New Year is here, right now, this is the new beginning. The unforeseen futures are just ahead. Aubrey, Whiteford, and Snowdon cheers with glasses together and happy new year to one another. Sylvester and Carolyn kissed under their funny hats. Same for the Maxwells too. Ricardo hand shakes or hugs his fellow friends and saying it in Spanish, \"Feliz Año Nuevo!\" Kale and Ryder kissed with not even a care in the whole world. Sasha jumps to his father and hugs him. The stewards and kitchen staff privately celebrate their little brake with champagne on their glasses and cheering the continuing phrase \"Happy New Year\". The crowd in the promenade hall felt the same way, filming live on their social media accounts and sent it to their families and friends. Same for the disco lounge as Pricilla and her friends sent their short Happy New Year message video to their families back home, wishing for a happy time and many more years to come. Russell and Gwen takes selfies of them kissing with the entire crowd on the dance floor behind them. Aubrey started to sing Auld Lang Syne and the entire crowd in the ballroom followed the lyrics together. This is definitely the best night of everyone's lives on this big cruise! On the bridge, quiet from the party going on. They know is already midnight. \"Happy New Year, everyone.\" Declared Officer Nadir. \"Thank you, sir, same to you.\" Said Greyson. \"Nadir, there's something appearing on the radar.\" Mr. Seabridge announced. The husky dog-man walks to the radar screen with Officer Seabridge. Inspecting it, a long strange crescentic, faded-looking curve line is moving at unusual speed. \"Is it some kind of glitch on the machine, sir?\" The seagull-man officer asked. \"I'll go and check. Greyson, get the binoculars and take a sharp look at the port side wing.\" Ordered Nadir. \"Yes, sir.\" Greyson fetch one and quickly moves from the center to the port side wing. Placing the pair of binoculars in front of his face on top of his muzzle and adjusting the lenses for his sight. Not too long, Officer Kennedy receives a call on the radio, he startles by the loud monotonic but panicking voice. \" Mayday! Mayday! Mayday! This is the Southern Tropic calling! Poseidon ! Please! We're declaring an emergency!\" Following a loud bang, screeching, crashes, then disturbance of screaming men, and static was left hearing. \" Southern Tropic ! Can you read me? Over.\" Nothing came. The crew on the bridge heard it too, but are now waiting for an order from Hunter Nadir. What to do next? \"Oh, my god…\" Greyson said, taking off the binoculars from his sight. \"Shit…\" He grumbles, turning back to reality and started to shout to Nadir. \"Large wave off the port bow!\" \"Hard to port! All engines full astern now!\" Nadir shouted all the top of his lungs. The helmsman take action and spins the wheel to the left. \"Bow thrusters! Full to port now!\" Nadir turns to Officer Kennedy, \"Kennedy! Send a mayday!\" Kennedy grabbed the speaker, pressed the button and inhaled, \"Mayday! Mayday! Mayday! This the MS Poseidon !\" He lets out the latitude and longitude location to any ship or shore to whoever answers. Nadir turns to Holmes, \"Holmes! Sound the general alarm!\" \"Sounding general alarm!\" She pressed the red emergency button without hesitations. The ship slowly turns to the left. Pushing at full speed to port. With her propeller pods and bow thrusters at full capacity, the sudden movement caused a slight unnoticeable list to starboard. The freak nature of water is spreading at incredible speed, pilling up with another wave forward, curving up, strengthening, rising higher over the horizon, and getting dangerously closer to the ship. The ship's music gets harshly interrupted by a loud, familiar, learned alarm. Passenger and crew quieted down abruptly of the unexpected. People looks around in confusion until a second later Third Officer Holmes's voice appears, \" All crew, report to your emergency stations immediately. This is not a drill —I repeat: This is not a drill. All passengers, brace for immediate and heavy rolls .\" The voice runs through out the interior. Confusion, panic, and calamity emerges. The crowd on the promenade hall start to run about on what to do. The rabbit-woman director quickly took the microphone and said, \"Please, don't panic! Passengers, brace yourselves!\" But too impossible to achieve. The muted disco lounge is having a horde of escaping stampedes to the two only exits of the lounge. Isaac screamed to his friends to take cover while Russell and Gwen got themselves lost into the rushing crowd, calling each other's names with no sight of one of them to be seen. People on the ballroom are scamping away to the exits of the giant room. Captain Whiteford himself speechless while Snowdon tried to settle the panicking people. Sylvester Rycroft orders his family to be close together and hold on the table tight whilst Kershaw do the same. Sasha's innocence breaks apart and tears leaking out of his bright puppy eyes while his father is holding him for comfort and security-ness. Rico stood there and lost sight of Ryder and Kale, they were nowhere to be seen, he decides to make a run for his life. Zoey looked closer to one of the windows and saw the tides blocking the trillion of stars in the picture until she manage to make up what it was, she immediately takes her husband's hand and drags him through the escaping crowd. \" Fire, life and safety crews, proceed to your muster stations immediately. This is not a drill .\" Continued Officer Holmes. The roaring wall of water is approaching, over eclipsing the giant liner. The crew on the bridge were almost petrified by the awesome power of water up curling over them. Nadir hoped to face the wave head on to avoid major damage, but the liner didn't turned around enough to face it. Officer Kennedy continued to send an SOS and Officer Holmes shouted on the microphone announcement, \"Brace for impact! It's going to hit!\" The gigantic, up curling, wave created by the oceans' nature phenomenon slams the ship with force to enough to roll it. Roaring, gushing water attacking her superstructure of balconies, flooding instantly, destroying everything in its path. The ship heavily groaned. The bridge tilts aggressively, throwing off the crew off their feet, yelling and screaming, crashing the complicated equipment, holding onto anything or sliding down to starboard. The mass crowd on the promenade hall felt a sudden, violent force. Falling down the stairs, flying over the railings to a resulting thud. Smashing themselves into glass before they realized they're falling by a deck above. Rolling, wheeling, and cartwheeling down. The tensing force pushes couches, tables and chairs and along with people with unintentional relocations in a harsh way. Screaming, high-pitched, yelling, was their answers of their agony and calamity. The giant ballroom topples to starboard, people being catapulted from their feet and fall to the carpeted floor, pushing one another in the same direction. Aubrey, Snowdon and Whiteford loses their foot and fall off the stage with the musicians hitting one another into a pile, dropping their instruments when the Steinway piano uncontrollably slides out of the stage. Rico got pushed and crashed on top of a table with utensil and China on his back, cartwheeling down and pulling off the table cloth and hits a red-haired woman. The crowd sweeps off and slipping the dance floor that a screaming Zoey scratches intensely with her nail claws, leaving a trail of torture and mutilation on the floor as Killian goes after her. Portia screams for help, being dragged by piles of people under her. Carolyn screams when her husband is being sweep by chairs and people, she holds onto the lion-man and the two embraced, rolled on top the table off to starboard. A bird-woman grabs Joshua's jacket and disappears, Sasha screams and let go off the table and Jett swiftly let go and embrace him, Stephanie screams watching her family sliding away. People holds on the bolted tables and watching everything being swept clean. The outside pools sloshes out violently and washed off the terrified pool-goers. The disco caught everyone by surprise when a girder with lights snaps its cables and causing explosive sparks, falls apart and tramples many people on its path, jumping, dodging from being caught it heavily dragged almost every one in the inverting lounge. Russell holds on to the bar, watching the wild agony sight from behind him. Security cameras captures every horrific graphic sight with no audio on every fixed angle on the ship, like being dragged by invisibles demons themselves, taking them into the unknown. The port side cargo crane breaks lose, swings to starboard, crashing rows of bay windows into the library lounge, wrecking it, embedding it. In the Kitchen, glass shattering and breaking crockery, bounding and rebounding to every cook thudding on the bulkhead before sharp utensils rain down upon them. Foxley hangs on the fixed table but let's go before he could be crushed by a heavy refrigerator, falling in to the service door, sparing him. People on the second level falls from the port side balconies overlooking the ballroom —hitting hard on the floor or tables with breaking results. Engineers struggles to hold on in the engine room, but catwalks's bases rips loose, spilling a few men into the air before landing on the hot surface engines. The monster wave splashes the entire frame of the ship, moaning, groaning, and tortured like a dying leviathan in defeat. Cascading all over her superstructure, sparing her two tall resisting funnels until it simultaneously, with along the ship's starboard side, crashing underwater with spectacular waterworks. The indoor pool's glass covered ceiling shatters with explosive watery, attacking the trapped ones. A blow of breach breaks out into the bridge, sending the crew with powerful jets of white cold water through the entire width of the bridge, flooding before they could have taken a breath. Deck 7's windows implodes without warning, catching running passenger and crew on its way, before letting out a cried of help. Falling vertically, a car model in the promenade hall break lose from its base and falls through the pub bar, Lani jumps away from it before it penetrated the lounge with a destructive crash —followed with screams. The ship swings down underwater, creating streams of suction, taking and claiming many drowning victims with it. Reaching close to 180 degrees of no return, the starboard wall in the ballroom with piles of human, beast-men, chairs, tables, and other, falls three decks high to the ceiling but only to be barred by the underside of the upper level balconies. It wasn't enough to stop them from falling when the ship continue to move further, sending rag dolls flying everywhere all over the ceiling-floor and sliding rapidly down to the other wall with more piles of trash crashing on them. Confetti and streamers are still falling all over endlessly. The grand piano falls apart every each hit with terrible multiple keys tones with loud mixes of slam, crashing, and ominous tunes. The twin staircases breaks from the base and together crushed into the ceiling-floor with the middle balcony with it collapsing completely. The red Christmas tree splits in two, leaving the lower half on the floor-ceiling while the green tree (still hanging) swings in circles, dropping its ornaments off. Red falls from his hold and slides with other horrified people before he fell into a slope and hit his back and crash to the sidewall, out of nowhere, a spotlight girder plunges on top of him, crushing and killing people with it, sparks ignited upon impact. One of the glass elevators in the atrium breaks free, taking rail tracks with it which nearly missed the tall statue hanging on the new ceiling, the elevator gets caught on stuck, shattering the glass case, dropping its occupants into the well. A screaming yellow-gown gazelle-woman high-pitched her fall into a dreadful thud into the glass dome before water bursted inside. The ship barrel-rolls further to the surface, rising her starboard side in a mutilated form of an injured beast from a battle, crying for help. Floating in an unrecoverable position. Explosive sounds jerks the ship, a fireball spreads through the crew members' corridors, running, screaming and flailing until they got thousands of degree of burns, eating their fur away to roast. Unable to float back, the ship rolls down, submerging into the lightless watery grave that's waiting for her. The ballroom, once again, piles of screaming livestock falls back to the new floor, spreading back everywhere to the flickering ceiling. Shocking they are now, people hanging onto the bolted tables on the new ceiling. Shrieks, yelling, shoutings, and hysterical screaming, they are struggling to get up, but they lose their grip. One-by-one: a human steward let's go, wailing down and thuds; a puma-woman wildly flails in the air with the most realistic scream of a puma; a otter-man gives up with a strained yelling; a black-gown woman fails and the table top breaks with a crashing thud with the chandelier. The last one, an Akita dog-man in a tux loses his grip without looking back, plunging into the glass covered skylight between the two chandeliers. Shattering bits of glass flying everywhere with his own body, electrocuting him. The room flickers in and out until a loud explosive roar rocks the inverted ship into darkness. Underwater, topside down and bottom up. The bridge flooded with no signs of life but the breathless corpses roaming peace-less inside. Water flooded every part of her superstructure until it reached deck 7. Anyone who where from deck 14 and 7 perished away. Her external lights flicked in and out to shut down. Muffling screams slowly faded to a dead, submerged, silence. Detecting absence of main power; emergency generator kicks in: football-field lights flashes the ship in a green scenery surrounded with submerged debris of bodies, ripped wood, long chairs, bubbles, and escaping life-rafts to the surface. The red coated hull fully exposed to the night sky and surrounded with floating debris emerging from the surface near. Standing like office fans, propeller pods slowly halts to a heavy moaning stop. Silent hissing water from the escaped bubbles until inflatable life-rafts breaks the silence, drifting freely with no occupants in it, instead, bodies floated by without reach. The capsized ship lay there like a dead goldfish in a bowl. All hands are lost.[Chapter 6] Chapter 6: Survivors During the midst of darkness with little of light, people moaning, grunting, roaring, snarling, shrieking, yelping, whining and screaming in pain. Trying to figure out the recent event that lead them into a wild, psychotic-freak of a ride of their life-time. Calling out their names of their love ones or friends in the dark inverted room was almost useless to do so. A loud exploding spark startled everyone in a sudden, the lights slowly came back on. The two chandeliers, toppled like cracked wedding cakes after a crash party, lights up the set. The center skylight burst a second electric blow with the dead dog-man body, another round of scared screamers bursts. Someone screamed, \"WE'RE ON ROOF! WE'RE ON ROOF!\" The ballroom recovers almost all its lights, revealing the mass mess it has done after the ship rolled-over. It was like a battlefield with chairs thrown everywhere till it shattered to pieces, broken glass and crockery spread every corner. The two curvy and elegant stairs were smashed down to the ceiling-floor, leaving a complete pile of debris and twisted steel. A huge mix of aroma of spoiled food and drinks spread around to rot. Unidentifiable scratches of claws on every wall, ceiling, and floor by the struggling beast-men that humans could not do in such extreme length, it literally shredded the place up. Bits of confetti and streamers finally falls gently to the new floor. Still intact balloons lightly fall as well. Sylvester Rycroft lifts the poker top table on top of him. The tiger-man grunts in pain and rubs the back of his head. \"What the fuck…\" He grunted. His tuxedo is ruined with scratches, tears and dirt with a wine stain on his left collar. He sight the vast room, the black stage is cleaned and unharmed while the rest of the musicians are scattered everywhere on the ground. The green Christmas tree hangs now on the new port side, looking like a giant, hanging stalactite. Sylvester now wonders where's his family is. \"Carolyn?\" He looks around. \"Carolyn?\" He shouted. Ricardo wakes up lying merely flat on the floor, tossing aside the upper half of the red Christmas tree that broke in two with the lower half hanging up the ceiling. \"Qué carajo pasó?\" He murmured. \"Ew! Get off me!\" Portia yelled. Untangling a man on top of her. \"Off of me! Now!\" She shakes him off and the body rolled on his back with a cold-shock, petrifying eyes and a fractured neck. The body lay there without movements. \"OH, GOD! IT'S DEAD!\" Portia shrieks. Kershaw wakes up from his dizziness, lifts his upper body up with a pain on his back, then finds the tigress he embraced during the overturn. She's lying unconscious with her black and gold dress stained and few tears. The lion-man gently shakes her shoulder, \"Mrs. Rycroft, are you okay?\" She shakes her head, \"Huh? I'm okay.\" She looks at the scene all over above her, swinging her head at every sight, disoriented and confused. \"My god!? What happened?\" She cried. \"I think we've turned over.\" Kershaw responded. He stands up and helps Carolyn to stand on her feet. \"Something terrible happened.\" He added. \"Carolyn!\" Sylvester's voice appeared, the tiger-man ran straight at them. \"Where the hell you've been!?\" She shouted. \"Where do you think? Flying around my ass, that's where I've been.\" \"Sylvester, where are the kids?\" Carolyn's eyes can tell her furious fear. \"We'll find them. Kershaw, give me a hand here.\" The lion-man nodded. The stranded guests are searching around or helping anyone trapped under the debris. The hotel manager Mr. Collins is shouting to keep everyone calm. It's too much to handle with this pandemonium. Collins then spotted Dr. Daxner lying flat on his stomach. He reaches close to him, \"Come on, Julian. Get up!\" He grabs him by the arm but the dog-man yelped, \"Ow! Watch my arm!\" The dog-man screamed. Other than his arm, he got a fresh cut on his left cheek. \"No time for that! Get these people calmed now, Daxner!\" Mr. Collins yelled at him. Officer Oscar Snowdon pushed away the heavy broken drum on his stomach and chest. His formal uniform is ruined with the bow tie missing. The pain he received on his back was death-killing. The polar bear-man stands up, he then saw Aubrey standing up next to him, she pushed away a piece of chair away from her that was pinning her not too soon ago. \"Aubrey, are you alright?\" Snowdon asked. The horse-woman in a blue gown confusedly replied, \"Yeah, I'm alright…\" She then bursts into screams at one sight. \"Oh, my god!\" She covers her hands on her muzzle. \"Oh...my…\" Snowdon and Aubrey found Captain Sterling Whiteford… Snowdon looks closely… \"Is he…?\" Aubrey asked. Snowdon rubs his head in distress. The albatross bird-man received multiple impacts with a broken neck, his long beak is twisted and cracked. Even the Steinway piano gave him the final judgment, crushing him. His left arm and head is what is remaining out of the black instrument. And a few plumes scattered around him. Snowdon could not bear it, he felt helpless, he could not bear his misery with those frightening eyes… The white bear-man kneeled at his colleague. All he could do was gently, with his white-furred hand, lower his eyelids to a close. Aubrey just sobbed there in disbelief. \"How'd this happened?\" She brokenly said. Ryder Wolfson scrambles dizzily after recovering his consciousness, he screams Kale's name out loud, his face stricken with fear and aiming around direct-less to his only objective. His tuxedo is bruised and stained and one gapping tear on his left leg trouser. Same for Zoey as searching for her husband. Her dress is dirty and stained but no tears to be seen. \"Killian!\" She shouted. \"Where are you!?\" She then quickly saw someone standing up on the underside (now upside) of the second level of the room with piles of chairs, tables and bodies stuck up there. She called again, \"Killian!\" Hearing her voice, the cat-man looks down at deck 6's ceiling-floor. \"Zoey?\" Killian was confused, disoriented on how he got up there. \"Get down from there! Be careful!\" She commanded. Killian simply leap from the edge and gracefully landed on his two feet, thanks to his natural right reflexes. He somewhat wipes his shoulders despite his completely shredded black jacket from fellow claws of others. He looks at his worried cat wife, \"Are you okay, Zoey?\" \"I'm fine, but, what the hell just happened here!?\" She replied agitatedly. \"I… I could have sworn I saw a…\" She trails off when a screaming woman shrieks in panic. \"Calm down, Zoey.\" He holds firmly on her shoulders. \"I think we should help other people.\" She nodded. \"Sasha! Sasha!\" The father shepherd dog-man panics for his son, completely desperate. He hurt his left shoulder when some blunt object struck him from behind. He found Sylvester, Carolyn, and Lionel who are also searching for their kids. \"Rycroft, have you seen Sasha?\" \"We're also looking for Jett and Stephanie, where could they be?\" Rycroft said. Obviously, he lost sight of them during the entire rolling. \"Shh!\" Kershaw silenced them. \"I hear crying.\" \"What…?\" Joshua listen carefully. It was closer. Sylvester looks down the debris and saw a peculiar orange and black striped tail sticking out motionless leading to under a broken table top, chairs and a big broken bass with strings pulled out. He gasped, \"There!\" Pointing his finger at it. \"Oh, my baby!\" Carolyn cried. Lionel, Sylvester, and Joshua move the instrument, the few chairs, and finally lifting the table top. There's two bodies, and one is crying. \"Sasha!\" Joshua picks his son up. Hugging him. \"Are you okay?\" \"Daddy!\" The little pup wailed. Hugging his father around his neck. The five then gazes at the motionless tiger-boy. Sylvester leans down his head on Jett's chest, \"He's not breathing!\" He swiftly unities the tie and unbuttons the white shirt. Pressing his hands on the chest and pulsing it. Just like that, a heavy cough and gasp came from Jett, breathing again. Sylvester holds with his arms and caress his head, \"Jett, are you okay?\" Looking at his frightened tiger father's face, he weakly responds, \"Dad?\" He mumbles and takes another inhale. Carolyn approaches him and hugs him gladly. \"Jett, are you okay?\" She said. \"I'm okay…\" He said and looks to the little young pup, \"How are you, Sasha?\" \"I'm all right.\" He said and turns to his father. \"He protected me when the ship turned over.\" \"Oh, thank you so much, Jett.\" Joshua sighed in relief. \"Mom, Dad? Where's Stephanie?\" Jett realized. \"We'll find her.\" Said Kershaw. Speaking of daughters, \"Gwen…\" He whispered. \"My god, she's at the disco.\" The crashed disco lounge is turned into a horrid junkyard with colorful lights still sweeping the set. Trampled girders smashed everywhere. Even the shiny disco ball continues to spin around. Music is replaced with loud, roaring, and screaming guests. Running around aimlessly to the exits. Confusion on where to go and what to do. People are creating mass panic of stampedes. Gwen Kershaw is caught in the freaked-out crowd, trying to break free from being swept away. She shouts Red's first name, \"Russell!\" She roared. Her surroundings where so unbelievably spectacle, a reindeer guy clumsily falls back on the ceiling-floor, a young unconscious girl is being carried by a security officer, and two men got deafened to death for being near to a large boom box that exploded electrically. Gwen's vision slowed down around her until she spotted a lion-man under a heavy girder spot light close to a wall, it claimed a lot of people crushed under it. \"Russell!\" She runs to it, shoveling others on her way. Megan Swift, completely in shock, and couldn't find her friends in this destroyed darken room. She came across the huge girder and saw a struggling lion-man trying to lift the junk away. His legs were pinned under and couldn't lift it alone…until she saw a brown bear-man under it. The cheetah-girl screamed of recognition, \"Oh, my god! Spencer!\" She cried. She kneels to check, but his body, especially his neck, is pinned against the heavy steel. No signs of movements. \"Russell!\" Gwen steps closer to Red. \"Baby, are you okay?\" \"Oh, Gwen! Help me! My legs are pinned!\" He grunted. The two together took a strong grip on the girder. Simultaneously, they pull with all their strength. Red doesn't seem to be able to lift it with just only his arms and hands, neither for Gwen alone. Grunting and lifting it upwards doesn't budge well. \"Damned it!\" \"Help!\" Gwen turns around and tried to get her attention. \"Someone please!\" She caught the eye of a Caucasian waitress running, she remembers her name tag, \"Kacy!\" She grabs her by the shoulders, \"Please! Help me! I can't lift this.\" The waitress' face is bleeding on her right while trying to cover her wound with her bloody hand. \"We gotta go! We have to get to the lifeboats!\" Kacy shouted, she was nowhere near like herself, she shakes her off and ran away in a panic with the others. \"Kacy! Don't go! Wait!\" Gwen shouted but she was gone. She continues to find help and not too long she saw the cheetah-girl near with the other dead body under the girder. She sprints a few steps to her, \"Can you help me? Please?\" Gwen holds her by her shoulders. \"What?\" Megan frighteningly said. \"I can't lift this by myself. Please, I need a hand, help me.\" She swiftly gestures the poor guy spared from death. \"Okay…okay…\" She agreed. \"Megan!\" Another voice appeared. The cheetah turns to it and saw Isaac and Clover running towards her. \"Are you okay?\" \"Please, help me here.\" Megan said. Pointing to the trapped lion-man. \"They need our help.\" \"We cannot lift that!\" Clover cried. \"Well, come on!\" Isaac ordered. Dragging the beagle-girl with her. \"We're gonna help them.\" Gwen quickly came back with three extras. They each grabbed a hold and waited, \"On three! One, two, three! Pull!\" All five grunts into strength to lift the heavy girder. \"Oh, fuck! It's too heavy!\" Shouted Clover; she's among the weakest of them. Not even budging a few inches, it still lays there. They threw their air out and inhaled. \"Again!\" Isaac shouted. \"One, two, three! Pull!\" Even harder, they only made some groaning metallic sounds from the girder, implying of refusing to go anywhere. \"Damn it!\" \"It's useless, we can't lift this fucking junk!\" Clover shouted. \"I have to find Pricilla!\" \"Clover, don't go!\" Isaac ordered and grabbed her by the arm. \"Don't go by yourself.\" Clover caught sight of another beagle girl from a short distance already. \"There she is, Isaac!\" She shouted, \"Pricilla! Over here!\" But she's not responding. Pricilla is waiting for Royce and Christine to climb out on the girder that gives a save passage to where she is. The two are surrounded with debris and running people; taking too long. \"Hurry!\" Pricilla shouted. \"Hurry, Christine!\" Royce the lynx keeps his pace but the human girl is struggling to stand up. Every step she trips and tramples on her path, makes her fall on the ceiling-floor. Dangerously clumsy. \"Get up!\" Royce shouted. He doesn't know that she heavily bruised her right leg. It's weakening her walks. \"My leg hurts! I can't walk!\" She cried in pain. Royce then holds her around the shoulder and marches towards Pricilla. A stage light burst into explosive sparks; screaming the night-goers with fright in their faces. The sparks fly everywhere, affecting other electronic devices to burst into flames. Pricilla screamed, \"Get out of there! It's forming a fire!\" A flow of geyser sprinklers popped from the ceiling-floor, attacking the fire back. It wetted others including the human and the lynx. It was assuring to put out the fire but… \"AAAAAAHHHHH!\" A security officer screams in agony, body vibrating as epilepsy. Water mixing with loose cables spreads out anyone near in contact with the ceiling-floor. A woman falls into the puddle and wildly cries out. Royce and Christine run towards the escalating girder to Pricilla but another girder crashes right in front of them with sparks blinding their sight. Christine and Royce stood back and falls backwards into the puddle, screaming. Pricilla panics, calling their names and witnessing her friends' electrifying fate. Their bodies were reacting too much of volts that they cannot handle, reaching their limit to pop their hearts out. The burst out continues, another boom box explodes. Gwen, Red, Clover, Isaac, and Megan covers themselves from the electric explosions. Thousands of volts thundered every victim in literal shock. Crying out loud of agony. Hissing silence, small sparks from loose cables ends, the girls huffing scared, and one grunting lion-man trying to move the junk pinned on him. \"Come on! Move this thing! Now!\" Red knocked the spotlight out of its base. \"We need something to leverage this!\" Gwen said. \"No! Don't go anywhere!\" Red ordered. Even grabbing her hand. \"Okay! Okay! We'll look for one! Alright?\" Isaac said. He turns to Clover, \"Get your cousin.\" Then turns to the lions, \"We'll get you out and we'll get some help.\" He turns to Megan, \"Stay here with them. I'll go look around.\" \"What did just happen here?\" Megan whimpered. Clover came back with a teared Pricilla with a concerned face, \"Isaac, where are you going?\" \"I'll be back, just wait here.\" \"No! Let me come with you!\" Pricilla begged. \"You stay with Clover. I'm going to find something to free him.\" Isaac stated. Isaac left the scene, leaving Megan, Pricilla, Clover and the two lions behind. Confused, disoriented, fear in their hearts, unbeknown to what had happened. Isaac doesn't even know on where to start and where to go and find something. They're completely isolated from what's left on this destroyed ship. The ballroom survivors settled into calmness of their confusion by the fact they see the entire ship inverted by just looking the way the huge room is. Portia managed to keep her cool after her encounter with the dead body and casually walks through the mess, her green silk gown is stained with gravy and wine, and her blonde hair is all sticking out everywhere. She heard someone calling her name and proceed to find the source. The voice got closer and found the Rottweiler dog-man under a pile of chairs. \"You okay?\" She flatly said. \"Just help me and I'll tell you I'm okay!\" Malcolm has one free hand and barely moves one seat. Portia picks up one heavy chair at the time and found Malcolm's other hand. She grabs his underarms and pull out of him. \"Hah... Thanks, Portia…\" Malcolm sighed. \"Don't be too relaxed.\" She quipped, \"I think this boat is sinking.\" \"What the fuck happened? Everything fell over!\" The Rottweiler said. Ryder reunited with Kale after finding him near the collapsed staircases with just a couple of bruises on his face. The wolf-man could not stop holding the poor human dearly. Ricardo spots them there and realizing that they didn't left the ballroom after all. \"Ryder! Kale! You two okay?\" Ricardo cried after a short jog, his knees where still sore after numerous failed balances in the barrel rolling. Almost to a point that he may have broken one of the two joints of his knees. \"We're okay, Rico…\" Ryder assured. Rico falls to his knees, feeling kind of weak and hurt, but relief. \"What a ride.\" He sighed. \"Stephanie!\" It was unusual for Jett to call his sister her full name as he preferably calls her as Steph for short. She still hasn't even bothered to notice it. \"Stephanie Rycroft!\" Mrs. Rycroft shouts. \"Where are you?\" \"Stephanie!\" Sylvester roared. \"Where is she?\" The three tigers had been searching their missing daughter/sister. Even Joshua, Sasha and Lionel are looking for her. Every second they shout out her name with no response. Carolyn Rycroft is losing her hopes. Her frustrations are becoming in tears, \"Sylvester, where she can be? We've looked everywhere!\" She cried. Rycroft holds her by the shoulders, \"Calm down, Carolyn. She must be still somewhere.\" \"She must be buried underneath on something. She hasn't even responded when we call her name.\" Carolyn is reaching the edge of sobbing. Sylvester holds her close. \"What this all mean?\" \"We are not giving up, must keep looking.\" Sylvester said. \"Mom! Dad! Jett!\" An echoing voice boomed around their ears. Carolyn and Sylvester identified that girlish voice, they both look around in alert. \"Stephanie?\" \"Uh, Mom...Dad…\" Jett's voice breaks down as he tries to get his parents' attention. His face got pale. Sylvester and Carolyn glances at their son as he points upwards… \"She's up there.\" \"What…?\" Both tigers confusedly look up the new ceiling, thick red carpet with lots of shreds from anyone who possessed claws, bolted tables hanging above and one is being occupied. A young tiger-girl's head is peering down under a table with both hands holding onto the edge of the table top. Resting on the inverted underside, she has the most unwanted view of her life. And not just the Rycrofts, the Parkinsons, and Kershaw looking upwards. More others curiously followed what was going on. \"Can anyone help me?\" Stephanie shouted. \"Steph! How'd you get up there?\" Jett shouted. \"Well, that's a stupid question!\" She angrily roared. \"Anyone has better ideas?\" \"Are you hurt, Stephanie?\" Lionel shouted. \"No…\" She calmly replied. \"Don't worry, Stephanie! We'll get you down from there!\" Lionel turns to the tiger couple. \"She can't stay there too long.\" \"What are we gonna do?\" Carolyn said. \"We need something that she can jump into… I-I don't know…a tablecloth, something strong?\" \"Exactly.\" The lion-man turns to the aft side of the room, a large orange curtain theater is almost sprawled like a paused cascade at sunset. Kershaw runs like a comeback firefighter hero to save day. His instincts are coming together on what to do in those precious seconds. Stops, and with his strong arms, pulls the orange curtain, popping every hook attached into it. He rolls the material into a ball and face at anyone who could volunteer. \"I need some strong men! Right know!\" He comes back to where Stephanie is hanging and needs his attention. He orders to clear up anything on the new messy floor, anything that can obstruct the fall. Kershaw spreads open the curtain like a carpet and orders to everyone to grad a hold to it. Officer Snowdon volunteers when realizing what's going on, grabs a side. Zoey begged Killian to help and the two took a hold. Joshua, Sylvester, Jett, and Ryder, including Lionel and others followed, a total of 15 all gathered around into an almost circular shape of a trampoline. \"All right, Stephanie! Jump! We'll catch you!\" The former fireman lion shouted. The sight of heights was frightening. \"I don't think I can…\" \"You have to, honey.\" Her mother said. \"You can't just stay up there.\" \"It's a cinch! Come on, Stephanie! Jump!\" Little Sasha cried. \"Don't be afraid!\" Her father said. \"We'll catch you!\" \"I can't do it!\" \"Stephanie, I believe in you!\" Jett shouted. \"You can do it!\" Stephanie is now facing her only chance of safety. Almost in tears and hesitating, she slowly moves carefully, starting with her striped legs to over hang from the edge. Standing now in a sitting position and look scaredy down at the makeshift trampoline, the group lift it up higher or otherwise she could hit floor. The near rounded cloth was big enough to land without mistakes. This is the only thing at least that will break her fall. \"Ready, Stephanie?\" Kershaw shouted. She nodded. \"One… Two… Three!\" No holding back, closing her eyes, she thrust her arms away from the edge, pushing her body from the table and screamed. Her limbs spread out, feeling the wind on her back. She made sure to land on her bottom first to cushion her fall. Everyone saw her fall, others looked away in terror before she landed safely on the cloth. It all happened so quickly that Stephanie still has her eyes closed. Few people applauded. They lowered the curtain and she felt resting on the hard surface. She opened her eyes. \"Mom!\" She stands up towards her with tears finally out. Stephanie hugs her and follow her father and brother to even Mr. Kershaw. \"Thank you so much!\" She thanked to the lion-man. She even hugged little Sasha. Through the darkness of the dead bodies of Hades' underworld that Poseidon had brought into catastrophe of everyone on the ship. Isaac explores the nightclub for anything that could work as a leaver to lift and free Russell from the heavy girder. Whatever what made the ship tip over, it really did a lot of casualties. Where he was now, is completely piled of lifeless bodies of humans and anthropomorphic beast-men. They were everywhere. People that were still alive, already left in a rush of panic. They were all full of pandemonium until it was too late for them to be saved. Isaac never saw hundreds of people dead in one single blow by the ship. \"Isaac?\" He turns around startled on who it was, but was just Pricilla. \"Damn it, Pricilla! I told you to stay with Clover!\" Isaac yelled. \"I don't want you to go alone! I'm sticking with you!\" She barked him. \"Fine! But stay close!\" Isaac ordered. \"Let's just go already!\" She whined. \"Others probably have left off the ship to the lifeboats. And I'm not leaving you behind.\" \"I'm afraid that's not gonna be possible, Pricilla.\" Isaac remarked. Pricilla asked why. \"The ship's upside down and we're underwater. There's not a chance to reach the boats.\" He's definitely right. The lifeboats on deck seven are destroyed after the impact. Eighty feet under the waterline now. They're outside and impossible to escape. Even that deck is now flooded. No one can abandon ship at this rate. \"Oh, come on!\" She whined. Then Isaac hears something until they both look down at a moving corpse. A dark hand pierces between through the bodies that Pricilla screams out loud. Only when the entire arm seemed to struggle. Isaac let's go of his fear and shoves the heavy bodies off. Muffling and now a heavy cough until a head of a hyena-man popped out, catching his breath. Pricilla holds her chest together to keep her heart from pumping hard. \"Hah! Thank you… Thank you so much!\" He huffed. \"Are you okay?\" Isaac said. The hyena-man tries to see what's his surroundings but all he saw was bodies… Bodies everywhere. \"What… What the hell did you two do to all these people?\" His breath reeks of alcohol. Pricilla's response was an exasperated disgust. The mass crowd in the ballroom had all quieted down. The remaining crew had managed to keep calm the frightened passengers. The least injured helped the critical ones by the help of the only Doctor onboard. A few are at least experienced like Carolyn as she was a nurse back in her college days as an intern. It won't be too long until the survivors are asking for answers for what had just happened. As they are getting into a frenzy, the hotel manager Collins stands up on a chair. Security Officer Furlong whistles with his fingers in his mouth to get his attention. \"Attention everyone!\" Nicolas Collins speaks. \"Please, remain calm!\" \"How dare you let this happen, mister?!\" Portia Matthews yelled at Collins. \"It almost got all of us killed!\" \"What did just happen here? The ship's upside down!\" Malcolm the Rottweiler yelled. Others followed rambling at the senior officer for answers. Everyone looks at the human standing higher. \"We're not exactly sure what happened here, but I assume that we were struck by what is known as a rogue wave. These waves are rare, unpredictable and lethal.\" He explained. The guest remained silence. Something rare, something unpredictable, and something lethal to destroy such a large ship. \"They can reach over one hundred feet higher in the open ocean and enough to capsize the ship.\" \"What about rescue?\" Someone else said. \"I'm getting to that,\" Collins started, \"after the ship was struck, I can assure all of you, the emergency GPS locator beacons were launched immediately, so we're, at most, several hours from the rescue…\" His statement causes a ranting riot, everyone speaking at once like questionnaires news reporters. \"Several hours!?\" \"Are we sinking?\" \"We have to get out of here!\" The ranting continues until Collins raised his hand and everyone quieted down. \"Please, do yourselves a favor: follow the directions of my crew and officers and stay calm. This room is like a giant air bubble. The ship is also equipped with watertight bulkhead doors that can prevent gas leaks, fire, and importantly; flooding. I suggest all of you stay here and wait for rescue. Help is on the way.\" The polar bear-man officer, while listening, he picks up a plastic plaque that came loose from a wall somewhere. It shows a single deck plan of deck 6 and a silhouetted shape of the two-funneled ocean liner with black-and-white stripes for each deck and the deck they are in, in blue. The deck plan shows where they are; in the ballroom but specifically the second level of the room. He draws his fingernail claw on the drawn ship and traces it through the striped lines of every decks to the now out of limits to passenger areas, stopping his nail-claw to what seems to be the ship's bulbous bow. There's no time to lose, thought Snowdon.[Chapter 7] Chapter 7: Escape Plan The half-dead ocean liner Poseidon had been moaning in pain after encountering the phenomenon wave that had brought catastrophe. Various fishes obliviously swim around the giant wreck. Even thoughtlessly looking at the lighting windows on the hull. For those inside is like a freak aquarium exhibition with bodies falling to the bottom of the eternal sea. The little shepherd pup is looking through the dark, brass-framed window. His curiosity was too much to see if anybody was coming for their help. With his padded hands resting on the glass felt cold by the touch. Then his father calls and scolds him to stay away from the windows. Turning around and meets up with the least injured people around. Carolyn and Stephanie have the least nursing experiences back home and school. With the professional assistance of Dr. Daxner, everything will be in order. Unfortunately, Dr. Daxner's real nurses are out of touch from the sick bay on deck 1. Using napkins and tablecloths as bandages for the ones who are bleeding little. But there's nothing they can do for the critical injured. They suffered horrible bone fractures, from legs to arms and even paralyzed by traumatic shock. The little pup curiously looks at Sylvester rummaging on a likely dead antler-man with a broken horn and the other with some red tissues and drips. \"What are you doing, Mr. Rycroft?\" Sasha said. \"Just looking.\" The tiger-man replied. He found a multi-tool kit from one of the pockets. Sylvester has one but he didn't bring it along for the trip. \"Are you stealing?\" \"More like borrowing it.\" He stated and popped a small knife from the multi-tool. Jett Rycroft walked back to his father, \"Dad, I've found a small flashlight from that dead guy on the skylight.\" \"Nice one, son.\" \"So, Dad, why are we gathering these survival kit stuff?\" \"We're getting out of here.\" \"What?\" Jett puzzled. \"But first, Kershaw is going to talk to Officer Snowdon. Let's see if he can cooperate.\" Lionel Kershaw could not accept the fact that he has to stay here. His daughter is out there and lost, frightened by all of this. He must do something and fast. As Kershaw finds Snowdon, the bear-man found a black walkie-talkie from the body of Captain Whiteford, covered over with a table cloth. He turns it on, still functioning, speaks to anyone on the other line. \"This is First Officer Snowdon. Can anybody hear me? Over…\" Static followed. \"Anyone from the bridge... Can you read me? Over.\" More static. Snowdon kept going but nothing was responding back. \"Damn it!\" \"We aren't communicated, are we?\" Lionel came by. The bear-man turns to him. \"I'm afraid so. Even if there are people still alive, they can't get to us.\" Snowdon said his poor sincere honesty. \"Weren't you traveling with someone?\" Snowdon remembered seeing a lioness coming by to her father earlier before midnight. \"My daughter, she's at the nightclub with her boyfriend. Not every cellphone is working in here.\" The lion-man said. \"Listen, we have gotta do something. Rycroft and I are planning to find a way out of this bucket. I think we should convince other people to come or else, the ship will sink.\" \"I was thinking the same thing. Don't worry, Kershaw, I also have a plan.\" Snowdon paten the lion's shoulder. Snowdon picks up the same chair that Mr. Collins used. Putting one foot first before he could be sure it wouldn't break by his whole weight after resting his other foot on the sitting cushion. Standing up quite broadly to almost see the entire set. \"May I have your attention, please!\" Snowdon shouted. Kershaw whistles for attention. The human hotel manager stands up in wonder. \"This is First Officer Oscar Snowdon speaking and I'm going to be very brave because we don't have a hell of a lot time here… As we know, the ship is capsized.\" Passengers and crew seem to know about this already, but they don't know what he's going to talk about now. \"I know how this looks, but we can get out of here, okay? So, I have a proposal, we must climb level by level until we reach the bottom of the ship which is now out on the surface.\" Zoey Maxwell's voice sneaked in, \"And then what?\" \"When we get out… We hang on…and wait for rescue.\" He stated. The murmuring on the crowd weren't seemed to be pleased. \"Wait…?\" Someone scoffed. \"Listen, staying here won't help… I know about the ship, and I'll help us to get there.\" Snowdon said. Killian Maxwell steps up near the bear-man with his wife, \"Climb to the bottom? You mean to the hull of the ship?\" \"That's right. If we get there, the rescue team will find us sooner.\" \"If that's the case, how are we going to get through it? That's the part that's all sealed up. It's solid steel!\" \"Not to mention, it's completely doubled bottom.\" Sylvester Rycroft added. \"But we can go to the bow where the tunnel shaft thrusters are!\" Sasha Parkinson stepped in. \"What?\" Killian confused but glared at him. \"Look, pup, this isn't some toy boat you play in your bath tub, so let us think this through, huh?\" Doesn't seem like Killian isn't into having any children at some point. \"I'm sorry, sir, but my Dad and I took a tour in the engine room with Chief Engineer Reynolds. He'd shown us the bow thruster room which has a hatch that is only for use when the ship is at dry dock for an easy access for the maintenance mechanics and technicians staff. It could be our only ticket way out of here.\" \"And that's where we're going.\" Snowdon said nonchalantly, but with a small smirk. \"Have you lost your mind, Snowdon!?\" Nicolas Collins interrupts. \"Listen to me, everyone, if you all going with him to climb another deck, you all be killed!\" \"And sitting our asses isn't gonna help us either!\" Snowdon's voice raised. \"Nicolas, we're isolated from the outside world. We must reach to them before they get to us. Now let me do…\" Shudder rumbles the room, lights dimming in struggle to keep alight. Following a loud muffling explosion, shaking the ship. The stranded guest startled by surprise and lose their footing from the quake. Snowdon leaps from the chair as it topples. A few noticed the dark-blue windows showing a mass of trillion of bubbles coming from both sides down below them. The rumbling silences away. The stranded guest slowly stands up scared. Everybody then heard a loud bang, then a metal creak, and noticed the green Christmas tree shaking its ornaments off into the ground. Suddenly the tree dropped an inch downwards; it was security officer Furlong to shout out, \"Stand back from the tree!\" Hundreds ran away in panic, hiding under the cantilevered second level above them or running to the other corner. They didn't know where it's going to fall. After one screw loosed, the base of the tree pops out, the tip smashing the golden, five-pointed, crystal star into shreds. The giant green cone topples down in a swift, slamming hard on the ceiling-floor. Millions of decorations were shaken off and shattered to pieces. Everyone were silenced and emerging from their hiding spots either port or starboard. Looking at the fallen tree like it was taken down by a lumberjack. A child would think the Grinch ruined Christmas and Santa Claus wouldn't come tonight. \"Everybody, stay calm!\" Shouted Mr. Collins. \"Stay where you are!\" The guest settles from the quick scare of the tree. The human manager hasn't finished, turns to Snowdon, \"That explosion came from the engine room, Snowdon. If you have any brighter ideas to get up there. We would all be dead.\" \"That came right below us, Nicolas!\" Snowdon barked. \"And sooner or later, we're next.\" \"Taking a tour around the ship doesn't give you that much of an authority to take charge.\" \"And you're expecting the captain to save us?\" Sylvester interrupted. \"Snowdon here is possibly the only officer left with the highest rank alive here.\" A few people murmured as agreement. \"Do you even realize how insane that is to climb out through the bottom?\" He turns to everyone, \"The bear is suicidal!? And is taking the rest of us with you.\" Portia stepped in, \"I'm with him! If he says that is dangerous to wander around and that it would kill us,\" turns to Snowdon, \"why aren't you by his side?\" It was Ryder Wolfson to stepped in, \"I wouldn't put faith on Mr. Collins here, ma'am. You see, I'm an architect; these ships weren't designed to stay afloat upside down.\" \"Enough to with your theories, wolf! The best thing to do is to stay here and wait for help.\" Collins stated. Several people murmured in agreement. \"Nicolas, this ship is taking on water, and it's sinking. The ocean is gonna fill the entire hull and we'd be soon next, unless we get the hell outta here!\" Snowdon barked. He quickly calms, inhale and out, \"These people are hurt and frightened… Please don't make it any worse, Nicolas…\" After a short beat, Snowdon looks at everyone as he expected, are they willing to follow him? \"Now, for those who wants to come with me? I'll be glad to.\" The white bear-man kicks the chair with his foot, passes through the crowd to the forward side of the ballroom. He then stops at the first barrier insight. Carolyn and Stephanie came back after finishing the injured and asked her husband, \"Sylvester, is he serious?\" Rycroft turns at his wife seriously, \"Yeah… Get yourselves ready, we're climbing.\" Kershaw and Sylvester follow him behind. Meeting up with him, they both look at what the bear is examining at; it's completely wrecked. All both curved staircases fell along with the middle center balcony structure. All what is left is the main entrance door that leads to the foyer which is locked by a black-and-yellow striped bulkhead door. Entirely blocked and too high up to reach. The bulkhead doors were activated after the impact, securing the entire interior hull of the ship from flooding. Typically, as any ship of today, the ship is designed to stay afloat unless the bulkhead doors are closed to prevent further flooding. But this is a different case… \"Any idea on how to reach up there?\" Sylvester asked. \"This is only the beginning.\" Snowdon replied. His eyes suddenly caught something to his left above, somebody just emerged from a doorway on the now left side near the ballroom's main entrance, all high up above them. \"Hey! You there!\" He shouted. After shouting, everyone in the room caught his attention and looking up to see a man in a steward uniform standing up there in the opened doorframe and getting the unexpected attention from down below. His expression is so priceless of so much fright. It was Zoey the cat who identified him, \"Mr. Jennings!\" So many people and one remembers his name, \"Oh, hi, Mrs. Maxwell! Is everything alright?\" \"Jennings, is there anyone with you?\" Snowdon asked. \"Yes, Foxley is here with me. He's hurt! He sprained his ankle.\" Jennings replied. \"Alright, Jennings, listen to me: we're figuring out how to climb up there where you are. Where does exactly that doorway leads to?\" \"The pantry and further the kitchen galley, sir.\" \"Alright. Are there any table cloths there, Jennings?\" Rycroft asked. \"Yes, sir, but what for?\" \"You just use it to make a rope to climb up there.\" Rycroft explained. \"No, no, they aren't too strong enough to handle.\" Kershaw concluded. He turns back where the inverted stage is and the other stranded worried people. And the tree... \"We need something like a ladder - the Christmas tree. It's tall enough to reach him.\" \"Good thinking. I need some help over here!\" Snowdon shouted. The fallen tortured cone tree that crashed from the ceiling lays with the larger bottom facing at the forward side where Jennings and Foxley are. Surrounded with broken ornaments, decorative ribbons still attached around it, and people now taking a good look on the tree on where and how to move it to where the stewards are. Snowdon instructs the volunteers to grab a side but mostly the thicker lower side which is the heaviest. Sylvester, Lionel, Ryder, Ricardo, Jett, Joshua, Killian (who convinced his wife to come) and few others who volunteered to help. Snowdon lastly holds of the bottom base of the tree on his shoulder on standby. \"Anytime when you're ready, Snowdon.\" Kershaw said. \"Everybody ready?\" Snowdon shouted, \"One, two, three!\" The group grunts heavily as they lift the giant green cone together. \"Holy fuck! It's heavy!\" Jett grunted. Lifting it by just a few inches or still dragging on the floor, they still are managing to move the tree forward. A few ornaments were shaken off and shattered upon the floor. The stranded guests watch tentative as if this will it succeed. Reaching close to where they wanted, Snowdon orders to stop. They can now lower the tree down and Jett can finally take a breath. He never lifted anything that heavy in his life. \"If I only have a long rope, I can tie the tip and lift it towards me.\" Jennings said. \"That's a good method, Jennings, but we have enough strength to lift the tree up.\" Snowdon stated. \"Make sure to secure the top when it reaches you, understood?\" \"I have an idea for that, sir. Ready when you are.\" Snowdon turns to his volunteers, \"Let's lift this tree up.\" The party moves on the slimmer upper part of the tree which is the lightest. Together counting to three and lift it up. The tip, with a missing star, rises from the ground. The guys puff in and out, grunting, shouting, and giving every strength, they got. Almost to 90 degrees with nothing to keep it standing on balance, the men and/or beastmen surrounds and secures the bottom to keep the tip steady as if reviving the tree back to its christmas spirit and glory. Jennings now have a clear sight of the standing tree, ready for landing. Snowdon orders to push slowly and aim at the upturned doorway. Jennings rest on his knees with one hand holding onto the door frame and the other extending out to reach the starless tip. It was getting closer, closer… \"I almost got it!\" Jennings said. \"Gotcha!\" The tip on his hand, bigger than he had anticipated, now securely rest a little inside the doorway firmly. The party below him were relievedly satisfied. The tree, resting at a forty-five-degree angle, is now a makeshift ladder of hope. Snowdon gazes his first achievement with proudness. \"Great work!\" He said. \"Now then, we need to test this.\" \"I wanna try it!\" Sasha stepped in with a raised hand. \"Sasha, wait…\" His father tried to stop him but he already met up with Snowdon. \"Come on, Dad, you let me go on the rock climbing wall with no problems.\" Sasha stated. \"He looks ready to go, sir, let him give a try.\" Snowdon said. He knelt to Sasha and instructed him, \"Alright, pup, go as far you can go, climb out and Mr. Jennings here will give you hand, got it?\" Sasha nodded and went inside the tree, he took the first step on the metal branch and use all fours like he did on the rock climbing wall on the lido deck. The others watch as little Sasha escalates three decks from deck 6 to deck 4. Jennings waits for him with a lending hand out to reach him. Sasha emerges from the fake leafs and branches and took Jennings' hand and stepped safely inside the doorway. The party below were relived that he made it, especially Joshua. \"It's a cinch!\" He called out to everyone. \"Come on!\" \"That's great, son!\" His father said. \"Stay up there with the steward. Now, where are we going first through?\" The shepherd asked. \"Through the kitchen galley, and further up through several decks to the engine room bow. That way!\" Snowdon replied, pointing at the doorway. \"And find that said hatch and we swim ashore, huh?\" Parkinson made up his mind when the tree was in place. His first priority is his only son. His mind is full of mixes about the situation they are in. His wife Claire all faraway in Hilo with little of information. A part of him tells he's glad that she's not onboard, but Sasha... If she finds out that Poseidon is missing and sunk somewhere in the Pacific Ocean, the consequences can be dire and tragic. Joshua will do everything not to destroy everything he loves the most, and are these two canids. Joshua climbs the tree to meet up with Sasha and the two stewards there and show a good example for everyone to follow along. On the ground, Carolyn the tigress borrowed Sylvester's multi-tool he had found and teared her long gown dress just above her knees, showing her really bared legged with stripes. She took both of her high-heeled shoes and snapped the points for a better, comfortable surface for the heels to rest. Carolyn turned to her daughter, \"Stephanie, break the heels of your shoes. You no longer need them.\" \"Do what your mother says.\" Sylvester filled in, \"We don't want a broken ankle.\" \"Okay, Mom. But, Dad, are we really going with Mr. Snowdon?\" Stephanie said. \"Isn't this a little extreme?\" Jett said. \"How do we know if…\" Sylvester and Carolyn stepped closer to their young doubtful children. \"Listen what I'm about to say.\" He started, \"I'm taking the chances here, and my first priority is my family. Have you two forgotten that I'm from the Navy and they've trained me for a reason. I want you both to be strong.\" He turns to Jett, \"I don't want you to be the hero, don't do anything stupid.\" \"No kidding, Dad. Loud and clear.\" Jett agreed. Carolyn said, \"We're in this together. Let's not keep each other apart from one another.\" Both teenaged tiger nodded and Stephanie holds Jett's hand. \"Mom… Dad… I don't know if we are gonna make it.\" Stephanie's hold tightens. \"I'm scared.\" \"Steph, you jumped down on the curtain like would a cheerleader do. That was brave of you.\" Jett assured. \"Exactly,\" Rycroft said, \"look at Sasha, he's fighting his fear right now and we better keep our spirits up.\" The two young tigers nodded and each hugged their beloved parents together. \"We're so proud of you both.\" Sylvester whispered them. Zoey the cat witnessed the small feline family reunion, her heart fluttered. \"Killian, do you think we could be like that one day?\" \"One day for sure.\" Killian said. \"Now, that goes the same for us.\" \"Pardon?\" \"What is the first thing about our marriage? To lookout for each other, of course.\" He stated. \"Oh, Killian…\" Joshua made it to the top, meets up with his son and the two stewards. Snowdon turns around and sights the next climber. Saw Jett and Stephanie ready to go before his parents went behind them. The Maxwells then followed up. \"Alright, feel free to go. But, I'm afraid you got to take that long gown.\" Snowdon said. \"Excused me!?\" Killian's eyes widen. \"She can't climb with that.\" \"But she's not wearing anything under it!?\" He wildly gestures, but mostly her slim torso to which Snowdon couldn't believe it. But Zoey clarified, \"Just panties. I just simply cut it over to my knees.\" She retracted one of her fingernail claws and shreds where she needed but… …a heavy tear slashes all over Zoey's silver dress. \"Aaaahhh!\" She covers her breasts with both arms. Killian covers hers from view, especially from Snowdon. \"I forgot I was wearing a copy!\" Zoey cried. The two felines went to a corner from anyone from seeing her, but others are too concerned than just some mishap. Killian has more layers of clothes than what women usually wears for evenings. He will just give her his white button shirt while he still has a white under shirt. Jett and Stephanie climbed up to meet with Sasha and Joshua while Carolyn and later Sylvester followed them behind. Kershaw waited his turn and get this group going ahead. He badly wants to find his daughter as soon as possible. Sylvester reached the tip and hopped through the doorway, Kershaw took his footing and holding and escalate to and meet with the others. Finally, Killian came back just in his white undershirt and black trousers while his wife Zoey is wearing her husband's white button shirt and his black jacket hugging her around her waist as skirt, it covered all her body with some dignity. Just only her gray-furred legs in bared and her broken heeled shoes. Zoey went first after the lion-man climbed up while Killian follow her later. Snowdon turns back with the rest of everyone who seemed to keep distance away from the tree of hope. The smell of doubts is showing in everyone's faces with fear. Ricardo Marrero tapped Snowdon's shoulder and spoke, \"Excuse me, sir. When we're at it, how are we gonna convince other people to come?\" \"Let's just hope they are going. The more, the merrier.\" The snow bear said. \"Why not you go and gather some.\" With that, Rico left from the tree and find other people to come. Not the most social person, but this is a life-and-death situation. He started with Ryder and Kale. Just to be sure. \"Hey, Ryder. Kale… You guys are coming, right?\" He asked. \"That's what I'm trying to do, but Kale…\" \"I don't think is safe to climb up there. I mean, the whole ship.\" Kale excused. \"You're kidding, right?\" Rico snapped. \"Kale, please… I'm not leaving you here.\" The wolf-man said. Rico could not accept this, his closest friends who convinced him to come to this party gala for New Year's Eve and now he's going to convince them back. \"You know, I don't know how many people I've booked on this ship as a travel agent, but you guys are the only ones that I'm terrified to be aware of. If I actually escaped safely off this giant tub, I'm going to live for the rest of my life in regret about you two for not coming along and think about what if I've never booked you both on this floating death trap that you call vacation. I'm not going to be glad that my ex-girlfriend Clara and my little cousin Tiago didn't got onboard in the first place because of some unfortunate events. For the love of God, Kale, come with us!\" Rico's voice shakes right at the end of his sentence, almost crying. \"I've put you both on this mess, and I'm feeling guilty here…\" \"Come on, Kale, we went through some tough times in our past and made it because we were holding each other's back, right?\" Ryder holds Kale's hands, the human in his early thirties with a young minded personality. \"Please, Kale…\" The gray wolf-man is not giving up on him. Not today nor ever. Kale sighed and glanced at the underwater darkness through those windows. The remains of his grandfather in an urn that he released some of his ashes into the sea of freedom, now, with some remaining left inside that urn, he's now in his flooded cabin down below them. \"Alright, I'll come with you.\" He released. Wolfson smiled with hope, he holds his hand and escort him to the tree. \"Marrero, aren't you coming?\" Kale asked. \"I'll be right back, I'm gonna gather some more people to come along.\" Rico stated. Walking towards the majority who are seen too quiet or heavily in doubt. Rico feared facing against the hotel manager in person, he's standing ten feet away from him. Rico spoke to the crowd, walking by every individual close to him to convince them at any cost. \"People, please! Follow me. There's very little time. Please, you heard what the First Officer said. He's taking us up towards the bow. So, please, this way.\" \"Mr. Marrero,\" Mr. Collins interrupted coldly, \"we are staying right here.\" \"Can't you see the logic, Collins!?\" Rico shouted him. \"The ship is sinking!\" \"Will you shut up! You're scaring everybody here!\" The human officer hissed him. \"What kind of officer are you?\" Rico cannot believe what he's saying, \"A coward to your own crewmen?\" Collins ignored him. Portia breaks the silence, \"Mind your own business, spic, you're not gonna convince any of us to get ourselves killed.\" But someone stepped out of the crowd. The Rottweiler dog-man barked, \"Fuck this shit! I'm going!\" \"Malcolm! Are you leaving?\" Portia Matthews follows him. \"We have to stay here. That bipolar bear is suicidal!\" \"And I'm willing to leave you here – It's your choice, Portia!\" Malcolm stated, in hopes by behaving like this, she will come with mercy. \"Leave me here!?\" Portia cried. \"No! I'm going! I'm going! Let me come with you!\" She whined. Malcolm snickered. Rico was lost of this unexpected surprised, he didn't know what he did to convince those two. \"Anyone?\" He hopefully asked. \"I'll come.\" Rico turned to a brown-furred horse-woman in a blue dress, the ship's singer. She was taller than Rico, even without her high-heeled shoes. She walked to him, all calmed down after the death of Captain Whiteford. \"I have two children waiting for me in London, I'm not gonna fail them. They can't live without a mother.\" \"Sure, right this way.\" Rico quietly said and gestured her to the tree. Portia and Malcolm walked to the tree where Snowdon is. Portia said to the bear, \"If you get us out of this bucket, I'll write a report about your heroism.\" After that, she stepped on the tree and climb before Malcolm followed. Rico came back with one more companion. \"Miss Quinlivan, you're coming?\" Snowdon said. \"Where else what am I going to go? I want to go back home.\" Aubrey stated. Snowdon turned to Rico, \"Is this the best you can do?\" \"How can I convince to everyone with that stubborn mule hanging around?\" Rico points the human manager. \"Nobody wants to listen. They seem to have more confidence with the manager than us.\" Dr. Daxner the St. Bernard dog-man walked by. \"Dr. Daxner?\" Snowdon curiously reacted. \"I just came to say good luck to you, my friend. I've never meet a courageous sailor like no other.\" The old dog-man said. \"I cannot leave these people, they need me… I hope you make it out of here.\" Snowdon glanced at the crowd, he responded, \"I'm not going to give up.\" He walks towards everyone. Including facing with Collins at all cost. \"Can I have your attention, please!\" He repeats a little louder, \"Can I have your attention, please!\" All hundreds of dazed head looked right at him, including Hotel Manager Collins and Security Officer Furlong the Labrador sighting at him. Taking the imaginary spotlight toward the bear. Snowdon first points his finger at the tree which Portia and Malcolm are reaching near the tip. \"This is the way out! Your only chance!\" \"Nobody listen to him!\" Collins roared. \"We have to stay here until help arrives!\" \"What help? The captain? Our superior officers? I'm afraid they're gone. There's isn't anyone else alive but us! For the love of God, please come with us!\" \"And I'm telling all of you to stay here!\" The human officer shouted the crowd. He faced at Snowdon, \"You're violating the direct orders to your crew, this is mutiny! It's not safe up there, you and your guests will be killed!\" The rest of crowd fired back, shouting at him with attack phrases. \"Mr. Collins is right!\" \"Who the hell do you think you are!?\" \"Mind your own business!\" Snowdon silently gave up. He looks at Daxner and tapped on his shoulder. \"Take care, Julian.\" \"You too, Oscar…\" The old dog-man replied. Oscar went back to the tree silently from the crowd. He knows everyone are scared, including Collins. Lives of everyone are at stake. At this point is now a point of no return. And \"up\" is the possible answer for the newly formed party. Stopping at the bottom of the tree, looking through the stokes insides, someone is struggling. \"Oh, dear. I'm stuck!\" It was Aubrey. \"Come on, it's only a few steps!\" Ricardo and Sidney are holding her both hands together. \"What's with you?\" \"My thighs are stuck between the stokes! Ow! Wait!\" The horse-woman felt a firm push under her. \"Who's down there! Who dares!?\" Another stronger push made Aubrey pop her head out through the plastic green streamers of the tree. \"Oh!\" She cried. \"Good job, sir!\" Jennings said to Snowdon. \"Excused me for being too familiar.\" He said. \"Oh, it's all right. I'm not like a flying, fairy unicorn.\" Aubrey commented. She reached the doorway and Snowdon climbed lastly the Christmas tree. Standing close the door frame, he looks at the miserable sight below him. It was chaotic, dreadful, powerful, and painful to witness. Hundreds not willing to follow him. They all want to stay in a safe place, a safe haven for all of them. Snowdon make his final call, \"I'm suggesting all of you for the last time!\" \"You don't know what you're doing!\" Someone shouted below. \"But I know this much! We're going deeper through the ship until we come to the bow and make it out to safety – this is our only shot! We can make it! If all of you stay here, you're all surely die!\" Somebody shouted back, \"We're staying with the manager!\" Snowdon silenced, looking one last time the ballroom full of terrified people. \"God help them.\" He whispered, leaving painfully, not turning back one last glance. Inside the pantry room, Snowdon looks at his party for the first time. Counting until reaching seventeen followers, plus him, making it eighteen. Carolyn helped Foxley to wrap up the fox-man's ankle with pieces of table cloths. The steward can now stand up, but a little clumsy. Everyone looked at him, either hiding or showing their sorry facial expressions. \"You couldn't convince anyone to come, huh?\" Lionel said. \"No, but we are now on our own.\" Snowdon said. \"Let's get going.\"[Chapter 8] Chapter 8: The Adventurers The other group of survivors in the disco lounge. Isaac, Pricilla, and the hyena-man they had found under the pile of bodies by the name of Floyd Archer, the ship's magician. He recovered his dizzy mind, but still feeling all spiny inside. His tuxedo with little of smudges, he learns about the two fellows in distress and a stuck lion-man. The three eventually came back to the others. The adult hyena examines the big, heavy girder. They tried one more time lifting the long bean, they were unsuccessful. \"Okay, let's find some 'pole' to leverage this.\" Floyd said. \"Come, kid, I need a hand. Let's make my next magic trick.\" He takes Isaac with him and lastly the young college student made Pricilla to stay with them. The two went out. \"This is your fault…\" Pricilla muttered to Clover. \"What?\" Clover did hear her clearly that made her growl inside her instincts. The beagle dog-girl turned sharply at her young cousin, \"That this is your fault!\" She yelled her. \"If you didn't—\" Clover cut right at her and barked at her, \"Don't even go in there! You were the one who brought me here! We didn't even know this was going to happen, and you were the one who wanted to get on Isaac's pants all the way!\" Pricilla slapped Clover's face, she yelped, loud enough for Gwen to make her move and stop them from fighting each other. \"Enough, you two!\" The lioness snapped. \"We have more problems than your bickering.\" \"This doesn't involve you, kitty!\" Pricilla snarled. \"Your boyfriend wouldn't even get out of—\" \"Shut up! All of you, just shut up!\" Megan the cheetah screamed. \"Blaming on someone else doesn't solve your problems, Pricilla!\" She stated. \"And how dare you hit Clover!\" Clover actually even stepped aback from her after the slap. She sat there on the ground in silence with mix of disbelief and anger. She quietly sobbed. Red is losing his battle, his chances of survival if they don't get him out under the girder. Gwen, of course, won't leave him. Red knows if time is running out, he will have to risk forcing Gwen to leave him as his final resort. He's feeling the eternity of being stuck under the large junk. The longer, he'll be losing his mind until finally screaming out loud like those girls he's with. Isaac came back with a long metallic stick which is actually a long hand rail. \"I think this could work. It's stainless steel.\" He said. \"Where's the hyena guy?\" Gwen asked. \"He's still looking for something additional to lift this.\" Isaac replied. \"Well, let's try it anyway.\" Isaac inserts the pole through the girder under it, it provided a firm hold, the pole is nicely jabbed. \"Ready?\" Isaac, Gwen, Pricilla, and Megan took a hold of the pole with both hands all together. \"Three! Two! One! Pull!\" The heavy girder moaned. The girls grunted, \"Come on!\" But it wasn't budging, only a few inches but it didn't free Red's legs out. They all exhaled and stopped. \"Shit!\" Red cried. Floyd came back with a medium-sized amp, he watched the group they have given a try without his orders. \"It's not gonna work that way, you know.\" He placed the black box device aside. \"Got any better ideas?\" Megan said. \"Pulling it only made the pole bent, right?\" He gestures the long hand rail. \"With this,\" using the black amp, \"we make a teeter-totter.\" He placed the pole on top of the black amp and jabbed the one end of the pole into the girder. \"Instead of pulling, we all need is a little bit of pushing, get it?\" \"So much for physic lessons…\" The cheetah-girl muttered. \"Come on, I think we're ready to lift.\" Floyd ordered them and all (except Clover) took a hold of the pole. \"Ready? In three! Two! One! Push!\" They roared. Pressing hard downwards. The girder groaned until Red felt the heavy pressure on his legs had gotten lighter. He dragged himself away from the risen girder and screamed. They dropped the leaver and the heavy girder slammed hard on the ground. Floyd fell off balance and landed on his bottom and howled, \"Wooo-hooo! Happy New Year!\" The hyena-man laughed. \"Happy goddamn year!\" Free at last, Gwen can now happily hug her loving lion-man all she wants. Red is just happy that he's out of his miserable death trap. The new year literally punched Red's face right before he would know it. Snowdon's group had left the ballroom, now in the pantry area that leads to the kitchen. The small room with little of damage than where the group had been, shows a cleaner sight of an upside-down room from a fun house amusement park. The brave group that chosen to follow the First Officer had managed to make their first step of leaving the ship to home. \"Where's the kitchen, Foxley?\" Snowdon asked. \"Right this way, sir.\" The fox steward gestured to a closed door. \"Kameron, are you sure you can walk?\" Sydney Jennings worried. \"Don't worry, I can walk better than you.\" He assured with a hint of courage. Carolyn had treated his ankle she could. He'll be walking limply for a while. The locked door is the same black-and-yellow striped solid door from earlier that could not be reached to open. A red light is kept flashing constantly below. \"I'm afraid that there's fire from the other side of the door, sir.\" Jennings said. \"Is it safe to get through the kitchen?\" Zoey asked. \"I'm going to check and make a safety path.\" Snowdon said. \"And see if we can find the vertical access to the engine room.\" \"Let me come with you, Snowdon.\" Mr. Kershaw stepped in. \"I'm a former fireman, I can handle these situations.\" Snowdon himself had volunteered on fire drills during his career onboard the Poseidon and other ships of the Royal Trident fleet. He also has experiences with fire situations, but he didn't mind his offer. \"Sure, be my guest.\" Approaching the locked door, Kershaw turned towards the group. \"Make sure everyone stands back from the door. We don't know how badly the fire is, we could get hurt by a flash fire.\" He announced. The group took either any side of the wall against it and crouched down. They all waited tentatively for the worst. Snowdon took a hold of the now confusing inverted switch leaver and pushed it downward. The heavy door slowly opens with a small gap. Smoke came out, but not thick black smoke. Kershaw inspects a glance of the room. \"Close the door.\" The lion-man ordered. Snowdon let his hand go from the switch and the door closed by itself. \"How is it?\" Ryder asked. Kershaw picks a fire extinguisher fixed on the wall, \"It's okay to get in, but Snowdon and I are gonna make a path to walk through.\" He said and picks his handkerchief to filtrate precious oxygen. Snowdon turned to Sylvester, \"Rycroft, you're in the navy, right?\" \"Yes, I was a Lieutenant onboard the aircraft carrier Abraham Lincoln .\" Sylvester replied. \"Good, will you guide the door for us?\" Sylvester obeyed and stand in position and wait for any instructions. \"Sir, let me come, too. I know the way around the kitchen than you do.\" Sydney Jennings stepped in. Snowdon accepted his offer. The three men faced at the door. \"Ready when you are, Officer.\" Rycroft readied, \"Everyone, get back into your positions!\" He said to the group and huddled against the walls. Snowdon, Kershaw and Jennings nodded readily, and Rycroft pulled the switch downwards. The door opens again and wide enough for both large beast-men to enter the infernal kitchen. Once there, Rycroft closed the door behind them. Just as they have feared to what a destroyed kitchen would be like. But not exactly infernal would have been, but smoke is the real danger than just fire. The industrial ovens are still heated but not alight. \"The emergency gas shut off must have been activated.\" Jennings stated. \"Good to know.\" Kershaw replied. The new floor shows clear signs that the sprinklers did their job to put any raging fire out, there was puddle of water in the mess. The pipes and lights are going to make the walking more serious. One miss step, one could hurt an ankle, simple as that. The three marches ahead and find the safest path through the destroyed kitchen galley with aluminum equipments… …and carnage… \"Do you know where the vertical access is, Jennings?\" Snowdon asked. \"It's near around, I always use it all the time.\" Jennings said. \"It's over there…\" He pointed the to a staircase sign fixed on the new floor with an arrow pointing away. Making that turn, they stopped their pace. \"This is it!\" The three pulled the any debris blocking the door in the way. Jennings got his hands on the door and open it. \"Oh, shit!\" He shouted when heavy black smoke came out. He closed it shut. Coughing with his handkerchief. \"Is that the way?\" Kershaw asked. \"Yes, but we cannot go there and get consumed by the smoke.\" Snowdon stated. \"Hey, map.\" Kershaw referred to Jennings, \"What this elevator leads to?\" He pointed a dual silver door elevator way. \"That's the service elevator, every single deck to go.\" Kershaw and Snowdon stepped in front the elevator door. The doors can be opened manually in emergency, but Snowdon and Kershaw are having some difficulty. \"It's jammed!\" \"We need something to pry with!\" Snowdon said. \"Where's the axe when I need one?\" \"That's my favorite toy, too.\" Kershaw joked. \"There's one!\" He saw the red box in a far end of the now port side bulkhead. The glass was shattered but the axe was still there inside. Kershaw picked it up and came back with the others. Kershaw ordered both to stand back and jabbed the axe between the merged doors, he puts pressure and one door creaks and squeaks opens out. With a good opening, Snowdon and Kershaw pushed the doors altogether. Nice and wide. \"I like these service elevators because it has doors on both sides.\" Jennings said. Fully opened, there is no elevator on sight. Across is another double-door with the inverted number 4 in white. Kershaw uses his cellphone's flashlight, and both look down, the numbers 5, and 6 doors appeared but 7 and others are nowhere seen below, not because the phone's flashlight could not bright any further, it was full of water. Looking up, from deck 4, 3, 2, 1, and 0, there's the elevator up there with some glowing flickering on all sides of the squared, caged box lifter. \"What goes through there?\" Kershaw asked Jennings the same door across. \"It goes further forward the passenger cabins.\" He said. \"And there's also staircases that leads up to the entertainment area on deck 3.\" \"Out of the way, I brought something.\" Snowdon had separated from the two and came back with a long, six-legged stool out of aluminum. He dragged it all the way here. \"Help me with this.\" Kershaw and Jennings grabbed a hold of the metal plank. \"What are you planning, sir?\" Jennings asked. \"We are going to cross it.\" The bear-man stated. \"Ready? One-two-three –Go!\" The three extended the plank through the elevator shaft, accidentally misjudging the distance and hit the other door and scraping it. They quickly hold it back and tried again, carefully resting the plank on the tiny ledge of one inch of surface below the closed door. \"Keep it steady. I'm going to check. Give me the axe, Kershaw.\" Snowdon said. Jennings and Kershaw hold the six-legged stool by the two back legs, pressing it steady. Snowdon steps on the plank and walks slowly towards the doors. Once there, he noticed the dents it has. Hoping, he jabs the axe between the doors, but it feels heavy. \"Grr! I can't pry it open!\" \"What about that half-opened door if we go there? Above you.\" Kershaw pointed the door with the inverted number 3 above Snowdon. It's ajar open near four inches. \"That's the casino's storage room —The entertainment section is up there.\" Jennings stated. Snowdon walks out of the plank. Meeting up with the two. \"Alright, before we can start this. I'll come back with the others, they must be waiting for us. You both stay here, alright?\" Jennings and Kershaw nodded. The rest of group waited hopefully in the pantry, Sylvester guarding the door and waiting for any signal from Snowdon. Time was passing by silently, Rico checked on his cracked screened phone; is two and ten of the morning. He forgot that it was now January first of the new year and it still feels like December 31st tonight. The heavy door banged out loud, Sylvester reacted to open the door. Sliding widely, Snowdon came back a little dirty and sweaty from the heat. \"How was it?\" Sylvester asked. \"Is it safe?\" The door gently closed behind the polar bear. \"The good news is we found a way to the next deck.\" Snowdon announced. \"The bad news is that our intentional escape route to the engine room is blocked. Too much smoke and completely piled up and destroyed. We made a path where we can walk through. So, come on, one at the time.\" He ordered the group. \"Rycroft, open the door.\" Once again, Rycroft opens the door. Snowdon glanced at the group and continued, \"There's a lot of bodies, it's not pretty sight. And don't touch anything! Everything's hot!\" The awaited group finally got their green light to the door. Sylvester patiently saw one-by-one stepping through the door before he could walk in the kitchen galley with the rest. The door slowly closed automatically shut behind them. Seeing a different part of the ship than the ballroom like the kitchen galley is worst they see here so far. The place is hard to tell if this was even an industrial galley to begin with. Snowdon gestures everyone to follow him the direction to go where he cleared away a path. \"Watch out for pipes and lighting fixtures.\" Snowdon warned. \"Follow me.\" The group marched almost in line behind one another, watching their steps for any tricky obstacles that could fool their footing. The poor cooks or chefs lie around scattered around them. Nothing they could do to save them. Foxley and Jennings somehow got out on time in the pantry before they could have been crushed by every single industrial equipment –something suddenly sounded like it felt and got lose and slammed on the ground, Stephanie screamed out loud and turned to embrace her father sobbing. Rycroft and Jett glanced at the dead body of a shark-man cook with frightening bloody teeth and some teeth knocked out on the ground. Rycroft quickly took off his black tuxedo jacket and covered it on the body. \"Stephanie, is okay.\" Her father comforted. \"Keep walking.\" He kept her by his side close to her and moving on with the others. Arriving where Kershaw and Jennings are, the group surrounds the dark opened elevator door. Looking at it in wonder. Portia Matthews speaks up, \"What is this?\" Snowdon responded, \"This is our way to the next deck.\" He pointed. \"We walk through the plank and climb up the other door above.\" He explained to everyone. \"Doesn't seem too bad.\" Carolyn said. \"But first, I would like a hand here.\" Snowdon eyed directly to Maxwell. \"Me?\" He awkwardly pointed himself. \"The door above is half-open. I was wondering if you could squeeze through it.\" \"I may be a cat, but it doesn't mean that I can…\" he paused a short moment and continued, \"Alright, alright. I'll do it.\" Jennings and Kershaw went back holding the makeshift bridge as Snowdon went first and stand by the other side against the blocked door. Maxwell followed and saw the opening gap above. \"It isn't too bad, huh?\" Snowdon quipped. \"You'll say.\" He retorted. Snowdon clasped his hands to make a step so Killian can step on his shoulders and reach up the door. \"Excuse me.\" Snowdon expected him to be heavy but it turns out he's kind of light weight. Killian grabbed a hold of the thin opened frame and off the bear-man's shoulders. \"Here we go.\" He slipped his right arm and leg and squeezed through the four-inch opening with his whole body and head. \"I'm in.\" He said. \"Zoey, come on!\" \"Coming.\" She rogered. Walking through and meets with Snowdon. \"Here I go.\" She steps on Snowdon's clasped hands and the other foot on his shoulder and thirdly steps her leg inside the thin gap. She squeezed and slips throughly. \"I made it.\" \"Help me open the doors, darling.\" Killian ordered. He grabbed a side and Zoey the other and together push the doors away from each other. Now opened and in the clear. The rest can climb without squeezing through. \"There we go. Now is easier.\" \"Children and ladies first.\" Zoey started. \"The little pup first. Come on.\" \"Sasha, I'll be behind you.\" Joshua assured. The young shepherd thought this was going to be easy like climbing the tree, but there is a deep dark well under him. \"Don't look down, alright?\" He nodded his father and stepped on the plank. Sasha slowly walks. \"It's okay,\" Snowdon tries to calm him. \"Just don't look down.\" He extents a hand at him. Sasha suddenly looks up in wonder and looks back at Snowdon, frightened. \"There's an elevator above!\" \"Look at me! Look at me!\" Snowdon directed him. Sasha sharply fixed his sight at the white bear-man. \"Just a few more steps.\" With his big white hand, Sasha grabs it and come closer to him. \"Excellent, I'm gonna lift you up, alright?\" With both hands, he easily lifted the little pup up. \"Aren't you a big boy, are you?\" High above him, Killian and Zoey reached him and safely made it above. \"Phew.\" Parkinson sighted in relief, \"Ah, good boy!\" \"You did great, Sasha!\" Zoey cheered. \"Come on, Parkinson.\" Snowdon ordered. Now it was Joshua's turn, this time Snowdon will lift someone heavier unlike the first three. Doing the same steps, Snowdon grunts as he lifts Joshua to the opening above. \"Phew. Who's next?\" Stephanie, Jett and Carolyn followed. Aubrey torn her dress by the knees as she should have done it earlier. \"Foxley, do you think you can climb it?\" Aubrey asked. \"That depends.\" The fox-man stated. \"But it couldn't be that difficult.\" After Aubrey climbed up the next level, Malcolm said, \"Portia, you better get on ahead.\" \"N-No, I'll wait last.\" She replied. Malcolm noticed her looking where they came from. \"If I see you going back, I'm not going to stop you.\" \"You're really are rude!\" Portia glared. \"What happened to the old Malcolm?\" \"I'm glad you're getting to know me a little better outside of work.\" He revealed. \"We've only been on this cruise for four days! What else we could have known each other?\" \"If you only didn't waste interviewing those celebrities, we could have gotten along well on the trip.\" Then the wolf-man intervened, \"I hate to interrupt, but you both get a room!\" \"Well, it's not my fault this colleague of mine made me go with you guys.\" Portia retorted. \"So much for my article, I knew I should have published it sooner.\" \" Your article?\" Malcolm scoffed. \"I already took cared of it.\" And remarked. \"What?\" \"I already sent it to Chief Editor Markus, he'll take care the rest.\" The Rottweiler added. \"You also forgot to write my name on it.\" He was sounding a little sour every statement he speaks. \"I can't believe you didn't added what I written. Are you trying to trash their lives' career of their aftermath? How could you!?\" He yelled. \"I knew I should have listen to my colleagues the moment you came in the business. I also know that you cheated on that contest for this fucking cruise you wanted. You really are trash, you scumbag!\" Portia lost her speech she was about to ask, but she glared at the dog-man. \"How dare you!\" \"Would you two shut up!\" Sylvester interrupted. \"This isn't the time for arguments.\" It's Foxley's turn and patiently walks through the plank. Meeting with Snowdon, he said, \"You better sacrifice your ankle, Foxley.\" \"Yes, I see…\" Nervously replied. His left uninjured foot took the first step on Snowdon's clasped hands and sacrificially stepped his right injured foot on the left shoulder and the third step comfortably reaches the opening as Snowdon lifts him up. \"Careful!\" He almost lost his balance but was helped by Joshua. \"Oh, thank you.\" Sylvester and Kale followed until it was Ryder's turns to walk the plank. The wolf-man noticed how sore Snowdon was, he's getting tired. \"Hey, I think you should lay it off. Let someone do it for you.\" Wolfson said. \"I'm fine –Keep up.\" Snowdon said. Ryder didn't say anything and climbed up to the next deck. He didn't hesitate to ask again. From above he said, \"Snowdon, let someone do it for you.\" Sylvester followed, \"He's right. Hey, Kershaw, takes his place.\" Kershaw from below nodded. \"Come on, Snowdon, let me take it from here.\" The lion-man said. \"But I need someone to hold this for me.\" He added. \"I'll do it.\" The Rottweiler took his position and holds still the one of the legs of the long stool with Jennings. \"I got it still.\" Snowdon walked out of the plank and Kershaw replaces him. \"Come on, lady, out you go.\" Kershaw directed at Portia. \"N-no, let Ricky Martin do it.\" She refused. Rico stared at her in confusion with her statement. \"What the hell, I'm –right, fine, I'll go.\" Rico stands on the plank until an object banged right in the middle of the little bridge. Rico and Kershaw stood aback from the surprise and the object bounced back and fell down the well with a splash. \"Que carajo!?\" He looks up and remembered the elevator that Sasha pointed out. \"Come on!\" Kershaw harshly grunted. \"Portia, you're next, come on!\" Malcolm ordered as he and Jennings pressed hard on the plank together. \"After what you've said to me? I no way, Jose!\" Portia retorted. \"I had enough.\" Snowdon muttered. Stepping behind of the female blonde human. \"What are doing?\" He grabs firmly on her shoulders and pushes her forward. \"Hey! Let me go! No!\" \"Don't resist, just climb.\" Snowdon monotonously said. Handing her to him, Kershaw lifts her like a porcelain doll she is, and Sylvester and Joshua reached her by the arms. She shrieked all the way up until meeting up with a stoic and disappointed face of Jett Rycroft and Aubrey Quinlivan. Snowdon climbs up by default as he was already on the plank. Once there, he looks below. Kershaw, Jennings and Robertson are the only ones left. \"Who's next?\" Kershaw started. The Rottweiler was the first to speak, \"You go,\" he patens the steward's shoulders. \"I'll hold it. Your colleague is waiting for you.\" Jennings nodded and timidly stepped on the plank. Malcolm holds both legs of the stool as Jennings meets with Kershaw and helped him climb up the other deck above. Now the last one of the finish line. \"We better keep it steady, or it'll fall off.\" Malcolm said. \"Hurry!\" Snowdon shouted. The dog-man gently makes his steps towards Kershaw. Ignoring what's above him and behind him that no one is holding the stool steady. Kershaw extends a hand to reach him… The ship rumbled… She trembled… She roared… Both loses their footing when the stool bridge swipes out of its supporting ledges. Falling into the well with a splash. One of them screamed. But one didn't. Snowdon and Sylvester reacted, and both grabbed a hand each of the lion-man. Another splash within a scream followed when after the stool fell into the water-filled shaft when another scream mixed with metallic sound followed, screeching high-pitched and rising its volume louder like a falling atomic bomb. Kershaw saw in seconds looking above, the elevator plunging from above with literal fireballs and failing emergency breaks screaming tightly against the rails. Snowdon and Sylvester pulled the old lion-man in before the flamed lifter passed their floor in a blink of an eye and loudly crash-splashed with a humongous salt-watered foam reaching and drenching through the opened door at the group. A few got soaked but not wet entirely. The slashed water rains back down the well. The ship didn't finish, another rumbling explosion came down from below. The rocking shakes loudly and the party falls off guard. The giant beast moans in pain as it ceases… A short silence from the close call. \"You okay, Kershaw?\" Sylvester huffed. The old lion-man breathed, \"I'm fine… Thank you…\" Portia's facial expression was, what could only mean; terror, stunned, blank-faced, trembled, paled, and mostly of all: shocked. Paralyzingly shocked. She stammered, \"H-he…he-he's-he's…\" Her voice is breaking apart but managed to panic… \"HE'S DEAD! OH MY GOD! HE'S DEAD! MALCOLM!\" The blonde female human screamed like a lunatic from an asylum, so out of control that she rushed towards to the opened elevator door. Snowdon immediately grabbed her from reaching through. She screams hysterically but Snowdon managed to keep her still. \"Let go of me! Let go of me!\" He she yelled at him, then another roar from the ship rocked violently. The group crouched down in force. Portia kept screaming.[Chapter 9] Chapter 9th: Reunion The disco party felt the massive jolting of the ship and the few previous earlier. The trashed lounge earthquaked aggressively, shaking off anything hanging on the new ceiling. Now Russell Westwood is freed from the girder, Gwen and Floyd help him to stand up, the group ran out to the exits before the place makes another electric explosion. Loud metallic bangs from the girders dropping, clanking, wrecking, and banging the debris scattered. They did not dare to look back. Snowdon's group were silenced but Portia's hysterical screaming were driving everyone's minds berserk. The storage room lagged one box falling from an inverted and stuck shelve, nearly hitting Rico but hit his left foot. The box spilled a dozen of water bottles. Portia screamed again. \"What's happening!?\" Snowdon hold her tight by the shoulders, he kept her calmed. \"Calm down. It's just the ship settling.\" \"What? Oh, God, what if we sink any further and nobody can find us?\" \"No, we're not gonna sink any further.\" \"Ay, mi foot...\" Rico pained. \"Welcomed to The Broken Ankle Club, my friend.\" Foxley said to Rico without any amusement with a small hint of humor. It wasn't funny at all. Portia yet finished, \"We're all gonna die you lying bastard! I should have stayed with the others – not you!\" She hit Snowdon's chest multiple times with her fists without feeling a thing, but the white bear officer just stared at her down, blanked. Waiting for her to get it out of her system. \"Malcolm's dead because of you!\" \"I'm sorry about your friend but there's nothing else we can do.\" Snowdon responded her. \"That poor man.\" Carolyn frowned. The group were speechless, had the hotel director been right? Wandering around the ship to death? Sylvester the tiger said, \"We got to remain calm, people. We must keep on moving.\" \"Sylvester, please! A man had just been killed!\" Carolyn said. \"We have no time to mourn, Carolyn.\" \"Mom, Dad's right. We can't just…\" Jett tried fill in, but it was too much to bear. \"Foxley, Jennings, is there a door here?\" Kershaw asked the stewards. Jennings and Foxley look around the unfamiliar flickering storage room. Shelves still attached on the floor and now the ceiling with a lot supplies scattered. \"Where's the door?\" Jennings nervously said comically. \"Don't tell me we went all this way for nothing?\" Maxwell the cat said. Hoping that there is a way out. \"Calm down, I know there is a door that leads to the casino.\" Foxley clarified. \"Foxley knows this ship than I do. And I'm still using a map.\" Jennings stated. Foxley had been working on this ship for five years, enough to earn his topography right the back of his head. The fox-man pointed assuredly at a pile of debris. \"There.\" Kershaw began to move the debris aside; boxes full of casino chips, bottles of alcohol and other. He found the brown colored panel that stood out than the all-white room of a storage. Clearing away, he automatically pulls the door handle… \"I'm outta here!\" Portia shouted again. \"I'm leaving!\" She marched and shoved Rico out of her way, he nearly falls but was held back by Sylvester. Letting the hysteria taking her mind over, she pushed the lion-man, but he resisted, and she opens the door until her instincts told her to back out and scream and fall with a uniformed body landed on her. Her body flailed wildly, freaking out. \"AAAAAHHHH! GET IT OFF OF ME! OFF OF ME!\" She panicked. Kershaw pushed the human male body off of her. Leaving blood on her dress all stained. Portia is not making everyone easy. She whined, \"Why this is happening to me?\" Kershaw lifted her up without a reply. \"Miss, if you want to live,\" Kershaw said, \"panicking is not gonna solve your problems.\" \"Let's get going.\" Snowdon ordered. Kale picked up the dropped water bottles from the box that hit Rico's foot and gave at each member for a resting and cooling relief. One at the time, walking through the cleared door, survivors meet their unfamiliar location. Confident at where they are, Jennings and Foxley have been through the casino of deck 3 so many times onboard. Kershaw had been around during the earlier days of the cruise with other professional gamblers playing Poker and Blackjack. Slot machines still standing over their heads and some have bulldozed to rip its golden goods spilt everywhere on the room. Snows of cards and casino chips in every corner and some money bills. Roulette and Craps tables still attached to the ceiling and few trampled on the new floor. This is nothing what could Vegas have reached it peaks of wilderness at this level of catastrophe. Dazzling lights broken and flickering but still acting as if the games were still playing. \"Foxley, the disco is around this deck, right?\" Kershaw asked. \"Yes, the casino is right next door across the hall.\" The fox steward said. \"But where's the way to go?\" Zoey said. \"It's right there…\" Jennings spotted it as realizing that it's blocked by a roulette table and other furnitures and a slot machine. \"Come on, men. Let's clear it up.\" Sylvester said. Snowdon, Kershaw, Rycroft, Ryder, and Aubrey – she insisted to help – stepped up the vertical standing table guarding the group's way. The slot machine came first, making playful sounds of ringing like a child's toy. Chairs with a missing part each, one is found stuck in between the exit and the big table pinning it. Snowdon and Ryder tried to push it, then pulling it. Any attempts, the game table was firmly stuck. \"That chair has to go.\" Ryder the wolf said. \"Forgetting I have an axe here.\" Kershaw grunted. He pulled it out behind him and ordered everyone to back off. With both hands separated and hold firmly in place, he made his first swing at the stuck chair. Loud crashing bang of wood being mutilated. Then a second chopping to the chair, it broke in two and the heavy table game moved… Towards them… The group moved back even more than Kershaw ordered. It scared them how it was now leaning on like trying to get that soda can from a vending machine and shake it violently. It was menacing. Kershaw stand back, and the roulette table tumbled down with a crash on the new floor. SLAM! Card games flew by the blow of the impact, it rained down like snow. And for bonus, the famous spinning wheel popped out and rolled towards Sasha without harm, it landed upright as it topples in circles with rattling sounds. \"All clear, group.\" Kershaw said. Jett thought about the former fireman lion, He's like those Russians who solve their problems by banging stuff. Kershaw went first through the freed exit and stepped right where he wanted. The corridor on deck 3 was alight with emergency lights and some original lighting are still working. The attractive wide corridor runs right between the aft dining room that is right now above the ballroom and the promenade hall at forward. He shouted, \"Gwen! Are you there?\" His voice echoes through the silenced, wide corridor. Picking up just a short distance a voice responded. \"Is somebody there? Hello!\" Then multiple voices shouted back. \"Help! We need help!\" This one was a girl but too young to be Gwen's. \"We got an injured here!\" This one was a male, adult sounding. The rest of the party followed behind Kershaw and followed the voice. Just a few yards ahead and across the now starboard side, they easily spotted the disco lounge's entrance with its neon lights flickering. Just in time before Kershaw could have entered, a human in dark green jacket and dark grey pants steps out of the entrance, he didn't payed attention to the incoming assistance, helps escorting the injured lion-man who is supported by a lioness and a hyena-man in a tux. Two beagle girls, one in a single black cocktail dress with a single pink stripe and the other in a purple turtleneck shirt with jeans now cut, and one cheetah-girl in an orange cocktail dress, they followed them behind. \"Gwen?\" Kershaw said right before his eyes. The daughter he raised as a cub as the only child he always looks for her since her mother passed away. With the feeling of relief and tension calmed down. The young lioness heard her name very clearly without doubts. She looks at the elderly lion-man. \"Daddy…?\" She gasped. Her heart fluttered and ran straight at him. Bracing him with joy. \"You came!\" \"I'm here, baby. I'm here.\" Kershaw hushed and whispered her. \"How are many of you?\" Snowdon asked at the hyena. \"We're seven of us.\" He said. \"Taking care of lovely young women here. The name's Floyd Archer – the magician.\" And introduced himself, shaking hands with the officer. Stephanie and Jett curiously glimpsed at the newfound survivors. At total of seven, it was Stephanie whom suddenly gasped. \"Clover?\" Clover Forrest the beagle, since her cousin Pricilla slapped her right in the face and muzzle, she was too succumbed of the menacing situation that turned her mind isolated from anyone to come near her. It was until she hears a different voice than her fellow travelers of the cruise. Her sorrow-ness was clicked off and turned at the voice's owner. Confused of all people, \"Stephanie?\" \"Oh, my god! You're alive!\" Stephanie cried. She made up towards her. \"Are you okay?\" Jett followed up behind her. \"I'm fine, really.\" She assured. \"Oh, it's you two…\" Pricilla said sternly. \"The sun-valley tigress and the singing tiger-boy.\" \"Easy,\" Jett said, \"we're in the same sinking boat, and now you're calling nicknames?\" Pricilla scoffed and turned up her back at them. \"Just ignore her.\" Clover said. \"She lost three friends back there–\" \"Shut up!\" Pricilla barked, half-tearing. \"D-don't you even dare to bring them up!\" \"Is anyone a doctor?\" Megan the cheetah said and gestures at the hurt, red-maned lion. \"He's hurt.\" Carolyn made way towards Red, the lion half-resting on the uncomfortable new floor next with Gwen. Asking where, Red explains he was pinned by the upper legs. Carolyn asked Jett's and Sylvester's handkerchiefs in their pockets. \"There's some cuts and bruises but I'm want to clean them anyway.\" Carolyn said. She ripped open the trousers to get a better look. Carolyn wasn't impressed or worried. Only the left upper leg was hurt than the right. \"Russell…\" Kershaw sat next to him. \"Thank you…\" And patting him on the shoulder. Red could not understand his statement. \"Sir… She saved me.\" He assured him. Kershaw glanced at his daughter in so revealing. Just like her mother , he thought. \"Don't worry, young man.\" Carolyn said. \"Once I'll path you up, you will be walking back on track.\" \"Thanks…\" He said. Trying to ignore the pain of the left upper leg being treated. \"You're a nurse, right?\" \"I was an intern back in college.\" She said. \"But I gave up medical school when I met my husband.\" Stephanie said to Red, \"I'm studying to be a nurse, I never thought my skills would have a true meaning in the future.\" \"You must be proud then.\" Gwen said with a smile. Isaac paid attention the bear-man wearing his formal night uniform of his rank as first officer. \"Excuse me, officer, do you know what happened here?\" He asked every demanding with an angry expression. Snowdon faced the youngster without being affected of the many times that passengers complained about every shipboard inconvenience. \"We've struck a rouge wave, kid, that's what happened.\" \"A wave!\" Isaac baffled. \"What the hell! That doesn't make any fucking sense! Waves that large can't just pile up further in the ocean until the coast!\" \"It's a different type of wave – a phenomenon one.\" Sylvester said. \"I've seen one before in my Navy days. It damaged and almost lost the carrier's planes to the sea.\" Isaac may be the son of a yachtsman in Newport of the regatta competitions, but never been that further part of the ocean. \"Did your men sent out an SOS?\" \"I'm afraid that I'm out of touch with them.\" Snowdon stated. \"Are they all dead?\" Megan feared. Snowdon, even the others preferred not to admit it, didn't responded to that. \"As the outside world are aware, the ship automatically is sending an emergency GPS beacon. They will know where we are.\" \"Or dead before they can reach us.\" Portia retorted. First time speaking like her doubtful self. Rico sighed annoyingly with his index and thumb fingers pressing between his eyes of his bridge. They all heard her spiritless statement but ignoring her will be in order. Gwen wondered and asked the officer, \"Do you know where exactly we are, Officer? I mean…the location?\" \"Yeah, about that.\" Ryder joined. \"We must be close to the Hawaiian Islands, right?\" \"But, it's been only four…\" Rico cut in and think straight. \"…and now close to five days since we left Long Beach. \"We're supposed to arrive to Hilo by the sixth day.\" \"I'm afraid we're not even that close to shore.\" Snowdon finally spoke. \"We're over thousands of miles away from land and, as far as I'm aware, we still haven't crossed the Northern Tropic…or known as the Tropic of Cancer.\" In two days they should have arrived the Big Island of Hawaii, but now Poseidon is floating dead hundred of miles above the imaginary line where the sun can reach its zenith by the beginning of the northern hemisphere's summer. Learning the miles of how far they are or how beyond to be reached for rescue. Can they all make it? \"Say,\" the hyena-man said, \"what are you people going before you all came here?\" He asked to everyone but focused on the polar bear. But the little figure of a German Shepherd stepped up. \"We're going to the bow engine room where the bow thrusters are.\" \"You all planning to get out of here?\" Isaac asked. \"What happened to 'stay put and wait for help'?\" \"We're going to meet the rescue once we arrive there.\" Sylvester said. \"If you all want to come with us? That'll be great.\" The tiger-man finished and went ahead towards forward through the extravagant corridor. Megan bravely said. \"We'll come.\" \"What?\" Pricilla reacted, turning at her. \"Spencer, Royce and Christine just died in front of us. They would appreciate if we save ourselves.\" The cheetah responded. \"I'm coming, too…\" Clover announced. \"We're not going anywhere!\" Pricilla yelled. \"Can't you see we're on a sinking boat!?\" Clover yelled, \"We'll die if we stay behind. I knew I should have stayed in Newport, but noooo, you wanted to be close with Isaac!\" \"Fuck off! I'll slap you again!\" \"Make me!\" It got too far, and Stephanie held Clover while Isaac and Megan held Pricilla away from each other. Both canines snarled at one another with devastating verbal nuisance in front of the group. Clover had the last straw, \"I hate you! I wish you all your friends are dead and including you! I hope you die, bitch!\" \"Shut up, both of you!\" Isaac boomed. \"Enough!\" Both canines quieted. \"We got more problems than what it is right now. If you two behave for once–\" \"I'm the one behaving! It's her!\" Pricilla screamed, cutting him off. \"We're not going!\" \"Oh, yes we're going with them, and that's final! I don't want to hear both of you barking on each other and die exactly like dogs! I want you two to behave well and stick together, nothing more! Is that too much to ask?\" Hearing him to yell like that for the first time in front of Pricilla was stabbing-some. It really hurt her to see him like that. Pricilla the beagle wanted to whine, wanted to cry, and please for forgiveness. She settled down and relaxed her tensed body, \"Fine…\" \"Thank you, Pricilla…\" Isaac responded. \"Are you guys done?\" Portia cruelly said. \"Good, because I'm tired of sitting here and waiting for nothing.\" The group ignored her and continued. Carolyn and Stephanie finished with Red's left leg and he will be walking limply like Foxley for a while. Sylvester went ahead earlier and Snowdon, Kershaw, Ryder, and Archer searched through the small alleyways of every shipboard facilities. No signs of life. Carolyn asked the college youngsters about their parents' whereabouts, but they are actually traveling in group without them. \"How do you all get to travel at such a young age? I know you are all in college, but, how could you all afford such a trip?\" The older tigress said. Megan said, \"The cruise line's brochure said eighteen and older can travel and my friend Spencer got us tickets for the trip because his father has close relations with the company. We thought we could spend a holiday away from winter as most of all of us do.\" \"And now we're in trouble…\" Clover added. \"You must be Clover.\" Carolyn said. \"Stephanie have talked about you.\" \"That's nice of you…\" She calmly complimented. \"Are we really going to get out?\" \"They're still searching around.\" Stephanie said. \"Where did Dad go?\" Jett went through where his father went. He was staring at a double door with shinny handles. Strangely, during the earlier days of the cruise, Jett had walked around these parts and where left with the doors opened wide for the public. Why it was closed? \"Dad, whatcha doing?\" He said. \"Just thinking…\" Sylvester replied. \"And you?\" \"Um, does it lead to somewhere?\" \"It leads forward to the main hall, but…\" He paused. \"What's behind it?\" Jett scoffed, \"Just open it.\" He extends his hand, but it was swiftly caught by the wrist of his father's hand before he could touch the handle. Jett gasped. \"Easy, champ.\" Sylvester gave his son careful state of warning. \"Watch…\" He let go Jett's hand and picked a water bottle given from Summers. He opened the cap and pour the liquid on the metal handles's surface. Sizzling. Hissing. Vapor. Burning hot. Jett stepped back from the menacing obstacle. Speechless of a visual answer from his father. \"It's hot!\" Jett startled when Sasha's voice appeared behind him. He must have followed him. \"Sasha!\" His father made towards him. \"What are you doing?\" \"Dad, this door is the way to the Promenade Hall.\" Parkinson did hear him but kneeled at him and scolded. \"Please, don't walk away like that from me again, okay?\" Sasha apologized, and he continued. \"I don't want you going by yourself and away from the group. Do you understand?\" The little pup nodded. \"Aaahh!\" Sylvester, Jett, Sasha and Joshua heard a scream from somewhere but was not anyone of the group. They looked at the door, hearing somebody owing in pain. \"Ow! My hand!\" Sylvester tried to use his black tuxedo jacket, but he had already throw it away to cover a body. \"Gimme your jacket!\" Sylvester ordered Jett's jacket. Quickly taking it off, donating it to him and using it to protect from burning his hands. Holding onto the handle and pull. \"Damn it! It's stuck!\" He grunted. \"Help! There's someone trapped!\" Jett shouted. Snowdon, Kershaw and others hurried. Sylvester shouted through the door. \"Stand away from the door! I'm gonna bust it!\" He kicked up with his right leg and bang right between the double door. It didn't budge. Snowdon followed and together kicked the stuck doors with force inwards. With relief, Sylvester feared about a fire spreading behind the door, but it turns out to be a flash-fire, heating the door as to forbid anyone near it. The group saw two people and hurriedly walking out of their cell. A young female human wearing a costume of hula dancing which was ruined and shredded which is covering very little of her body. And the other is a tan-furred, rabbit-woman in a dark-blue gown with a name tag on the left breast. Both looked tired and terrified but seeing more people before their eyes was a relief for the two of them. \"Oh, thank god!\" The young girl cried. \"We're saved!\" Snowdon's exclamation mark popped right above his head to see the cruise director Joyce Blake. \"Miss Blake?\" He wasn't the only one, Foxley and Jennings felt the same. But Jennings could not believe right before his eyes at the other individual. \"Mr. Snowdon!\" Miss Blake said. \"You're alive!\" \"Lani?\" Jennings spokes. \"Is that you?\" The Hawaiian native reacted to what thought to be a stranger, but it was her friend Sidney Jennings. \"Sid?\" She gasped and ran right up to him and hug him. \"Oh, Sid! I'm so happy to see you! Something crazy just happened!\" \"Are you hurt?\" She released from hug. \"I'm okay, I just burnt my hand.\" She stated, and Jennings picked up his bottle water and pour it on Lani's red-colored hand. The liquid was temperature, not cold from the fridge, but it relieved her hand at least. Seeing her costume ruined, Jennings gives his steward jacket uniform to her. \"Oh, thank you…\" It was over her size, it covered her whole slim torso. \"Is there anyone with you?\" Snowdon asked. \"Just Lani and me…\" Blake said. \"Lani and I were in the Promenade Hall with the other passengers until the ship turned over. We couldn't do anything, passengers were running in panic. I thought I was done for, but Lani found me when there wasn't anyone around there. We were the only ones before you found us.\" \"It's all right, Joyce. You're safe.\" Snowdon assured. \"Wait…\" Joyce started. \"You were from the ballroom, right?\" \"Blake, I…\" \"What happened in the ballroom?\" The rabbit doesn't want to let it go. Rico stood up, \"Your colleague of a hotel manager doesn't want to cooperate and made hundreds to stay behind.\" \"Then, we have to go back! It's safe there, right?\" Snowdon shook his head, \"Miss Blake, Collins and the others decided to stay. We're not coming back.\" \"You cannot be serious.\" She cried. \"We have a job to do and we cannot leave hundreds of people all down there. Our jobs are to protect the passengers…\" She kneels with hands on her face with sobs hidden. \"They never trained me this kind of thing…\" Snowdon was lost to what to do with her, but Lani lower along with Blake to comfort her. \"It's okay, Miss Blake. It's going to be alright.\" \"Miss Blake, there's nothing we can do about it.\" Jennings said close to her. \"They made up their choices to stay. If you quit, you're bound as those in the ballroom. I know this is difficult for you, but there's no other choice. Come with us.\" \"Please, Miss Blake, we don't want to leave you.\" Lani pleaded. The rabbit-woman quietly stands up with Lani. She sniffles and replied, \"Alright... I'll go.\" \"I'm glad you did the right thing, Miss Blake. We all gonna get out of here, safe and sound.\" Jennings said with a smile. Settled, the group grew at twenty-six. Lani kindly introduced herself towards the whole group. Happy to join. Then Snowdon talked to the new members from the disco about their intentions of getting out to through the bottom of the ship towards the bow. To which Miss Blake and Lani reacted their heading towards the opened doors they had came from. \"Wait…\" Lani started. \"We all going where we've been to?\" \"It's our direction towards the bow.\" Kershaw said to her. \"But there's…\" She stopped to which the whole group caught her attention. \"There is what, miss?\" Kale Summers asked. He sensed a hint of fear of possible dangerous obstacle or something much worse ahead of them which he holds his left hand with Ryder the wolf. \"There's a huge well where people had fallen…\" She warned. Rico verified her statement and specified. \"You mean the atrium?\" \"Y-yes… There's water down below and the stairs broken. I guess I could say that it's blocked…\" Snowdon asked the young girl. \"Are you sure that is blocked?\" \"I don't know. I woke up at the other side of the atrium that I tried to walk around it, but it has been wrecked badly which I have to cross this weird, wrecked bridge and that was the moment I saw the statue right above me, all upside-down. That's all I know.\" Lani pressured her knowledge. Zoey assured her, \"It's okay, miss, you don't have to force yourself too much.\" \"Are you kidding?\" Portia strikes again. \"She said it was blocked. No way out!\" \"Are you deaf, lady?\" Rico retorted. \"She said she crossed the atrium on something. That's a path.\" \"Only way to find out, Rico.\" Ryder said. Maxwell added, \"If it's blocked, then we'll have to go the other way, uh, towards the back of the ship and find a way up to the front, right?\" \"There's always a plan B, Mr. Maxwell.\" Foxley said. \"I would like to see this 'wrecked bridge' you speak of, Miss.\" Snowdon said to Lani. \"Of course.\" Lani nodded. The group marched through the opened doors. For the passengers, this area is a small boutique shop, full of broken glass scattered on the new floor from the floor-to-ceiling glass windows. As a boutique shop, tax-free products from purses to jewelry are shinning the dimmed room by the emergency lighting. \"How many diamonds does it take to throw in the ocean…\" Archer said. \"They've been there and done that. Lay it off, Sir.\" Rico said. \"Just keeping the mood.\" The hyena sincerely said. \"Hey, I remember you!\" \"Pardon?\" \"You're the spaniard at the bar the other day, right?\" \"Ah, you're the one whom gave me that half advice before you left. It sucked.\" \"Well, sorry. When I came back, you were already gone.\" \"I was drunk, what am I supposed to…\" \"Oh, dear god…\" The hyena-man stopped. \"What?\" Rico wonders and saw the magician kneeling at a lifeless body. Jennings cried, \"Oh, God! It's Kacy!\" \"Kacy…\" Gwen remembered. \"She was the waitress whom ran away.\" Unlike the badly, blooded, dead shark-man that Stephanie was frightened of, the Caucasian female human lies almost peacefully with few blood stains on her uniform, but her head had a mortal wound behind all that blonde hair. Her eyes were closed long ago. \"I didn't know it was her when we passed by.\" Miss Blake said. \"There's nothing we can do for her.\" Foxley said, voice weaken. Jennings rummages around her neck, taking off a necklace. \"I hope I can bring this to her family if we get out of here.\" \"Um, Sid…\" Lani started. Jennings turns to her and asked what is it? She said, \"Do you think I can borrow her shoes, I mean, I'm barefoot.\" Jennings saw her feet with small cuts and bruises. Lani was performing the night for the party that she was wearing a hula dancing costume that didn't included a pair of slippers. Jennings nodded and took Kacy's low-heeled shoes. \"I not sure if you're the same size.\" Jennings said. Lani didn't hesitated and put the shoes on, it was an inch longer than her size. \"They are fine. I hope Kacy understands my situation.\" She stated. \"She's now in a better place…\" Foxley said. The group quietly leaves Kacy's body alone in peace. Foxley and Jennings have known Kacy since she began working on the Poseidon for over a year. It may not be much, but enough to know her what she likes or dislikes and openly talked about her family back in England. Mixed reactions as to what had happened to her, the families are facing sorrow-ness when they hear the news.[Chapter 10] Chapter 10th: Atrium The marching group of twenty-six moved forward ahead. Lani and Joyce have walked passed these areas before encountering with Snowdon's party. Familiarized, the passengers and crew know that this wide corridor heads towards the larger public area of the Promenade Hall's second level, which peers over the first level of Deck 2. The area they are in, is roasted by a fiery flash fire. Sprinklers had soaked the place, stepping on puddles as they walk slowly. The faint smell of burnt material reaches their nostrils. It made Rico to blow out air sharply from his nose when it hit him. \"Ugh…\" Getting every smelly air he got inside his nostril out. They all stopped, another black-and-yellow striped door. This wasn't very familiar to appear for the passengers. The watertight door is fully closed automatically with a yellow flashing light signaling caution. \"Was this door closed?\" Sylvester asked. \"Yes, we came from there. We can open it.\" Miss Blake said. Snowdon looks for the handles which was encased in a yellow box that said \"Do not open. Watertight Doors Handle\" in upside-down. Pulling the handle upwards, the doors made a heavy sound as it slides slowly open. \"Wait till the doors are fully opened.\" Snowdon ordered. Once wide opened, one-by-one passes in a orderly fashion. Snowdon saw all walked through and released the handle which the doors slowly slide back to close, enough for him to walk through it without worry. \"All accounted for?\" He said. \"All accounted, Snowdon.\" Sylvester said. \"Except for Malcolm.\" Portia muttered. For the curious like Sasha seeing the Promenade Hall, now standing on the new floor in front of cracked chandeliers, railings of the second level now hanging up on both sides, and marble tiles of the former floor of Deck 2 right above them. Surrounded of confetti, streamers and fallen intact balloons covered the bodies who had partied earlier. The lights are dimmed pretty dark, except the adjacent of the Grand Lobby forward, lights are much brighter than where they are. This is the place where Lani and Joyce were, surrounded with chaos of panicked people until disappearing from sight. No screams, no help, nor distresses around. It was silence that metaphors the large scale of catastrophe. Walking about half of a football field, avoiding some debris and bodies, and finally stopping where there isn't any safety railing. Standing a wide gap right between the two wider columns that posses the crystal elevators, the group sights the ominous looking upside-down world – the ship's atrium. The first place where passengers boards the ship on the first day of embarkation. Sasha just wowed at the wrecked place while the others just speechless in their minds. The elegant twin staircases had been collapsed. Both sides of port and starboard are wrecked without a chance to walk around it. Below them was a well that once was the ceiling with an indoor glass dome that simulated the sky. It was gone, only water. It was murky, dirty with debris, and lapping near the ledges of the soon-to-be flooded deck. Above them was the statue of the ship's namesake, still standing with its trident facing down with tiny drips of blood… \"Where are we going to start?\" Russell said. \"I've only worked on this ship for a few days.\" Lani said. \"This is it.\" She automatically pointed the now right side of the thick column. \"There, that's the wrecked bridge that I'd crossed.\" \"The elevator's tracks had been ripped.\" Snowdon said. \"Are we going to cross it?\" Stephanie asked. The elevator on their right looks as if stuck almost one deck below them. Leaned heavily downwards with its shattered capsule glass, showing its \"back\" of closed glass doors with one of them cracked, but not shattered. The lifting vehicle took down its rail tracks with it. It swung directly right across the same deck. It might be responsible for destroying the twin staircases, with that, it shows a clearer path to go forward. \"Will it hold?\" Carolyn concerned. \"I think it will hold; it's solid steel.\" Ryder the wolf said. He leaps with one step on the elevator and set himself on all-fours, a few creaks and groans from the elevator rumbled. Kale startles what's his boyfriend is going. \"Ryder! What are you going? Get back here!\" Ryder didn't stop and was already halfway on the twisted rollercoaster-like tracks. \"It's fine! We can cross this!\" \"I never thought I would cross this again.\" Lani said. \"Come on, Kale! Don't let the others wait.\" Ryder shouted. \"Coming…\" Kale said. He realized he was closer on the elevator and the group almost huddle up closer his way. He cannot go back now. If he does, he will feel like a coward in front of everyone. \"Aren't you going?\" Snowdon said. \"Yeah… Sure.\" He began on all-fours like Ryder did and follow along. \"Jett, Stephanie, you both ready?\" Sylvester said. They both nodded. \"But, what about Sasha?\" Stephanie said. \"He's too short to reach any of the tracks.\" \"Don't worry, Stephanie.\" Mr. Parkinson said. \"He'll be riding on my back.\" Stephanie turns at Clover. \"Can you do this?\" \"Can't believe we're actually doing this.\" Clover nervously said. \"We had actually went a more ruckus one earlier.\" Jett said without any detail. Kale fully crossed the bridge and met with Ryder the other side. Jett went in, followed by Stephanie and their mother. Snowdon asked Sylvester to stay by the elevator as base and carefully guide the others one by one as he carefully guide his wife behind with her kids. \"Don't look down, honey.\" Sylvester said. \"I won't.\" She assured and followed her children. Floyd Archer leaned down curiously at the well as he picks a shiny flat bottle from his pocket with some goods. \"Well, this is nice…\" He opened the bottle cap and took a gulp. Miss Blake saw this and said to him, \"Mr. Archer, you better take it gentle with that.\" The hyena-man replied with, \"You can have some if you want. It's brandy – calms your nerves.\" \"No… No, thank you.\" The rabbit-woman said. \"I'll have some.\" Portia interrupted. The hyena didn't mind and gave her some. \"Miss Mathews, you mustn't. I don't think it's a good time for some liquor.\" Said Miss Blake. \"I had enough problems after Malcolm was squashed to death by an elevator.\" She spat. \"Mr. Robertson's dead?\" Miss Blake surprised. \"I'm so sorry.\" Her dreadful stare, but still affected, was not of any sympathy. \"Don't mind about it.\" Rico was next to Snowdon near the edge, looking down more curious at the well; counting the numbers of decks above water. \"Water had stopped right under Deck 6…\" Snowdon followed whatever he was stating. \"Then soon the rest will follow up slowly.\" \"Uh, I was just thinking about the shifted center-of-gravity, Mr. Snowdon. We're upside down, the entire upper structure is flooded from 14 to 7; anchoring the hull where it is.\" \"Makes sense much.\" \"Once water rises, the ship will adapt the airless element which…\" He pauses. \"The ship can finally right itself up.\" \"She'll be at the bottom of the Pacific in no time.\" He nonchalantly said. \"Those people in the ballroom, they wouldn't know what hit them…\" He quietly said. Only to Snowdon. Jett, Stephanie and Carolyn crossed the other side. For Carolyn, looking down was nauseating. The ship is still showing signs of motions as she drifts. The giant pool of water is shown sloshing and reaching Deck 6's ledges quietly with hardly any sound of rough splashing. Standing up safely the other side, Jett and Stephanie can tell how their mother cannot stands heights. \"Mom, are you okay?\" Jett asked. \"I'm fine, son.\" Carolyn assured. \"I need to stay away from the edge.\" Kindly enough, Ryder fetched a thrown chair for Carolyn to seat. \"Here, Mrs… \"Rycroft.\" She introduced. \"Mrs. Rycroft, take some rest if you're are dizzy.\" \"Thank you…\" At the other side. \"Are you ready, Mr. Parkinson?\" Sylvester said. The shepherd dog-man rubs his shoulder. \"Yes… I'm ready.\" \"Dad, are you hurt?\" Sasha worried. \"I'm fine, son.\" Lionel Kershaw walked up behind him, \"I remember seeing you protecting your back shoulder earlier at the ballroom. Please, excuse me.\" He checks gently with his right hand until Joshua flinched at the touch. \"Hey! Easy!\" Parkinson said. \"You're going to have problems when carrying your son on your back. Let someone do it.\" Lionel turns to Red. \"Russell, think you can carry the boy?\" \"But his leg is hurt?\" Sasha pointed it up. \"I think it's just a scratch.\" Red said. \"Come on, boy. On my back.\" Sasha obeyed, Red crouched down as Sasha climbs on his back. Wrapping around his neck firmly. The lion-man made one step down onto the elevator, crawling on fours slowly. Joshua follows next, Sylvester helps him climb one step down and he'll do the rest. \"Who's next?\" Sylvester asked. \"We'll go.\" Killian Maxwell said. Turns to his wife, \"Can you manage?\" \"Sure, I can do it. You'll be behind me, will you?\" Zoey said. \"Yes, I will.\" He assured. Red safely escorted Sasha to the other side. Joshua made it without difficulty. Now the Maxwells' turn, Zoey went first as Killian crosses the wrecked bridge behind her. \"Be careful, it feels slippery.\" Said Maxwell. \"It feels very oily if you ask me.\" She said. \"This really feels like we had been taking forever.\" Said Zoey. \"The sooner you get to the other side, the sooner we arrive at the bow.\" Killian said. \"That's easy to say. But this ship is bigger than I've imagined.\" \"Miss Blake, why you don't go next?\" Snowdon said. \"But…what about.\" Archer stepped in. \"Don't worry about us, Miss. Go ahead.\" Aubrey then started. \"You better cut that gown, Miss Blake. You could trip.\" \"While these two are busy, I'll just go ahead before the bear-man pushes me to cross.\" Portia said and met with Sylvester to help her step carefully on the leaned down elevator. She had already torn off her dress to her knees. \"Glad that you're cooperating.\" Sylvester said. Kershaw turns at his daughter. \"Better go ahead. I'll go last.\" Gwen said, \"Alright, but, I want to say something, Dad.\" \"You can save it for later.\" He said. \"Just not now.\" Joyce prepared, she crosses the bridge along with Aubrey after Portia crossed. Clover, Pricilla, Megan and Isaac catch up. Then Sidney helps Foxley along as Lani crosses it for the second time. As Rico cross this, Ryder shouted. \"Hey, Snowdon! You don't mind if I look around where this corridor leads to?\" Rico reached the other side and then Snowdon shouted back. \"That corridor leads forward to the theater. Wait till the rest of us!\" \"Ryder, don't go ahead from us.\" Kale said. \"I thought I could buy more time.\" Ryder said. \"You know, clear up a path.\" Aubrey said to both. \"Mr. Snowdon knows what he's doing. We cannot be separated at any cost.\" Portia scoffed behind her back. \"Gwen, are you ready?\" Kershaw said. \"Sure…\" But then Floyd went first and clumsily landed hard on the elevator. The black capsule shook a little with some rattling. Sylvester picks him up. \"Hey! Watch it!\" \"Sorry…\" Floyd recovers. Looking at Kershaw, he smiles. \"Huh, big hero, right?\" Pointing at him. \"Rescued all those women and children from fires. Man, you got elected – you did well, but why quitting then? Couldn't hack it? If what I recall correctly, you couldn't even hang onto your wife.\" Kershaw had enough… \"Come on!\" Arms spread for ready to fight with him. Gwen grabbed her father by the wrist. \"Dad, let him go. He's just drunk. Okay?\" \"I won't feel a thing! Hit me! I'm like Houdini…\" After a hiccup, \"Alright, fine – couldn't help it.\" Sylvester chuckles his drunk jokes before gesturing to pass him. \"Come on, go ahead.\" \"Assholes, both of you.\" He continues moving through the tracks, using all fours with one hand still holding his flat bottle. Floyd is showing a lot of his movements rather slippery, making pass halfway, he slipped one foot and used both hands to recover, letting go the bottle. His sudden slip startled the group with gasps from the women and twitch jump scares by the men. The hyena-man shouted. \"Damnit!\" The small flat bottle of brandy fell into the well with salted Pacific water. The splash wasn't audible by the group, just a tiny sound almost as drip. He looked down when it disappeared from the murky water of bodies below. \"That was my favorite bottle!\" Sylvester sighed. \"What an idiot…\" He stepped on the tracks to give him a hand. The tiger also saw the young human coming by to help. Isaac stepped ahead as Floyd was closer to them. \"Isaac come back!\" Pricilla barked. \"I'm going to help him! Jeez.\" He replied her. He moved much faster to reach the troubled the magician. \"Come on, Archer.\" \"Thank you, kid. I appreciate it.\" Floyd said. \"I'll be fine, go ahead…\" BANG! \"Who the hell is shooting at us?\" Everyone looked up. Another loud bang and then a snap. It sounded close when Snowdon look up the base of the statue. One bolt popping at the time. Snowdon screamed. \"Get outta there!\" Pricilla screamed Isaac's name and begged to come back. She attempted to go get him but was held by Megan away. Sylvester, Isaac, and Floyd – almost in the middle of the tracks – saw the statue making noises. They went what could they go. Sylvester moves towards back with Snowdon and Kershaw as Isaac and Floyd made their way with the rest. Trying not to look back and cross away from danger. It was swift, the tracks got caught and buckle down into the abyss. Poseidon fell into one piece, falling head first into the water. A giant geyser roars high up to the former floor. Billions of drips fall back down. A huge jerk rattled the entire atrium; the statue impacting the bottom of the former ceiling where the dome was. The pool of water continues making waves as the everything clears up in seconds. The elevator's track was gone. The group tried to refresh what just happened. They see Sylvester hanging on the edge. The elevator was spared but leaned further downward. Carolyn screamed. \"Sylvester!\" Her children shouted along. \"Dad!\" \"Where's Isaac?\" Clover softly said. \"Archer?\" Miss Blake wondered. \"Holy crap! Karma did it again!\" Portia cried. Pricilla screamed; she saw everything. Isaac making it back until the tracks went down with him. Disappearing out of nowhere. She approached the edge and peered down screaming for, \"ISAAC!\" The beagle-girl kneeled, falling apart mentally as she sobs in agony. Megan picks her up away from the edge. She already knows how she felt when she found Spencer crushed with the girder. All she could do was to comfort her best friend. Clover just stood there, not at her cousin, the well. Trying not to look down and admitting the consequence in her conscience. \"He's dead.\" She softly said. Snowdon and Kershaw reached down to Rycroft. \"Hang on!\" The bear-man said. Each both grabbed a hand and pulled the tiger-man in. The four remaining were cut off from reaching anywhere to the other side. Gwen just couldn't help it and realized she may have delayed her turn for a small reason. The three beast-men exasperated. Shouting at the others that they are okay. Kershaw said, \"Well, we better go back and find another way up.\" \"Go back?\" Snowdon said. \"We just came all the way from there. I'm not leaving the others behind. You go that way, you die.\" \"We didn't look through every other corridor. We must go back!\" \"You do what you want. We're getting across!\" \"If you got a better idea, I'm all ears… \"No, Kershaw, I don't have another way, but we're getting across!\" \"You get stuck here, you die!\" Kershaw turns to Gwen. \"We're going. Let's go!\" \"Dad, no.\" Gwen cried. \"I can't. I'm sorry.\" \"What?\" She glanced at Snowdon, \"Snowdon, can you get me across?\" \"Gwen, darling, listen…\" \"No! I haven't been in a long time, Dad!\" She rummages through her pockets in her jeans and got what she wanted to tell so bad. A ring. She exhaled, facing her father. \"Red asked me to marry him.\" \"Gwen…\" Lionel Kershaw was speechless. \"I love him. I need to find a way to go with him.\" \"Gwen, please, you need to listen to me for a second.\" \"I'm not going back, Dad.\" \"You better listen to your daughter, Kershaw. We're going to cross.\" Sylvester said. He left away from them in a whim. \"Rycroft, where are you going?\" Snowdon wondered. \"Thinking!\" He shouted. Finding a red box fixed on the wall near by. He opens it up, a rolled-up fire hose well equipped. Picking up the whole of it, Carolyn is being observing her husband's movements and wonders for the fire hose he's carrying. He didn't disconnect it from the box. Coming back where the three are, he slides the head first over the hanging railing as support, wraps the flatten hose around his right forearm. \"Sylvester, what are you doing?\" Carolyn shouted. \"Impressing you!\" He shouted back. Rycroft looks down at the watery pit. He better not to hit something hard or is over for him. He's been trained, and water is not his concern. Crouched slightly down, leaned forward and thrust himself in the air like a swim athlete. His fall followed the long white hose as trail with a splash. Whole group leaned down. \"He didn't…\" Carolyn muttered. \"Son of a bitch…\" Snowdon softly said. Rising from the surface, Sylvester thrust his four limbs through the water. Pushing away floating furnitures and bodies ahead. The swim wasn't the most comfortable with everything sort of getting the way as Sylvester must pass over these unsettling obstacles of bodies. He made some quick inspections at some of the bodies. Trying to find the missing two. Nothing. Sylvester kept swimming until reaching the other side. Deck 6 is one inch flooded. Sylvester grabs the overhanging railing and climbs himself upwards. Meeting up to Deck 5 and stopping on to Deck 4. Sylvester peers his head up above to Deck 3 at the others. He shouted. \"I need some volunteers!\" Automatically, Red leaps down to Sylvester. Jett curiously follow along. A sense of excitement was rising as this was the coolest thing his father has ever seen in action. The two meet up as Sylvester pulls the long hose from slack to firm, he then ties the hose all around the hanging railing. He's instructs Jett and Red to hold tight. Sylvester laughs in satisfactions. \"Hey, Snowdon! Kershaw! I did the hard part!\" He let out a heavy, \"Woah! It's cold.\" \"Come on, Gwen!\" Red shouted from afar. \"How are we…\" Gwen tried to think. \"We'll zip-line it.\" Snowdon said. \"I'll go and get something useful.\" \"Like a hanger?\" Gwen suggested. \"Anything like that.\" Snowdon then left. Leaving the two lions. Kershaw spokes with sigh. \"I knew this day will come.\" \"I've been meaning to tell you.\" Gwen said. \"But…\" \"What is it?\" Gwen chuckled. \"You went in first and announced this cruise vacation and invited Red along. You really… I don't know… Everything happened in a whim and I wanted to talk you about this but…\" Kershaw cut her off. \"I'm not mad, honey. I should be apologizing from delaying your marriage announcement.\" \"Now that this is happening, there's no time to lose.\" Snowdon came back. He's holding two shiny curved door handles. \"Hate to interrupt your family reunion, but you both still want to cross?\" He hands over one handle to Kershaw. \"I hope you can carry her in a piggy back ride.\" Kershaw nodded. \"Hey! Come on! What's the hold up?\" Red shouted. Kershaw said to Gwen. \"Ready, darling?\" \"Yeah.\" She wraps her arms behind around her father's neck, then straddles her legs on his waist. \"I'm ready.\" \"Hold on tight.\" Kershaw place the curved door handle on top the makeshift zip-line. \"Ready! Here we go!\" He thrust with both legs and both are flying. Gwen closed her eyes as Kershaw eyes at the end of the line. \"Hang on, baby!\" The landing was cushioned by Sylvester. He stopped them from falling back. Letting go, Gwen rushed towards Red, giving him big embrace. \"You okay?\" Red asked. \"First time zip-lining. Never again.\" Gwen stated. Both laughed. From one deck up. Sasha said with enthusiasm, \"That looks fun!\" \"Maybe some other time, son.\" His father said. Snowdon followed in the clear. Last one to cross the giant well. Meeting up with the group. Gratitudes Sylvester, \"Good work, Rycroft. You really have shown your seamanship.\" \"I don't get the name Lieutenant Rycroft for nothing!\" He chuckled. \"Well, you done so well, so far. Can we keep on moving?\" Kershaw said. \"Sure, this way up.\" Said Sylvester. He gestured to climb up one deck up where the rest are waiting. The Poseidon is suffering a lot pain. The sound of torture steel is rumbling, moaning and bellowing the insides somewhere on the ship. Her heart is wounded, but still pumping air pockets to feed the trapped ones.[Chapter 11] Chapter 11: The Breach The ballroom survivors. Possibly over four-hundred people. The Christmas tree is still left where it is. Snowdon's group had left long ago. Time passed. Survivors continued on with their miserable sojourn what was once a place where they had dance leisurely, celebrated New Year's Eve party and finely dined in luxury. Now is nothing but a giant cage full of livestock sitting around and waiting for help. Living in a nightmare of sorrow as they are just waiting for a miracle to happen. The control freak of a Hotel Director, Nicolas Collins took full charge. Checking on Dr. Daxner's report on the injured. With many critical and some had already passed away in silence. The still standing with minor injuries continue their cooperation to help the needed, but as time passes they are left but sitting around in quiet around the corner. Some just took a short stroll around the same giant room a few times. Some few chats here and there and nothing more and the rest are just voices of pain and sobbing of the terrified ones. Some people, both crew and passengers, have asked the hotel manager to go ahead to others that had left with the First Officer. The human glared at anyone who brought that proposal. Replying sharply at them. \"No one is going to leave! I said to stay here and wait for help.\" And taking as far to state by pointing at the Christmas tree. \" Those people who went on that tree are already dead ! No one is going to get out of here alive if they had listened to me!\" Survivors are left to doubt more than ever by the cold statements of Nicolas Collins. Going up and meet up the expecting rescue team or stay in their safe-haven. During their wait, they have experienced rocking movements of the ship and muffle explosions that came somewhere on the ship. It scared them, but the crewmen and Security Officer Thomas Furlong kept them calm and staying put. Dr. Daxner, fixed with a makeshift sling on his arm, quietly sits near the injured. They were all covered with table cloths as bandages with pieces of leg chairs on their limbs for support. There's even a line of covered bodies with white table cloths, and blood stains and dirt on it. The ship rumbling again from a distance made the giant room go silence, a little later they all go back to their pacing mindlessly. Then a muffle explosion was heard and felt below them. A strange sense of pressure in their ears could mean that air was moving somewhere but upward. Dr. Daxner looks at his right at the black windows, bubbles rising to the surface, more and more increased. Another muffle explosion; this time, it was closer below them. Enough to shake and feel it their feet. A dying groan of metal roared into a sharp, banging thud. It followed a sound of spray, the St. Bernard dog-man startled on his feet, stepping back at the windows. One was letting water leak all around the steel frame. The flow increases, and another followed and repeated with the rest. The thick glasses cracked everywhere from the curved corners of the squared frame, stopping by the two steel bars that each one has that covers safely the windows. It along keep spraying mist of water. Hundreds witnessing what the windows are doing. Their inner panic that they have recovered from the initial disaster, came back to take over them. Water was coming to them. Furlong tried to take control the ensuing panic, but they all ran to the Christmas tree. Surrounding the bottom of the tree, they all climb like swarming bees to reach the top. Furlong pleaded to keep in an orderly fashion, but the tree shakes with many people having a hold with their weights. Mr. Collins climbed at the blocked main entrance of the ballroom. He took a hold on the leaver to open the watertight door – it exploded gallons of water rushing out, throwing the human in the process into the ceiling-floor. Drenching over him while unconscious. The doctor, and others defeated, stayed where they were. Accepting their watery fate. He closed his eyes as he kneeled on the ground. The countless panicking voices rise. Surrounded by water. One of the windows gave away. It was loud. Enough for a heart to skip a beat. The thick glass breaking as of thousands of powerful snipers all at once. Scream was their natural reaction. Billions of tiny bubbles ricocheting out through the window. The first burst followed by more breaking windows imploding. The engulfing white tsunami kicked up the debris and everything. Including alive people. They disappeared between the rushing water. The remaining people holding onto the tree, too much weight down below than top. It right itself up in a swift swing. One by one fell and let go their hold and jump off from the tree into the water. The tree splashed onto people. Lying broken with people trying to hold it dearly. Not one made it to the top. Surging water went wild around them, washing in circles and disorienting them. The giant ballroom floods with hundreds of screaming livestock. The lights went out as crying, bellowing, snarling, screeching, and roars fought through the darkness. It echoes all the way to the survivors in the atrium. The group stare at the opposite side where they came from. It was a distance sound that they make up to it as distressed cries. When the group first heard it, they froze. For hundreds of voices calling out for help, they felt helpless. Nothing what they can do. Their faces fell in mourn, sorrow, and grieve. Sasha was the quietest. His father smelled his fear. He kneels down to face him assuringly. \"We're gonna be okay, son.\" He softly said. Joyce Blake the rabbit was sobbing in silence. Stephanie hugs with Jett to what felt like the first time they have hugged in years as siblings. Zoey and Killian hold their hands silently together and share their distraught feelings. It felt like it was the first time the group learned how serious they were in and that there is no place to be safe. Their ship, Poseidon , is sinking. Pacific's salted water is invading and claiming lives. Portia was the same as everyone else but wanted to leave immediately. She knew if she says anything too far from the line, it was too soon and too late to make up the damage. Luckily, she kept her mouth shut. Killian the cat spoke first. \"I think it's time for us to go, Mr. Snowdon.\" Officer Snowdon finally spoke since hearing the agony voices. \"Let's go.\" The group move forward, Megan helps Pricilla to stand up. The beagle-girl looks distraught, not looking at anyone. Just facing down. Clover on the other hand stayed closer to her without even touching her, just as scared as her after Isaac disappeared. Marching ahead, the corridor leads directly forward at the ship's theater. Still on Deck 3, the group wonders on how to keep climbing up to the next level. Along with the fading screams from earlier, a heavy rumbling sound as if the engines were still working at full speed. It sounded close as a giant cascade, water perhaps has found a way in. A different way in. Upon moving ahead, tax-free shop's goods –when the ship is in international waters– are scattered around the new floor. Flickering lights buzzes under them and carefully not to step on the fixtures. Souvenirs: t-shirts with the trident logo, key-chains, pens, umbrellas, postcards, and a resin-made replica ship model of the same ship, it's all messed. The other shop was a boutique and a rental shop, glass shattered like a robbery bank and headless mannequins with dresses piled up close to one another but one still hanging on the ceiling with the gown down, revealing the white female legs with no underwear underneath. The group was quiet for a while, meeting four set of elevators on either port and starboard. Left intact with no signs of damage from the initial capsizing and no bodies nearby. Exactly much ahead a closed watertight door with black and yellow stripes and one flashing yellow light below, sending anyone to pay precaution. Foxley said. \"Through that door it leads to the theater. I don't think there's anything we can do if we go there. It's a giant room after all.\" Aubrey said, \"There are some pathways and trapdoors for the performers that leads further into the crew member areas.\" Then Lani filled in, \"But those accesses are too high to reach since we're upside-down.\" Picturing a giant upside-down theater was just like the ballroom and everything else on the ship. The black stage above, the two levels of the audience seats hanging above intact, the great royal red curtains sprawled all over wrinkled, and all the equipment and props trashed upon the former ceiling. Likely to be dark in there. No show was in place during the New Year's Eve party event. \"Sounds like a dead-end to me.\" Ryder the wolf said. \"This is the furthest part of the bow as passengers.\" Sylvester, while staring at some set of staircases that were facing each other both starboard and port like the elevator doors were, he said. \"The theater may be a dead end, but, let's go climbing those stairs.\" Stephanie glanced at one of the stairs before turning at her father. \"How?\" The now port-side stairs that's facing the opposite stair on the new starboard side is showing the red-carpeted steps. The shiny rails hanging in parallel with the angular steep slope, and on both sides of the middle hanging stair are two shorter, shallow slope which reach half-way to the taller sloped stairs to Deck 2. Somehow, no matter how it looked beside being upside-down, it felt like it was still right side up but with no steps. And still, how can they climb up without sliding down? Sylvester replying his daughter, \"We'll figure it out.\" The tiger-man went in first, easily climbing up the shallow short slope. Standing on the half-landing, he faced the steeper slope. It was cleaned and white and three aligned lighting fixtures. And five tracks of blood trailing down from above. A hand from an unknown beastmen is exposed at the top, Sylvester couldn't make up the rest as it rests hidden from view than just a hand. He knows one thing to do: get rid of it before Stephanie sees it. Snowdon and Kershaw followed him behind. The polar bear asked Sylvester, \"You think you can climb?\" \"Might as well.\" Sylvester said. He grabbed a hold of one hanging railing with both hands and pulls himself upward against the risen slope. Physical strength is easy for someone like him and some others are lesser to climb it. Sylvester reaches the top, and stares at the dead body, a giraffe-man. He picks it up by the underarms and drags it out of sight of Kershaw and Snowdon. \"What are doing, Rycroft?\" Snowdon asked. The tiger put his index finger on his lips at them. Kershaw got the message. \"He doesn't want his daughter seeing dead bodies.\" He whispered him. The lion-man wasn't in the scene but remembered hearing Stephanie screaming from earlier. Rycroft came back. \"I found another fire hose! Well, come on.\" He ordered both below. \"Climb up!\" Snowdon went first, doing the same as Rycroft did. Before Kershaw would go next, Killian Maxwell went to see their doing up closer. \"Well, isn't that bad.\" He said. \"I'm sure I can climb it.\" \"Easy for you as a cat.\" Kershaw said. \"But others don't have the enough strength climb up this ramp.\" \"I see.\" The tuxedo cat nodded. He crouched down and thrust himself up, hands extended forward, as he leaps, grabs the top right at the edge as his both legs meet with his hands. He stands up like nothing happened, keeping his proper posture. \"Zoey, come on!\" \"Coming.\" She steps up at the half-way with Kershaw and sees her husband now above. Then Carolyn followed along to see. Zoey leaps up and reaches the top. Pretty flexible for light felines. Carolyn seeing this, she asks the lion-man. \"How do I climb, Mr. Kershaw?\" Sylvester drops the fire hose in a ring form and tied up. \"Sweetie, bring the kids!\" The tiger shouted above. \"Tie it around your waist through the hoop. I'll lift you up to the top.\" Kershaw picks the hose and place it above her head and onto her waist. \"Hold the knot firmly and let your husband carry you.\" He instructed. Carolyn nodded. \"Ready? Up we go!\" Rycroft and Snowdon pulled as Carolyn is dragged upwards. She holds one hand on the railing above and the other on the hose and steadying her legs against the slope. With minimal difficulty, Carolyn reached the top of the slope. \"Jett. Stephanie. It's your turn.\" Carolyn ordered. Snowdon then said to Rycroft. \"I'm going to take look around. It won't take too long.\" He turns to Maxwell and asked to help with Sylvester and pick up the rest down below. Now on deck 2, five decks had been climbed. The First Officer finds one of the directional maps of the ship placed on a wall. Deck 2 is shown with the red dot indicating \"You are here\"; in the sets of staircases and elevators, just ahead towards the bow the first level of the theater is shown. Before there, is a corridor that leads to the purser's office and conference rooms. Snowdon knows that there is way to get to deck zero, but he's feeling a dead end soon enough. He rarely had used the crew members' \"secret\" passages, so passengers cannot see the crew going-ons. He must think bolder. He went back to the group, so far; Stephanie, Jett, Miss Blake, Foxley, Sasha, Joshua, Gwen, Red, and then Aubrey climbed by herself without aid. \"See? I can do it.\" The horse-woman said. \"Foxley, I need you. Come with me?\" Snowdon ordered. \"Yes, sir.\" The fox-man moves at his own pace with an injured ankle. \"What is it?\" \"I hope your knowledge of this ship is taking us somewhere no one has ever been.\" The bear said. \"Listen, I think there's no way around here beyond the theater, so is there another sets of stairs?\" Foxley thinks. Thinking on how to get to deck one and zero, he knows there is a set of stairs near to deck 1; the sick bay and the tender service area. The fox-man moves at forward, Snowdon follows, the lights ahead are dimmed darker. A door with a sign \"Crew Only\" shown below next to a door. \"This is another vertical access for crewmen. I think our problems are solved.\" He opens the door, but same as earlier in the kitchen, there's a pile of mess of anything that can be imagined as debris. Even the stairs are twisted-mangled. It's incredible that the force of the ship made everything looked destroyed and confusing. \"Bugger me.\" Foxley muttered. His black ears lowered. Turning at Snowdon, \"There isn't a way to get through.\" Snowdon sighed, \"There has to be. Come on, think!\" Foxley is just a steward. He may have earned his topography of the ship, but the deepest bowels of the ship are not his business; he's not an engineer. The fox-man was left in his mind. His lips began to move. He spoke. \"There's some kind of air shaft tunnel that meets every deck on the ship.\" \"Pardon?\" \"There was one time when I met a fellow crewman at the mess hall whom talked about fixing the air conditioning unit and had to find the faulty fan in a giant shaft. I don't think you have seen it for yourself.\" \"And how do you get there?\" \"I cannot believe I'm saying this, but we must go find a ventilator shaft.\" Back at the stairs, Sidney helps Lani without the hose as it was Clover's turn, it was buying them time. Ryder did the same and picks Kale's trembling hand. \"Come on, sonny. I'll pull you up.\" Doing as he's told, meets up with his wolf-man. \"Why are you shaky?\" \"It's nothing. I guess from earlier. I'm glad we crossed it sooner.\" Kale said. \"We…uh…come this far. So far…\" \"It's okay.\" Ryder held him close. \"It'll soon be over.\" Snowdon and Foxley found a ventilator a little further in the dimmed lighted corridor. The squared, grilled cover is screwed on the wall where once was seen over close the ceiling, now lowered close to the new floor. \"This is it.\" Foxley said. \"We need the axe that Kershaw is holding.\" \"And Sylvester has a flashlight.\" Said Snowdon. The two suddenly turned their heads at the group near the stair, someone is screaming. Snowdon ran back at the group. The rest aren't panicked but startled. The bear-man looks down the slope; Kershaw, Portia, Rico, Megan and a screaming Pricilla are still down the on half-way landing. On their feet, rushing murky liquid covers their shoes. Portia shouted, \"The water's coming!\" From their view, Rico saw the lights of deck 3 dimming, then flickering and out when the sound of rushing water emerged out of the darkness. \"Hurry!\" Megan shouted. Sylvester and Snowdon dropped the hose. Megan grabbed it. Fastening, she cried, \"Pricilla, hurry!\" Lending her hand. The beagle-girl is howling in terror. Petrified at the cold-water surging under her. Portia grabbed her by the shoulders, shaking her out of her stress. \"Shut up!\" She yelled. \"Come on! Get up this goddamned ramp!\" She got control the canid-girl when Megan fastened her with her. \"Pull!\" Kershaw ordered. This time two at the time with five or seven pulling the fire hose at the same time, the girls reached the top in a swift. Quickly getting them off and proceed the three remaining down the slope. \"Hurry!\" Portia screamed. Water risen at their knees. They dropped the hose again, Kershaw picks it up and fastens Portia first. Then to Rico. \"Come on! Pull!\" She shouted. \"Nobody can be as composed as you are, miss.\" Rico said. \"Shut up, Ricky! Come on!\" \"The name's Rico!\" The group above pulled them and the two didn't used the hanging railing and walked their feet against the slope, but they got dragged instead when nearer at the top. Kershaw climbs ups by the hanging railings and almost slips his wetted footing before Red holds his wrist and pulled him up. \"Oh, my god!\" Portia cried. \"Pricilla, are you okay?\" Megan asked. She nodded. \"Kershaw, bring your axe with you!\" Snowdon ordered. \"We must get going, group!\" \"Son of a bitch!\" Portia started. \"All of this is a bunch of crap! We're sinking and nothing's going to keep us from drowning!\" Rico shouted at her, \"Would you shut up! You're safe now, alright?\" Snowdon ordered. \"Everybody keep moving!\" The group marched on ahead. \"It's all right, Miss Matthews.\" Miss Blake said, trying to calm her. \"There are air pockets all over this ship.\" \"AIR POCKETS?!\" \"Yes, of course,\" said Sidney Jennings, \"just because that deck is flooded, it doesn't mean that this one will.\" Aubrey, following behind Snowdon, she asked in a worried. \"Mr. Snowdon, how long do you think we'll stay afloat?\" \"Long enough.\" He said without turning at her. Sasha's voice stepped in as walking next to his father behind them. \"I've learned in history that the Andrea Doria took ten hours before it sank.\" \"Hah, what do you know.\" Said Ryder. \"It's a big ship; then we still have time.\" A few yards ahead where Foxley was left waiting, the group stopped their pace when Snowdon half kneeled next to the square, grilled frame. Everyone was puzzled. \"What's this?\" Maxwell asked. \"We can't go in there!\" Said Stephanie. \"We don't know where it goes.\" \"This is our way to get to the next level, whatever it takes.\" Snowdon said. \"Kershaw, can you do the honors?\" \"Certainly.\" The old lion-man picks his axe and bust open the screwed frame. He hit it multiple times and pulled the whole thing out, ripping it. A black square hole is on view. Sylvester kneeled and used his flashlight before Kershaw used his phone as flashlight. Inspecting the dark, cold vent; there is some connecting vents on both sides. Just directly, Rycroft can make up something ahead, like, light being interrupted by a passing shadow. \"There's something just ahead.\" The tiger said and stands up. \"It better not be a dead end.\" \"That has to be the vertical funnel shaft.\" Said Foxley. \"A ladder will take us to every deck above.\" \"How do you know about that?\" Jennings asked. \"What your fellow Americans say; I know a guy.\" Foxley stated. \"I'm going in first.\" Kershaw announced. \"You?\" Joshua doubted. \"W-why not Mr. Maxwell? He's slimmer than most of us.\" \"Why I should be first, sir?\" Said Maxwell. The lion-man already sent his head in and pairs of legs disappearing. Banging and rumble was heard. The group could not believe it. Sylvester leaned in with the flash light and the aluminum vent was dented outwards, slightly widen as Kershaw was grunting his way. \"Hey, Red! Come on over here!\" The lion-man shouted, the voice echoed back in a muffle. \"Might as well give him a chance to kick me in the head.\" Red chuckled at Gwen. The young lion-man bends down and went inside the vent. Gwen went after. Snowdon turned to Sylvester, \"Rycroft, think you can guide the rest at last row? I want to be sure everyone is present.\" \"Sure, no problem.\" Rycroft said. \"Who wants to go next?\" \" I'm next!\" Portia said. \"So, if big-assed horse gets stuck in there, I won't get stuck behind her.\" She squeezed in and disappeared through the vent, thumping against the cold ventilator. Ricardo quietly looks at Aubrey with disbelief at what she had said. The brown horse-woman replied to him, \"Well, there are times that I have this allusion that maybe my thighs are a little too big. Not to mention: at the Christmas tree.\" \"Don't let her get in the way.\" Rico said. \"She's just desperate.\" Stephanie stated. Sasha was next, then his father behind him. The vent was dark, humid with moist all over it. The air conditioning system is absent after the initial impact. \"Are you okay, son?\" Joshua said. \"I think so…\" Sasha said. Crawling on all fours like fast-food playground tunnels, but not so colorful and playful. It's rather scary and cramped. Jett, Stephanie, and Carolyn went inside after Joshua. Ryder and Kale slides in before Snowdon followed and let Rycroft take care the rest of the group. Rico then slides in and then Aubrey kneeled as her turn. \"Miss Blake, take your turn.\" Rycroft said. \"I'll wait till last.\" The rabbit-woman said. Aubrey stopped and lend her hand. \"Come on, darling. We mustn't wait.\" Miss Blake went in first before Aubrey crawls inside. Zoey and Killian were directed next. Then Rycroft eyed at the younger girls. \"Come on, little miss, your turn.\" He said to Clover. The young beagle-girl nodded and went in. Then Rycroft turned to the older beagle-girl. \"Your turn; get in.\" She was shaking, she shook her head. \"No, I can't.\" \"Pricilla,\" Megan said, \"we must to get in. The water is coming.\" \"I said I can't!\" She cried. \"I'm claustrophobic!\" Rycroft could not waste time. He signaled at Foxley to go in; he obeyed. Rycroft whispered at Sidney for a little hand. He nodded. Sidney told Lani to go ahead and she crawled inside the vent. The four remaining were in a high tension of slowly rising water. One more time, Sylvester asked Pricilla. \"Pricilla, we'll be behind you. Get in the vent.\" \"I'm sorry, I can't.\" She whined. \"Pricilla, please. Clover already went in. She's gonna be worried.\" \"You're lying! She doesn't! She left me here!\" \"I'm not gonna leave you here. You would have gotten in if it were Isaac helping you instead. He would've done the same way.\" \"I've told you I can't!\" \"Then might as well stay here until you make up your mind.\" \"Or just now!\" Rycroft said. He grabbed her around her waist, she yelped. Before she could kick, Sidney already hold her legs and both hold her like a log. Megan saw their actions, she went inside first as Rycroft took her in behind her. She was screaming as darkness ensues in the ventilation. Rycroft and Jennings kept her from escaping, the beagle-girl is banging a lot. Speaking in frustration again and again. \"Leave me out! Leave me out! Leave me out!\"[Chapter 12] Chapter 12: Ventilation Inside: cold, slippery, dented either by Kershaw's broad shoulders or earlier damage from the capsizing. The group crawls through cramped darkness of vents. They barely make up to what they see ahead than just the pair of feet of the individual in front of them. With Sylvester the only one with a functioning flashlight is at the very end of the tail while Kershaw still uses his mobile cellphone as flashlight. Just ahead, Kershaw stopped. \"Halt!\" He shouted everyone behind. He reached the end, it was open without any cover like earlier. The lion-man leaned down his head upon seeing… Across him was a white-painted, upside-down number two. Three was present and four was half submerged. It was vertical, cylindrical and dimmed dark. There was back up lights for each number to see. As Kershaw was peering down, water is gurgling in bubbles and some vents were outing water as cascade. He looks up and to his left was a ladder running the whole height of every deck. At the very top, and behind a net-like grill in circular form was a three-bladed fan still spinning, but slowly. After deck two, above, it follows to deck one and stops to deck zero. \"We've found it.\" Said Kershaw. \"Is there a way out?\" Red from behind said. \"Yeah, we can climb up with the ladder.\" He squeezed with his legs out from the vent. Thankfully, a small ledge below which the whole shaft is \"ribbed\" around in circles, Kershaw and the rest can step on it and grab a hold of the ladder on their left. Using all fours, he looked directly at Red and Gwen peering out their heads. \"Whatever you do: do not look down. Now, follow me. One step at the time.\" Red grabbed a hold of the ladder as Kershaw climbs up in the clear, giving space for Red to ascend. Glancing at Gwen still on fours in the vent, he said. \"Can you manage?\" She nodded. She actually looked down, looks more unsettling than the atrium. Water is making cascades down below. \"Hey, what's going on?\" Portia shouted behind Gwen. \"Keep on moving!\" Red started his climb, Gwen slowly followed. Portia finally appeared and saw the odd place. She looks up and down. \"I wasn't cut out for this.\" She muttered. \"I should have worn pants.\" \"It seems congratulations are in order, Red.\" Said Kershaw. Taking baby steps at each handle. \"Thank you, sir.\" Replied Red. \"I'm glad she finally told you.\" \"Well, tradition might have had you coming to me first.\" \"Yeah, I know that. And I wanted to, I really did, but she made me promise not to say anything. She's really careful when it comes to you, sir.\" Down under, Sasha peeks out of the vent, seeing Portia climbing up before looking down. \"Um, Dad, don't look down okay?\" \"Don't worry, son.\" His father said. \"Get on the ladder and one step at the time. I'll be behind you.\" Kershaw stops at the very top, meeting with the number zero next to him. He places one foot on the short ledge, he leaned in at the vent to his left. Head first and crawls back inside. He lights his phone's flashlight through the dark, hard to make up what's ahead. On the other hand, the vent is much wider than the one below. \"How, is it?\" Red peers his head before he could crawl inside. \"I'm sure there's another way out of this vent.\" The lion-man said. \"Get in.\" Below, Jett Rycroft exit the vent and waited for Parkinson and Sasha to take their time. Just in time, he sights further above as the pair of legs of Red sink in through the ventilator above before the lioness could follow. In the clear after the two shepherds made some climbing, he scooted on the ladder in a swing. His sister and mother's heads peaked out. \"Careful, Mom.\" Jett said. His voice echoes the vent. \"Better keep looking up.\" \"I promise I won't nauseate.\" Said Carolyn. \"Keep climbing, honey.\" Stephanie said, \"Dad's coming, right?\" Ryder the wolf's voice answered behind, \"He's at the last row; dealing with a claustrophobic beagle.\" \"Clover?\" She asked. \"No, I think the older one. She's barking a lot.\" Ryder said. He can hear distant shouts of a panicking person in the most stressful situation. \"Don't stand there, please, keep on moving.\" Jett had already started climbing, Stephanie holds the ladder and catch up, but Carolyn told her to slowdown. The adult tigress stands on the ladder, taking her normal pace to climb up. Seeing her children taking their precaution on anything coming ahead. But they all stopped for a moment. Portia just entered the squared mouth of the vent, but Parkinson's voice stopped her from going. \"Miss, please, stop right there.\" The female human in green silk turns around with her unamused face. Somehow half glaring and half wondered at the older dog-man. \"What do you want?\" \"Could you please help my boy to reach you. He's too short.\" \"Fine.\" She rolled her eyes. \"Come on, puppy.\" She extended her hand and Sasha could place a foot on the ledge as she nearly bragged him inside. \"There, now I'm on my way.\" She proceeds her crawling, leaving Sasha close the opening as his father crawls in. \"Keep crawling, Sasha.\" Joshua ordered. \"She's really mean.\" Sasha stated. \"Why, did she said something to you?\" \"No, but she doesn't want to be near with others.\" \"She'll be fine. Now, let's not hold up the others behind.\" Below, Ryder and Kale exited out the vent after Carolyn, holding the ladder, Ryder said to Kale below. \"This is great, Kale. The shaft leads up.\" \"So, what we do at deck zero?\" Kale wondered. From below, Oscar Snowdon replied. \"That very deck, the Broadway corridor covers almost the length of the ship, including the bow engine thrusters.\" Rico, who was behind him. \"So, we are close.\" Realized in relief. \"We're almost there? Thank havens.\" Said Miss Blake, behind Rico. Above; Jett, Stephanie, and Carolyn proceed through the top vent in the orderly fashion. With Ryder the wolf waiting for the older tigress to crawl in the vent. Snowdon ascended with Rico behind him. Blake just hesitated but Aubrey made sure she wouldn't turn back; the cruise director quietly climbs. Zoey and her husband waited, both cats looked up as Rico slips inside the last vent. Then half helping a hand to Blake to step inside. Some could do it, but some are just afraid to make a miscalculation to get inside. Now that Aubrey has ascended further, Zoey could climb up. Killian followed as young Clover stopped right close at the exit. \"What?\" The fox-man was behind her. \"Everything alright, young lady?\" \"I'm fine.\" She wasn't expecting this. \"Don't let the others wait. Your sister is frightened afar.\" \"She's not my sister.\" She nearly shouted him. A part of her was feeling broken as she hears her cousin sobbing in a tight space. \"I'm sorry.\" Nothing more and bravely stepped on the ladder. Seeing the tuxedo cat-man already at the top with Zoey. Foxley carefully stepped on the ledge as he exits out the vent, with one sprained ankle, he looks up the tall shaft. Taking a hold with both hands on the horizontal steps and one leg firmly on one step and with the other hurt not touching anything, he'll be hopping on the way or pushing himself up with his arms and his unhurt leg taking the steps. Even Lani asked him. \"Are you sure you can climb, Kameron?\" \"Of course, I can climb.\" He proudly said. Lani soon follow and ascends nears close to him, making sure she doesn't get kicked by his shoes. Just then, Megan peeked out. But the rambling of fast-moving crawling coming up behind her as the panicking Pricilla moved right next to her. Screaming, \"Get me outta here!\" Ahead of the group, Kershaw stopped, meeting with a cover vent. Trying to see anything through the thin openings with one eye. Very little, but some lighting to make up. With both hands, he tries to push it. Grunting with puff of air. \"Use the axe.\" Red said. \"Very funny.\" He moves his whole body, turning around. Glad the vent is slightly bigger, he pressed his feet at the grilled cover. Turning his head at Red, \"Come on, press on my back. I'm kicking it.\" Red turns around with his back and presses against Kershaw's back, the lion-man kicks hard the cover with both of his feet, banging multiple times until popping out the frame. It flew across and crashing to another wall. Letting out more trashing noises before ceasing its rattling like an unbreakable china. \"We can get out now.\" Kershaw thrusts with both hands grasping a hold of the squared frame, pulling out his whole body out where there isn't any cramped space. Standing up slightly sprained as he arcs his back. Watching Red exiting out and lending a hand to Gwen as she crawls out standing up. Back inside, Sidney and Sylvester had managed to keep the beagle-girl moving forward. Pricilla sobs as she wheezes in fear. Megan is already on the ladder, trying to instruct her. \"Pricilla, get on the ladder.\" The cheetah said. \"I don't want to.\" She sobbed. Sidney said to her, \"We're trying to help you, Pricilla. All you need to do is to climb on that ladder. Don't look down, okay?\" Killian watches below as Clover making her way up, she looks down at Foxley already catching up. Lani watches below him as the fox-man is making risky moves with the ladder, hopping his only unhurt leg and pulling himself up with both hands to support his body. Clover turns up and meets with up Killian at the top. \"Think you can help him, sir?\" She said. \"I was hoping for that, miss.\" Confirmed Killian. Clover made her way in, she didn't continue and decided to wait, Zoey was still next to her husband, giving an extra hand with the troubled fox-man. Foxley was breathing hard when he made it to the top. Killian lend him out a hand, with one foot out on the ledge to stay firm and Zoey holds him by the arm. \"Come on, Foxley. Get in here.\" Foxley frees his left hand, maybe trying to sacrifice his hurt ankle to step on the ledge–the lights flickers and the vertical tunnel trembles when the ship rumbles in pain. Destruction from somewhere echoes in throughout the shaft. Killian felt Zoey grabbing him back, he shouted; \"Don't move!\" The lights blacks out, moaning metallic trembles rattles inside. A male yeller blares clearly everyone's ears, a second of recovering lights, another screamer, a girl, sights something falling at the darken pit. It resulted a metal thud and then a splash. The lights recovers, the quake ceases, slightly dimmer to fading the numbers on the curved walls. Lani opened her eyes, reacted by bracing hard on the ladder, he looks above and… \"W-what? Where's…?\" Trying to understand her disorientation, she looks down and see the cheetah-girl still holding and the beagle-girl present. \"Kameron!\" It was Sidney Jennings who screamed. Trying to see the emerging water, Sylvester lights down the well, water had already covered the number four with three now half-submerged. The flashlight spots the back of the fox-man's blazer with spreading red liquid. Sylvester leaps down, splashes down as the sinking body disappears the gurgling water. Sidney, frightened, waits for the tiger-man, he dived down to the rescue. Keeping his dark colored hands holding at the edge of the vent, cold liquid passes through his four limbs. The flow thickens and speeds up until a foam of water pushes his body out the vent. He grabbed the ladder in a quick instinct but both legs failing to find a hold, water cascading his whole face. Letting go, he let his whole body sink into the rising water. Rising his head out and grabbing back on the ladder. He can now see better and saw Sylvester out the water, holding a closed-eye fox-man. \"Kameron? How's he?\" Sylvester had examined him, a mortal wound behind his head. Blood stains Sylvester's hands. Stressed, Sylvester painfully replied to Jennings, \"I'm so sorry, Jennings.\" Lani's voice shouted from above, \"Sid, is Kameron okay?\" Killian sights below with his head down in despair. \"I could have stop it.\" He whispered. Zoey holds him close, \"You did what you could.\" Killian didn't want to make a fight with her as she only dragged him to avoid a similar fate. Telling him not to move should have been his reaction, but why he fell? Then Killian saw a missing handle that wasn't there before. Gone, pulled away from the two in between bars. Just then, Snowdon crawled back. Seeing three people still close the opening vent. \"What's taking so long?\" After the rest ahead had exited, they waited a little after Aubrey was the last to crawl out. They were left hanging when they heard some screams. The polar bear-man when back in. Making way and ordering the three to get moving, but Clover refuses, Killian and Zoey move ahead instead. \"Come on, kid. Get going.\" Snowdon ordered. \"No, I'm not leaving Pricilla and Megan.\" She remarked He ignores her and peers down and shouted. \"Rycroft, what's going on?\" \"We lost Foxley!\" Sylvester shouted back. \"My god…\" Snowdon stressed, rubbing his fingers on his muzzle and bridge between eyes. \"Sid!\" Lani kept on shouting, she didn't receive a respond from him. Sylvester responded her, \"He's okay.\" Jennings' sobs weren't audible through the shaft. Holding the fox-man's body with his arms. \"Hey, there's nothing we can do.\" \"I can't go on like this.\" He sobs and sniffles. Breathing broken. \"We cannot bring him up from here.\" \"But I can't leave him like this.\" \"I'm sorry, but…\" The tiger-man checks both the fox's wrist, taking off the wristwatch. \"Here…take this. You know what to do.\" \"Pricilla?\" Megan called. \"We must keep moving.\" The beagle didn't reply, she just stood there facing at the ladder with eyes closed. Sylvester gave Jennings some space. He resumes his ascend until meeting up with the beagle above him. \"Miss?\" Looking up a further at the cheetah, she was concerned. She made three steps further to see if she was moving, Pricilla didn't respond to that. Rycroft climbed up to meet her up right behind her. She was shaking smell of fear. \"Pricilla?\" Rycroft started. \"I'm sorry… I can't move… I can't.\" She strained her voice, it was weak after yelling through the cavernous metal tunnels. Rycroft tried to soothe her like he would with Stephanie. \"It's all right, Pricilla. Just don't think anything else. Just look up or at the ladder–don't think of anything except the ladder.\" \"I don't wanna go back to that vent! Please, don't make me!\" Pricilla agitated. Snowdon banged against the metal with his palm, \"Come on, keep on moving. It's now or never!\" Lani and Megan obeyed, but the cheetah hesitated but resumed, giving space for the three down below. Rycroft ignores Snowdon's orders. \"I'm sorry, but we must keep moving. Okay? Step-by-step.\" Slowly, Pricilla took the first handle. \"That's it, slowly.\" Panting timidly, she took her own pace on the ladder. Jennings quietly climbs in the ladder; his wet clothes drains out. Slowly climbs behind Rycroft and Pricilla without saying a word. Eyes mixed with salted-water and tears on Jennings' face, he repeatedly hesitated to step every handle as he slowly separates from his colleague… …and a good friend…[Chapter 13] Chapter 13: Deck Zero At the other side, the party waited. Zoey and Killian exited out. Soon Clover, Lani, and Megan appeared. Finally; Pricilla, Sylvester, Snowdon, and lastly, Jennings exited. Pricilla didn't panic all the way after entering back at another vent but sobbed through mental stress. Carolyn made quietly to Sylvester and hugged him. She was anxious of waiting. Jennings stood quietly for brief moment and sat down with his knees close under his chin against the wall next to the black tunnel. When all saw his expression of someone being traumatized by shock, they soon felt like someone is absent. Miss Blake the rabbit said. \"Where's Foxley?\" Sylvester breaks the embrace from Carolyn, and the others that have been delayed through the shaft quieted. Jennings was getting close to break apart as he whimpers in pain. Sylvester quietly replied her and the rest, \"He fell…in the shaft.\" Lani scoot closer with Jennings. His hands hiding the mess from everyone. He then made an obstructed muffling speech, he sobbed, \"We couldn't do nothing.\" Lani said nothing but kept on comforting him, rubbing his shoulder. In their minds of \"this can't be happening\" was solid throughout. It has shown its merciless nature. As inexperience than just learning how to make a fire in the forest, danger is lurking at every corner. Death telling when it is time to go unannounced. \"Why you couldn't save him?\" Portia glared at the tiger. Sylvester was taken aback, but his wife defended, \"He did all he could. Don't bring it up in front of Jennings!\" Snowdon started before any bickering could hold in place. \"Alright, everyone. We wouldn't be in here if it wasn't for Foxley that knew about the air-shaft. I'm sure he'll want us to keep moving, or else, his death will be meaningless.\" Where they are, an alleyway corridor with two doors on each side. If they make up the topography, the now starboard side alleyway is a blank dead end. Moving the other direction, they meet a long, dimmed corridor. Wider for the moving traffic of crew members was the named Broadway on Deck 0. The long corridor that drives almost the full length of the ship. Every crew member's post crosses by non-stop; engineers, officers, waiters, entertainers, cooks and cleaning staff wander this street-like corridor. The lighting fixtures were still alight but dimmed; not enough to beam the new ceiling. It's getting noticeable that the emergency power was dwindling. For any of the beastmen who possess nocturnal vision won't be worried except the remaining humans. Just as the group come a cross the long corridor, there was a smell of smoke they have noticed when they exited the ventilator, but then it came another ghastly smell of burnt hitting their nostrils. Sylvester, the only one with a real flashlight, swipes the beam of light at a grotesque underworld. Kershaw the lion with his phone, lights at the black figures resting quietly on the ground around them. They were everywhere… \"They're all dead…\" Stephanie whispered in fear and stepped further behind Jett. Upon inspection, bodies had been exposed from first to third degree burns on their faces or any part of their bodies that had been exposed from their clothing, every little it protected them. The among dead beastmen with fur or feather had been roasted to bare skin to meet second- and third-degree burns. Their bodies are in early decomposition stage. Kershaw concluded, \"Flash fire. It superheats the air and... burns the lungs like rice paper.\" The long corridor's walls are roasted into soot. The surviving crew, especially Miss Blake the rabbit, cannot make up the formerly white-painted Broadway. Everything looks different. Aubrey the horse-woman covers one hand on her front muzzle from the ill-odor of the dead. The group of twenty-three waited for a brief second on what to do now on this deck. Lost track of time, they know they have climbed many decks and recollecting from the start from the ballroom to deck zero might felt quite a long process. Water have invaded the decks they have come through below them to which incredible that the ship is floating still on the surface. It had been a long journey to make it this far alive here. Snowdon quickly found a deck plan plate on the wall, he had to kneel to face it. The deck plan of Deck Zero was more detailed than the passengers' deck plans. With the long corridor simply visible at first close glance, it proves its utility the longitude of the ship. The \"you are here\" red dot was in the near middle forward section which the bow was pointing at Snowdon's right. \"Everyone, listen to me.\" He said. Everyone paid attention. \"Down this corridor is the bow, eh? There's an access hatch right there that puts us into the bow-thrusters room. We get into the propeller tubes and the only thing between us and the outside is nothing.\" \"Sounds a good plan to me.\" Said Aubrey. \"Sorry to interrupt,\" Ryder said, \"but I have feeling we cannot go on without Jennings behind.\" \"You all go ahead then.\" Lani said. \"I'll stay with him.\" \"Who wants to stay for a break?\" Portia said and raised her hand. \"Are we really taking a break? We really climbed a lot of decks.\" Rico said. \"All that water that has been following us, I don't think we should.\" Sylvester said. Snowdon declared, \"If you all want to stay here for a while that's fine, but I'm going to the bow to find that hatch. We're almost there, people.\" \"I want to take a brake.\" Portia hissed. \"Since we're almost there since you're already confident about it, so might as well stay here until you come back and clear the path.\" Snowdon ignores her but took it in consideration for the whole group. \"Might as well.\" He turns to the tiger-man, \"Rycroft, take charge of the group. Kershaw and I will go on ahead and look at the bow. We'll clear up anything in our way, come back, and escort all of you out to safety. It's that clear?\" The group nodded or vocally agreed. Snowdon and Kershaw started their short journey to the bow corridor. The lights fixtures flickered a bit and came back on. Both beastmen disappears through the dark, the lights faintly shined their figures. The group, standing somewhere in the Broadway corridor, and surrounded with lifeless bodies, they one-by-one sat down either side of the walls. With Sylvester taking charge for the time being, there's nothing more to do but wait. \"I know we're pretty quiet here, but there isn't anything to do but talk here.\" Sylvester said. \"Humph, given the circumstances about the situation we're in, it's not easy to break up the silence.\" Rico said. \"Right now, we broke it. I know most of us don't know who each other, but we can start with one question that all of us we can answer; Why we're on this cruise?\" \"Easy,\" Sasha started, \"we're on vacation.\" \"I'm sure there's more to it, son.\" Joshua the shepherd said. \"But yes, I came on this cruise for the holidays and away from work and spend time with Sasha. My wife, Claire, was going to join but business got in the way and she's in Hilo waiting for us.\" \"Mom and Dad are really busy and I'm the only boy in the family.\" Sasha remarked. \"You're lucky that I'm keeping you closer at all times, so I can see you growing up.\" Then Zoey spoke. \"Well, I'm here with my husband for the honeymoon cruise. I even met other newly-wed couples on this trip.\" She paused of how others short lived marriages ended so soon. She trailed off, \"They all gone…\" Killian was quiet, too. The only surviving honeymooners on the ship of all the thirty couples onboard. Killian Maxwell knows the meaning of death. He had been emotional with his firsthand accounts. From grandfather to his... …his first wife… Zoey knows the existence of his first marriage. Killian was keeping it simple, but so far, she had seen strong emotions coming from the tuxedo cat. Like that time when she was seasick. All fully worried sick of anything to the most least concerned illness. She has wondered if he needs some help to reconcile the past. Killian, on the other hand, is a different motive. He was willing to move on, it took him two years, but afraid to face the similar consequences he had dealt in the past. Meeting the Vancouver-born Zoey Cosasko was a beautiful start of a friendship since college in Seattle. After graduation, he works as a car salesman, then promoted to supervisor of the car company, a great car expert by his colleagues, while Zoey started her gymnastic career and later mayor's secretary of Seattle. They have never bumped into each other since then nor knowing their personal life shared. Killian over a year as salesman, met the first Mrs. Maxwell, a tricolored calico cat named Valerie Dolores. A talented hairstylist, she recently broke off with her old boyfriend two weeks prior encountering Killian when she was looking for a new car. It was awkward when Killian met her while showing an ideal car for her. None the less, he won a heart from her. Happily married for five years, living together in a fine apartment. Time flew blissfully for both. Traveling around the world together with Royal Trident Lines from Alaska to Australia, and Mexican Rivera to South America. Meeting the friendly crew onboard that they got to know their names and favorite food, it was the sweet life. On a Labor Day weekend, Killian came back from work and normally expect Valerie to come comeback later. She routinely closes the hair saloon before taking the subway. Very little was known as she always takes the same substation. It was rush hour. Back home, Killian made dinner as he waits for her. Her absent became more visible and call her, texted her, and message her whereabouts. Nothing. He made towards the apartment lobby and exited out the building. His surroundings on the big city was blaring sirens of police cars, firefighting trucks and ambulances. Ignoring these accustoms of the city life, he called the closest people that surrounds Valerie's life. They all respond the same thing: they haven't seen her. She didn't call him on anything or calling her friends and relatives. She went all silent all the sudden, and Killian knew she was never the type that goes quietly unannounced. Considering her missing was too soon for police standards. He went to visit the hair salon but was closed. He kept calling her and did the same routine to what she does when leaving or coming to work. Walking to the closet station, but only to meet two police officers guarding the station entrance. Asking what's wrong, they informed him about an underground derailment. Hearing the news was back-stabbing. It never came to mind to his conclusion that a disaster had came upon. Time went by, Killian never went to bed until finding her. Limited from getting near the entrance but seeing every sacked body one-by-one being picked up. A few severed injured were rescued. A few with minor injuries but walked away safely. But more bodies appeared from the station's entrances. Desperate, looking through hospitals and asking the medical staff with a picture of her. Time was slow for Killian, the longest and the worst weekend he ever spent. He did everything he could to find her. His friends, and his brother Tony forced him to go back home and take some rest. Tony took over and since Killian only searched through hospitals. He feared and took into consideration to claim a likely body. Of the 200 dead on the subway derailment with a few 28 survivors. Valerie Maxwell's body was identified… …Killian holds Zoey's hand, slightly tight as his emotions came back as the capsized ship was all too familiar as the train wreck itself. More people died all around him… He cannot let this pass and cause more harm on others and especially his Zoey and him… \"That's horrible!\" Stephanie said. \"Were there a lot of newly-weds onboard?\" \"I'm afraid so.\" Said Miss Blake the rabbit. \"It was the peak season.\" \"Other than honeymooners,\" said Ryder, \"how many people carried this tub?\" \"Two-thousands? I don't know.\" Said Rico. \"So, back to the first question…\" \"Ah, right! I looked forward this such trip with my partner, if you catch my drift.\" Ryder said and pointing his human boyfriend whom had been quiet but listening. Kale, as a part-time artist and psychologist, seems a bit out of place when he's a bit of a timid man, but collected, and has the confidence of giving people's advice for life improvements of the individual, at the same time he had been observing everyone's behavior in this first-hand account scenario. All thanks to a certain wolf-man who brought him up with all great support when he needed one. Naturally, Rico had seen both of their personality somewhat clear; the quiet one and the energetic one. They both met after college, different universities, in the same apartment building five floors apart, but their schedules arriving back at the lobby was almost the same or meeting up on the same elevator without trapping them inside. It took awhile for Ryder to break Kale's shell, only to find out that despite his lack of interactions with him, he works as a psychologist, dealing with other people's problems which requires interaction. Although, a quiet man that listen personal issues and uses his art skills to express these psychological conditions and about himself, paints with colors against the blank canvas. Impressed, Ryder had been admiring him since then… Until that awkward kiss… It was a romance waiting to happen. Both sharing and hanging out together that Ryder had grown to Kale so much that he confessed in the rightest moment to reveal. He was afraid that Kale might reject him and because he had never seen him hanging out with someone, not even a girl, or in a gay bar. He didn't have any clue of his orientation, but the wolf's feelings were pounding through his chest that screams \"I'm in love\". Kale, surprised, he gave him a go, but the thought of an inter-specie romance was what got him in doubt. Despite that it is very common on couples of the same-sex than the opposite-sex. He did have the difficulty to say that he did love him back. Kale brought it up sometimes in the first weeks of their developing relationship, stating that he felt it was all too soon. Ryder thought he was putting a lot into thought of this doubting feeling he was going, almost like an identity crisis of his orientation. At one point, a cousin of Ryder assumed that Kale might be zoophobic without prejudging at others and the thought of romancing one was wrong… That \"wrong\" part statement from his cousin made Ryder wondered if Kale had a conservative but somewhat of a hypocritical demeanor but at the same time unfitting. One night, Ryder tried to talk Kale of their doubting relationship. After a tough, diplomatic argument, Kale then realized that in his middle school years, he once heard his grandfather negatively expressing his opposition on inter-specie couples and creating \"monsters\" is an act against nature. While it is true about hybrids that have health problems and there are a few exceptions as long that they are of a close related species that are less likely to face genetic deformations. But in this case, Kale was a young boy with unfamiliar controversial subjects that soon will hear it in the future and his grandfather just stated his opposition on inter-specie opposite-sex couple rather than the same-sex, this small detail affected him prior to meeting Ryder for the first time. Clearly to Ryder, he got one gigantic misunderstanding or got the idea wrong the whole time. Even Ryder had to state: \"You and me cannot get pregnant! We're both guys of different species\". Ryder easily convinced Kale of his long-time misconception from his grandfather, he had felt like a fool and that it meant for all types (homo and hetero, even if they cannot conceive) and that same-specie couples should be on the same boat. Besides, the Maxwells are of a different specie of cats; a tuxedo and a Russian blue. A new feeling inside Kale came, and that was freedom. Now that his grandfather passed away but never got to see his grandson's outing in college but likely he would have disowned him big time, but never the less, Kale still loves his granddad who he was. With so much exciting euphoria, Kale kissed the wolf-man back and said, \"I love you, too.\" And since then, he made love-theme paintings in billions of colors. Decided to also enroll in marriage counseling of his career. All thanks to Ryder. After Ryder's statement. Portia said. \"Huh, they would usually go on an all-gay cruise.\" She turns to Rico. \"So, how about you, Rico?\" Rico wasn't interested, especially from her. But spoke, \"I'm a blogger, and travel agent. I looked forward to review the islands and the ship.\" \"Curious, as a travel agent, how many people did you booked on this ship?\" Rico is an expert in this, but she's pushing on the drama. The Hispanic human kept his mouth shut from her. He knows how many people from New York he had booked them on. Ryder and Kale are the only ones left. He glared at her. \"Nothing?\" She scoffed, \"I guess you're lucky that none of them would put up a lawsuit on you.\" \"And you're lucky that I'm not gonna give you a big-ass cookie on your face.\" Rico is triggered with acid inside his near-empty stomach. And by cookie, he meant a slap on her face in Spanish references. \"Hey, stop it, Matthews.\" Aubrey the horse warned. \"How dare you manipulate at others in a time like this.\" \"Easy, I'm just asking.\" \"These two are my costumers,\" Rico announced, pointing at the wolf-man and human, \"are you now happy? They are also my closest friends. The only people that I could convince to come this far. Can we, please, keep the conversation at ease?\" Rico recompose of his anger from this manipulating being. Rico Marrero admits that she's worse than Clara. Clara wouldn't play someone's feelings like that. She was a kind young lady, but the spark in life had deteriorated between Rico and her the moment he moved to New York. Rico longed to leave his home country due lack of opportunities and monstrous hurricanes erasing paths for the mass. Despite that, he had started working in the tourism industry as an agent and part-time service clerk at the San Juan Harbor cruise ship terminals. Frustrations on politics and economy, Rico gathered his savings for his future until he got a job offering in New York. He took it without objections without any motive of the so-called American Dream. While there as a full-time travel agent and later part-time internet blogger, financially secured, he met Clara who also moved from her home country and works in a bank as a office clerk. Rico was an idiot for his part upon falling in love with her. He wasn't worried anymore, he didn't care the whole world if it was going to end, and nor give a single fuck about how tough New York's city life is. It took him a week to call her before saying the later. He wanted to show her what he can do and fix the problems they could face ahead, but most of it could end to fail for Rico. While she was the traveling type, they would let go of their weight on their shoulders when nothing is about to collide them. He did the same thing one last time this previous December… That yesterday's December was the comet that collide them apart. Maybe earlier after Thanksgiving. Rico's first holidays for family gatherings, after moving to New York, for Thanksgiving and later Christmas' Eve/Christmas Day and Día de Los Reyes made him a bit of an airhead. Knowing he cannot spend all three holidays flying back and forth constantly and the holidays in America are different than Puerto Rico's ways of holidays from late November to first half of January. Clara knows well his overly caring mother that likely pressures him and making him kind of guilty of not being present and close with his family. All he could do freely is rather spend one holiday once per year as he did his first one, only visiting for Christmas until New Year's Eve, not minding Día de Los Reyes in early January. The second year in living New York City and the next upcoming holidays. He was fully motivated coming back again to see his young cousin Tiago. As far as he can remember, Tiago was born when Rico was 11-years old. He saw him growing up the many times he got the chance to see him, knowing him more than anyone else than his paternal uncles did that Tiago sees him as his big-brother. For the first time he really cared for him even more after he left for New York. And the times for the holidays pressure, Tiago knows how to make him feel like family without worrying the constant disarrays the island country is having. Rico can finally call someone who is not the only one in the family like him. He was smart, open-minded, optimistic and aware of the going ons without feeling down. He's now sixteen years old and capable of knowing how the world works. That was the good and optimistic side of Rico, and Clara loves that soft part of him. But the next future holidays to the present, soon got further in the way for Rico and Clara. Discussing their plans to be spent for the holidays, there's always a pros and cons. Rico had admitted his poor connections with Clara's mother, but Clara always states that even her previous boyfriends weren't well liked by her mother. It's always her looking for flaws on every man she brought over the house. Not even married, she even patronizes him every moment as a mother-in-law; through the phone. Rico cannot even fit in well with her brothers and only a handful of her cousins had given him great sympathy. Clearly, Clara admits her family isn't perfect and so as Rico's. With weight on their shoulders and lack of diplomatic arguments, almost eating each other and throw each other's face. Their fellow neighbors sent them complains to the landlord and almost getting in trouble for domestic abuse. They both eventually slept on separate beds; Rico on the couch. He thought he got it all: a decent job, a nice girlfriend and a better life than his home country. But there are still untied knots that haven't been checked. How to fix this? If Tiago knows how to solves problems, he could do it, too. Started making breakfast for Clara every morning, reorganizing and changing his agenda, trying to make omens to Clara's family, especially her mother, even if she rarely accepts his omens. Seeing Clara's text messages on his phones being optimistically in good mood when asking about her day and at work. Deciding not to spend the holidays without anybody but themselves, Rico subconsciously booked the Royal Trident Cruise to the Hawaiian Islands which many customers that came through the course of the year as there were still selling staterooms in the lower category of ocean view cabins or interior cabins. He booked for two. He hoped that this could reconcile his affairs that he poorly handled in the beginning of Clara's relationship. A week left before the December 28th departure from Long Beach, Rico came back home and saw Clara's bags packed than normal. It was more than it was needed. She really packed to the brim. Rico knew that this isn't her way of packing. She was there in the couch and wanted to talk... All his efforts were in vain... A short silence, the young lion-man cleared his throat. \"I guess there isn't any secrets to keep, huh? If we get out of here…\" He holds his fiancée's hand. He eyed directly at her, \"…we're going to get married.\" \"Really?\" Stephanie cried with hands clasping together. This could be the only time she gets her mind off from the bodies around her. She really wants to hear bright sides from dark times. \"That's wonderful. Congratulations!\" Reasons like this is how Kent Wide fell for Stephanie when they started dating last semester. Though, quite the feisty one, but an interesting ideal girl. Kent befriended Jett when he joined the soccer club. Like impulsive teenagers of his age, was almost like love at first sight until he saw her characteristics that thrived him further to fall in love with her. Jett, as the older brother, kept a sharp eye on him most of the time. But gave up after an argument with his sister. It was one of those cases of \"dating my brother's friends\". During their relationship, Sylvester Rycroft came back home from retirement and wanted to spend the time with wife and children and planned this Hawaiian cruise, Carolyn offered an invitation for Kent Wide, but the Wide family has their own plans for the holidays at the Bahamas. With Rycroft soon learning that Stephanie is dating someone without knowing the moment he came back to Miami. Like every fathers' nightmares of letting go their daughters unlike their sons, he just doesn't know who's this Kent character is and is he a fine boy who can take care of her while taking her out on a date like in the movies or taking on place that she doesn't know about and could cause some trouble and doesn't want to get on bad influences on her. Carolyn clarifies him during the early days of the cruise as she's the one who openly allowed the boy to date Stephanie to begin with. With curiosity on Sylvester, he scoots closer on his daughter. \"Stephanie…\" \"What is it, Dad?\" \"About this relationship with you and Kent.\" \"Not this again, Dad.\" \"Please, let me speak. Look, I know that I haven't been around to see you grow up until high school, and all I see is time moving so fast. Same for Jett, too.\" \"I know you care for us.\" Stephanie shyly looked away from his father's glowing eyes. \"Now I met someone who cares for me.\" \"I…\" Sylvester wants one vital detail to feel at ease of this vague relationship of his daughter involved. \"Well, I see you got what you wanted, but you know not all first relationships are like…you know…fairytales. It's not always perfect and if he leaves you, I know could be, um, painful, but you'll be fine soon. And…I know teenagers these days are more diverse in their choice of dating and if that's the case, I'll just be okay with it, and as long…\" \"Dad.\" Stephanie interrupted. \"Yes?\" \"I'm dating a rare white tiger. Is this what you were concerned?\" The idea of Stephanie dating a different specie was a bit concerning for Sylvester, however, now hearing that her case is with a same specie, there is still father's biggest fear; their young daughter getting an unplanned expectation at a young age. \"Really? Well, nothing then. But…\" Stephanie knows about the infamous \"The Talk\", but he indirectly talks about life advice of relationships. Stephanie cuts in. \"You know, Dad, I always wanted to feel how is like to be in love, and this is the best feeling with Kent around.\" The young tigress paused and looked at him. \"I just realized that I'm glad he wasn't on this trip, he could have died!\" His father hugged her in comfort. Soothing her as she emotionally sobs. \"I'm sorry…I understand.\" \"I love him, and I want to see him.\" She muffled her falling voice. While the father and daughter converse, Jett awkwardly took the spot light. \"So…uh, might as well say something…\" the others glanced at him, \"Me and my folks are on this cruise 'cause my Dad came back from the Navy and celebrate like family. And…I suppose some of you have seen me on television or social media on stage. But I'm now retired after some complications with the band.\" \"Complication with the band, how cliché.\" Portia quietly muttered her voice. Jett grunted under his breath. \"You know, I'm wondering what you wrote in that article?\" \"I should be asking that, too.\" Miss Quinlivan turned at Portia. \"Don't bother, guys. Malcolm fixed it before I could have noticed.\" She remarked. \"What did you have in mind?\" She said. \"Yeah, I remembered what your friend said; 'Are you trying to trash their careers?'\" Jett said. \"What the fuck were you trying to do?\" \"Jett!\" His mother scolds. \"Speculations, I think you both were lying.\" \"Why would I be lying to an accident!?\" \"I thought you got what you wanted with the interview, you weren't satisfied with our thoughts?\" Aubrey said. \"If you both don't want an interview, to begin with, I wouldn't have done it.\" Portia said. \"You asked for one! You came to my room in front my parents and begged.\" \"Sorry, you're right.\" Portia said and quieted before resuming. \"If you didn't say the truth about Bradley Roar's real reason why he left the band, and instead of hiring a new replacement, your career would have succeeded. My theory, you and your bandmates are better off without him and writing him off was the solution, but no, you and your mates refused and unplug the game.\" \"Are you accusing me and everyone against him? Haven't I told you everything? Bradley couldn't take all the pressure and when his father was ill, he has gotten worse than ever. I'm the only one that made the mistake, I couldn't control it, he ran away, and I couldn't stop him on time. All an accident!\" \"And that's my conclusion as expected that you pushed him and…\" Portia explains but… \"PUSHED HIM!?\" Jett screamed. Clover gasped at the woman's words. The tiger-boy stands up and glare at her with fury with balled fist ready. \"You're sick, lady!\" Portia got taken aback the young beast boy. Clover stepped in, \"I heard rumors, but this one has gotten too far!\" \"Would you calm down, Jett! Like I said, Malcolm had snuck in before I would have sent it to the editors before all of this happened.\" Her last part of her sentence was gestured all the surroundings of the capsized ship. Jett, still angry at her for unwanted bad reputation of lies, his parents behind him are prepared if he made one move on her that could result in physical injuries. But he grunted in anger and calms down at the mentioned close call. But he wasn't finished. \"Do me favor.\" He started. Portia puzzled. \"Your friend, Malcolm, is dead, and if you do survive, I hope you have a good idea how to take responsibility when his family are asking you questions that you're unlikely to answer. They will be mourning him and you, the closest person to ever be with, is like a final piece of the puzzle. I hope Malcolm's death wasn't in vain.\" \"You…\" Portia was lost in her thoughts; the future was there very clearly once she's out of the tub. \"How dare you!\" \"You've been a pain in the ass when you came with us! And now, I'll make your life in pain, I hope you got an idea to make up Malcolm's family and live with your life after this.\" His mother behind with hand on shoulder, \"Jett, I think you have your point. Please, sit down.\" Jett obeyed his mother but gave one more glance at her with a cold shoulder at her. \"Don't forget.\" Jett stated her to remind. The mood was killed but survivors make up their own business. Lani, whom had been comforting Jennings for a while, asked. \"Have the officer came back?\" She meant Snowdon, but she yet gotten to know everyone's names. Sylvester said, \"No, not yet.\" \"You should check on them, Sylvester.\" Carolyn said. \"You know I wouldn't break orders from others.\" He remarked. \"My dad is with him.\" Gwen said. \"They're still checking the way out.\" \"Or leaving us to drown.\" Portia muttered. \"Anti-optimistic much?\" Rico said. \"They could be hurt, and they need our help.\" Aubrey said. \"Maybe, but they should be shouting in this cave.\" Ryder said. He decided a go for it. With one hand held cupping his muzzle. \"Snowdon! Kershaw!\" It echoed but wasn't a long lagged one. The sound absorbed instantly. Three faints ones were picked. Not long, a clear whistle responded. Gwen was quick to identify it. \"That was Dad.\" \"Huh, I was expecting a roar or a snarl.\" Ryder said. \"My dad cannot roar like he used to.\" She stated. A while later, the polar bear and the lion made back to the group as their figures reflect the light fixtures under them. The two doesn't show any signs to what they have been up to. Snowdon still in his black jacket uniform for the gala unbuttoned and Kershaw had already taken off a while ago since the ballroom. Sylvester meets up to them to hear any news. \"How is it?\" The two beast-men were… …quiet. They were disappointed. \"Well?\" Sylvester demanded. Snowdon responded, \"It's blocked…\" \"What? But how!?\" The tiger couldn't believe it. Kershaw added, \"There's severe damage and we have checked precisely if we have missed it. Turns out, we aren't even that close to the said hatch.\" Almost the whole group stands up to hear the news, they weren't very good. Disbelieved toward the reveal of their hopeful escape route has shattered in their minds. \"No way!\" Ryder said. \"No…\" Miss Blake whispered. \"Oh, for real!\" Killian spat. Others just quieted of the news, but Sylvester wants to be sure, \"Are you sure? Have you tried to clear the way?\" \"We did everything to clear away, but it's twisted steel tangled up every where.\" Snowdon said. \"This ship suffered extreme damage after capsizing.\" Sylvester sighted. \"So, what are we gonna do? Is there an alternative?\" \"We got to find a way around to the bow than here.\" \"Another hatch or an upward stair to the engine room or some place else for a different route that could lead back to the bow should do.\" Said Kershaw. \"The deck plan shows other ways than from here.\" Said Snowdon as he walks to the same plate on the wall. Tracing his fingers through the long corridor all the way to the back and stopped. \"Here. We should go to the stern. There's another hatch that leads to the main engine room. We go there and journey through the corridors ahead and get to the bow engine room.\" \"In other words, we must go climb to another deck and cross over.\" Kershaw said. \"Guess plan B is now in our side.\" Sylvester ended. Snowdon turns at the group. \"Alright, group, we got different change of plan. We move through the corridors at near the stern, the back of the ship, and look for another way to the next deck above…\" Portia snapped. \"I've heard what you'd said! You think that's easy for a crew member, but I'm a passenger and this has gotten too–\" Her speech was interrupted when Aubrey grabbed her arm and shoved her away from Snowdon and the rest of the group, she scolds her like no mother could ever give to her children as ultimatum. \"Listen, Portia, we're tired of your negative attitude! Nagging and whining is your solution to all your problems, but not for us! If you can find your way out of this tub, then do it! Do it yourself!\" \"Miss Quinlivan, that's enough.\" Said Miss Blake. She moved between the two and break any possible physical harm. \"Let go of me!\" Portia said and shake her grasp off. What brought Aubrey to the edge was her thoughts about the manipulated post-interview she revealed when facing against Jett. What she had formerly added in that article before Malcolm Robertson fixed it before sending to chief editor? Jett's alternated version was grossly, ambiguously extreme as to be considered homicide and attempt murder. While Aubrey only talked about her tough times without a husband and taking care of her young children in London and pursuing her singing career to reach to the top and make herself a secured position of her new-found voice is considered a healthy dose for herself and her children. What else is there for an anticipation of her ordeal to where she is? Her husband left her and took the money. Without saying anything after the poorly handled divorce; nine months later she gave twins. She went back to live with her mother and continued working at the Royal Albert Hall in London as a ballet dancer. Soon her voice was noticed among the staff. Taking advantage to show her talent in the next season of \"Britain's Got Talent\" she received praise from the crowd and the judges. She won second place when she appeared in \"Britain Idol\", defeated by an Irish singer. It didn't take too long when she found an open position to work on a ship that routinely sail on traditional crossings on the North Atlantic aboard the Triton . Somewhere small but making herself a recognizable face from many who have seen her on stage. With changes and then a big transfer when the cruise line wanted her to work on the Poseidon this December until New Year's Eve. Three days before the ship had arrived at Long Beach, her mother called, and her ex-husband was on the line. Her answer was clear for the man who had left her for her inheritance. She gladly response, \"I'm glad you left me.\" She worked all the way to where she is and cannot let one nasty ass come back and take advantage of her. It was greed that brought a lot of damage and cannot let it take away her earnings. So, then, if Portia had talked her late husband then a sick rumor could harm her innocent reputation. If she knew or talked to him, is unknown. But this blonde woman is taking merciless motives against these two celebrities with no sense of anticipation and fact in her hands. Portia continued, \"If you think you can interrogate me, then I got nothing else to say to you! It's all over. I cannot think of anything to get out of this boat!\" Snowdon resumed. \"Let's move, group. There's no time to waste.\" The whole party stood up, and with their slow pace, carefully walk through the long corridor with bodies lying around. Lani helps Jennings up. \"Can you go on, Sid?\" The man nodded. Still affected but cannot pull the group behind. From all the climbing and keeping the only direction toward the bow, now they're walking away from their original path where the forward engine room is. It's disappointing that their plans are not coming to fruition. If plan B works, looking another way to get the next level and head directly to the bow, they would be running to kiss the ocean and go home. The lights on the new floor flickers again. It didn't light up back. Young girls' voices screech at the sudden shut down. \"The lights!\" Rico shouted. His eyes stretch to adapt the darkness, he can feel the pupils growing wide. The beast-men saw this, but their eye sights quickly settle into the dark. \"Don't move!\" Sylvester shouted. But false alarm, the lights came back on. The sigh of relief broke out the humans' breath. \"The emergency back up power is keeping it up.\" Snowdon said. \"We'll be fine for the time being.\" \"How can the ship still preserve some power left after tipping over?\" Zoey said. \"It could last long enough for maybe five or six hours.\" Snowdon replied. \"We need flashlights for the ones we cannot see the dark.\" Kale said. \"He's right, we need some supplies if we want to get out of here.\" Ryder said. \"The firefighting facility should be at the stern, we can find all the supplies what we need there.\" Snowdon said. Their marching resumes and their walking pace are rather slow. Making careful steps on whatever is on the current floor. With Snowdon and Kershaw on the tail of the group, they noticed they have stopped. \"Why we're stopping?\" Snowdon asked. Sylvester, who was ahead, said. \"It's blocked here, too.\" \"What?\" The bear-man and lion-man made their way through the fellows on their way and face the similar blockade. A pile of destroyed and burnt debris covers every corner with no little gaping hole to crawl through. It mostly contains steel and aluminum structures all smashed with force and contents of what could make up a piece of an engine machinery. \"Oh, no…\" Megan the cheetah whispered. \"This cannot be!\" Carolyn said. \"Don't tell us we're trapped.\" Ryder said. \"No! We have come all this way.\" Lani cried. The group were back again disappointed. With questions regarding another way around or questioning on the first officer's thinking. Snowdon couldn't think of anything, given how unpredictable the ship is at this state. \"You don't have a clue, do you?\" Portia spat. Some look at the white bear and others feeling in defeat. With heavy tension on their shoulders on what to do next and figure out to get through this trap-like corridor. They are all caged in here. ","Summary":" Notice: This fanfic is a work of fiction. Any references to real people, organizations, or events a"}]