[{"Movie":"Mask of Zorro Legend of Zorro","Title":"Ceneri e Ricordi","Author":"Demetrys","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9442469","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Titolo: Ceneri e Ricordi Autore: Demetrys Fandom: La Maschera di Zorro (1998) Tipologia: One-Shot Genere: Angst Rating: Per tutti Personaggi: Don Diego De La Vega Epoca: 20 anni dopo. Durante il periodo di addestramento di Alejandro Murrieta. Riassunto: Approfittando della misteriosa assenza del suo allievo Alejandro, il vecchio Don Diego fa visita ai resti di ciò che, vent'anni prima, era stata la sua bellissima casa. CENERI E RICORDI di Demetrys \" Dove diavolo sarà andato a finire, quello sciagurato? \" pensò Diego cercando Alejandro, il suo giovane allievo, in lungo e in largo per quello che una volta era stato il nascondiglio segreto di Zorro. Rassegnato e con una punta d'irritazione, espirò il fumo del sigaro e si massaggiò gli occhi assonnati. Era sparito senza neanche lasciargli un messaggio. Aveva portato con sè anche la propria spada, dedusse l'uomo, guardando vicino a quella specie di amaca che il giovane usava come letto. Dovette ammettere che grazie al suo addestramento, Alejandro si era completamente ristabilito, fisicamente e psicologicamente, come anche vero che la sua abilità con la spada aumentava sempre più, ma non lo considerava un buon motivo per montarsi la testa e farne sfoggio in modo sconsiderato. Si augurò che non stesse facendo nulla del genere. Si mise a pensare cosa fare per ingannare il tempo, visto che ormai era sveglio, quando lo sguardo gli cadde sulla piccola porta del passaggio segreto che portava in superficie. Accuratamente mimetizzata da lui con una tenda di piante rampicanti, questa conduceva ad una ripida scalinata di pietra e, una volta attraversato il caminetto, si entrava nel salone della villa. \" Uhm, potrei anche provare a rientrarci, ma, con l'incendio, il meccanismo per aprire il passaggio si sarà sicuramente danneggiato. \" pensò storcendo la bocca, ma non rinunciò e una volta chiusosi la porticina alle spalle, percorse cautamente la scalinata, divenuta col tempo pericolante, fino ad arrivare di fronte al muro che lo separava dal grande atrio. Senza neanche guardare, con la mano sinistra spinse leggermente la mattonella che azionava il sistema di apertura. All'inizio, si sentì uno stridìo e poi un rombo, segno che la parete si stava aprendo. Diego, sorpreso, sorrise tra sé e pazientò, consapevole del fatto che erano passati 20 anni dall'ultima volta. Quando metà del muro fu quasi completamente aperta, anche il braciere si scostò, sempre un po' a rilento. L'uomo si abbassò e, con un misto di timidezza e paura, entrò nella casa. Era notte fonda e, per farsi luce, prese uno dei pochi candelabri scampati al rogo, avvicinò gli stoppini al sigaro e li accese. Era andato tutto distrutto. Le pareti rese grige e nere dal fuoco, le finestre oscurate dalle assi di legno... brandelli di tende... cocci di anfore antiche... pezzi di muri, vetri e soffitto... Voltò lo sguardo a destra e rivide una delle stanze che adorava di più, o almeno quel che ne rimaneva: la piccola cameretta appartenuta alla loro unica e bellissima figlia, Helèna, quando era ancora in fasce. Varcò lentamente la soglia e vide la culla semi-carbonizzata. Ricordò che a sinistra si trovava una sedia a dondolo, su cui sedeva la sua niňera, in attesa che lui arrivasse, per poi ritirarsi per la notte. Si avvicinò ai resti della culla, s'inginocchiò e toccò la parte rimasta intatta. Quante volte, tornato da un'avventura, la raccontava alla sua piccola, aspettando di veder comparire sulla soglia sua moglie, Esperanza, anch'ella amante di quelle bellissime ed avvincenti storie. Io non mi stanco mai. Perchè lei dovrebbe? gli disse sorridendo, quella sera di vent'anni prima, una volta terminata la favoletta della buonanotte per la loro piccola. Esperanza... Il pensiero di lei gli fece voltare il capo verso la scalinata... dove si scontrò duramente con Rafael Montero e le sue guardie... dove lei perse la vita per errore... dove finì tutto . Riprese il candelabro, si rialzò e lasciò la stanza, andando verso l'inizio delle scale in marmo. Per terra, si poteva ancora vedere la macchia del sangue di sua moglie, assorbita dalla pietra. Non sapeva neanche dove quel maledetto l'aveva fatta seppellire. Sarebbe potuto andare a trovarla, per parlarle, e dirle che la loro bambina era diventata una bellissima donna, uguale a sua madre, ma cresciuta dall'uomo sbagliato, facendole credere di essere lui, suo padre. Quell'usurpatore, che gli aveva portato via ogni cosa. Ma questo, sicuramente, Esperanza lo sapeva già. Posò il candeliere sul muretto e s'inginocchiò davanti alla macchia, tolse il sigaro dalla bocca, si portò due dita dell'altra alle labbra per posarvi un bacio e la toccò, permettendo ad una lacrima di scorrergli lungo il viso. \" Noi perdiamo coloro che amiamo, ma non si può cambiare. Fattene una ragione.\" ripetè mentalmente la frase che citava al suo allievo per infondergli forza, ogni qualvolta il giovane sentiva nostalgia di suo fratello maggiore, Joachim, brutalmente ucciso, ma lo faceva anche per sé stesso, per non abbattersi e poter così raggiungere quei tre obbiettivi che si era prefisso: eliminare Montero, riprendersi Helèna e la libertà. \" Lo farò soprattutto per te, amore mio...!\" pensò Diego ad occhi chiusi, facendo un respiro profondo e chinando il capo. Dopo un po', si riscosse. Da quanto tempo era lì? Forse, Alejandro era tornato e lo stava cercando. Prima di andare via, però, volle salutarla. Si fece il segno della croce, si abbassò e baciò la macchia color amaranto. Si rimise il sigaro tra le labbra e riprese il percorso segreto, portandosi il candelabro con sé. Chiusa la porta, risistemò le piante che la celavano e salì sul Cerchio di Addestramento, ma non vide nessuno. Erano le due del mattino. Doveva forse iniziare a darlo per disperso? Decisamente irritato, prese i due candelieri e li mise sopra un vecchio mobile polveroso vicino al muro e con una delle torce che illuminavano il nascondiglio sotterraneo accese le candele. Prese la sua frusta, si portò a debita distanza e con un solo schiocco spense la prima fiamma, poi la seconda e così via, per sfogare la rabbia e, nel frattempo, attendere il ritorno dell'allievo. Fine. ANGOLO AUTRICE: Ciao a tutti! Mi scuso davvero per l'errore del nickname. \"Alex_Piton\" lo uso nell'altro sito di fanfiction e quando ho pubblicato la storia anche qui non mi sono accorta che era diverso! =_= volevo sovrascriverla, ma non so come si fa e ho dovuto cancellarla e ripubblicarla. Adesso è corretta ;) Spero vi sia piaciuta! Ringrazio tantissimo tutti i lettori!^^ ","Summary":" Titolo: Ceneri e Ricordi Autore: Demetrys Fandom: La Maschera di Zorro (1998) Tipologia: One-Shot G"},{"Movie":"Mask of Zorro Legend of Zorro","Title":"A Perfect Commemoration","Author":"JustAGypsySoul","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9129257","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Zorro nor do I own any of the characters/ideas that may be associated with Zorro. The plot, as always, is mine. A/N: I've been writing a lot of Zorro recently so I would be very thankful if everyone would just hang in there and have a good time reading about the de la Vega family. \"I heard the most beautiful poem today… actually it reminded me of you,\" Alejandro wasn't really talking to anyone in particular. He didn't really intend for Elena to hear him but she did anyway. \"Oh? And what poem would have made you think of me, Alejandro?\" Elena was curious; she rather enjoyed poetry when given the opportunity to bask in its glow. Alejandro had not been expecting this from his lovely wife and so had to think fairly hard to remember the words. He didn't even know the entire poem, not who the author was. Elena saw the look on Alejandro's face and laughed, \"Don't think too hard, you might hurt yourself!\" Alejandro glared playfully at her, only causing her to laugh harder. And then, looking at his laughing and beautiful wife, it came to him suddenly, \"That's it! I only heard a tiny bit, but maybe you will know the one I speak of… how did it go again?... Aw, yes! ' I was a child and she was a child In this kingdom by the sea: But we loved with a love that was More than love – I and my Annabel Lee; With a love that the winged seraphs Of heaven Coveted her and me.'\" His face scrunched up again in concentration and Elena's lit up with delight when she recognized the poem; knowing that he knew not what the poem, in its entirety, said. She thought she might enlighten him but just as she was about to speak he cut her off. \"Ah, yes! There was more… but I do not remember until this point, \"' But our love it was stronger by far Than the love Of those who were older than we – Of many far wiser than we – And neither the angels in heaven above, Nor the demons down under the sea, Can ever dissever my soul from the soul Of the beautiful Annabel Lee.'\" Elena laughed then, at how proud her husband was at remembering two verses from the ballad, and at his ignorance of not knowing the poem of which he spoke. And now that he was done she saw fit to educate him in his err. \"Very good, but there are a couple more verses to that poem which seem to have slipped your mind, Alejandro, for instance,\" and from there she proceeded to recite the poem which she loved so much from memory. \"' It was many and many a year ago, In a kingdom by the sea, That a maiden there lived whom you may know By the name of Annabel Lee; And this maiden she lived with no other thought Than to love and be loved by me.'\" Alejandro smiled and waved his hand, indicating he had already heard this much and it was nothing new. Elena held up her finger to show she wasn't finished and he smiled and shook his head but let her continue. \"' And this was the reason that, long ago, In this kingdom by the sea, A wind blew out of a cloud, chilling My beautiful Annabel Lee; So that her highborn kinsmen came And bore her away from ne, To shut her up in a sepulcher In this kingdom by the sea The angels, not half so happy in heaven, Went envying her and me – Yes! – That was the reason (as all men know, In this kingdom by the sea) That the wind came out of the cloud by Night, Chilling and killing my Annabel Lee.'\" Here Elena stopped, she had been watching his face for some time now, it had turned from pleasure to confusion and now it was twisted into a look of horror after he realized just what he had told her. Her smile grew and by the time he was trying to explain himself she was laughing so hard she couldn't stand, so instead she went to the bed and sat. Alejandro, now laughing at his mistake as well, joined her. \"I told that you I did not hear nor remember the entire poem,\" was his feeble excuse, but it did not matter, the part he had associated with her was sweet and if all he remembered was her love for him, then it would be enough. \"I forgive you,\" Elena replied, still smiling fondly at her husband. And then she leaned in and kissed him, tenderly at first, but the contact soon increased so when the two broke apart they were both breathing hard, then Alejandro seemed to remember something. \"Wait here,\" he told her before rushing out of the room. Elena grew bored, and so she stood and walked over to her vanity where she attempted to straighten her tussled low bun, decided the act was hopeless, and let her dark velvety locks fall. She was shaking them out when strong arms encased her frame. She turned and found herself looking straight into the eyes of Alejandro. He smiled at the surprise still lingering in her gaze and said, \"Happy anniversary, Elena,\" with a devilish grin. He handed her a bouquet of red roses in full bloom, they were her favorite flower. And she was so delighted he had remembered! But what is this? Nestled into the roses was an invitation to a party at the governor's mansion, for tonight! \"Oh, Alejandro, do you mean it!\" Elena was flushed with excitement; she hadn't been to a party with Alejandro in years! \"Si, would I lie to you about something like this?\" Alejandro asked, pleased with his wife's reaction to his gift. Elena tried to put on a serious face to scowl in response to his question but her joy was too great, so her disapproving glare had no effect on her husband and it only lasted a short second before returning to her previous joy. And then her face turned somber, \"But who will look after Joaquin? \"Easy, I've already spoken with Felipe and he said he would be delighted, and besides, the boy's almost old enough he can watch himself. He just needs a little reminder to go to bed before 9:30. What do you say, huh? Will you let your husband twirl you around the dance floor once again?\" This Alejandro, he thinks of everything... when he thinks. \"Of course, mi Amor,\" and then she reached up and kissed him again before going to find a vase to put the flowers in. He did not follow her and on her little trip she took a detour to her study where she grabbed the piece of work she had been painting for months now. It was an abstract composition of Joaquin Sr., Alejandro's brother, based off of a sketch Elena had found in his desk one day. She quickly returned carrying the sheet covered canvas and the case of roses. After setting the roses down on her nightstand, so as not to spill them, she then crossed the room to her vanity where she propped the still covered frame up against the mirror. Alejandro looked at her, puzzled, but she simply rolled her eyes and uncovered her masterpiece, watching his face closely. At first she was worried that she had made a wrong step somewhere, but then his expression shifted from that of pain to awe to gratification and that was when she knew she had done her job well. \"Elena… It's… It's beautiful! You've captured him perfectly… and you never knew him!\" Alejandro took a step toward his wife and wrapped her in his embrace. She leaned into the hug and explained about the picture and a look of understanding washed over his features. \"We will have to hang it tomorrow… I am not sure where but it will be perfect wherever it ends up,\" Alejandro was the first to break contact with his spouse; \"If we are going to go to that party we had best get ready.\" Elena nodded her agreement and then she, too, moved away in the direction of her wardrobe and began sifting through her dresses. Alejandro watched her for a few short seconds, looked at the picture she had so masterfully painted for him, thought about how lucky he was, and then moved to find suitable clothing for a party. A/N: There it is, my newest accomplishment. I hope you enjoyed it and if you would review that would be great! ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Zorro nor do I own any of the characters/ideas that may be associated with"},{"Movie":"Mask of Zorro Legend of Zorro","Title":"Alejandro's Meditations","Author":"JustAGypsySoul","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9178040","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: As always, I do not own the characters or ideas/references that may lead to whomever owns Zorro. The plot and anything else unrecognizable is mine. A/N: I figured I explained how I see Alejandro and Elena's relationship from her point of view and how she saw him... and it only seemed fair to do a story from his point of view about Elena. I hope you enjoy it! Alejandro loved being Zorro. It made him feel alive and needed. He got those feelings at home but this was a different kind of need. This was dependence. This family could live on and protect themselves without him, but the people... they had Zorro to do that for them. Every time he heard that bell ring five times to summon him, his heart rate sped and his palms sweat. One day he would hang up his mask and cape forever, he would eventually grow too old for the demand his second life placed on him, but for now he would ride. There would come a day when he no longer needed Zorro, the people would still need a hero, but Alejandro would not desire the mask as he does now. On that day he would pass the reigns to his adventure hungry son… when he is ready. He had seen many a day that would stop the boy in his tracks. Sunsets and sunrises that stopped the air in his lungs. Mountain views where he felt as though he was on top of the world; riding across clear plains with Tornado in a full gallop when the man felt like he could fly. He's seen meteor showers and wished upon falling stars galore… But even with everything he's seen, nothing compares to the sight when he returns home from a long day of fighting bandits and petty criminals. He pulls Tornado to a halt upon the crest before his house and he sees his beautiful wife waiting for him on the balcony from their room. And then, after he sprints into the stables, Elena's soft brown eyes come into contact with Alejandro's fierce gaze and nothing is comparable. His eyes would always wander from hers to the perfection of her features or the midnight curls that lavishly framed her face. But, inevitably, his pupils would always fall to her full lips, red as her favorite flower. Those lips which resembled a rose in more than one way, the color and sweetness of the flower's petals and scent were evident… but if you got too close and she felt threatened, her thorns would be sure to strike hard and true. With the aid of her tongue those lips could render Alejandro speechless or ignite a flaming passion brighter than the sun. He would risk his life to save her… and his son. But it had all started many years ago with her… long before Joaquin. But, alas, the time before Joaquin was over and, though it was fun and he would cherish it forever, he was happy with his life exactly the way it was now. \"Yes,\" thought Alejandro, as he looked back at his family, \"I have seen many majestic sights as Zorro and I love the mask… But the scene I love most is the greatest beauty I have ever beheld.\" It was the view he valued more than the mask: his family, waiting patiently for him to return home to them. And his wife, his loving and supporting wife whom was the very life, soul and happiness of his being. A/N: If you could find the time to review it would be much appreciated! Thank you for the minutes you've already spent reading this! ","Summary":" Disclaimer: As always, I do not own the characters or ideas/references that may lead to whomever ow"},{"Movie":"Mask of Zorro Legend of Zorro","Title":"A Son","Author":"AndyHood","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11446418","Passage":"[Chapter 1] They had come a long way from the day when Diego had passed the cantina full of anger and spying the drunk trying to sell a familiar necklace for a glass of whiskey. It seemed fate had weaved its strings and brought their two lost souls together. Alejando was a good student, doing everything Diego asked of him and more. Diego knew that the thirst for revenge was the main drive behind his focus. But Diego could see the look in his eyes that he imagined that all Father's saw in the eyes of their sons, the look of a son trying to make their Father proud. Diego knew that he probably had the same look in his own eyes when he looked up to his own Father, Alejando de la Vega. It caused a strange feeling in Diego, he always imagined getting that look from his Elena as she grew up, but his chance of being a Father had been stolen long ago. But he often caught these looks from Alejando. From what little the boy had said of his past, Diego knew that it had been only he and his brother for a long time. But apart of the boy was desperate to please him, to impress him. Even stealing that horse had been nothing but an effort to impress him in a way. Any black horse would have worked, but he chose his old horse so that he could be just like the Zorro of his childhood, his hero. A man that Diego had left behind so long ago the night his world had collapsed, losing both his wife and daughter. His Elena, looked so much like her Mother, the same eyes and the same spirit he could see shining through her eyes. Listening to her talk that morning as he took care of Tornado, was a balm to his soul. Knowing that she was so much like her Mother, like himself, and that Montero had corrupted her to his world view. He knew that he wasn't the only one to notice the spirit inside her, Alejando had seen it. Diego had seen it in the way they danced with each other, though they had just meet Alejando was already falling for Elena. Diego had once danced with Esperanza like that. His dear Esperanza, the portrait had brought so many memories back. It was good to see her face, even though it did not belong in Rafael Montero's house, the man responsible for her death. And after twenty years he would finally be getting his revenge. Even though Diego had once been skeptical on Alejando, he now felt nothing but pride at the man who had taken his mantel. In the months they had worked together, Alejando had truly become like a son to Diego. The son he never had a chance to have. Diego was still a Don, and the land he had inherited from his Father still belonged to him. If he did not survive his encounter with Montero he would make sure that Alejando was taken care of. He carefully wrote his Will naming his son Alejando de la Vega as his heir. If Alejando wanted any chance of supporting Elena he would have to have land, a title, and a name so that no one could contest his right to marry her. Diego also wrote a letter to Alejando explaining everything and placing it where he could find it easily. Diego hoped that he would have chance to explain everything in person but in his bones he had a feeling he would not survive to see the next sunrise. The sound of hooves echoed in the cavern marking the return of Alejando from his first true mission of Zorro, which meant he had succeeded in finding the map to the mine. Diego sighed as he stood, up joints cracking. He would listen to the son of his heart's first adventure but then he would have to leave to extract his revenge. And then maybe He and Esperanza would both finally be at peace Hoped you enjoyed this one-shot, please review! ","Summary":" They had come a long way from the day when Diego had passed the cantina full of anger and spying th"},{"Movie":"Mask of Zorro Legend of Zorro","Title":"Friskiness on the Beach","Author":"JustAGypsySoul","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9178059","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: As always, I do not own the characters or ideas/references that may lead to whomever owns Zorro. The plot and anything else unrecognizable is mine. A/N: This may or may not be mentioned, I figured it's better to be safe than sorry though: Elena and Alejandro are taking Joaquin to Spain for the first time. Felipe is travelling with them because he has a meeting he must attend there and so him and Joaquin are sharing a room which leave Elena and Alejandro their own room and twelve hours to themselves. She had only seen the ocean once before, when she traveled from Spain to America. She had walked the beaches the day before they left with her stepfather. It had been lovely, but not as lovely as this walk now. She loved her home, her hacienda and the town but she dreamed of the rolling waves. And now she walked the sandy beaches again, only this time she walked them alone. She had left her shoes back on the shore some time past and her toes were free to feel the soft sand and the incoming waves would wash over them. At first she had tried to keep her skirts clean and out of the water but then she let them fall, it was too much to be bothered with at a time like this. Besides, the front ends of her skirts were above her ankle and the back was the only part that trailed in the sand. A salty breeze blew on her face, sweeping her hair back and bringing back memories with her stepfather. As she was walking and reminiscing she became aware of a presence behind her but before she could confront her stalker she felt strong arms holding her own down. She was about to cry out and fight beck when familiar lips caressed the skin where her neck and shoulder joined. \"Alejandro, you startled me!\" she exclaimed, but, despite her racing heart, a smile made its way onto her lips. \"I apologize, I did not mean to frighten you so,\" he replied, and she could hear the grin in his own deep, comforting voice. Coming around beside her, he laced his fingers through hers and they began walking together. She notice he was not wearing his boots, and their feet left shallow footprints behind that were washed away as the tide rose and fell. \"Well, in that case, I forgive you,\" she told him and then she thought she was content to simply be, but, soon enough, thoughts began to creep back into her conscious. \"What is on your mind, Princess… that you did not hear me coming?\" Alejandro's voice brought her train of thought to a crashing halt. It was true, normally she would have noticed that she was being followed and he never would have gotten so close so as to scare her as he did. \"Oh, nothing much…. The waves are very soothing, no?\" she tried to change the subject… not her best attempt either. But, though Alejandro was not fooled, he sensed his wife's reluctance to speak her mind and so let the subject drop for the time being and take the bait. \"Yes… yes it is…\" he let the sentence trail off, not really paying attention to what he said. Alejandro glanced fleetingly at the horizon, the sun had not yet started to sink below the waves but it was getting closer. \"What about you? You almost sound like you're thinking… and that is never a good sign,\" Elena told her husband teasingly. \"You know, I think I'm about through with your jokes about the size of my brain!\" Alejandro retorted playfully, for he knew it was all in good fun. Sensing what was to come Elena took off, leaving Alejandro to be sprayed by the water and sand she kicked up into his face during the process. He shielded his face and then looked after her, the most beautiful image he had ever seen. Her hair and skirts were flowing behind her and the golden sun lit up her face. For a moment he was dazed, until she turned and laughed at him, \"Not up for the challenge of catching your wife, Alejandro? Too lazy?\" she joked. His feet were moving even before he told them to and she turned again but not fast enough. She let out a little squeal as he tackled her and they both fell giggling and laughing into the sun tainted water. Grinning, she splashed him and as he was wiping his face she made it to her feet; she was about to throw more water into his face when he caught her wrist, causing her to fall back into the ocean. Their eyes met for a moment and she saw the child that had been playing with her replaced by the man she had married. A caddish grin eased its way across his perfect lips… oh, those lips… and then, suddenly, those very lips were pressed against hers. She smiled into the kiss as he moved his hands from her small wrists to her face. By the end of the kiss she found her own fingers barely brushing the hair that had a habit of escaping the top part of his shirt. Then Alejandro got up out of the water and offered his hand to her, which she gratefully accepted, and they walked together back to shore. Elena sat down then and Alejandro lowered himself down next to her. His hair was wet which made it curly and she found herself reaching up to play with it, a smile gracing her features. Her husband shook his head and sprayed her like a dog, which only made her shriek like a little girl and give a giggle. Alejandro chuckled at her reaction as his gaze drifted off toward the west to the setting sun and Elena followed his sight to reveal a scarlet sunset with only the bright orange ball for a change in color. The sun and sky reflected off the ocean in a broken pattern and Elena found her breath was caught in her lungs. Carefully she stretched her legs out before her and leaned back onto her hands. Alejandro copied her movements but he was certain to make sure his fingers would brush Elena's hand. Softly, so as not to jeopardize the perfection of this moment, the woman leaned her head against her husband's muscular shoulder, and she felt the small weight of his crown as he leaned into her touch and rested his head upon her own. And then they simply sat and watched in companionable silence as the ball of flame finally dropped below the ocean. \"I suppose we should start heading back to the hotel, we don't want to miss the boat tomorrow morning.\" Elena, always the more practical of the two, finally said what was on both of their minds. \"Or we could stay out here and catch the late morning boat…\" Alejandro suggested with a devilish grin. Slowly he rolled so that he was on top of her and he kissed her, sweetly this time. She smiled at his lack of responsibility and as much as she would enjoy spending the night on the beach, her adult self would not let her. Hooking one of her legs around his waist she flipped him so she was sitting on his chest. \"Tempting,\" she said with a teasing grin, \"But no.\" After placing a quick peck on his cheek she got up and offered her hand to him, which he took and used to pull her back down. Their lips met in a kiss that left Elena's head spinning. But once her world stopped riding a merry-go-round and the fog that plagued her brain cleared she got up again, and, dusting of as best she could, gave him a pointed glare. Chuckling and shaking his head he got to his feet and offered his arm to her, which she took with a haughty nod, knowing she had just won that argument. They slowly made their way back to their shoes and, eventually, the hotel. And once inside the hotel room they got lost in the game they had started on the beach. Both of them completely forgot about the reservations they had for dinner and for a few short hours they were the only two people on the planet. As she watched her husband sleeping, Elena's thoughts traveled back to where they were before Alejandro found her on the beach. She wondered what her life would have been like if she had never returned from Spain nor met Alejandro. She pondered how different her existence might have been if she was married when she had returned to California. Alejandro cried out in his sleep from some nightmare and Elena rolled to hold him like a child. She ran her fingers through his now dry hair and rubbed the goose bumps from his arms. He quieted and she laid his head upon her chest, for that always seemed the best way to cure his nightmares and she was rewarded with a small smile that happened upon his features as he wrapped his arms around her waist and readjusted his handsome figure. Observing her husband in his sleep and drifting off into a fitful sleep of her own, Elena decided she would not have wanted her life to play out any other way. A/N: I really hope you liked it and if you can find it in your time and heart to review I would be extremely happy. Thank you for reading and have a good day/night! ","Summary":" Disclaimer: As always, I do not own the characters or ideas/references that may lead to whomever ow"},{"Movie":"Mask of Zorro Legend of Zorro","Title":"Worthy Of The Mask","Author":"BlackFox12","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12826624","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Worthy Of The Mask Disclaimer: I don't own anything from the movie The Mask of Zorro and I'm not making any money from this fic Summary: Diego punishes Alejandro after the events with the horse. Written for the teacher or coach square in the Advent Holiday Bingo blackout Warning(s): Corporal punishment with a whip; spoilers for the movie The Mask of Zorro; some references to violence Author's Note: There is actually a scene in the movie, during the training montage, where Diego uses the whip and it connects with Alejandro's backside. I think the scene can be viewed on YouTube ### \"I'm not going to remember all of this.\" Alejandro's head was reeling with all the information Diego had given him. He was certain he wasn't ready to put on this act; was just as certain that he needed to put his revenge into action. He didn't want to waste time playing these games. \"You'll remember them.\" Diego spoke with utmost certainty. Alejandro looked around the cave. Looked around Zorro's hideout. \"What makes you so certain?\" \"What makes me so certain?\" Diego repeated. \"What makes me so certain is that I am going to give you some incentive to remember how Zorro is supposed to act.\" Alejandro frowned. \"What kind of incentive?\" he asked suspiciously. But it was more of a rhetorical question. More than once, he'd felt the sting of Diego's whip when he didn't move fast enough, or completed the wrong move in training. And Diego had been very quiet about the whole mishap with the horse and Alejandro's subsequent disrespect. \"You've already felt the sting of my whip while we've been training. Now, you will experience how the teacher punishes his student when that student draws undue attention to them both.\" Diego snapped the whip ominously and then pointed the coil at the stone bench they used to repair weapons. \"Lower your breeches and bend over.\" \"This isn't necessary.\" Alejandro couldn't force himself to move. \"I disagree,\" Diego answered. \"It is required for two very good reasons.\" \"And what might those reasons be?\" Alejandro returned. Diego held up one finger. \"Number one. You need to remember your place. I am about to take on the role of your servant, but when it is just the two of us, our relationship will be unchanged.\" He held up a second finger. \"Number two. As I have already stated, your antics drew too much attention. You have told the people that Zorro has returned.\" \"The people need to know,\" Alejandro retorted. \"Be that as it may, you have also alerted both of our enemies to that same fact. We can no longer take them by surprise, as they will be expecting Zorro to appear.\" Diego cracked the whip, ignoring the way Alejandro jumped, and pointed towards the bench again. Alejandro opened his mouth to protest again, but when he looked at Diego's face, he saw it was set and firm. This was something else he would inevitably give in and surrender to; just like every bit of his training so far. Looking down, he pushed his breeches down and stepped out of them. Kicking the clothing to one side, he walked over to the bench and pushed the tools to one side before he bent over it. This wasn't the first time he'd been in this kind of position. His brother had punished him when necessary while growing up. They were all each other had in the world...but he'd been brutally ripped away and Alejandro was alone. Completely, apart from Diego. The whip cracked through the air and Alejandro jumped as it connected with his bottom. With only the thin layer of his undergarments for protection, the pain was far more intense than the times he'd been lashed to focus him in training. The second stroke burned just as much as the first and Alejandro grunted. His head jerked up when the whip landed for the third time and the fourth strike nearly had him jerking up and putting a stop to the whipping. The whip lashed down a total of six times, leaving him with a bottom that felt like it might be about to be set on fire. Alejandro wasn't crying, but he was breathing hard and sweat had gathered underneath his armpits. \"Take this as a learning experience, Alejandro,\" Diego said. \"The next time this becomes necessary, you will not be left with any protection covering your bottom. Now you may reclothe yourself.\" \"Yes sir,\" Alejandro muttered. He slowly stood up, reaching his hands back to gingerly rub at his burning bottom before he walked back over to his trousers. He slowly pulled them up over his backside, wincing as the coarse material brushed against tender, sensitive skin. \"Good.\" Diego put the whip away. \"Once you've composed yourself, we will leave to attend the party.\" The End ","Summary":" Worthy Of The Mask Disclaimer: I don't own anything from the movie The Mask of Zorro and I'm not ma"},{"Movie":"Mask of Zorro Legend of Zorro","Title":"Unmasked","Author":"Anera527","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9748997","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \" Unmasked\" The crowd around the train car had started to disperse, still chanting and cheering, drunk on their joy of California's joining the United States. The festivities would continue for days and weeks on end and none would think it strange if a woman cried in her joy. And tears were certainly falling down Elena de la Vega's beautiful face as she stood with her son. Standing wrapped in her arms, the ten-year-old Joaquin de la Vega looked up at her in open concern. \"Mama, are you all right?\" Elena looked down at him, smiling through her tears, and laughed a little in self-consciousness. \"Ah, Mi Amor,\" she said quietly, and bent down to kiss him on the cheek. \"Do not worry about me—these are happy tears.\" Her hand lightly brushed the hat on his head, gently, softly, and she laughed again. \"Give your papi his hat back,\" she whispered in his ear. Reluctantly, Joaquin took it off and held it reverently in his hands, looking at its black material and Spanish weaving around its brim. Looking up, he easily spotted the black-garbed figure of the folk hero Zorro fluidly mounting up on his mount Tornado, and he felt his heart leap. Papi. \"Zorro!\" he called out and his hero turned to him with a wide smile. Flinging his arm out, flicking his wrist as if throwing a Frisbee, he threw the hat over the heads of the departing crowd and watched as Zorro caught it with a nod of thanks. Tornado snorted as if showing his approval of Joaquin, and Zorro chuckled and urged the horse forward to the waiting mother and son. \"My thanks to you, niño,\" he said when he was beside them. \"Your father would be very proud of you, I think.\" Listening to Zorro's deep voice, the smooth bass rumble, Joaquin wondered how he could not have realized earlier that this man was really his father. It was a familiar voice, a loved voice, and he beamed at the compliment. Papi was proud of him! Joaquin had made him proud! His father's gaze turned to Elena, and although he did not say anything aloud, he winked at her and his smile turned sly. It was a side of Alejandro de la Vega that Joaquin had never seen before, and he marveled at the change. \"Papi is a whole different person when he's Zorro, isn't he, Mama?\" he asked her when they were in the safety of their hacienda. Letting down her long black hair, Elena's expression softened and she turned to him. \"No, my son,\" she said quietly. \"Your father is Zorro—everyone else he is are the ones who are different.\" She crouched down in front of him. \"I know he was not always there for you, Joaquin, but he tried to be. He loves you and would do anything for us.\" She sighed and something of the past entered her gaze. \"But what you must realize is that Zorro is what made your papi who he is today—a fact I seem to have forgotten lately. It is very difficult for him to balance family and his true livelihood.\" Joaquin frowned in confusion. Seeing the story of Zorro from the in side was a world's difference from seeing it from the out side. \"Mama…\" The sounds of an approaching rider interrupted his thoughts and drew his mother's gaze to the open plaza, and a wide smile spread across her face. \"Alejandro,\" she whispered, and hurried to the doors. As they stepped out into the deepening dusk they saw the familiar sight of Tornado come galloping up with Zorro standing straight and tall in the saddle. Snorting, the magnificent horse stopped and his rider slid lithely to the ground. \"Elena! Joaquin!\" he called out, and reaching up flung his hat back and slipped his mask off, revealing the familiar face of Alejandro de la Vega. He laughed from sheer delight as he ran towards them, and Elena raced into his waiting arms as he spun her around. Watching them, Joaquin realized that everything was forgiven between the two of them and felt his heart leap even more. Finally his parents broke apart and Alejandro turned to meet Joaquin's eyes. For a long moment, father and son merely looked at each other; then Joaquin rushed forward and ran into Alejandro's embrace, who wrapped himself around his child like he would never let him go. \"Oh, my Joaquin,\" he murmured in the boy's ear. \"My son, you were so brave—\" \"Papi, Papi, I'm so sorry!\" Joaquin cried, clutching his father's shirt in a tight, unbreakable hold. \"I never thought—and seeing that diablo with his knife—\" But Alejandro gently shushed him, lifting his chin up, and Joaquin was suddenly looking up into his papi's warm brown eyes. His smile was understanding and shone with pride and love—so different from the Papi Joaquin remembered walking around in a distracted, insubstantial daze. \"You should know,\" he said softly, \"that not even Hell itself could keep me from you and your mother.\" Elena's fingers snaked through her husband's hair and sharply tugged at one lock. \"Language, Alejandro,\" she warned, but her tone was without heat. \"You will have to go to confession to forgive your tongue.\" Joaquin was confused by the suddenly sly look that passed over his father's face. \"Just as long as I am not the padre, eh?\" he asked her, and standing quickly kissed her on the lips. They drew back from one another and Alejandro looked down at his son. \"Come with us, Joaquin. We have a lot to discuss.\" 0000000 In a matter of a couple of hours, it was all told. Joaquin sat wide-eyed and awed as he stared at his parents. Out of all the remarkable tales of Zorro he had ever heard, this was undoubtedly the best and most interesting. His papi, growing up a thief and a wanted outlaw before taking up the mantle of Zorro, and his mother raised as the daughter of Diego de la Vega's enemy. He couldn't believe it. \"So—you've been Zorro for ten years?\" Ten years, even before his birth. Elena smiled nervously where she sat beside Alejandro, holding his hand tightly in her own. \"I told you, Mi Amor,\" she said quietly. \"Zorro is what made your papi who he is today.\" Alejandro looked over at her, the lit candles highlighting his dark hair. He had shed his gloves and cloak, but his dark clothes made him hard to distinguish from the shadows. \"If not for Diego, I would probably be dead. More than likely, actually.\" He sighed, then turned back to Joaquin. \"I tried to be as much as I could, Joaquin,\" he said softly. \"But I can't simply let my duties as Zorro go. Not after all I've done.\" \"I don't care if you leave to help, Papi!\" Joaquin exclaimed. \"You're a hero! But I just—why didn't you tell me sooner? Why did you keep it a secret?\" He stood an paced, remembering the icy shock that had descended upon him the night before, when McGivens had ripped off the mask of Zorro and revealed the face Joaquin had least expected. Even in memory, though, Joaquin was proud of the way his papi had stayed straight-backed and unbreakable even after his safety was stolen away. He missed the swift, covert glance his parents shared. \"I wanted to protect you,\" his father finally replied quietly. \"And I thought it would be safer for you to be kept in the dark. But, uh…\" and suddenly he grew nervous, unlike either Papi or Zorro, as he looked at Elena and his expression was surprisingly sheepish. \"Your mother was right. It wasn't my secret to keep. It belongs to all of us.\" Elena smiled, and it was a mix of smugness and love. \"Perhaps now you will listen to me when I say I am always right.\" His father rolled his eyes playfully. \"Only when I'm not.\" Joaquin giggled despite himself, unable to help it. His parents were together again and his family was safe. All was well. 0000000 Even if he knew that his family was safe, Joaquin's mind was still running on fear. For several days after the events at Armand's vineyard and the showdown at the train, his sleep was disturbed by nightmares. Elena spent several half-nights sitting with him, stroking his hair and soothing him softly, and still he did not speak aloud of what he had dreamed about, merely shivering in her arms. Every night it was only Elena, though; Alejandro was still often called on duty for Zorro, and it was his father's absence that un-admittedly frightened Joaquin the most. One night, finally, Joaquin was woken from a nightmare by a hand gently shaking him and he found his papi standing above him. He still wore the black clothes of Zorro, divested of his cloak and gloves, and his face was lined with worry. \"Joaquin, what's wrong?\" \"Papi!\" he couldn't help but gasp, and grabbed his father's wrist, dragging him close. He almost sobbed with relief as the terrors of his dreams dispersed. Alejandro gently lowered himself onto his son's bed and drew him into his lap. His actions were timid and unsure, but Joaquin at that moment loved him all the more for it. He buried his face in the fabric of his papi's shirt and breathed in the scent of horse and fresh air—a scent that had always before confused Joaquin, since he had always believed his father hated horses. Papi's large, firm hand rubbed at his back and stroked his hair soothingly. \"What is bothering you, niño? Your mother has said you've been restless lately.\" But Joaquin shook his head. \"Nightmares,\" he muttered, unwilling to say anything else aloud. \"It's nothing, Papi, I'm sorry, I shouldn't be making such a big deal about it—\" \"Nightmares about what happened on the train?\" His father's voice was soft. Silence. Then Joaquin nodded slowly. \"And before.\" His eyes burned and he tried to blink them dry. \"I—I just—I just keep seeing you and mama—\" The particular nightmare of seeing his papi's throat cut by McGivens' knife came to the front of his mind and he shuddered into silence. \"You don't have to tell me anything more, niño. I know.\" His father's hand stilled for a long moment and for a long moment they simply sat together silently. \"I've suffered from nightmares before as well.\" Joaquin looked up at him, surprised. \"You?\" His papi nodded. \"I've seen a lot of things, Joaquin,\" he answered softly. \"When you were born, I was already fearful of something happening to your mother. But when you entered into our lives, I only had to think about either of you getting hurt and I would freeze up.\" Joaquin was silent for a long moment, processing this. \"What was your nightmare?\" Alejandro was very quiet for a long time, so long that Joaquin was afraid that he had asked the wrong thing. But soon Papi fell to stroking his hair again and met his gaze baldly. His eyes were burning. \"That the man I told you about, Captain Love—\" \"The man who killed my uncle and that you swore vengeance on?\" Papi chuckled. \"So you really were listening.\" Joaquin frowned, indignant. \"The story had Zorro in it, didn't it?\" And this time Papi really did laugh, a deep, full-throated laugh that Joaquin rarely heard anymore. \"Indeed.\" But then he quickly sobered again. \"I would dream that he came back from the dead—or having not died at all—and do to me and my family the same that Raphael Montero did to your mama's.\" He sighed. \"I'm afraid I kept your mother up several years following the night at the mine.\" \"So you were afraid for us —the whole time?\" \"Always.\" Papi looked at him intently. \"I truly am sorry I did not tell you, Joaquin. But nothing means more to me than you and your mother, and I thought I was keeping you safe in your ignorance. But it only made me a neglectful father in your eyes.\" Joaquin could not deny that. \"I know now , though. And I'm not upset—not anymore—when you have to leave. You're still protecting me and Mama, right?\" Papi's eyes shone. \"Ah, Mi Amor,\" he murmured. \"I always will.\" When he prepared to stand, however, Joaquin grabbed his hand again. \"Stay. Please?\" Papi looked down at him, considering; then he smiled again. Silently he sat back down—and not on a chair, as Joaquin had expected, but on the bed itself, where he stretched himself out. Joaquin slid under his arm and Papi drew him close. Feeling finally safe in the shelter of his parent's arms, Joaquin closed his eyes with a smile. 'I love you, Papi.\" He felt instead of saw his papi's answering grin. \"I loved you first.\" ","Summary":" \" Unmasked\" The crowd around the train car had started to disperse, still chanting and cheering, "},{"Movie":"Mask of Zorro Legend of Zorro","Title":"Trials and Torments","Author":"JustAGypsySoul","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9178149","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: As always, I do not own the characters or ideas/references that may lead to whomever owns Zorro. The plot and anything else unrecognizable is mine. A/N: It has been pointed out to me that I have some mistakes... hey, nobody's perfect, right? I apologize, I am terribly sorry that these were here, and I am even more ashamed that it has taken me so long to fix the errors, but here we are now, and hopefully everything is correct. Again, terribly sorry, and I hope you still enjoyed it and will continue to have patience with me. She was getting ready for a party when she felt him enter. He came up behind her and wrapped his strong arms around her waist, gently nuzzling at her neck. Alejandro had returned from saving the people once again. She turned, intending to plant a kiss upon those needy lips but instead of looking into her husband's kind, caring face and loving eyes she found she was staring into Armand's power hungry gaze. \"Did you miss me, Elena?\" he asked with a grin. Stunned, Elena stared for a while before the situation began to dawn on her. Alejandro and Joaquin would not be safe in the same house as Armand! Ripping free from his grasp she ran from her bedroom, trying desperately to make it to Joaquin's but it seemed for every step she took forward the door got farther away. Finally she arrived and there was only a thin separation of wood between her and the inside of his room. A scream sounded and she flung the doors open just in time to see Joaquin slump to the floor and Armand leave through the window. Elena ran to the window, not sure what she would do if she were to catch the Frenchman but she had to do something. When she got to the window though, the man was nowhere to be found. Tears began to fill her vision and a strangled cough sounded from behind her. Crying, she crouched next to her fallen son and saw only accusation in his eyes when he looked up at her, \"You said you would always protect me, Mum…\" and then he was gone, lying limp in her arms. She only cried harder and rocked her boy back and forth, willing him to live again. She lowered him to the ground and closed his eyes, wiping the tears and blood stains from his face; he had put up a fight it appeared. Elena crouched over her son and cried into his hair, wondering how she had failed him. After a few long minutes Alejandro rushed in, but before Elena could even speak she heard a gunshot and a red flower bloomed over Alejandro's heart, looking at her he asked, \"Why didn't you warn me?\" and then he, too, fell. With a wail that resembled the cry of a wounded animal Elena crawled to her husband while trying to still be in contact with Joaquin. She pulled her son's limp body over to her and laid her arm protectively across his chest while trying to breathe in Alejandro's scent. But instead of smelling of leather and horses and Alejandro, he smelled of sweat and blood and decay. When she looked up both Joaquin and Alejandro were nothing more than skeletons… Where did she go wrong? Armand was dead! How had he murdered her entire family so quickly and why had he left her alive to suffer? Her vision blurred and swam and changed, revealing a scene that was all too familiar: she was fighting at the mines with Diego de la Vega and Don Rafael, meanwhile Alejandro fought Captain Love. And no matter how many times she had this dream and knew how it was going to end, she was never quick enough and the Captain always decapitated Alejandro before she could stop him. Elena would run to him and trip, somehow, conveniently landing a few feet from Alejandro. She would drag her body to his as tears fell down her cheeks and bury her face in Alejandro's chest. As she looked up at her future husband's headless body her tears caused everything to shift and change again. This time when her vision cleared she blinked her eyes open to reveal her dark bedroom and Alejandro sleeping peacefully beside her. She moved to wake him and confirm that none of this was real and that it was all a dream but he would not turn to her. Struggling she sat up and pulled on his shoulder, forcing him to roll over. As he settled onto his back she became aware of the perfect circle shape of a bullet hole, in the exact center of his otherwise flawless forehead. She sat up, screaming. Her heart was pounding in her chest and sweat had begun to leak onto her brow. Alejandro was lying as he always did next to her; tentatively she reached over and touched his back, feeling his muscles and heartbeat. Softly she called out to him, hoping that she had finally woken from her nightmares, \"Alejandro?\" \"Of course not, my love,\" Armand turned and faced her. \"Armand! Where is Alejandro, what have you done to him?\" Elena found herself out of bed and standing. She quickly reached for the heavy candlesticks that sat on the dresser behind her. \"Alejandro? Who is this Alejandro you keep speaking about?\" Armand seemed genuinely confused, like he had never heard of Alejandro before. \"Let's stop this nonsense, my love… come back to bed…\" Suddenly her eyes flew open to reveal Alejandro's sweet face, a concerned wrinkle creasing his brow. Elena was breathing hard from her nightmares, and she found herself in a cold sweat, like she had been running. She swallowed the scream that had been fighting to escape her throat as she raised a hand uncertainly to his face, \"Are you real?\" he didn't feel like a dream, but with the night she had already had she figured one could never be too safe. \"Yes, I am real,\" he replied softly and in that instant she pulled his face down to hers, needing to taste him on her lips, the real him. After a few short minutes Alejandro broke the kiss and then sat up in the bed. To Elena the covers suddenly seemed cold and uninviting without him and she rose to crawl into his lap. She leaned her head upon his tired shoulder and waited for her heartbeat to slow. Alejandro wrapped his arms around her protectively and ran his fingers distractedly through his wife's velvety curls. Time passed in silence, though Elena knew not how much time, it could have been seconds or minutes or hours or days, even months or years, before Alejandro finally spoke, \"Do you want to talk about it?\" he asked, his tone unsure. Elena didn't have nightmares often but on the few occasions when she did they left her drenched in sweat and she would find herself counting down the seconds to the less frightening daylight. But at the same time Alejandro had a right to know what her subconscious feared. After much debate and internal conflict she made her decision with a shaky breath, hoping her voice would stay strong and not tremble… \"The worst were Armand… he was alive again and he killed both you and Joaquin,\" her voice hitched at the fake memory that still seemed vivid and fresh… and real. \"I couldn't protect either of you… And I had known he was here before anyone, It was my fault you died…\" she let her sentence trail off and buried her face in her husband's strong chest, breathing in his familiar scent. She clenched her eyes shut tight, trying desperately to get rid of the awful images from her memory; attempting to rewrite the history in her mind, trying in vain to rid herself of blood. A sudden thought crossed her mind, something from Shakespeare that she read a once at finishing school in Spain. It was from Macbeth if she remembered correctly… it was no matter which play it came from, \"Out damned spot, out!\" kept running through her mind and she couldn't help but think how fitting it was. \"It's okay, Elena,\" Alejandro soothed, smoothing her hair, \"He can't harm our family any more, I promise.\" \"I know, but it still terrifies me when I think of the things he almost did… the things I almost let him do…\" \"Hey, hey, hey, don't talk like that. It wasn't your fault,\" Alejandro reprimanded his wife for thinking such atrocious thoughts. The rest of the nightmares resurfaced with bright colors in Elena's mind and she clutched her husband, holding him closer to her. \"The others aren't really worth mentioning,\" she decided then. She felt like a child, running from her bad dreams and seeking a safe place in her awareness but she didn't care. And as long as Alejandro was there to comfort her everything would always be better when she woke. Slowly her sleepless night caught up to her and she began to tire, the couple laid back down on the mattress and soon Elena found herself in dreams once more. But these dreams were entirely safe, with Alejandro's protective arm still around her waist the nightmares had no weak point to prey upon in her subconscious mind and she dreamt of times long ago when she was a child and another man chased off her nightmares… before even Don Rafael chased off her bad dreams. She remembered a lovely woman wearing Elena's face and a father who watched the women in his family with a love so intense she thought it would set fire to any who got in its way. With her husband to protect her she dreamt of Diego de la Vega and then her father turned into Alejandro… watching over Joaquin in his crib. And, finally, her vision blurred and she simply slept, free from dreams and, for the first time since the day Armand resurfaced in her life, free from fear. A/N: I hope you enjoyed it, it kind of came to me randomly one day. Thank you so much for reading and I hope you will review, it would mean a lot to me. I wish you a great day/night! ","Summary":" Disclaimer: As always, I do not own the characters or ideas/references that may lead to whomever ow"},{"Movie":"Mask of Zorro Legend of Zorro","Title":"A Heart's Conclusion","Author":"JustAGypsySoul","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9106656","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters or refrences to the movie, all of that belongs to . The plot, however, is mine. A/N: I know this is a little outside of my normal field, but I've been watching a lot of Zorro lately and couldn't help but notice there aren't very many stories in the Zorro category where I would like to read from. Therefor, here we are. And there you go. I hope you like it. One-Shot. For all the resistance she was able to put against Alejandro and all the times when she was less than civil toward her ex-husband, everything she had told Armond was true. The only way she could stand to be around the vile rodent, to bear his touch, to rest in his arms, to kiss his lips… the only way she could stand those foul deeds was to imagine the snake as Alejandro. So, as cruel as she may seem to the man, it was all an act. Besides, his head would only grow larger if he knew how much she truly cared, and his head was large enough, Zorro's hat had a hard time fitting, his cabesa was so grande . The other thing she would never admit to her Alejandro was that he had earned his ego, fair and square. She was proud of him, as would Joaquin be if he knew the truth about his father. Alejandro had spent the last several months trying to win her heart back in his own way, what he did not yet know was that he had never lost it. She could not even begin to care for Armond when only two people shared her heart. Between Joaquin and Alejandro, Elena had no more heart to give. Now that might soon change if Alejandro and she were to make it out of this unwanted adventure alive; the both of them alive and well, with Joaquin. Oh, what a feat that would be, but if she knew a family that could accomplish it, it was hers. Elena did not think long about the time it would take Alejandro to celebrate, if he didn't celebrate soon after, she would be forced to take matters into her own capable hands. And so, alas, it was true; Elena thought of these few things while in the carriage on the way to the train station. Or so she assumed. And if Armond knew she had been a spy it was guaranteed that he would already have Joaquin to black mail her with. She would wait patiently for her husband to arrive and save the day, or, more accurately, her Zorro, the hero of her and her son. Alejandro would never let Armond destroy his family. His family meant more to him than his mask, he had proven that to her at last. He would come. He would always come, to the aid of his familia before going to the aid of the people. And she would wait. She would always wait for her masked man. A/N: Again, a bit outside of my normal category but I couldn 't help it. I hope you liked it! Please review! ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters or refrences to the movie, all of that belongs to . "},{"Movie":"Mask of Zorro Legend of Zorro","Title":"Commonland","Author":"Efrain Hernandez","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5980987","Passage":"[Chapter 1] COMMONLAND Written by Efrain Hernandez Calaveras County, California March 1849 A sprung and angry sun scorched the morning chill that it left a curious mist over Calaveras River. A man and his spotted horse traveled down the hillside that emptied broken rock and dust into the river bank. The horse's hooves dug furiously but carefully into the white ground. Scattered around them were the stunted, dead tries the Spring drought had left behind. Shooting their roots deep into the earth, the trees leaned thirstily towards a water they'll never touch. The horse reached the bank and nickered but the rider tugged on the reins. The horse lowered its head in protest, sticking out it's leathery tongue deep into the water. \"Estupido!\" The rider yanked on the reins and kicked his boots against the horse's sides. \"No tomes el agua.\" The brim of the rider's hat was enough to deflect the blinding sunlight above him but obstructed his vision through the mist ahead. Not even the horse was eager to move faster. As the pair traveled over the river the rider turned his sight to the shining substance swimming with the surface of the water. The sloshing of the horse's legs distorted much of the silvery coat, creating a thick white foam that rode alongside the ripples. Don't drink the water horse , the rider thought, bad water. He followed the trail of shine up the river that led up the hills into the mines of Vallecito. The rider urged the horse to move faster. From the river they followed the bank, away from the mines, down the into a ravine. From the ravine they moved towards their shadows and headed east into a town called Murphy's Camp. By the time the rider stopped his horse the sun was inches from kissing the ground. It's swollen redness bathed the countryside in every palette except green. The heat of the day that had pained them throughout their entire journey form Los Muertos, was replaced with the chill of the night once again. In the far distance, Joaquin saw a lone fox watch him ride. For a second the two beings were locked in a mutual stare. Joaquin broke the stare and continued riding home. The piles of sticks that was lying in front of him came from the fence he had built around his land. Where there used to be a wood door tied to stumps that dotted his boundary line, was now in ruin. The rider kicked his legs in and the horse sped into his land. His house was growing in size now but the mess of emotions boiling inside of him forced him to push the horse harder. The horse was overworked and out of breathe but it obeyed the torture tied around it's head. Together the rider and horse merged as a single breathing creature; a silhouette against the blue of the evening. As the rider reached his house, he slowed his horse enough for his feet to touch the dirt. His horse stopped and began kicking around a cloud of dust, neighing confusingly at other strange horse's. \"Stop!\" The rider cried out as he rushed into the darkness of his house. He pulled his gun from his holster and surveyed the house one room at a time. A scream in his bedroom set his instincts on fire and he followed the noises. \"Joaquin!\" The scream cried. It was a woman's scream. \"Rosita! Mi Rosita, donde estas?\" He bellowed into the blackness of his home. By the touch of his walls the rider Joaquin was able to find his way towards his bedroom. He kept his gun steady even though his hands were not. Another scream filled his ears. A loud crack and a burst of white light blinded his eyes and ears momentarily. Then a hard punch into his abdomen and face sent him staggering backwards. The fists belonged to a tall shadow that loomed over his fallen body. His horse neighed loudly outside and then it was suddenly silenced. \"Get out!\" Joaquin wrapped his arms around the intruder's legs and pulled him downwards. The intruder collapsed onto the floor and muttered English too fast and sloppy for Joaquin to discern. The noisemaker clunked a few feet away from him. His wife screamed again. In a fit of rage Joaquin wrestled the intruder into the ground. He could smell the pungent odor of alcohol. The intruder grabbed onto Joaquin's face. \"You think you can just show up an' take our gold? How 'bout somethin' you can always have wich'u.\" The intruder pulled out a dagger from his pocket and carved three connecting lines on Joaquin's chest. \"The Zalazar family name!\" Joaquin punched the man on his face and knocked the knife away. \"I'm'a kill…you.\" The intruder slurred. \"Crush your face…an' kill your wife.\" Joaquin was weaker and smaller than the giant beneath him. The words he was hearing devastated him with the worst imagery until, finally, he reached out onto the floor with his hand. \"I'll break you Murrieta!\" The drunkard roared swung his fist, with the power of his meaty arm behind it, into Joaquin's head. Once the blow had subsided into numbness, Joaquin found his gun and wrapped his fingers around the handle. The rage was his eyes and all he saw was the giant mass of meat he did not want. Joaquin pulled the trigger three times and scrambled to his feet to rescue his wife. He grabbed the twenty-gauge shotgun on the floor on his way out. \"Rosita!\" Joaquin shouted. His wife did not reply with words but with a shrill scream even more horrendous than before. Joaquin called out for her again but, like his horse, she cries were silenced. Joaquin recognized the hallway leading into his bedroom and ran towards the bedroom door. The burst into the bedroom did not startle the man laying on top of his wife but in fact amused him. \"See Murrieta? Now you can keep your gold.\" The smell of alcohol fumed from his mouth and nostrils. The man fired two loud shots from a gun hidden beneath the sheets into Joaquin's shoulder just as Joaquin retaliated with a burst of light from the shotgun. In the sunlight his wounds were a bad purple, much worse than he had thought. Several cuts on his face and two holes on his left shoulder left him hurting intensely, but it wasn't worst of the pain. Joaquin's knees dug into the ground as the men holding his head began tying his hands together. Joaquin tried pleading with the men that apprehended him but eventually gave up when morning came. Numbed from fighting and empty of any more tears, Joaquin was a shell now who watched soullessly as the town's authorities carried his wife's body out of their house. She was wrapped in blood stained sheets and carefully placed on the back of a wagon. The men who held him sneered violently at him. Joaquin ignored them and waited for his body to bleed out. Unfortunately the bleeding from his shoulder had matted his shirt to his chest. He was afraid he was going to live. He saw the crowd building up around his house and the heat swelling from it was breaking everyone into sweat. Front and center of the entire town was a large, round man named Smith. Joaquin recognized him to be his closest neighbor, a German rancher whom he had tried to stay clear away from. He was holding a twelve gauge in his hands. \"It was an act of self-defense.\" \"Garbage! He's telling us lies!\" \"We've gotta try him!\" \"We've gotta hang him, that's what.\" The words bounced off of Joaquin's ears. He slumped his weight downwards as she stared into the ground. \"Sherriff McDaniel!\" Smith barked as he waddled over to a taller and more muscular man. \"We've got the son-of-a-bitch. Let's off him right here, right now.\" McDaniel was wearing a large brimmed hat so it was hard for Joaquin to identify his face. Even in the town, however, Joaquin never had a good look at Sherriff. The only thing he recognized was his scar left from a burn on the right side of his face. He marched towards Joaquin and ordered the men who bound him to lift him up. When they met eyes, Joaquin could not see hatred or malice in him but shameless regretfulness. \"Señor,\" Joaquin began, \"my wife is dead.\" \"I understand that, Murrieta.\" \"Then you will also understand that it is my right to kill those men.\" \"I understand that too.\" \"Then why do you let these men tie me so?\" McDaniel readjusted his hat and looked at Smith. \"That man there has some gripe against you.\" Joaquin stared blankly at Smith and then turned to McDaniel for an explanation. \"What offense have I done to that man? Tell me!\" \"He claims that you've stolen his stallion-\" \"No! I have not-\" \"Be quiet, Murrieta. Now if that horse over there,\" McDaniel pointed at the spotted horse near his house, \"belongs to Smith-\" \"But it does not! The horse is that of my brother's. He owns it.\" \"HANG MURRIETA!\" The crowd cheered. McDaniel waved at the crowd. \"We're not going to hang this man until he find out if what this man says is true,\" he then looked at Joaquin, \"but if it doesn't. It's your death.\" It an offer that seemed pleasurable in the back of his mind. Death would mean being with his Rosita forever more. But before Joaquin could confess to the crime that was not his, McDaniel had already walked over and inspected the horse himself. \"Smith.\" McDaniel said to himself as he grazed his fingertips over the horse's underside. A diamond cattle brand with a large 'S' was marked there. \"This is Smith's horse.\" McDaniel said aloud. \"Murrieta's brother will die today.\" The last of Joaquin's spirits had plummeted. The crowd applauded with angry fists thrown into the air while they shouted \"justice\"! The crowd immediately dispersed for their own horses while the spotted horse was fetched for Joaquin. McDaniel confronted Murrieta before he was lifted onto the horse. \"You're brother will be hanged and your own punishment won't be as harsh-\" \"Señor McDaniel, it was I! I stole the horse!\" Joaquin pleaded. McDaniel cupped a hand over Joaquin's mouth. \"Be quiet! I don't want to you kill you .\" \"But my brother will hang!\" \"That's his own fault. He stole the horse.\" \"He could not have. I trust him with my life!\" \"That's a good investment Murrieta as you're keeping it. In the meanwhile don't confess, even if you did it.\" \"But why?\" \"You are a gold miner, right?\" Joaquin nodded, clearly understanding what the Sherriff wanted. \"If I'm not mistaken you're the best in Calaveras County. I'll let you live long enough to make a deal with. In the end we both win.\" Joaquin was silent. \"Alright amigo? I'm sorry for your loss but you will live.\" \"I do not want to live.\" \"Too damn bad, Murrieta. Most Mexicans don't have purposes here, so you'll make sure to appreciate me giving you one.\" McDaniel got up on his own horse and nodded to the men who were still holding Joaquin. Suddenly he too was being sat on top of the saddle. \"Let Murrieta show us the way to his brother's.\" McDaniel said to the men. \"I'll follow close behind.\" He then turned to Joaquin. \"If you try to escape, I will shoot you.\" Joaquin nodded and clicked his tongue. The horse moved forward with the town following close by. Joaquin felt the sweat on his chest singe his skin. He touched his chest and remembered the cut that was given to him the previous night. How'bout somethin' you can always have wich'u \"Este será mi carga, mi culpa, y mi destino,\" Joaquin whispered to the horse. \"I will forever wear this mark of shame.\" \"Faster Murrieta!\" McDaniel barked from behind. Joaquin kicked his boots in and the horse sped faster. \"Guillermo Murrieta! You are under arrest for theft. Come out!\" McDaniel loaded his gun and rubbed the mane on his horse. He then jumped down onto the ground and walked towards a small shack sitting in the middle of a dead land. \"Come out or I'll drag you out.\" A small red-haired boy curiously peered out of the front door before being pulled back inside. \"Procoppio, go back inside.\" An older voice said. The front door groaned as a tanned man stepped out. He saw his brother first and then the sheriff. Joaquin looked at a nearby dead tree and then imagined his brother on it. \"What is this?\" \"We know what you've done.\" \"What did I do?\" \"Smith has taken back his horse and wants justice. I will make sure it happens.\" \"I do know of any horse! Leave my land now!\" \"It's not your land. Not anymore.\" Guillermo's resistance was met with three hit to the face and one to his abdomen. He was quickly tied up and saddled on top of Joaquin's horse. Joaquin had been pulled aside and forced to watch as McDaniel's men pulled out a noose from McDaniel's sack and fastened over Guillermo's neck. The crowd was thriving on the frenzy of excitement and heat. When the noose was tightened on the tree, Guillermo tearfully looked at the small boy who watched curiously out of the front window. Joaquin saw the exchange of looks between his brother and his nephew and ran towards Guillermo. \"Stop him!\" McDaniel shouted. \"Perdóname hermano!\" Joaquin pleaded as he grabbed onto Guillermo's shirt. Guillermo smiled. \"Watch my boy Joaquin. Do not let him stray like we have.\" \"You do not deserve this!\" Joaquin felt several hands tug on his arms and shoulders. He was being pulled away from his brother. \"Leave me!\" Joaquin cried. \"Joaquin!\" Guillermo coughed. \"Do not be weak, little brother. We will have our day again.\" Joaquin nodded and obeyed quietly as the men pulled him back far enough. Off in the distance Joaquin noticed the same fox he had seen before. It was sitting down and watching the event unfold. \"Guillermo Murrieta,\" McDaniel began \"do you have anything else to say?\" \"Be fair and just and we are with you, do otherwise and take the consequences. Las Gorras Blancas will return for you.\" Guillermo was looking at Joaquin. \"Then you meet your end now.\" \"I leave this earth in peace-\" SLAP! The horse neighed and galloped away leaving behind a tree that was groaning downwards by a sudden heavy weight. After the town and Sherriff McDaniel had left for Murphy's Camp, Joaquin remained on the ground beaten. Joaquin crawled towards his brother's swinging body one inch at a time. You're brother will be hanged and your own punishment won't be as harsh. He had been beaten senseless and horsewhipped after his brother's feet dropped. That was his punishment. Joaquin's face was stained with his own blood and several of his own ribs were damaged. When he reached his brother's feet, Joaquin touched his skin and cried. He was left alone until the sunset of the day had arrived. Behind them a massive red orb that was the sun had turned them into silhouettes. His brother hanging from a dead tree and he at his brother's feet. Back in the house, the son of Guillermo Murrieta watched shyly through the window and understood what he saw. ","Summary":" COMMONLAND Written by Efrain Hernandez Calaveras County, California March 1849 A sprung and angry s"},{"Movie":"Mask of Zorro Legend of Zorro","Title":"Becoming Zorro","Author":"kwea8","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9214203","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Summary: Everyone knows the story of Zorro a legendary masked man in black and his son Juaquin. But what happened when Juaquin grows up? what love and adventure does he find? As he grows and trains to take his father's place. Chapter 1 I was sweating like a pig. My 'dear', 'loving' father was sitting beside me with his feet resting on my back as he read his book, while I was doing pushups over about 3 dozen candles \"Tell me again why I am doing this\" I asked \"Because this is how your grandfather trained me while I was becoming Zorro and so this is how I will train you while you are becoming Zorro,\" he answered \"Right, so how long am I going to be doing this papi?\" I asked as I did my 50th pushup. \"Until I say so\" \"Bueno\" I mumbled 'I wonder if my grandfather was this cryptic' I thought to myself. My father had been training me for about a month now, everyday we do something different or just repeat something I've already done. And after a week I'm starting too regret asking him to teach me. But I'll have to learn it sometime right? After all I am his legacy and besides I can't let my father keep doing it, especially now with his bad shoulder. What is that American phrase? 'Just grin and bear it,' and that's exactly what I'll do. Suddenly my mother came down the steps into Zorro's lair, looked at us, sighed and put her hands on her hips as she addressed her husband. \"Alejandro, dont you think he's had enough for today?\" \"The training is grueling but if he wants to take my place as Zorro he's going to have to get used to the work\" he replied. \"Fine\" she sighs \"but you'll have to train him some more later, I promised Rosalita we would drop by before la fiesta de _\" She and my father shared a look then my father looked at me, removed his feet from my back and said \"alright Juaqin you've had enough for today go wash up and prepare to go with your mother. I got up from were I was doing my pushups very carefully avoiding the candles. I ran up the stairs and to my room to change and clean myself. After everything that happened with Armand when I was a kid, we became a family this time it was better, now I had a new respect for my father. Sometimes I still felt a little jealous of my father's other life, and craved more I understood, my father has an obligation to the people, besides its who he is, who I will be,I can't just ask him to change. And I don't want him to, my father is my hero always has been, probably always will be. We found Rosalita in the bazaar and after making the initial comment on how fast I'm growing and how much I look like my father she started a conversation with my mother. While my mother was talking to Rosalita I decided to look around and see what mischief I could cause, hopefully without getting caught. I walked around the bazaar and looked at all the shops that could be seen when I was a child all the shops were run by Californians but now there were also stands where Americans could sell their products its been like that ever since California became a state, it was an interesting change I kept walking until I came to the end of the shops at the bazaar and found an old barn. However the barn is not what intrigued me, there was someone inside Gregorio Barn. Gregorio Barn is the 'scary house' of our town, some even claim it's haunted. I don't know if I beleive that, but I do beleive that someone is in there now. And they're moving, fast. I walked through the door and saw what was making all the noise. I was shocked and intrigued by what I saw. I never expected to see[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 Katherine's POV: I had escaped my mother at last. I didn't mean to be rude but I wanted to explore California, my mother and I have only just arrived after all. I was walking through the bazaar in town admiring all the colors and looking at things that I might be interested in buying. I walked until I came across an old barn, it looked deserted. It would be perfect. I walked inside and started inspecting it. looking for foot holds and good vantage point, possibly a dummy. Well I didn't find one so I decided to do without, I tied my hair back with the leather cord I always carried with me, I took off my skirt and changed into a pair of pants. I took my daggers out of there holding place and started with the basic drills: thrust, parry, lunge. Then I started getting into it jumping around, moving, running. Fighting the invisible enemies that are all around me, but never take form. I was so immersed in what I was doing that I was unaware how much time had gone by since I had come in, I was also unaware of another presence in the building. Juaquins POV: It was a girl. A girl who looked strangely like a man, but definitely a girl. A very pretty girl. With VERY good skills in swordsmanship. She had long, dark brown hair that was tyed in the back of her head and strands of hair were coming out of the ponytail she had it in. The girl was about 5'6\", skinny, with a good figure, it was hard to tell what her face looked like because her back was to me, but I was quite curious to know. Whoever she was she hadn't noticed me there yet so I decided to watch and wait. I walked around her a little and decided to really test her skills, I found an old, forgotten staff, took a step closer to her and waited. When I saw an opportunity I jumped in and started fighting back. I could tell she was surprised by the look on her face, and she faltered in her actions for a moment, but she recovered quickly and we started sparring. Two complete strangers, fighting, for no reason at all, just fighting, in a friendly battle. Who knows how long we fought the both of us were to immersed in beating the other that we paid no attention to the outside world. I used about every skill my father had taught me and a few I had learned from previous fights. But it seems that she was as good a fighter as me, which only intrigued me more. I was starting to sweat again. We were moving fast, neither one of us wanting to stop or be caught off guard resting. We fought until I heard a sound that made me stop dead in my tracks: My mother. The girl heard it as well and faltered, she lost balance and started to fall out of the loft where we were fighting, I grabbed at her trying to catch her but ended up falling with her. Luckily we landed in a stack of hay, we looked at each other, she had hay tangled in her hair that had come undone since we started fighting, I figured I looked just as ridiculous as she did because she started laughing at me just as I was laughing at her. We laughed until we heard what had disturbed us in the first place. My mother cleared her throat to get our attention. We both looked at her and she had her hands on her hips and was glaring at me. At that moment I just wanted to disappear and avoid my mother's scrutiny, but unfortunately there was no avoiding it, it may be delayed since we were in the presence of a stranger, but there was no avoiding it in the future. \"Joaquin de la Vega\" my mother said sternly and I lowered my head trying to hide in the straw. \"What in the world is going on here.\" \"Um\" I looked at the girl for a little bit of support but she looked just as scared and helpless as I felt. \"Well, you see, it's a funny story\" I said laughing lightly trying to lighten the mood. \"Well than I guess you had better start from the beginning\" she said as she took a seat on an old bench. And so I told her what happened, I had learned better than to lie to my mother. When I finished, she just looked to the sky, as if talking to God and sighed then said. \"All right get out of there than and clean yourselves up. Your a mess, the both of you.\" She gave me the look as if to say this wasn't over which only proved my suspicions. My mother looked at the girl whose name I still didn't know and her gaze turned caring . \"Please excuse my son senorita. He's as bad as his father. I'm sorry if he was any trouble to you.\" \"No, no don't worry, he didn't bother me I just thought I was alone, that's all\" \"I am sorry though, I just couldn't help it.\" I said \"My name is Joaquin. It's nice to meet you. Your an excellent swordswoman.\" I looked into her eyes as I spoke to her and realized they were the most brilliant blue I had ever seen in my life. It seemed her face was all soft, round cheeks but not pudgy, button nose, and a smile so bright I'd have to say she was the daughter of the sun itself. In other words, she is beautiful. She laughed a little at that than said \"thank you I've worked hard to be as good as I am\" I smiled at that, than thought that even her laugh was beautiful. \"My name is-\" \"Katherine!\" Ok so my last chapter was really short I realized that after I submitted submitted it, I also realized that I was spelling Joaquins name wrong, I apologise for that. Also there is a blank space in the last chapter that I forgot to fool in the man of the party is: la fiesta de anos which just means party of the year. I'll update the next chapter as soon as I can and I really hope you enjoy Becoming Zorro. ","Summary":" Summary: Everyone knows the story of Zorro a legendary masked man in black and his son Juaquin. But"},{"Movie":"Mask of Zorro Legend of Zorro","Title":"A New Outlook","Author":"JustAGypsySoul","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9178088","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: As always, I do not own the characters or ideas/references that may lead to whomever owns Zorro. The plot and anything else unrecognizable is mine. A/N: Terribly sorry this one is so short, there is most certainly more to come, actually It's all written, I just think that it would be easier to organize in chapters as opposed to a one-shot with lines. So here we are, and I hope you enjoy it. He was hers again, and this time nothing would rip them apart, the only thing that could possibly stand in the way would be Zorro… but Elena thought that both of them understood the man in the mask in a new light. For now Elena no longer wanted to think of Zorro, she only wanted to think of Alejandro, here, now, under her fingertips. Yes, it was true that he hid under the mask, but to her he would always be Alejandro, the man she truly fell in love with first, and Zorro, the man who captivated her and antagonized her second. \"So what were you saying when you thought we were never meant to be together?\" Alejandro teased, breaking their embrace first. Despite everything that had happened, a smile worked its way onto his lips. As Elena looked at the smile one found its way to her own mouth as well. \"Oh, you know… the pipe and I… it just, wouldn't work, it was too much like my stepfather's. Not fit for a lady,\" she decided to joke with him. After all, she didn't know what she had meant. She had to have been crazy… if he asked her again more seriously it would be Armond. He had been a kind boy at finishing school, but something had changed between them from the time when they were children. Whether it was him or her or Alejandro she did not know, and right now she did not care. Especially if it had anything to do with her or Alejandro for if it did she did not want to un-change it. Not after the last three months and the longing her heart experienced. The entire time all she really wanted was to be right here, in his arms… Maybe not under these circumstances, but… she would gladly take what she could get if it meant he would belong to her and her alone again. A/N: Please review, if not now, at minimum when you finish the story after the 3rd chapter! Thanks![Chapter 2] Disclaimer: As always, I do not own the characters or ideas/references that may lead to whomever owns Zorro. The plot and anything else unrecognizable is mine. The last three months… they were not a time Elena cared to think about, but it seemed she had no choice as her and Alejandro made the long trek back to the signing. She had not wanted the divorce and that was why she had sent the lawyer, if she had to face Alejandro personally she would have broken down. It had seemed safest to avoid contact at all with Alejandro but when he first appeared at the wine tasting she realized there was no way to escape him any longer. She had no choice but to confront him and try to get rid of him, if she didn't, she knew that the Pinkertons would reveal Zorro's true identity to the rest of the world. But then Alejandro had gotten drunk… the things he said to her had hurt, she wondered if they were how he really felt. It had been torture, trying to get him to leave all the while wanting so desperately to leave with him. Then she did the only thing she knew would successfully get rid of him and hopefully keep him safe… even if she never saw him ever again, that would be better than having to watch his enemies destroy him. She wasn't sure if slapping him had hurt her more or her Alejandro, but either way that was the only way she could think of to keep him safe and get him to leave… not to mention the fact that what he was saying was breaking her heart. She had told him the truth when she said if he didn't know her better than he didn't ever truly know her. If only he hadn't been drunk… And then he couldn't leave well enough alone and simply disappear, no he had to show up the next day in market. He never played polo in his life, and yet he accepted Armond's challenge foolishly. The first time he fell to the ground Elena thought she would run to him and break her cover right there. But she held tight… probably due to the tequila. The second time when he managed to tie Armond she knew she had to do something because if he won she would never be rid of him and watching him lose Zorro would destroy her just as much as it would destroy him, without Zorro, the Alejandro she knew and loved would die without her and Joaquin to keep him above water. She took special measures to make sure he would lose. And then the reason they had fought to begin with got in the way again, just as she was about to tell him everything. When she said, 'we were never meant to be together,' she had been talking to Alejandro but she was sure now that she had been talking about Armond, even if neither of them took it that way at the time. She should have known she could not fool her ex-husband though, after ten years he knew her better than anyone else. And she knew he saw through her even before he said he knew she did not love Armond. And then he would still be in the way when she was trying to get information at Armond's that night. She suspected he was spying on her, but now she knew he was simply gleaning his own information. And then Armond had shown up before she had been able to find out just what he knew. Her attitude must have seemed a little strange to Armond, what with kissing him and then saying maybe, but if it kept Alejandro safe… she had no problem with showing her ex-husband that she was independent either way. And then she saw him again the following night, though it had only been less than twelve hours ago now that she thought about it. She had been glad to see him then, it had been nice to fight by his side once again. It was arrogant of her to say she forgave him but she wasn't about to tell him how much she regretted the last three months. Besides, he was being pig headed and it was true, if he had kept his mask on to begin with she never would have ended up his wife… well… that was probably untrue. Since she fell for Zorro the moment their eyes met on her early morning ride so many years ago, and she fell for Don Alejandro before their first dance together not long after. She was hopeless, that was the conclusion she came to. And the pearls were true, she liked pearls… and his ignorance simply reinforced her theory that he did not think. And again, talking about the pearls reminded her of Armond, and that line, 'we were never meant to be together,' she knew then she was talking about Armond. And she suspected that Alejandro knew as well. The feel of his lips on hers again was unlike anything she had ever known. She didn't realize how much she missed the taste of him until he was there and she was there and there was nothing separating them. When they finally broke apart she had meant it literally that he would follow her… he took it to mean forever, and she knew he would. There was no way she would ever escape his clutches again, and she wasn't sure she wanted to. And then their time of spying together was over, she could honestly say it was too short. And when she graced his lips with her own she did not want to let him go, she wanted desperately to remain right there with him… or to go find Joaquin and run away. But she couldn't, that was why she kissed Zorro one last time before leaving… at least she knew she had left the man she loved with a piece of her. And if she were to die tonight at least she would die knowing that Alejandro was still hers and she would forever be his. She hoped she had conveyed that through their short time together those last few minutes. A/N: Again, if you find it in your time to review, please do! Especially after you finish the story, thank you for the time you have already taken to read this little bit![Chapter 3] Disclaimer: As always, I do not own the characters or ideas/references that may lead to whomever owns Zorro. The plot and anything else unrecognizable is mine. A/N: This is the last chapter, please review! Before they rounded the bend where the people were waiting Alejandro stopped her train of thought and her feet as well. He grabbed her arm and pulled her to a halt. \"Alejandro, what are you doing? The people are waiting for you,\" Elena thought that by reminding him of where he was he would come to his senses. He walked in front of her and got down on one knee. \"I have no pearls for you, Princess, but I have my love and I hope that will be enough, will you marry me? Again?\" Elena's heart did somersaults in her chest as she looked down at the only man whom she had loved in that manner. She would be crazy not to take him back! \"If I must,\" she replied, a sly smile working its way across her features. A grin spread across Alejandro's features in turn and he rose only to lower her in a dip and plant a very heated kiss upon her lips. When they broke apart Elena couldn't contain her joy of freedom and love and plain happiness any longer and one could tell by the glow of her face. She had not been this happy in months, since she had lost her husband to Zorro, but he was back. And from the looks of it he was back to stay. Grinning a devilish grin she forced him to let her up and they returned to the people together, Joaquin ran to his mother and hugged Zorro as any grateful son would do. Tornado returned to his friend and Zorro took his place upon the stage, but in his heart he was Don Alejandro de la Vega, down in the crowd, with his family… the only true place where he belonged. A/N: Again, thank you for taking the time to read this little story and if you could find the extra couple of minutes to review, please do so! ","Summary":" Disclaimer: As always, I do not own the characters or ideas/references that may lead to whomever ow"},{"Movie":"Pan","Title":"Our Little Secret","Author":"Outsiders Obsessor","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13222978","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Our Little Secret Disclaimer: I do not own any of the canon characters; they belong originally to J.M. Barrie and in this universe to Joe Wright of Warner Brothers. Based on the drabble prompt: \" This was fun. Let's do it again sometime.\" Word Count: 212 The exhilaration rushing through James Hook's veins can, for once, be described as pure excitement. Today has been a rather relaxing day, a time for the sandy-haired miner to let his guard down. With Peter busy in the Fairy Kingdom, Tiger Lily offers to show Hook something on the condition he doesn't tell Peter. \"Our secret,\" she winks, her grey eyes teasing Hook almost more than he can bear. Hook nods in agreement and lets the once Princess now Chief lead him up a winding trail. The reveal of her surprise is absolutely breathtaking. At the top of a cliff, the sun soars above the pair, painting the sky a brilliant shade of gold. Below their feet lies a rushing waterfall that tumbles over the edge of the cliff and deposits into a crystal lake. \"Do not worry. There are no crocodiles,\" Tiger Lily assures him. That is the only warning James Hook gets before she grasps his hand and throws them both over the side. They spend the entire day cliff-diving and swimming in the lake before watching the sunset together. \"This was fun. Let's do it again sometime,\" she whispers, standing on her tiptoes to press a kiss to Hook's cheek. \"Yes, ma'am,\" Hook blushes furiously as his eyes soften. Author's Note: Day Two of the March drabble challenge is complete! I hope you all like my second contribution to the Pan fandom! I really enjoy the creativity this style of writing gives me in addition to the challenge of trying to fit in not only a prompt but a believable story line in only 200 words! As you can see, I went twelve words over the double drabble limit, but I can't help it since Tiger Lily and Hook are such a sweet pairing! Anyway, I hope you all enjoyed this double drabble! As always, reviews are greatly appreciated. Have an amazing, day, afternoon, or night, my dear readers! Until next time! ","Summary":" Our Little Secret Disclaimer: I do not own any of the canon characters; they belong originally to J"},{"Movie":"Pan","Title":"Only One Pan","Author":"newbienovelistRD","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12221053","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Peter was just practicing his flying skills when he crashed into Hook and Lily talking. The two were definitely falling more and more in love with each day. \"Fly boy where did you come from?\" James asked. \"I was just practicing my flying.\" Peter smiled. \"Well, could ya do it somewhere else?\" James said, in a somewhat annoyed manner. \"Why? What did I do?\" James gave him a semi-annoyed look again and Lilly giggled, signaling they were having some alone time. \"Oh gross.\" Peter growled, now standing up and walking away. \"Peter, wait. You can come and sit with us for a while if you want,\" Lily offered, but Peter just shook his head and kept walking. He knew they liked each other, but he was feeling left out when they would always do things and he was never invited. It was because he was a small boy and he didn't understand love yet, but he didn't realize this. But the next day took the cake! He was about to go and ask them if they wanted to go swimming, but he walked in the moment they shared a small kiss. James turned just in time to see Peter angrily storm out. \"Hey! Peter where're you goin'?!\" \"I think he may be a bit jealous James.\" Tiger Lily said softly. \"Probably. I better go talk to him.\" James replied, now planting a small kiss on her lips and then getting up and following where Peter went. He looked everywhere, but he couldn't find Peter anywhere. It was getting late and he needed to find him since there were so many creepy beasts in the forest. \"Peter where are you?!\" He called out. No answer. \"Peter quit playin' kid! Come out!\" No answer. \"Peter if you OW!\" James growled, now feeling an apple hit him on the head. He looked up and saw Peter picking some apples from the top of a tree. \"There you are! Get down here!\" \"Go away!\" \"Peter, c'mon it's getting late.\" James said, now climbing up after him. \"I'm gathering apples for the village.\" Peter replied angrily. \"You need to come on down; those strange birds are everywhere.\" \"I'm fine! I have my knife!\" \"Peter quit poutin'!\" \"What are you talkin' about?!\" \"You know what I mean. You're jealous because of me and Lily.\" James chuckled. Peter rolled his eyes, but he suddenly gasped when he felt James grab his ankle and begin to pull him down. \"Hey! Let go James!\" \"Nope! Not til we talk kid.\" He smiled, now pulling him down on the ground with him. He then held Peter in a big hug and Peter could only sit there quietly, knowing he wasn't strong enough to break free. \"Give up?\" \"Let go!\" \"Nope.\" James smiled, now wiggling his fingers into the boy's side! His eyes popped wide open and he began giggling and squirming, trying to get free of his friend! \"STAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAP! LEHEEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHET GO!\" \"Not til someone stops being jealous,\" he chuckled. Within a few minutes, he let the boy go and threw him gently on the soft grass. \"Now c'mon kiddo. Don't worry about me and Tiger Lily. We will always have time for you!\" \"Promise?\" Peter asked softly. \"Yep, remember there is only one Pan.\" James chuckled, now gently hugging him. Even though he and Peter didn't always see eye to eye, they were the best of friends. At least for now. guestsurprise: This was to complete a request done for a few reviewers who wanted more of Pan. :) Hey guys! I think I am going to start a new Sci-Fi series from a series called Galaxy High! It was a very cool show from the 80s or 90s and it was so cool to watch! You would enjoy it if you saw it! :) ","Summary":" Peter was just practicing his flying skills when he crashed into Hook and Lily talking. The two wer"},{"Movie":"Pan","Title":"Beneath The Colors","Author":"JRDragonfly","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12931704","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Red eyes, so quietly shimmering. The pain they held, the longing. The desperate plea for release. He reached out and gently cupped the boy's cheek with his hand. A fatherly caress. The boy held the man's gaze with eyes as clear and clean as the skies. He had expected his death to be more violent and sudden. A boy swinging down from the skies with savages at his back, crowing like a mad-man, brandishing a sword. Yet this flying boy had come like any other orphan. And yet the faerie blood within him had ceased Peter's fall to the canyon floor. Mercy had seen in itself to be merciful, in order to grant Blackbeard his demise. This is the end at last, he thought, not unsatisfied. The boy held the sword across open palms, where Blackbeard had placed it. But he made no move to thrust, to run him through. \"Have you come to kill me, Peter?\" Blackbeard's voice was soft, trembling. Fighting the fear back from his tone, Peter told Blackbeard \"I don't believe in bedtime stories.\" Such rash words , Blackbeard thought. This is your chance, boy. But he said naught. After a moment's pause, he smiled through the tears in his eyes, relenting. There was a soft swirl of disappointment in his chest. Peter stared at him, wide-eyed, expectant but knowing not what for. \"There are no second chances from me,\" Blackbeard mused, turning away. \"Yet fate has deemed you worthy of life.\" He stared at the chocolates placed so tantalizingly upon their glass tower. A temptation for children, but an ugly thing to him. Sweet children, you are so simple. He looked over at Peter, who was watching him. His eyes drifted to the sword still in the boy's hands. \"Care for more chocolate?\" Blackbeard tilted his head towards the candies in a friendly manner. Peter swallowed as his mouth began to salivate. \"Yes, please.\" He stared to step forward, then stopped, blinking uncertainly at the sword. Blackbeard stepped up to Peter. \"Put it here,\" he said gently. He touched his chest, where his heart would be. Peter stiffened. \"I have lived too long in this world,\" Blackbeard told him. \"And you would not hesitate if you knew what I have done.\" He sank to his knees in front of Peter, staring into his eyes. \"End me. Please.\" \"End yourself!\" Peter shouted. He threw the sword to the ground and stared to run to the cabin door, but Blackbeard lunged and caught Peter around the ankles. They both crashed to the ground. \"Ow! Get off me!\" Peter squirmed, kicking out at Blackbeard's face. His left foot hit Blackbeard's nose with a wet crunch, and it began to bleed. Blackbeard grunted and released Peter. Blackbeard stood up slowly, repositioning his wig, and watched Peter jerk on the door handle. \"'Tis locked, son. And I have the key.\" \"I'm not your son!\" Peter snapped. He kicked the door heatedly. \"I'm not your father, no…\" Blackbeard sighed. His eyes scanned Peter's thin form, his pale legs. A small gash had opened up on Peter's knee from where he hit the floor, and blood was running down in bright ribbons. Blackbeard felt a pang of guilt. \"But I am the reason you became orphaned.\" \"You-\" Peter grasped for comprehension. \"You killed my mother?\" Blackbeard whispered \" Yes.\" His eyes were full of tears once more. \"I'll kill you!\" Peter screamed. He ran at Blackbeard, who spread his arms wide. Peter rammed into his chest and began beating Blackbeard with his fists. Unperturbed, Blackbeard closed his eyes and wrapped his large arms around the boy. \"No!\" Peter cried. \"Let me go! Let me go!\" He squirmed like a rabbit in a snare. Blackbeard held him tight, tears running from his eyes to mingle with the blood from his nose only to drip from his beard and into Peter's hair. \"That's it, Peter,\" Blackbeard cooed. \"Let it all out.\" Soon the boy was exhausted and he began sobbing into Blackbeard's clothes. The old pirate captain stroked the boy's hair, shushing him gently. \"Why did you do it?\" Came Peter's muffled voice. \"I was in love with her,\" Blackbeard said. He loosened his arms from around the boy and was inwardly delighted when Peter didn't thrash immediately away from him. Instead, Peter looked up at him with wide eyes, the way a boy would look at his father during story time. Blackbeard looked back at Peter and was hurt by the tears in Peter's eyes. \"Shh, now.\" Blackbeard wiped Peter's eyes with his sleeve. \"I loved her very much,\" he went on. \"But her affair with a faerie was forbidden, and brought about the death of them both. I played my part in it, yes, but it was never my intent to hurt her.\" Peter's eyes traveled around the room until he caught sight of the sword, glistening in the yellow afternoon light filtering in through the old ship's windows. He at last pushed away from Blackbeard's arms and straightened up, to his utmost height. \"Do I look like her? Do I look like my mother?\" He demanded. Blackbeard wiped a lingering tear from Peter's cheek with his thumb. \"Yes,\" he said softly. \"In your eyes.\" He looked at the way the boy was standing, the stubbornness, the naivety. \"You do.\" Although Blackbeard was standing, it seemed to Peter that he was once again on his knees, defeated and broken. He hesitated before speaking. \"Why do you want to die so badly?\" \"The prophecy has spoken. You are the one to kill me. Why must we drag things on and on, until you realize the truth for yourself? End me here and now, and Neverland will be yours. All of it.\" \"What if I don't want Neverland?\" \"You don't know what you're saying.\" Blackbeard shook his head. \"This is a marvelous place, full of beauty and-\" He stopped speaking. A mischievous glint flickered in his eyes. \"Would you like to see more of it?\" \"You would show me?\" Peter asked slowly. \"Of course,\" Blackbeard said, rather cheerfully. \"Oh… Well…\" Peter shuffled his feet, then noticed the gash on his leg. \"Oh, bollocks.\" \"Let me help you,\" Blackbeard approached and knelt. \"It was my fault anyway.\" Peter held still while the pirate carefully washed off his leg and bandaged his knee. \"You're bleeding, too,\" Peter muttered. Blackbeard touched his nose and it was sticky and wet. \"Yes, I am.\" He forced a chuckle. \"Thank you, boy, for reminding me. I must look quite dreadful to you.\" He went to the wash basin near his bed and washed his face. As Blackbeard patted his face with a towel, Peter crept over and picked up the sword from the ground. He killed my mother, Peter thought. Yes, but he also gave you chocolates and bandaged your leg. He seems nice enough. No! He kills children for no good goddamn reason! He wanted to kill me! He's a dirty hateful pirate! \"Peter…\" Peter flinched and looked up to see Blackbeard facing him. \"It's alright.\" Blackbeard gave a small smile. He unfastened his dress and removed it, laying it on the bed. Beneath it he wore a dingy white shirt, which the sleeves had been cut off, and faded black trousers. Aside from his well-groomed facial hair and wig, Blackbeard could have nearly passed as one of the over-grown miner orphans. \"What are you doing?\" Peter kept the sword hilt tight in his fist, but his arm was shaking. \"It will be easier for you now.\" Peter said nothing, nor did he move. \"Life… life has always been difficult for you, hasn't it Peter?\" Blackbeard sat down just on the edge of the bed. \"It needn't always be this way. I am sorry, for taking your family away from you. Here is your chance now for things to… sail more smoothly from now on.\" \"Your men will kill me if I kill you.\" Peter growled. \"No,\" Blackbeard shook his head. \"No, Peter . You can fly. Open the window and be free! You needn't fear anything or anyone, ever again.\" \"I'm not afraid of anything!\" Peter retorted. \"You no longer are afraid of me?\" Blackbeard asked curiously. \"I don't want to kill you,\" Peter said at last. \"Maybe we can work out some sort of deal?\" Blackbeard was intrigued. \"Perhaps, dear boy. What do you have in mind?\" He crossed his legs casually. \"Release the orphans.\" \"Come now, Peter-\" \"And I will live here as your son.\" Blackbeard's words left him. He stared at Peter. A son… a true son . \"You don't know what you're offering, boy.\" \"Yes, I do. Just release the-\" \" I need pixum , Peter.\" His lips trembled, tears trickled from his eyes. A youth so tender before him offering to be his son, it was so sweet, so innocent. The offer had sparked something inside of him, and Blackbeard was stirred to tears. To release the orphans would mean no more pixum, and his life would be cut dramatically short. His time with Peter, his child, would be heart-breakingly brief. Peter frowned. \"Why do you need it?\" \"It… it keeps me young. It keeps me alive .\" To help prove his point, Blackbeard grabbed his hair and tugged until the wig was removed. He bowed his head to Peter, exposing his baldness. \"I… I am quite old, Peter. Pixum keeps me youthful. Like a child.\" He grinned with gold and silver teeth. \"I will find you more,\" Peter promised. \"If you release the orphans.\" \"And you'll stay with me?\" Peter nodded. Blackbeard laughed. \"Jolly good!\" He clapped his hands together. \"You have yourself a deal, my boy!\" He held out his hand to Peter, who shook it. \"Thank you, Peter.\" Blackbeard clasped his other hand on top of Peter's. Happy tears dripped from his eye lashes. \"Thank you, son.\" Peter felt a wave of dizziness pass over him. Was he, too, happy in this moment? Now that he was to be this man's son? Or had he just made the biggest mistake of his young life? He didn't know, but when Blackbeard pulled him forward into a hug, Peter didn't resist. He dropped the sword and hugged him back, and didn't want to let go. ","Summary":" Red eyes, so quietly shimmering. The pain they held, the longing. The desperate plea for release. H"},{"Movie":"Pan","Title":"Dust and Ashes","Author":"Hawki","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12854892","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dust and Ashes The pirates searched for fairy dust, By order of Blackbeard. The natives, they were \"savages,\" But their master more they feared. … They left their war galley behind, Into jungle, the group trod. They were in a land of madness now, Beyond the sight of gods. … From many worlds they'd been brought here, To this place called Neverland. Against their cannons, swords and muskets, Against them few could stand. … But our tribes are a crafty lot, And we hid in the trees. Could bring the strongest pirates down, Leave them quivering at the knees. … The pirates continued onwards, Around edge of a small bay. Chart it, take any fairy dust, And any natives slay. … Eyes focused on the jungle near, They did not see the water. Did not see pod of mermaids rise, Ready to start the slaughter. … Two pirates felled by throwing spears, They turned to fire back. But then a war cry from the jungle, Their foes began attack. … Battle was joined upon the beach, Under a moonless night. The pirates fought and stood their ground, But soon was lost the fight. … Only one pirate survived, Forced to kneel in the sand. The tribe's war leader, he strode forth, The one we call the Pan. … \"Tell Blackbeard he cannot win,\" \"That our strength he can't withstand.\" \"Your kind is not welcome here,\" \"Begone from Neverland.\" … The pirate nodded, turned and fled, He departed through the night. He made it back to his fel captain, Told Blackbeard of the fight. … \"The natives seek to test me?\" He asked with trace of ire. \"Assemble all our war gallies,\" \"To the jungle bring our fire.\" … For so long the battle has been waged, Bodies decay, swords, they rust. All for one man's immortality, All for fairy dust. … So say we, children of this world, A story long we've told. For there are things within this place, Worth even more than gold. … But one day we shall prevail, Neverland shall be freed. But that day is long from now, And for it all shall bleed. ","Summary":" Dust and Ashes The pirates searched for fairy dust, By order of Blackbeard. The natives, they were "},{"Movie":"Pan","Title":"Straight On Till Morning","Author":"Hawki","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11605551","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N It's perhaps fair to say that the film Pan didn't, er, pan out. That most saw it as more of a lilly than a tiger, and that it never landed with audiences, failing to hook them into the story. Bad puns aside, I actually did like it, though I'm not unaware of its flaws. As much as I liked the characters, as undeveloped some of them were, I'm left to ask how Peter in the film would become \"the boy who never grew up\" (when his entire arc actually encompasses him growing up) and how James \"I want to be Indiana Jones\" Hook would end up being Captain James Hook. Shame we'll never find out. So yes, drabbled this up. Straight On Till Morning There was a rhythm to this. A dance, almost. One with words, yet without melody. A rhythm that could change at a moment's notice, yet always be part of the same song. Hook was the conductor – rapier in one hand, and in the other, nothing, by virtue of that hand being the captain's namesake. A captain who, right now, was engaged with his nemesis in Blackbeard's mines. The place where it had all began. The place where it would end. \"Green tights, Peter? I always thought you looked so good in grey!\" Hook seemed to be enjoying this, Peter reflected. The Lost Boys had attacked the Roger – no more pixum would ever be taken from this place. Blackbeard's legacy would be buried in the caverns that he'd created, and now, there was only one pirate in Neverland to worry about. \"Avast!\" He dodged another blow, his feet never touching the ground as their battle took them through the tunnels. Yes, he thought, Hook was certainly enjoying this. And part of him was too. The thrill of danger. The joy of flight. \"Too scared to strike, Peter? Are you a coward?\" And the enjoyment diminished. \"I'm not a coward!\" He thrust forward with his dagger, only for Hook to lock the blade with his hook, and to send the rapier on a collision course with his chest. Only at the last second did Peter avoid the blow. His body was carried back in his flight. I'm not a coward. \"Remember this place?\" Hook asked. Peter remained silent. There was a time when he would have run. This time was different. He was no longer a child. \"I do.\" He gestured with his rapier. \"You have no idea, you know. What it's like to be a slave.\" \"I don't, but-\" Hook thrust his sword forward. And Peter let out a cry as it tore through his flesh. The blade only pierced the side of his stomach, and not enough to do any damage. Yet still deep enough to draw blood. He staggered backwards. And for a moment, Hook seemed shocked. As if until now, he hadn't even understood what he'd been doing. As if unsure of what he intended to do. But only for a moment. And the dance continued. It moved into syncopation, as Hook's movements became faster, and Peter's slower. Hook quickened his pace even further, as he pressed his advantage. What's happening? He was Peter Pan. There wasn't a single Lost Boy who could best him. Even Tiger Lilly asked him for advice on how to wield a weapon. Why can't I hit him? He tried to attack Hook with his dagger. He'd long since favoured this weapon – his ability to fly had granted him superior agility and speed to any foe, and he didn't want to be weighed down by anything heavier. But his ability to fly had long since been…muted, somehow. Harder. Slower. Less joyful. What's happening to me? He didn't know. But he continued the dance, as Hook advanced. As the duel led them through the mines, long since abandoned by the pirates, and the slaves they'd once lorded over. How many people had died here, Peter wondered? How many lives had been snuffed out? Does there have to be another one? \"You said we'd always be friends,\" Peter protested. His arm ached, his stomach bled, and Hook…Hook looked like he was on the edge of reason. \"You said that nothing would come between us.\" \"I'm an adult. Adults lie.\" Another thrust, and Peter winced as his hand was cut. His dagger fell to the floor. \"But you know all about loyalty don't you?\" Hook laughed. \"Tick, tock, goes the clock.\" \"Yeah, and I'm sure the crocodile would-\" Hook roared, and Peter fell backwards. Hook had won. He could end this right now if he wanted to. But he stood there. As if unable to believe it was over. \"Long time coming, eh, Pan?\" Had it? When had it started 'coming?' Had it begun with the crocodile, when Hook had lost his hand? Or had it begun before? When had Hook crossed the line from friend to enemy? \"Get up,\" Hook said. Peter remained on his backside. \"I said get up!\" His foe's face softened. \"I'll let you die on your feet.\" Peter slowly rose. And wondered. How long, he asked? How long had he been in Neverland? Years? Decades? It all felt like a dream. A very, very long dream. He could recall that there was a time before this. That he had once lived somewhere else. That Blackbeard had once spoken of death being like a dream from which none could awaken. \"Goodbye, Peter.\" Hook thrust his sword forward. And- \"No.\" Peter leapt into the air, and struggled to stay afloat. This isn't right. It had never been this bad. His ability to fly had been reduced, ever since…well, at least since Hook changed. When his world had become less happy. When the dream began taking on elements of a nightmare. When he asked, 'when shall I wake up?' \"Get back here!\" Peter did so. Flying through the air, he grabbed his dagger. He flew around. Flying was easy now. Now, as he felt the anger course through him. As it gave him strength. He yelled the cry of the warrior. The hunter. The nemesis. So many had died here. What did one more matter? Why shouldn't that person be Captain Hook? So he screamed. As did Hook. He avoided his blow and plunged the dagger into his shoulder blade. Hook screamed once more as he dropped his sword. Peter pulled the dagger out and they rolled. Through the tunnel, all the way to the edge. Above them was the sky, of stars beyond even the reach of Neverland. Below them was oblivion. Peter raised the dagger and- No. Left it hanging. And Hook smirked. \"Always knew you had it in you.\" To do what? Peter wondered. To win? \"You're a good fighter. Good killer too.\" He felt his grip on the dagger grow weaker. \"Blackbeard realized that a bit late, didn't he?\" No. But it was true. The fairies had helped him then, but he'd directed them. Blackbeard had operated through his men, as they'd pillaged Neverland. Did that make him any less culpable? \"Go on then,\" Hook sneered. \"Be a man.\" Peter took a step back and sheathed the dagger. \"Never,\" he said. \"What?\" Hook spat. Never , he reflected. He would never do it. He'd come close. Closer than he thought possible. \"I knew it,\" Hook sneered. \"You're still a child.\" \"I am,\" Peter said. And he smiled sadly. \"I'm not like you, Hook. I'm not an adult. And I never will be.\" He took a breath. \"I'll never become you.\" It was the truth, Peter told himself. Adults could lie. Adults could change, and see the world through jaded eyes. But children? He paused. He knew he would fight Hook again. Likely even enjoy it. And…maybe that was what he could take from it. The enjoyment. And to never cross that line into anything else. To go to that place where no child should lead. To leave the dream, and enter nightmare. \"Goodbye, James.\" And he took to the sky. With an ease he had not felt in many a year. He had flown once here. As he had fallen, almost to his death. He glanced back as Hook stood up and watched him. Never even drawing his pistol. As, for one moment, he became less Captain James Hook, and more his first friend in this land. The one who'd saved him. Helped him. Cared for him. He kept flying upwards. Straight on till morning. ","Summary":" A/N It's perhaps fair to say that the film Pan didn't, er, pan out. That most saw it as more of a l"},{"Movie":"Pan","Title":"Tales of Neverland","Author":"newbienovelistRD","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12087499","Passage":"[Chapter 1] guestsurprise did this for pepper040. Enjoy! The water was still and the wind passed over the beautiful rocks and mountains of Neverland. Peter and James looked across the water and gazed at its' beauty. However, Hook noticed that Peter looked solemn. As if something important was on his mind. \"Peter, you know you've been real quiet lately. What's wrong?\" James asked. \"Nothin'.\" \"Kid…\" \"Nothin' James.\" \"Then why do ya keep lookin' like you're about to die any second?\" \"Alright alright. It's because I don't know if I'm ready.\" \"Ready?\" \"You know. Ready to be the legendary Pan everyone wants me to be.\" \"Are you kiddin' me?\" \"I'm serious! We defeated Blackbeard, but James who knows who else is out there! What if there are other pirates that are waiting to kill us?\" \"Peter you've got nothin' to be freaked about. You've been doing fine since you got here kid.\" \"I don't know about that…\" \"What?\" \"James. I overheard some of the natives. Even Tiger Lily thinks I'm still very young to be the protector of the island.\" \"Oh does she now?\" James said, rolling his eyes as he laid down on his back in the soft grass. \"Yes. She said I need training.\" \"Training? Like what?\" \"I need to train my body for battle, like doing these pull ups.\" Peter said as he grabbed a limb hanging down from a nearby tree and began pulling himself up and down on it. James cocked a curious brow and watched him. \"Are you serious right now?\" \"Of…course,\" Peter grunted. James then noticed Peter was beginning to strain and sweat. \"Hey, that's enough! Let go of that tree kid.\" He said, now sitting up. \"No…I gotta keep going.\" Peter huffed, trying to keep up his strength. \"Kid, let go before you hurt yourself!\" \"NO!\" \"Peter!\" \"I said no!\" James growled and then stood up on his feet. He walked slowly over to Peter and began to rake his fingers down Peter's exposed armpits! Peter's eyes widened in shock and horror! \"WHAT?! STOHOHOHOHOHOHOP!\" \"Then let go of the branch.\" James said, clearly appearing like he wasn't going to stop anytime soon. \"Go away James!\" Peter giggled, trying to continue his training. \"Not til you let go.\" \"Stohohohohohohohohhohohohohohohohohohohhohohohohop!\" \"Let gooooooooooooooooo Peter,\" Hook sang, clearly amused by the boy's persistence and struggle. Finally, Peter let go and James caught him mid-fall. He carefully sat the giggling boy back down in the soft grass and turned Peter's face towards him. \"Now look. I know you want to be the best, but you're still young. Enjoy being a kid while you can Peter. It doesn't last forever.\" \"I know that. But I want to do all I can now.\" \"And you are; you can begin by just being you and enjoying your youth. You can train with Tiger Lily later. Right now enjoy your new home.\" James smiled gently. Peter smiled back and gave him a hug, much to the older man's shock. \"Alright alright, don't go gettin' mushy kid.\" James said, fixing his shirt. \"Well you were the one saying that I needed to loosen up,\" Peter teased, now grabbing Hook's shirt and causing him to fall over even more. \"Hey! Cut it out kid!\" James chuckled, now reaching up to grab him. \"You mentioned youth? It appears the old man cannot catch the youth now!\" Peter teased again, now sticking out his tongue. \"Oh you're gonna regret that kid. Take it back!\" \"Nope!\" \"I said take it back kid!\" \"Not in your life Mr. James!\" Peter laughed. He then let out a yell in shock as Hook literally jumped to his feet and took off after Peter. Peter immediately tried to fly away, but he felt the older man grab his foot! \"You gotta land sometime flyboy!\" \"Let go Hook! This isn't fair!\" Peter laughed, trying to fly higher. \"I think it's perfectly fair!\" Hook replied, trying to pull him down to the ground. He then gently let his nails rake across Peter's foot and the young boy sent a howl of laughter through the air! \"AH! AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA OH MY WORD STOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOP!\" Peter cackled out. He could no longer concentrate and with a mighty tug from James, Peter went crashing into the soft trampoline the natives created. \"Now for some payback kid!\" James chuckled as he dove onto the trampoline and managed to wrap his arms around the giggling boy's waist and upper chest. For the rest of the night, the natives could only smile at the sound of Peter squealing in glee as he was tickled and rough housing with his best friend James Hook. guestsurprise: This was done for a fan. I hope you enjoyed it! ;) ","Summary":" guestsurprise did this for pepper040. Enjoy! The water was still and the wind passed over the beaut"},{"Movie":"Pan","Title":"A Day with a Fairy","Author":"newbienovelistRD","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12103012","Passage":"[Chapter 1] guestsurprise did this one! Enjoy! Adora was as shocked as she could be! She was saved by Peter Pan from Captain Hook and was brought to Neverland temporarily. Because Peter was uncertain about girls, he decided to leave her in the hands of Tinker Bell, who was NOT happy about a girl being on the island. We already know how she had to warm up to Wendy so it was not going to be easy! She had a new dress that she was anxious to show Peter and now a new girl showed up! The dress was a little above her knees and shiny! \"I-I don't think she likes me,\" Adora said as the angry fairy stared at her. \"Oh Tink's not so bad. She will show you around. By the way, nice dress Tink!\" Peter smiled, gently nudging her towards the fairy. After Peter flew away, Adora saw Tinker Bell give her an angry look and roll her eyes. Adora cowered a bit and then saw Tinker Bell blow some fairy dust on her! She screamed and tried to run, but before she knew it, she was shrinking to the size of Tinker Bell herself. After a few minutes, she looked around and saw that Tinker Bell was standing next to her, still looking upset. \"No! Don't hurt me! I didn't mean to cause trouble!\" Adora screeched as she ran and tried to run, but Tinker Bell flew down and picked her up under her arms and flew her to safety in a tree. Once inside the tree, Adora saw that all of the items in there looked like the inside of a sewing kit. Little did she know it was the same sewing kit that Wendy had in her house. She gave it to Tinker Bell for a present to help sew up any clothes the lost boys may have had. While she was exploring, Tinker Bell could clearly see that the young girl was frightened beyond belief. Her face softened a bit, but when she walked over to the young girl, Adora squeaked and tried to find a way out of the tree. Tinker Bell motioned for her to calm down, but the girl was still afraid. She managed to hide under some soft leaves and Tinker Bell chuckled at her attempts to hide. Tinker Bell gently knelt down and stuck her head under the leaves and got a glimpse of the girl's foot. She gently let her nails run down her sole, making the girl squeal and jump back out of the other side. In desperation, Adora saw the key hole that seemed to be a \"back door\" to the tree! She managed to slip out and Tinker Bell looked just in time to see her escaping. Not willing to let her escape and be terrified of fairies, Tinker Bell tried to get out the key hole too, but she once again got stuck! She squirmed, but she definitely needed help. Adora heard the squirming and looked to see Tinker Bell was trapped. Tinker Bell gave her hand motions and a pleading look, begging her not to run away. She didn't want Adora to feel afraid of them! Adora immediately ran around the other way and grabbed a hold of Tinker Bell's foot. She then felt Tinker Bell giggle because her currently bare feet were ticklish. Adora giggled and began to tickle them. The fairy began squirming more and wiggling her feet and toes playfully, trying to escape the mischievous one attacking her feet. \"Hey! You're tickling me!\" Tinker Bell cried out. Adora was shocked! This was the first time she heard the fairy speak! She began backing up but Tinker Bell squirmed and tried to pull herself free. \"Don't run away; come back!\" \"I-I…\" \"Where are you Adora?\" Tinker Bell asked, now having a feeling the girl was trying to ease away. \"I-I…\" \"I'm not going to hurt you,\" Tinker Bell grunted, trying to get free. \"C'mere Adora…I don't bite I promise.\" \"Well…\" \"Help me get free so we can talk honey. I can't see you in this position,\" And with those words Adora giggled feeling Tinker Bell wiggle her toes playfully in Adora's stomach to prove a point. \"Ok, but if my tactic doesn't work…\" \"It will work now c'mon honey…\" Tinker Bell responded, eagerly trying to pull her upper body out of the key hole. Suddenly, she felt Adora tickle her thighs and legs! That made her squeal with laughter and soon the fairy came tumbling out of the hole. The girls rolled together in a heap and landed in the corner. Tinker Bell turned and lifted the blanket off of Adora. \"Adora? Are you alright?\" She asked softly. Adora gently shook her head to regain her senses and saw the fairy gently looking at her. She almost jumped to her feet, but with some fairy dust Adora was back on the floor. \"Now easy Adora. I know I can be a little jealous sometimes, but I would never harm you.\" \"Well, I…\" \"And I think some payback is due.\" Tinker Bell giggled, now using her nails to gently tickle Adora under her arms and on her stomach. \"AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA P-Please!\" \"Are you better now?\" She giggled. \"YEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHHEEHEHS!\" \"No more running from me?\" \"YEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHHEHEHEHEHEHEHHEHEHEHEHEHEHHEHS!\" When Adora started coughing, Tinker Bell let her up and held her gently on her lap. \"Now come. Let's go get some lunch and I will teach you how to fly.\" Tinker Bell smiled, now helping he younger girl to stand up. \"Ok! Let's go!\" Adora smiled, now hugging her new friend. And with those words, they ran off to have some fun in the Neverland forest. guestsurprise: Hope you enjoyed it! It was just an idea I had! ","Summary":" guestsurprise did this one! Enjoy! Adora was as shocked as she could be! She was saved by Peter Pan"},{"Movie":"Pan","Title":"We All Have Our Scars","Author":"Outsiders Obsessor","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13001847","Passage":"[Chapter 1] We All Have Our Scars Disclaimer: I do not own any of the canon characters from Pan; they belong originally to J.M. Barrie and in this universe to Joe Wright of Warner Brothers. This story is purely meant for entertainment purposes, as no monetary gain is made off this one-shot. Please see the Author's Note for further notes. He always thought it was just an expression. \"I'm gonna beat you till you're black and blue.\" James Hook has heard such an expression an innumerable amount of times in his life, mostly down in Blackbeard's mines. Typically, Hook was suave and smooth enough to talk himself out of many potential fights and beatings. However, in the nearly twenty years since James Hook was first brought to the mines at the tender age of ten, he has been in hundreds of fights, each one more painful than the last. And yet, at this moment, Hook is confident he has never felt pain more unbearable than the current sensation shooting through nearly every part of his body. \"Take Peter to the native camp, they said,\" Hook groans, stumbling and favoring one leg more than he'd like to admit. \"It'll be fun, they said,\" he continues in a sarcastic tone, practically limping and feeling a little worse for wear. Okay, \"a little\" is definitely an understatement, but James Hook has never allowed himself to admit when he is gravely injured or in intolerable pain. (Such an action would have gotten him killed in the mines, or, at the very least, he wouldn't have the strength to fight off anyone who tried to steal his food.) And so, not much one for wandering around the Neverwood, especially when injured, Hook takes a minute to catch his breath before continuing to stagger back to Tiger Lily's camp. Through a rather draining process of stops and starts, Hook finally makes it back to camp, dragging his left foot behind the rest of his body. \"Just ten more steps,\" Hook speaks aloud to himself, panting from exhaustion at this point, his eyelids growing heavier by the second. \"Ten more steps,\" he repeats again for clarity's sake, trying to keep the fog in his mind at bay. By the time James Hook reaches his make-shift tent on the outskirts of the village, he feels like he is on the verge of collapsing and suffering permanent exhaustion. Wincing as he sits on his makeshift mattress, the sandy-haired miner begins to wonder how badly damaged his back and arms are, as pain spirals and shoots from those two regions almost as if he had fallen out of a towering tree recently. Oh, wait. He had. Over the past four days since meeting Peter, James Hook has been roughly thrown in jail, fallen from a great height when trying to reach the SkyPort, crashed in a shipwreck, outran a Neverbird, got thoroughly pummeled by the Pan, was punched by Bishop, was thrown around a second ship, barely escaped a crocodile attack, and… \"Oh, right. That would be why my muscles feel like they were put through a meat grinder,\" Hook sighs, barely managing to stretch his muscles without excruciating pain. \"Well, best be checkin' the damage,\" he says to himself in a whisper, almost afraid someone may hear. Showing weakness in the mines meant practically condemning yourself to death, and since Hook spent nearly twenty years in the mines, he has hardened himself into a man who cannot show any outward pain markers or sense of fear. With slow movements, he begins to gently unbutton his vest before tossing it on the floor and then starting to peel his sweat-soaked shirt off. His chest alone is bloodied and covered in bruises of various sizes, hues, and pain levels. \"Black and blue,\" Hook breathes out, noticing how true the expression actually is. \"Well, I'll be…\" he trails off, deciding to check the rest of his body for injuries as well. The sandy-haired miner cringes as he chances a look over his shoulder, as his back is equally- if not more- bruised and bloodied than his chest appears. Barely managing to curb his instinct to touch or poke the bruises, James Hook turns back around, gently lowering himself onto the mattress and staring up at the stars above him, all the while feeling pain shoot through his body even as he merely breathes. Without realizing it, Hook falls into a deep slumber, the four days of adrenaline and adventure beginning to wear off and take their toll on him. Peter, ever the resilient fairy Prince he is, comes into the tent he shares with Hook until they can build separate, secure shelters, and prepares to sneak up on the miner. However, the sight that greets Peter is not one the young boy expected, nor one he ever wanted to see. James Hook lies on his back, ragged gasps escaping his lips as he struggles to breathe amidst the constant pain. The sight that makes Peter's stomach churn is the collection and collage of black and blue bruises coloring Hook's chest and the scrapes tinged in yellow that linger on the older male's face. Peter lets out a shaky breath, all the color draining from his face before the lad turns on his heel and begins to run as fast as his legs can carry him. \"Tiger Lily!\" Peter practically howls, thumping through the bushes and earning himself a few nasty cuts for his recklessness. \"Tiger Lily!\" the fairy Prince shouts once more, nearly crashing into the famed female warrior in the process. \"Peter, what is it?\" Tiger Lily inquires, kneeling down to look the startled boy in his crystal blue eyes. \"You run as if you are being chased by an entire flock of Neverbirds,\" she remarks, her keen eyes quickly conducting a perimeter sweep in the process. \"It's Hook!\" Peter blurts out, pausing a brief moment to catch his breath. \"Hook, he- he's hurt really bad, Tiger Lily! I don't know what to do!\" the twelve-year-old boy admits, pain and concern laced on every inch of his face. \"Take me to him,\" Tiger Lily gently commands, slipping into her own shelter and grabbing a bag of what Peter can only hope are medical supplies. Fueled by the adrenaline of the past four days and concern for his new-found friend, Peter begins to soar through the air, determining that flying is the quickest mode of transportation. When they reach the tent, Hook is in the same condition and the same position, as it would ache entirely too much for the miner to roll over in his sleep. Peter descends to the ground, tears welling up in his eyes as he leads Tiger Lily in. He had just made friends with this rather boisterous, incredibly brave man, and Peter doesn't want to lose him just as quickly. Looking behind him, Peter notices that Tiger Lily approaches Hook's limp form slowly, but with a clear purpose about her. The female warrior kneels down beside where Hook is lying on the makeshift mattress. She takes what feels like an eternity to Peter to examine the injuries on Hook's chest and face before beginning to speak. \"Peter, I will need plenty of water. Can you please fill this jug for me? There should be a stream not far from here,\" Tiger Lily gently instructs, knowing that she will need to mix her cure with water and that Peter needs the distraction to keep his mind from wandering to terrible conclusions regarding Hook's state. Peter dutifully runs towards the stream, carrying the empty jug in his arms like it is the most precious commodity in the entire world. Tiger Lily smiles after the boy, pleased to see his friendship with James Hook is not the least bit tarnished after the fight with Blackbeard. With Peter out of the way, Tiger Lily is free to begin to most grueling phase of her task. Hook wakes to a harsh popping in his shoulder, and the sandy-haired man jolts upright, screaming his lungs out and swearing worse than a sailor in a storm. \"Hook, you must relax,\" Tiger Lily's calm voice breaks through the red haze of pain currently controlling Hook's five senses. \" Relax?\" James Hook nearly yells, his vision swimming and his voice feeling hoarse as he blinks rapidly to try and adjust to the light of the lantern Tiger Lily must have brought with her. \"Tiger Lily, how can I relax when you popped my arm outta socket?!\" he demands, wincing as a fresh bout of pain overtakes his shoulder. \"I did no such thing,\" Tiger Lily assures, standing upright with her arms crossed on her chest. \"I put your shoulder back into place,\" the Princess states simply, glaring at Hook with the calm anger only she possesses. \"I take it you did not know that you dislocated your shoulder?\" she questions, sitting in front of Hook with her feet tucked under her. \"No, ma'am. I did not,\" Hook admits, meeting Tiger Lily's gaze and realizing just how awkward the current situation truly is. \"Knew my shoulder was in pain somethin' fierce, but figured it was account of the brusin',\" he continues, testing the extent of movement he can now complete with his bruised shoulder. \"Much better, thank ya,\" James smiles in a charming way, moving to tip his hat that is no longer there before remembering the fedora is lost. \"Now, if you don't mind, Princess, I believe I'll be puttin' on a shirt so as not to sully your reputation.\" At this point in time, Hook barely manages to push himself off the mattress as his muscles and joints alike protest. Tiger Lily, ever responsive with her lightning reflexes, stands and places her calloused hands on James Hook's bare, muscular, bruised chest. \"My, my Princess. How forward of you,\" Hook smirks in that devilishly handsome way of his that could make almost any girl swoon. \"You are injured,\" Tiger Lily states nonchalantly, taking a step closer to the man who had been trapped by the mines and Blackbeard's ambition for twenty years. \"Let me help you.\" \"If the lady insists,\" Hook states with a smug expression gracing his lips in the process. Due to such brash forwardness, Tiger Lily feels perfectly entitled to the right to shove James Hook backwards, and she watches him stagger with a smile. Noting the distance from the shelter to the stream and back again, Tiger Lily muses she has five minutes to finish tending to Hook's worst injuries before Peter returns with the water. \"Where's the kid?\" Hook inquires, almost as if he is breaking into Tiger Lily's thought. \"I sent him for supplies. He was terrified when he found you alone with so many bruises,\" Tiger Lily reveals, finding a scrape on Hook's face caused from his fight with the Pan that would need stitches. \"Ain't that the truth. I nearly screamed—Ow!\" Hook begins to speak before reacting to when Tiger Lily begins to feel around the scrape on his forehead. \"Nearly screamed myself when them pirates almost killed us multiple times,\" he admits, a hiss soon overtaking his lips. \"Will you quit that?\" Hook growls out as Tiger Lily touches the scrape once more to feel for signs of infection. \"I cannot,\" Tiger Lily truthfully admits, reaching down to procure what looks like a needle by the light of the lantern in Hook's eyes. \"You will need stitches, James Hook,\" she reveals, beginning to thread the needle while Hook swallows the lump in his throat. \"Yippee, the day gets better,\" Hook sarcastically comments, wishing for all the world he had a hat to cover his eyes with. \"The needle is thick and blunt, I must apologize,\" Tiger Lily warns as she angles her body to face Hook. \"Are you prepared?\" \"I've been told it is how you sell it,\" Hook smirks, eyes sparkling in the lantern's light. \"Perhaps you should kiss it better afterward?\" the sandy-haired miner grins cheekily, and Tiger Lily jerks her arms away from his face. \"I am not the type of girl you think I am,\" Tiger Lily snaps at him, her grey eyes filled with the rage of a thunderstorm. \"You're not?\" Hook inquires, fixing Tiger Lily with a charming smile, making the Princess scoff. \"Because I see a woman in front of me who is adventurous, brave, caring, devoted, enchanting, fierce, gorgeous, hard-working, and intelligent. And that's just describing you with one adjective per letter until the letter 'i'. Now, tell me, Tiger Lily, was that not accurate?\" James Hook passionately remarks, leaning in towards Tiger Lily, their foreheads nearly touching. \"It was,\" Tiger Lily admits, a slight blush appearing on her face. \"I'm sorry I judged you, James Hook,\" she apologizes, moving to where the space between them is practically zero. \"There's nothin' to forgive, sweetheart,\" he grins in that devilishly handsome way once more before continuing. \"I told you I would get you alone,\" he smoothly says in a deeper whisper. \"I do believe that I am..\" Tiger Lily begins, only to be cut off by a voice nearby. \"I'm back with the water!\" Peter proudly announces, his breath a bit winded. \"Perfect timing, kid,\" Hook comments sarcastically, earning himself a gentle slap on his forearm by Tiger Lily. The Princess' laughter fills the tent soon after. After some gentle coaxing from Tiger Lily, Peter is wrapped in a blanket and is sleeping through the process of Tiger Lily giving Hook stitches in his forehead. \"Tying off,\" she tells Hook, and the miner hums in appreciation, not chancing moving in fear of tearing the stitches. \"I am finished now.\" \"Thank ya, Tiger Lily. Ya wouldn't happen to have somethin' for these bruises, would ya?\" he replies, no longer feeling the stinging sensation on his forehead. \"I do. I can apply some salve if you would like.\" \"Yes, please.\" \"Now, it won't cure the bruise, but it will help with the pain and swelling,\" Tiger Lily explains as she dips a finger into the green gel that Hook does not doubt comes from the island's local plant life. \"We use it on warriors after training or on those that have the unfortunate task of practicing battle with the Pan,\" she continues, and Hook winces at the mention of battling with the Pan. \"For clarity, we never fought in bouncy arenas in the mines,\" Hook revels in a whisper so low Tiger Lily almost does not hear him. \"You fought in the mines?\" she gasps, wondering just how severe these fights would get. \"Yeah. I got into fights at least once a week. Got busted pretty awful some times,\" he admits, raising his eyes to meet Tiger Lily's gaze. \"My back and face always took the worst damage,\" Hook remembers, wincing as Tiger Lily begins to rub the green salve on his shoulder. \"Is this from one of your fights?\" Tiger Lily inquires in a startled and mortified voice as she rubs Hook's shoulder where it is also bruised. Though Hook can't see his own shoulder, he is very aware of what injury Tiger Lily is referring to if she is that mortified. \"Yes, ma'am,\" Hook admits in a soft voice, gnashing his teeth as her fingertips ghost over the thick, gnarled scar he knows is present on his shoulder. \"Got it years ago. Think I was eighteen or so,\" he works hard to remember, and even harder to forget. \"How did this happen?\" \"That's what happens when someone takes a pickaxe to your back, sweetheart,\" he gruffly comments before realizing the tone of voice he used. \"Sorry. Didn't mean to speak to you that way, Tiger Lily.\" \"Think nothing of it,\" Tiger Lily insists, rubbing salve further down James' back in the process. \"Can you not feel anything in that shoulder? That could explain how you did not know it was dislocated,\" Tiger Lily reasons, moving now to the other shoulder. \"Can't feel much of anythin' in that shoulder. I barely could feel your fingers an' I knew they were there,\" Hook reveals, looking behind him to lock gazes with Tiger Lily. \"It's a wonder I can still move that arm. Tried protectin' a kid an' it nearly cost me my arm.\" \"Protecting a kid?\" \"Yeah. Boy 'bout Peter's age, actually. Asked a question an' the men in the mines were gonna kill 'im.\" \"That's why you protected Peter, isn't it?\" Tiger Lily inquires, starting to understand the man named James Hook more by the minute. \"Yeah. Boy was askin' for it, and I didn't feel like takin' an axe to the other shoulder.\" \"You are a good man, James Hook.\" \"Don't judge me so fast, darlin'. There's dark parts to my past, too. Don't wanna disappoint ya.\" Tiger Lily simply smiles, not at all frightened of the man in front of her. \"We all have our scars. It is our choice whether or not to move past them.\" Hook realizes he's never heard truer advice. As Tiger Lily rubs salve on Hook's chest, she reveals one of her scars she received in training with Mary and the tribe's Pan. Even Peter wakes momentarily and shows Hook the slight scar on his forehead from when he and Nibs slid on the hardwood at the orphanage. Hook smiles at the kid's attempt to make him feel better and more normal. \"Peter,\" Tiger Lily says in a motherly tone. \"Even fairy Princes need their sleep,\" she reminds with a soft smile. \"Yes, Tiger Lily,\" Peter sleepily mumbles, covering up with a blanket and preparing to drift off into slumber once more now that he has been assured of Hook's well-being. \"And take it easy on Hook for a few days. Old men take longer to heal,\" she teases with a mischievous shimmer in her grey eyes. \"Hey! I take offense to that!\" Hook shouts in that boisterous way of his. \"I am still devilishly handsome, and I'm only thirty!\" Author's Note: And there it is! My first Pan story to contribute to this relatively small fandom. It's very sad that most of the fandoms I seem inspired to write for lately are either dead, dying, small, or non-existent. So, if there are any Pan fanatics that would love to see more fics from me, drop a suggest, prompt, or kind review below, and I'd be happy to continue writing for this fandom when I get a chance amidst school and my freshman year of college which starts in August. I recently bought Pan on DVD for only $5, and let me just say I fell in love all over again since the first time I saw it was in 2015 and I only watched it once. Anyway, I hope you all enjoyed this one-shot; please let me know what you think, as all reviews are greatly appreciated! Until next time, dear readers! Have an amazing morning, afternoon, or night! ","Summary":" We All Have Our Scars Disclaimer: I do not own any of the canon characters from Pan; they belong or"},{"Movie":"Pan","Title":"Neverland","Author":"Still A Lover Of Franchises","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11699961","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This story is set after the movie in more recent times. In this story there are many changes to what happened in the movie. Peter is a couple of years older than he was in the movie. Wendy had finally managed to fall asleep before she was rudely yanked out of her bed. Her brothers John and Michael were always staying up late playing gamed. Wendy herself would play with them but she knew when they stayed up too late. Their dog Nana would occasionally check on them to make sure they would be actually sleeping. Wendy's parents were out late tonight but it was a normal thing. A large shape descended down from the dark night sky. The wind blew harshly against the large shape. It was a ship. Three figures jumped off the ship. They landed on top of Wendy's house silently. Nana looked up to see the intruders on top of the house. She barked and barked and scratched on the door, silently demanding it to open. The intruders had locked her out. Wendy turned in her bed, ignoring the sounds of the door opening. Wendy cracked an eye open and screamed. She saw a shadowy figure of a man looming over her before a sack was thrown over her head. Wendy's legs and hands were tied together. She was felt herself being held in thick arms. Wendy thrashed and screamed out as much as she could but she didn't anyone would her her. She could hear her brothers muffled screams behind her. Suddenly she was thrown onto a wooden surface. She felt other warm bodies next to her. \" John? Michael? Are you there? \" \" Wendy you're here too! Everything will be alright, right? \" Michael's young voice asked uncertainly. Wendy didn't know what to say. She was terrified but she knew that she needed to stay calm. She couldn't lie to Michael though. It wouldn't be right. Luckily John knew what to say. \" We'll be alright Michael as long as we stay together. \" The three Darling siblings huddled together as they awaited their unknown fate. It felt like hours had passed before the ship lurched. Their captor's strange garbled voices were yelling as the ship lurched again. Explosions sounded to Wendy's left and right. The ship seemed to tip over and Wendy felt herself sliding to the right. She screamed as she felt herself fall off the ship. Cold water splashed as she fell into it. Two more splashes followed right after her. And then give more splashes. Wendy struggled to stay afloat and gasped as water began to flood into her sack. She was pulled out of the water quickly. Wendy gasped for breath and flopped around like a fish. She felt herself losing consciousness. When she came to she could hear voices around her. \" Is she okay? \" A concerned boy's voice asked. \" Yeah she'll be alright. My da taught me how to do CPR before.. Well you know. \" Another boy's voice said. \" Well let's get the others and get out of here. Come on Slightly help me with this boy. Curly get that other boy over there. \" \" What do you what me to do Nibs? \" \" Can you get that girl Tootles? \" Wendy promptly lost consciousness as she felt herself being picked up. Wendy blinked awake to see a lantern swinging above her. She was laying in a bed made out of straw. It was surprisingly very comfortable. The walls were made out of tree roots and compacted dirt. She was underground somewhere far away from home. \" Can I have some water Nibs? \" Michael's voice asked not so far away. Wendy rushed out of the room and entered another larger room. Wendy's eyed widened as she was met by a large group of boys. They all stared at her. Wendy heard one of the boys whisper out, \" Hey look it's the girl. \" A lanky boy with brown hair was the first to speak. \" Hey Wendy we have a lot to talk about. My name is Nibs. And we are the lost boys. This guy is your brother right? \" Nibs looked at Michael. Michael rushed over to his sister and they hugged each other. Wendy asked them to they were doing before hugging them again. \" Hey Michael do you know where John is? \" Michael looked down at the floor suddenly. Nibs tapped Wendy on the shoulder awkwardly. \" Um, can I speak with you Wendy? \" Wendy bit her lip nervously. \" Sure. \" Nibs led her to a small alcove far away enough for them to have a private talk. Nibs gave Wendy a serious look. The look seemed out of place for a boy. It made him seem older than the eleven year old be appeared to be. \" Wendy can you tell me anything about your kidnappers? Anything at all? \" Wendy thought for a moment. \" Well they had these strange voices. The spoke with garbled voices. It wasn't natural. \" She shuddered at the unpleasant memory. Nibs didn't ask for more details. He looked disturbed at the information and very unsatisfied. \" We were hoping you could tell us more about them. Your kidnappers have been going around kidnapping children all around the world. It's not the first time this has been done. We've been trying to find out why and who they are but it hasn't been going very well. They hide well and it's been even more difficult since we lost our leader. \" His eyes turned darker. \" You sound like you're in a war. \" \" We are. \" Wendy looked away, not knowing how to respond. \" So your leader was killed? I'm sorry about that. \" \" What? No our leader isn't dead. He's just severely injured. We're going to find him once we get the cure for him. Peter wouldn't die on us. \" Nibs' voice wavered uncertainly. \" Can you tell me where my brother is? His name is- \" Nibs held up his hands to silence Wendy. \" Look Wendy that's what I wanted to talk to you about as well. Your brother has been captured by pirates. Not the same people that had originally kidnapped you. We'll get him back. \" He excused himself in a rush. The lost boys were setting up dining in a large room. A long table was set up and Wendy sat beside both her brothers. Sitting across from her was a lady dressed in an exotic looking dress made of multiple colors. The lady eyed her like a hawk before she proceeded eating. Wendy averted her eyes to her plate. Nibs sat next to the lady. \" So Tiger Lily any words about the kidnappers? \" Tiger Lily shook her head sadly. All the boys groaned in response. \" No I'm sorry that I couldn't find any information about the ship. The ship has been staying in the air without ever landing. It's been difficult since my tribe is still trying to rebuild our destroyed home. But I do have news on Hook. He's been hanging around the shores gathering supplies. I've seen your brother Wendy, he's doing.. Fine. \" Wendy nodded in relief. She needed to know more though. Wendy couldn't help herself when she blurted out, \" Who's Hook? \" All eyes turned to her. Wendy sank down in her seat. \" I'm sorry I shouldn't of asked. \" Tiger Lily said, \" No it's alright. Hook is a pirate who is an enemy to us. \" Tiger Lily looked saddened at the mention of Hook. It seemed to pain her to talk of Hook. \" We're going to have to raid Hook's ship in two days if we want to get the cure for Peter. And to save Wendy's brother. \" Nibs anounced. People nodded and murmured in agreement. \" Yes, I'll help you tonight. I can bring in some more help- \" Tiger Lily began before Wendy interrupted her. \" I want to help you guys raid Hook's ship. \" Wendy said without a second thought. \" No it's too dangerous for you to go. You're not trained in anyway. I bet you haven't even held a sword before. No it's too dangerous. You're not coming. \" Nibs said. \" Look I'm coming. I have to save my brother. If you think I'm not trained than teach me. You have enough time. Right? \" Wendy argued back. Before Nibs could say anything Tiger Lily nodded at Wendy. \" She has the right to help save her brother. I'll train her as best as I can until we raid Hook's ship. \" Wendy could help but grin. Later on when the training actually started she wasn't smiling. Tiger Lily had started to train her on how to use a sword. It was very hard and Wendy's muscles were sore and very tired. Wendy sat down on a bench next to Tiger Lily. \" What happened to Peter exactly? I'm afraid I don't fully understand the situation. \" Wendy asked. Tiger Lily played with her sword before answering. \" It's hard to express what really happened in words but maybe I can show you. I'm going to show you my memory through an ancient ritual my people do. Are you okay with me doing it to you? It won't hamr you. \" Wendy nodded nervously. Tiger Lily moved closer to Wendy and pressed her forehead to Wendy's. Wendy could feel herself being submerged into a memory. She was in a rain forest. It was dark and it was raining. She turned and saw a large lake at the end of the forest. A pirate ship was in the lake. At the back of the ship in glowing neon words it read the Jolly Roger. She saw Tiger Lily climbing up the side of the ship. Suddenly Wendy was on the ship. Pirates were walking around the ship doing their various jobs. Tiger Lily was still hidden on the side of the ship, clinging onto it effortlessly. \" Hook! \" A young voice yelled out. A boy flew up to the ship... Wait flew? Yes the boy was flying to the ship. Wendy wasn't really shocked at the moment. It just wasn't shocking. The boy, Peter, had dark curly hair and a lean figure. Peter looked like he was just entering his teens. He had a sword on the right side of his belt. His blue eyes seemed to glow in the dark. A small flying light accompanied Peter. It made small bell like noises as it seemed to talk to Peter. The boy looked at the light, \" It'll be fine Tinkerbell. \" A man on the ship turned around to face the flying boy. It was Hook. The pirate looked different than Wendy had imagined him. She expected some sort of greasy looking pirate in a dress but that wasn't the case. Hook was actually handsome along with one of his hands missing. His hand was replaced with a hook. It made Wendy wonder if hook was a nickname people had come up with. Hook looked at one of his crewman and said, \" Get this boat into the air. \" The crewman nodded and began to order around the other crewmen. Hook sneered and spoke with a sourthern drawl, \" Well long time no see fly boy. What brings you here to our humble little ship? \" He drew his sword and waved it around. The ship began to lift up into the air. Tiger Lily was still holding onto the side. Peter landed on the ship. \" Are you kidnapping children around the world? Answer me. \" \" Actually no I haven't but why don't you stay a while. \" Hook suddenly swung his sword at Peter. Peter jumped into the air and drew his own sword. Hook and Peter's swords clashed together as they fought each other. Both of them seemed to be extremely skilled with the the sword. Wendy saw that Hook's sword had black edges. Tiger Lily jumped from her hiding spot and engaged in combat with the crewman. One smaller crewman hid behind a barrel. The smaller crewman had thick glasses on and a beard. He didn't seem like a fighter. \" Seems like you've gotten better fly boy. \" Hook taunted as he parried a strike. Peter growled before a flew back a few steps from Hook. A pirate from the left brought out his pistol from it's holster. He aimed at Peter and shot. The bullet zipped by Peter and missed him entirely. Peter glanced behind him for a second. But that was a fatal mistake. Hook thruster his sword forward and the blade went straight into Peter's side. Peter gasped and he almost dropped his sword. Tiger Lily saw what Hook had done and screamed, \" No! \" Peter looked into Hook's eyes. Hook seemed to be conflicted for a moment before he pulled out his sword from Peter's side. The boy's eyes rolled into the back of his head before he fell off the ship and into darkness. \" Goodbye Peter. \" Hook whispered as he watched the boy fall. Tinkerbell shot after Peter into the darkness, several other lights followed her. Wendy gasped and was brought out of the memory. Tiger Lily watched her regain her bearings. \" How, \" Wandy gasped, \" How do you know if Peter isn't dead. How could he have survived it? \" \" We're sure that Tinkerbell and the other fairies had saved Peter. The fairies have locked themselves back into their kingdom after that. Peter must be there, trying to recover. \" Tiger Lily was confident in her words. \" What about this cure? Why does Peter need it then? \" \" On Hook's sword there was a poison on it called Nightshade. Peter will die if he doesn't get the cure and we're sure that Hook has it. If he has Nightshade that he would have the cure with him. \" ","Summary":" This story is set after the movie in more recent times. In this story there are many changes to wha"},{"Movie":"Pan","Title":"Still Friends?","Author":"newbienovelistRD","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12076141","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Another story by guestsurprise. Enjoy! Peter and Captain Hook were enemies now. Hook had now become a greedy pirate king and Peter was the guardian of the fairies and the island. Now they were face to face in another battle. \"You needed to join me when you got the chance,\" Hook hissed. \"I thought I could trust you,\" Peter muttered angrily. \"I don't know what you're talking about!\" \"Yes you do! You know that Blackbeard was horrible and a bloodthirsty killer! Yet you want to be a pirate like him!\" \"You don't understand the power of the fairies!\" \"Yes I do! I know that they are guardians of this island and it's my duty to protect them! You were supposed to help me!\" \"I am helping you!\" \"No you're not! I never knew my dad and I lost my mom and now I lost my best friend!\" Peter yelled angrily, tears now streaming down his face. For a split moment, Hook felt a twinge of guilt. \"Pan, listen…\" \"I'm done listening! I can do all of this myself!\" Peter said angrily as he used his knife to cut the binds that held him. He was still bleeding from his leg from the fight they had less than four minutes ago! \"Peter stop!\" Hook said, trying to grab him. \"Get away from me!\" \"I'm trying to help you!\" \"No you're not! No one cares about what happens to me!\" Peter said angrily as he tried to fly out the window. \"Oh no, you're not getting away this time kid.\" James said angrily as he literally pounced on Peter and hugged him tight to his chest. Peter began to squirm and yell in terror, tears pouring down his cheeks. \"GET OFF OF ME!\" \"Hold still!\" James growled, tightening his grip. \"Help! Someone help me! Tiger lily!\" Peter squeaked out. \"I said stop moving!\" James said, now hugging him tighter. \"And stop yelling! You sound like a dying boar!\" \"Let go of…me,\" Peter whispered out, now losing unconsciousness. James squeezed him into submission. Two hours later…. Peter felt something wet gently touching his feet and legs. He slowly opened his eyes and saw James beside him and he was washing Peter's legs in a lake. This was the same magic lake where they saw the mermaids. \"Finally awake fly boy?\" James asked. Peter angrily tried to pull his legs from his grip, but James tightened his grip. \"Ah ah ah. Not so fast.\" \"Just back off; why are you helping me? Just let me go!\" He hissed. \"Just be quiet and let me help you! You need to calm down.\" James responded, now pulling him gently by his legs into the water. \"HEY! MMMMMMMMMMMMMM!\" Peter mumbled, now temporarily going under water. \"Sorry, gotta wash the rest of your wounds fly boy.\" James chuckled as he dove under the water after Peter. Peter quickly surfaced and felt strong fingers latch onto his sides! \"AH! H-HELP! Whahahat?!\" Peter gasped, trying to stifle a giggle. \"Fly boy, I'm just tryin' ta clean ya wounds. Why are ya laughin?\" James laughed as he surfaced, affectively holding Peter and tickling him. \"S-Stop it!\" \"Why?\" \"BE-Because you're tryin' to kill me!\" Peter laughed out, trying to swim away. James smiled gently and swam after him, grabbing his legs and pulling him back to him. \"Now stop it kid. I'm not trying to kill you. I just want you to join us.\" James said, now digging his fingers into Peter's neck. \"AH! AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAA STOP IT!\" \"Not so fast fly boy.\" James grinned a fanged smile and cornered Peter against a rock. \"Stop it! AHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH DAD STOP!\" James froze at those words and so did Peter. Peter bit his bottom lip in embarrassment and then he tried to climb out of the lake. But James pinned him between his chest and the rock. \"Hold it kid! We need ta talk!\" \"Look I'm sorry I called you dad. It was an accident.\" \"That's not it kid. We can't keep fighting like this.\" Peter sadly looked away, but he gasped as James gently touched his shoulders. \"Don't be scared kid. Can we at least talk?\" \"About what?\" \"About us being on talkable terms and not killin' each other.\" Peter gave him a small smile and then when James turned to get something, Peter pounced on his back! \"HEY! Kid!\" James growled as he was dunked under the water. \"Payback James.\" Peter chuckled, but he began laughing as the pirate king began chasing him around the lake. Maybe their friendship wasn't dead after all. guestsurprise: This movie is based on the new Peter Pan movie called Pan. I do hope you all enjoy it! ","Summary":" Another story by guestsurprise. Enjoy! Peter and Captain Hook were enemies now. Hook had now become"},{"Movie":"Pan","Title":"Find Refuge in You","Author":"Isangrim","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12028406","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Find Refuge in You —Prologue— I've concluded from my findings that all of this has happened before; one time or another in the distant past. As it will…undoubtedly happen again and again, especially if nothing is done to prevent it. If it can be done… Bizarre as it may be, abductions of orphan and runaway boys from various parts of the globe continue to climb in number over the last several decades. Despite my best efforts the method in which these unknown persons operate is still unclear. Pending upon a crucial lead; false paper trails—files representing orphan boys now missing. What was the similar distinguishing attribute about each of the individuals—their age (I find this 'age factor' in the abductions most intriguing). These boys that are believed to be going to relatives or foster families, were instead being sent elsewhere. Location is unfortunately to say still unknown. There is cause to believe they have inside aid from the staff of the homes frequented; whose care these children depend—and being compensated for their troubles. However, none of this has been founded. Up to now no girls have been taken. And against all odds no missing child reports have been legally filed or claims made. The question we keep asking ourselves is: why? Through this entire endeavor I had one key source to turn to. Persuading them in the beginning was not an easy accomplishment. Time was needed. In due course they saw fit to divulge their information…and it was quite considerably the most unusual to digest. Learning and understanding more of what they know will take time. As promised they will remain anonymous. Communications from me shall at this point cease until further inquiries are conducted… J. H. … Regrettably they would never receive another word from John Ellis Houlton. Services have been sent to make arrangements for his only remaining family, a young daughter of nine, Bernadette Eliza Meriel Houlton. Four years have passed since they placed the child in care of the Darling household, relatives of her late mother by marriage. Their efforts proved to be wasted when receiving a heated post of her gone and with the youngest Darling child, a one Mary Wenona Grace Darling. It has already gone into four weeks of searching with little to no results. Since it's believed the two girls have runaway due to circumstances in the home and were not taken, there's nothing more to be done at this point. No sightings have been reported… … So very tired of feeling lost, alone, and unwanted. Mary had been the only one who understood. Her dear sweet Mouse saved Eliza from that loneliness in a time she needed it the most. However, it was no longer necessary. She was different somehow. Not the easiest of topics to share. From the point he had entered their lives everything had subconsciously changed for her in the worst and in some bizarre way, all the better. That's when she truly began to live again. Possibly for Mary as well she couldn't be certain. She's not seen that man since. So Eliza buried it like most things...prior to the two of them were being brought here. In living in an all-boys home there were perchance one or more advantages to be had. Her missing friend, Pied was one such benefit. Together they could protect Mary. The others she couldn't quite say. Regrettably almost everything she's planned has been nothing but trouble. Nowadays she was alone. If she could really call it that surrounded as she was by boys and devious nuns who had no inkling of her true gender. Thought it was best to keep it that way. Eliza had blamed herself; thinking that they alone could protect Mary from them. How wrong she was of course. Not having realized her mistake then as she did now. Her greatest regret was agreeing to Mary's selfish request. Taking her hand they left together and she never looked back. That was over two years ago… Mary would be safe back in the Darling nursery with her family. Instead of missing along with Pied; both gone from their beds sometime in the night. But she has learned from her mistakes. There was no use on dwelling on it any longer. Neither fate nor any dweller of their world could prevent them from obtaining the lost, runaway, or unwanted children. Nevertheless, it was not much longer til she rejoined the others. -:- ","Summary":" Find Refuge in You —Prologue— I've concluded from my findings that all of this has happened before;"},{"Movie":"Mask of Zorro Legend of Zorro","Title":"Discovering the Family Secret","Author":"LoveStoryMermaid","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5776031","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Discovering the Family Secret AN:There is some Spanish in here, keeping with how it was in the movie. I do not know/speak any more Spanish than the very basics and all I did was plug the dialogue into a free online translator. If there is anyone who knows/speaks Spanish and sees something wrong in the spelling or grammer, please let me know and I will change it. Zorro smiled to himself as Joaquin hugged him. He really was just like his father, not that Elena would be entirely happy about that. Speaking of Elena, \"Consigámosle casero.(Let's get you home.)\" \"¿Cómo usted sabe dónde vivo? (How do you know where I live?)\" Joaquin asked wonderingly. Again, Zorro smiled, a quiet laugh to himself as he helped Joaquin onto Tornado. \"Sostenga encendido firmemente. (Hold on tightly.)\" \"¡Voy a montar con usted en tornado?!,\" Joaquin responded shocked, \"¡Ululación, significo, ululación! ¡No puedo esperar para decir cada uno sobre esto! ¡No lo creerán! ¡Serán tan celosos! (I'm really going to ride with you on Tornado?! Wow, I mean, wow! I can't wait to tell everyone about this. They won't believe it! They'll be so jealous!) \"No. Sería el mejor si usted dijo nadie de esto. (No. It would be best if you told no one of this.)\" \"¿Por qué no? (Why not?)\" Joaquin responded. \"¿Para mí? Por favor. (For me? Please.)\" Zorro responded. Joaquin shook his head, grimacing sadly, but promising, \"Autorización, prometo. Para usted (Okay, I promise. For you.) We were here, home. Zorro sighed anticipating and then helped Joaquin, his son, down. \"Bueno. Ahora, espere aquí. ¿Entienda? (Good. Now, wait here. Understand?)\" \"Sí. Gracias, Zorro. (Yes. Thank you, Zorro.) Zorro smiled then turned around to go into the house, calling, \"Elena! Elena!\" Joaquin looked on, surprised, how did Zorro know his mother?, but, then again, he was Zorro. But, what did he want with his mother? Joaquin shrugged, he just knew Zorro had told him to stay there, and he'd do anything for Zorro. \"What? What is it? Who's there?,\" Elena called, then gasped, \"Alejandro! What are doing here! Dressed like that!\" \"You were right, okay. Father was right. I was being a pig-headed fool trying to keep this from Joaquin.\" Elena laughed wryly, \"He told you that? Remind me to thank him.\" Alejandro rolled his eyes and shook his head, \"Yes, yes, but, right now, we have more important things,\" he paused a second before sighing and continuing, \"Like telling our son the truth.\" \"What? Like this? Are you sure? Alejandro, what has happened? Don't try to tell me it was Padre. You've never been one to listen to criticism.\" He smiled wryly, accepting that. \"Come on, please?\" \"You're sure?\" Elena responded. \"Why are you hesitating? Haven't you always been the one who said he needs to know? Now he will. I agree. Let's go.\" \"And I still do, I just can't understand why now, all of a sudden you've changed your mind, and, I must admit, I don't think this is perhaps the best way.\" \"I do. Can we just go?\" \"Zorro?\" Joaquin called. Elena raised her eyebrows as Alejandro sighed, \"Sí. Un minuto y yo esté allí. (Yes. One minute and I'll be there.)\" \"Why are you speaking Spanish?\" Elena asked. Alejandro laughed wryly, \"I didn't want him to recognize my voice yet.\" \"Alejandro, what is going on? Tell me this instant.\" \"How about I let him tell you? Come on, he's waiting.\" Elena sighed and shook her head, \"Fine, but so help me Alejandro…and he will recognize your voice soon enough. Promise?\" \"Yes, I promise. You were right.\" \"Alright then,\" Elena agreed. \"Mama! You'll never belie…\" Joaquin started as Elena and Zorro came out. \"No. Está bien. Cambié mi mente. Usted puede decir a su madre. ¿Pero, ningunos otros, bien? (No. It's alright. I changed my mind, you can tell your mother. But, no one else, alright?)\" Joaquin nodded, \"So, today, we were out on a class trip when I saw a man I'd seen causing trouble at the election, he had a scar in the shape of a cross on his face. That's how I recognized him.\" Elena looked up at Zorro, shock and fear briefly crossing her face. Joaquin continued, \"And so I followed him and hid behind these bushes, but one of them…\" \"Bien, pienso que su madre ha oído bastantes. (Alright, I think your mother has heard enough),\"Zorro interrupted, nervously, suddenly. \"Pero, I como apenas consiguiendo a la buena parte, donde… (But, I was just getting to the good part, where…\") \"Joaquin,\" Zorro said firmly, nervously. Joaquin nodded, disappointed. \"Joaquin?\" Zorro called. \"Sí, Zorro?\" \"Joaquin. Joaquin,\" Zorro hesitated. Elena looked at Alejandro meaningfully. He nodded to her, and then continued to Joaquin, quietly, \"We don't have to use Spanish anymore.\" \"Alejandro,\" Elena whispered very quietly, but firmly, meaningfully, to get on with it, but also comfortingly, supportive. Zorro shook his head putting up hand for her to be patient. Elena rolled her eyes, but consented. \"Zorro, what is it?\" Joaquin asked. Alejandro laughed wryly, but dropped to one knee to be at his son's level, and began, \"Joaquin, there is something I, and your mother, want to tell you. Something you should have found out a long time ago. Your mother thought so, I want you to understand, but it was me who wanted to wait, to protect you. Today showed me she was right. It is better if you know,\" he laughed again in the same way, \"She's always right.\" \"Know what?\" Joaquin asked curiously, as Zorro took off his hat, placing it on the floor, and Joaquin tilted his head to the side, wondering, starting to get suspicious, but, no, no, it couldn't be. Then his father looked up at Elena once more, who nodded, and he nodded back, and then took off the mask of Zorro. \"Papi?\" Joaquin asked, disbelieving. Alejandro smiled gently, but also slightly ashamed. He'd been foolish to keep this from Joaquin, but he'd been trying to protect him. \"But…\" Joaquin started, walking forward to his mother, who had picked up Zorro's hat. Joaquin stared at it, touched it briefly, and then looked back at his father, Zorro, who had been holding his mask, but now let it drop. His father was Zorro! \"Papi,\" Joaquin, said again, amazed. Alejandro looked up at his wife, who was smiling, pleased, but still concerned, probably for how Joaquin would overall react, so was he. Now, though as he dropped his mask, he opened his arms, inviting his son to come to him to hear the story. Yet, just then, Elena gasped, worried, \"Joaquin! What happened to your arm!\" Both Joaquin and Zorro froze, wide-eyed. Joaquin suddenly understood why, among so many reasons, but the principle one, Zorro, his father, had not wanted him to tell his mother what he did today. Of course, he also understood now why Zorro had asked to speak in Spanish, so he wouldn't recognize his father's voice, and, of course, why he couldn't tell anyone. And yet, there was still one question Joaquin hadn't thought to ask before five minutes ago, but now demanded an answer, ignoring his mother. \"Papi, why didn't you tell me?\" Elena looked at her husband. Maybe she forgot about the cut, but no, probably not, women, especially mothers, never forget things like that once they'd seen them. Actually, Alejandro was a bit surprised, gratefully, but still surprised, she hadn't noticed earlier. But then his son, Joaquin, asked a question that he knew, and wanted, had to be answered. Maybe this could delay Joaquin's adventure tale. \"As I said before, I wanted to protect you. From the day you were born I vowed I would, and I thought I could best do so by keeping the truth from you. But, as I said, your mother, disagreed. Seems to me now, she was right. And I'm sorry. I should have never kept it from you. I thought it was my secret, but it's not. It's our secret, and I promise you, I will never lie to you again.\" \"Promise?\" \"Promise.\" Then Joaquin smiled and hugged his father. \"I love you, papi.\" \"I love you too, son, always.\" Then Joaquin paused, \"Did you mean what you said today still, though? You promise you'll be there next time?\" \"What is he talking about, Alejandro? And what, exactly, happened today? You boys still haven't answered that.\" Alejandro was quick to answer Joaquin's question, teasingly, \"But what if the people need Zorro?\" Joaquin's face fell, but then nodded and began to answer, when his father interrupted, \"Joaquin, I was teasing. Yes, I meant it. I should have been there today. Probably would have kept you out of the trouble you got yourself into today. But, I promise you, no matter what, I will be there next time.\" Joaquin broke into a smile, \"I wasn't in trouble, though. I had everything under control, and I helped you find out what was in the crates!\"[Chapter 2] \" I wasn't in trouble, though. I had everything under control, and I helped you find out what was in the crates!\" In what crates, Alejandro? Joaquin.\" Elena was getting impatient, worried. \"I really should go change,\" Alejandro said quickly. \"Alejandro!\" Elena demanded as he walked off, whispering in Joaquin's ear, quickly and quietly, \"Being dragged off a cliff, caught in a rope, is not what I call under control.\" Joaquin started to protest, but Alejandro whispered hurriedly, \"Later, promise.\" \"Alejandro, we are not done discussing this!\" Elena called, then to herself, but loud enough Joaquin could hear, \"He's always running off. Why is he always running off?\" Joaquin laughed, and then she turned to him, \"Now, Joaquin, what was your father was talking about?\" \"I really think it would be better if we waited for him to get back.\" Joaquin responded nervously. Elena threw her hands in the air in defeat, but saying, \"I will get the story of what happened today, Joaquin, you and your father are not getting out of this, especially not with that cut on your arm, not to mention your shirt. Let me see.\" \"It's okay, papi already…\" \"Took care of it,\" Elena agreed upon examining his cut, \"Of course he did. He always is looking out for you. Oh, Joaquin, you have no idea how much you mean to him. Not to mention how much you are like him; lord help me.\" Joaquin laughed. Later that evening, over dinner, Elena brought it up again, \"So, once again, what did you two get into today?\" \"You know what, I think it's time for Joaquin to get to bed, it's been a long day. Don't you think, Joaquin?\" Alejandro replied. \"Yep, definitely, I should get to bed.\" Joaquin agreed, rising from the table with his father. \"Alejandro and Joaquin de la Vega sit down!\" Elena yelled, \"You two are not getting out of this. Now tell me this instant what happened that you two not only are so eager to keep from me, but also that got you, Alejandro, of all the stubborn people in this world, to change his mind about telling his son the truth!\" They froze mid-rise, Joaquin looking at his father to see what he should do, and then followed his father, as he sighed and sat back down. Alejandro looked at Joaquin and said lightly, \"Never get your mother mad, Joaquin. She isn't quite what seems, either.\" Elena stared at her husband, annoyed. \"Mama? What does he mean?\" Elena just sighed, though, \"Your father, Joaquin, just means that I once fought by his side. Now, that wasn't so hard to admit. So, why don't you two stop dodging the question and admit what happened.\" \"You once fought by his side? Why did you stop?\" Joaquin asked, surprised. Elena smiled, glancing at Alejandro as she answered, \"Because someone had to stay home and take care of you, and you needed a mother, not a fighter, nor a priest caretaker. Now, once again, and I hope this will be the last time I must ask. What happened today? You mentioned crates? What crates? And, Alejandro, please tell me Joaquin doesn't mean Cortez.\" \"You know Cortez?\" Joaquin asked, surprised and marveling. \"I guess that answers my question. Joaquin, what were you thinking!?\" Then she turned to Alejandro, \"And what were you thinking!? Letting him run off after him! Just look at his arm!\" \"Mama, I'm fine. Papi was amazing and I help…\" \"Joaquin, maybe you should let me explain this to your mother.\" He nodded. \"You helped.\" Elena repeated, terrified and furious. To Alejandro, \"You let him help you fight Cortez!?\" \"No. Stop yelling and calm down and let me explain.\" \"Sorry, but then, explain, now.\" \"So, Joaquin had seen Cortez at the election and so he was,\" Alejandro began slowly, now looking at Joaquin pointedly, who had a sheepish smile on his face, \"curious and wanted to see what he was really up to, and smart kid he is, he did.\" \"Oh, and what was that, and just how did he do that?\" \"Soap was what it was; what that means yet, I don't know. And what happened was…\" \"Why don't you let Joaquin tell me? After all, he was the reason for this. Joaquin?\" \"Papi is telling it fine. I don't have anything to add.\" Alejandro covered up a smile while shaking his head once, slightly, not to the point where either his son or wife saw. He knew what her response would be and he'd have to let Joaquin tell some of it. Elena wouldn't have it any other way; because she knew he could cover up a story. He just hoped Joaquin could too. \"Then you know exactly where to start.\" Joaquin looked at his father, who just raised his eyebrows and nodded. Joaquin took a deep breath and continued recounting the day's events, \"Well, alright. I didn't really do anything. I just walked off a bit from the lesson to hear better and overheard them, and, alright, saw, them talking about and unloading crates of soap. Then Papi saw me and stopped to ask why I was so far off from my class and I just told him I could still see my class, but these men got me, curious, and so I went to see what they were about. When he asked me then if I did find anything out, I told him what I saw - soap.\" \"Uh huh. And then, what happened to your arm?\" \"Oh, that, I tripped and fell on a rock, that's all. No big deal, really.\" \"Alejandro, is that what happened? Don't you dare lie to me.\" \"Yes, Elena, that's all that happened. I told you, it was nothing.\" \"Oh, but I don't believe that, because if it was nothing and that was really the whole story you two just told me then one, you both wouldn't have been dodging the question all day, and Alejandro, I'm sorry, but I know you, that wouldn't have been enough to change your mind about our secret.\" He sighed, \"Women. You can never get anything past them.\" Joaquin laughed. Elena just stared at them, arms folded, determined to get the story. \"Alright, Joaquin was just listening; trying to hear and see what was going on, but one of the guys spotted him. He was fine! Elena, you should have seen him! He held out with those guys well enough till I got there you'd have thought I'd trained him myself. He just got the scratch when he did fall on a rock on a tumble.\" Joaquin beamed at his father's praise. \"So you did let him fight them?\" \"No, I saw it as I was coming up. I had gotten a lead on the men and was following them when I saw him. That's when I jumped in between him and the men, got him out of the way, took care of the other guys, then brought him home.\" \"You're keeping something from me.\" \"I got caught up in a rope and was sliding off a cliff,\" Joaquin stated quietly. Both his parents turned to him. \"WHAT!?\" Elena yelled, panicked and terrified. \"Alejandro, please tell me…\" Alejandro was staring shocked at his son that he told his mother that. \"I guess that answers my questions.\" \"I'm sorry, Elena. I should have been there sooner.\" She was exasperated, angry, terrified, and shook her head, \"No, Alejandro. No, I know you got there as soon as you could.\" Then she turned to Joaquin, \"Joaquin, what were you thinking?!\" \"I'm sorry, mama, I just wanted to be like Zorro, help him out. And, you had said I was more like papi than I thought. At that time, I thought it meant I was too lazy or something and so I figured I could try to be more like Zorro.\" Alejandro was trying not to laugh, successfully, probably by remembering the heart attack he'd about had when he had first seen Joaquin earlier. \"Oh, Joaquin. Joaquin. Are you all right?\" Elena sighed. \"Yes, I'm fine, and in the end, I did help him, didn't I?\" Alejandro smiled, \"Yes, you did son, but I do have to agree with your mother on one part and repeat what I told you earlier. \"This isn't a game. Those men are killers, and they're still out there and I know I said you did well today, but that does not mean I want you going after them again, understand?\" Joaquin's face fell a fraction, \"Okay.\"[Chapter 3] Joaquin's face fell a fraction, \"Okay.\" Elena relaxed a bit, but his father looked at him understandingly, \"But perhaps if you keep to that, I can start training you with a sword, if you like.\" Joaquin's face lit up. \"REALLY! OH, YES! I promise I won't go near them again, if you promise you'll train me for the future.\" Now Elena was nervous again, \"Alejandro, do you really think that's the best idea?\" \"Yes, Elena, I do,\" he responded gently, \"After all, he is the son of Zorro. It's in his blood.\" \"And you yourself said I was more like him than I thought.\" Joaquin added to his mother. She sighed, \"Training, only, Alejandro. Promise me, till he's older.\" Then they all smiled and Joaquin and his father responded at the same time, \"Promise.\" \"Joaquin, you're sure you're all right?\" Elena asked again, still concerned. \"Yes, mama,\" Joaquin sighed. \"Really, Elena,\" Alejandro added, \"I checked him myself. He's fine, really just a scratch.\" \"Really lucky,\" she sighed, \"just like his father.\" They smiled again. \"Alright, then, Joaquin, your father's right, for once, on several accounts. You should, and can, be allowed to train with him as the son of Zorro, understanding, of course, you must keep this a secret.\" \"Of course, and what else?\" Joaquin responded. \"It is time for bed. Go on. I'll be up in a bit. I'm sure you want to talk with your father a bit.\" They left the table smiling as Elena started cleaning up dinner and Alejandro took Joaquin up to bed. \"Joaquin, my son, why did you tell your mother that last bit?\" his father asked him. \"She knew we were keeping something from her.\" Alejandro sighed, \"Yes, of course she did, she's your mother, but I could have talked us, you, out of that.\" \"But I didn't know that and she did ask me for the story.\" His father chuckled, \"Well, we'll just see what she makes of it I suppose,\" then he was serious, \"But, really, Joaqiun, you know you shouldn't have followed them. It was reckless! What if I had gotten there a minute later?\" Joauquin looked down, \"But you didn't, and you wouldn't have. You're Zorro! You always come through!\" His father shut his eyes, now ashamed himself, remembering earlier with Guillermo and Blanca and said simply, quietly, \"No, not always. Even Zorro makes mistakes, Joaqiun. Let's leave it at that. You promise never to do something like that again?\" \"Papi? What happened? And, you mean, without you?\" Alejandro smiled just a bit, \"Certainly not without me, and even then, you still must be careful. As for the rest,\" he sighed, \"it's like I said, this isn't a game, and even Zorro can make mistakes. Please, Joaquin?\" Joaquin nodded. His father smiled again now, ruffling his son's hair, \"Now, get some sleep. We can talk in the morning, unless, you have one or two quick questions tonight.\" \"Tell me about when you and mom fought together.\" His father smiled. \"Well, that is a story. Alright. Your mother, Joaquin, was, still is, extraordinary. Her father taught her. We would fight side by side, our movements perfectly synchronized, and back then we were undefeated, and instead of just the Z, the bad guy would find himself marked with,\" he laughed, \"the letters E and Z, Elena and Zorro, Eas(Z)y. The tales are all the same, just different bad guys.\" Joaquin laughed. \"Papi?\" \"Yes, Joaquin.\" \"When and how will you train me?\" He smiled, \"Wait and see.\" Joaquin made a pitiful face and his father laughed, \"Uh uh, go to sleep. We'll talk about it in the morning,\" and he kissed his son goodnight, \"I love you, Joaquin. Sweet dreams.\" \"Love you, Papi.\" Elena came in as her husband was leaving their son's room and smiled, but raising her eyebrow and whispering, \"Promise me you'll keep him safe. Alejandro, I swear, if anything happens to him…\" \"Shh, I won't let anything happen to him. I swear. My family is my life.\" She just looked at him, shaking her head, but smiling. \"So, Joaquin, you had an exciting day today it seems.\" \"I'm sorry, mama. I swear I was just trying to help.\" \"Joaquin, you must promise me you won't do anything so reckless again,\" \"I promise.\" \"And you can bet I'll hold you, and your father, lord help me, to that. Though I appreciate you telling me the truth, Joaquin, you know your father would have tried to talk himself, and you, out of it.\" Joaquin just shrugged and Elena laughed, \"Oh, you do too know it. Joaquin, just be careful, be safe. Your father wants to train you and I won't stop him, but you must stay focused on your studies and, of course, keep it a secret.\" \"Of course.\" \"Goodnight, Joaquin,\" His mother said sweetly and gently. \"Night, mama. I love you.\" \"I love you too, Joaquin. Goodnight, now. Sweet dreams, son of Zorro.\" He smiled at that as he closed his eyes. The next morning Alejandro got dressed and kissed his still sleeping wife and walked quietly to his son's room. Joaquin was still asleep, naturally. For a moment, Alejandro just stared lovingly at his son, and then he went over to his bed. \"Joaquin,\" he whispered, gently shaking his son's arm. Joaquin stirred, but did not Joaquin. He paused a second, \"Joaquin,\" he said a little louder, shaking a little harder. \"Five more minutes,\" Joaquin mumbled half-coherently. \"Oh, okay,\" he father replied quietly, in a whisper, playfully, but serious in his statement, \"I just thought you might want to see Tornado and where I kept Zorro's costume, but if you want to sleep in, I guess we can always do it later.\" Joaquin shot up, \"Can I have five minutes to get ready?\" His father laughed, \"Well, we can't have you leaving in your nightclothes. Five minutes and I'll see you downstairs.\" \"Thank you dad!\" Five minutes later, father and son were downstairs ready to leave. \"So where are we going?\" asked an eager Joaquin. His father simply asked, \"Which do you want to see first: Tornado or Zorro?\" Joaquin thought for a moment, trying to think which one would maybe get him what he hoped for, \"Tornado,\" he finally replied. His father looked briefly surprised, but then smirked, figuring he understood his son's choice. Alright, then, it was early enough, no one was up yet, they could do that. \"Tornado it is. Come on, follow me.\" Joaquin followed his father to a staircase leading down in their house to the dying-fireplace-lit stable and gave a whistle and Tornado, lying down in the back of his stable, shot up and trotted forward.\" Alejandro smiled at his son, who had an amazed smile on his face, and nodded. Joaquin walked up to Tornado. \"Hey, there, Tornado,\" Joaquin whispered as he went up to pet the horse's nose. \"Would you like to take a ride, Joaquin?\" his father asked. Joaquin smiled eagerly. \"Alright, then. First lesson: how to saddle a horse. I'm going to lead him out and tie him up, and then you're going to help me saddle him. Good?\" Joaquin nodded. \"Alright, then, while I do that, you see the saddle pad and saddle over there?\" Another nod. \"Bring the pad over first, then the saddle.\" And Joaquin helped his father saddle up Tornado. When they were done his father hopped on and put out his hand to help his son up, \"Hold on tight. Ready?\" he looked back. Joaquin smiled and gave a thumbs up. \"¡Vayamos!\" Alejandro yelled as he kicked tornado to a gallop. \"Woah!\" Joaquin called, tightening his grip, to which his father simply smiled and then Joaquin asked, \"Papi?\" \"Yes, Joaquin?\" \"Why do you only speak Spanish to Tornado?\" His father laughed, \"Because this crazy pure-bred Spanish horse has never taken the time to learn English.\" Joaquin laughed too. \"You think I'm kidding. Look, I'll show you, we're nearly here.\" The church was just a few yards in front of them. \"Whoa, stop.\" Tornado continued, though slowing to a trot as he pulled on the reins. Joaquin laughed. \"Now, ¡whoa, parada!\" and Tornado stopped. \"That was awesome!\" Joaquin exclaimed. His father just smiled as tied up Tornado and Padre came out. \"Good morning Joaquin, Alejandro. To what do I owe this pleasure?\" \"Papi's going to…\" Joaquin paused as Father cocked an eyebrow and Alejandro laughed. \"He knows, Joaquin.\" Joaquin laughed, embarrassed. \"Knows? Then you told him, finally?\" \"Yes.\" Was his simple reply to which Padre just smiled and welcomed them in. \"Papi, why don't you keep it at home? Wouldn't it be easier?\" \"Possibly, but one, if anyone ever found out who wasn't supposed to, it's better for them to be separated and, besides, normally I come here first, to be sure of where the trouble is. Now, come on.\" And he led his son up the stairs to the stained doors behind one of the church's statues. Joaquin followed and then asked, confused, \"But, this is just a study?\" His father smiled, \"Ah, that's what it looks like. You must learn to look more closely than that, Joaquin.\" And went to open the top of the desk revealing Zorro's mask and then pulled out Zorro's cape and hat and sword from below and a cupboard. Then his father looked at his son, \"You know what, though, you've already seen them on me,\" he paused intentionally, \"How would you like to try them?\" Joaquin's face lit up, \"Really?\" His father smiled, gesturing to the costume, \"Go ahead.\" Joaquin lifted the mask to his face and fumbled to tie it and his father helped to which Joaquin thanked. Then he pulled on Zorro's cape, being careful not to tread and trip on it, as it was fit for his father, not his father's son. Then he grabbed Zorro's hat and swiped it just like his father, looking in the mirror, and beamed, \"I look just like you!\" His father was just staring at his son, he certainly did, \"Yes, you do, son.\" Joaquin frowned then, \"I guess I should take it off now?\" \"Well, we wouldn't want your mother to worry. You know how she is.\" Joaquin nodded and began taking off his father's costume and packed it away just like his father had had it. When they went up out to Tornado, Padre waving goodbye, and they back, Alejandro jumped on, but then scooted back this time to help Joaquin on. Joaquin looked questioningly at his father. \"How would you like to ride?\" Joaquin smiled and shook his head. Once his father helped him up and he looked once at his father, both smiling and his father nodded, Joaquin gave Tornado a quick and yelled, \"¡Vayamos!\" On the way home, now and then, his father had to help steer, but for the most part, Joaquin handled just fine, calling \"¡whoa, parada!\" when they reached home and even lead Tornado into the stable. \"Thank you, papi!\" he called. His father simply smiled and said, \"You're welcome. Now, let's get upstairs before your mother yells at us both.\" They smiled and went upstairs, but Elena was already up preparing breakfast when she heard the sounds on the staircase, shook her head, and turned to see her two boys coming up and in. \"And just where have you two been?\" she asked lightly, but firmly. \"I was just showing Joaquin where Zorro keeps his costume and giving him a ride over there.\" She nodded, \"Well, you're just in time for breakfast, at least.\"[Chapter 4] \" Well, you're just in time for breakfast, at least.\" How could I have been so stupid! Dammit! Someone's yelling at the bar across the street, hmph, well…Wait, is that Joaquin? Joaquin! What is he doing in a bar!? Oh, but that doesn't matter right now. \"Joaquin!\" Joaquin came over, going on about Elena and Armand, of course, I hadn't told him that, probably should have. \"How can you be in jail! You Z…\" \"Shh!,\" his father interrupted him, \"I know who I am and you do too, no need to yell it out. And I told you, even I make mistakes. Joaquin, your mother, she, she's not really marrying him. It's a ploy. She's in this just about as deep as I am, alright? Everything is going to be alright. No questions, now, okay? I'll explain later, at home. Trust me. Now, I need your help, but keep it simple. We don't want to draw attention. Understand?\" Joaquin nodded. Joaquin came around the corner, smiling and holding his slingshot. He was great with that thing, I knew, I'd been helping him with his aim in training. \"Joaquin, Joaquin! Genius, genius, but, \"I don't want you breaking anyone out of jail again, without my permission, of course.\" And, don't tell your mother about this.\" Joaquin nodded. \"Now, we want to be as quiet as possible and try to get out of here unnoticed, but the chances of that aren't perfect. If someone spots us, you trust me, right? Just help me out and go along with it, alright?\" \"Of course.\" \"Good. Now, remember that, be quiet, and stay behind me. Let's go.\" We turned the corner carefully, and then I sighed, and whispered to Joaquin, \"Changed my mind, get in front, and remember.\" I didn't give him a chance to respond as I pulled him in front, holding his shoulders. Then the idiots came out. Trying to get out of here unnoticed, without a fight, I pulled my arm loosely, but convincingly around Joaquin's neck, bluffing, of course. Joaquin, I almost laughed, remind me to also work with him on his acting skills, though, it wasn't bad, just not good enough to be convincing. I sighed and pulled him back behind me and out of the way. Well at least I can tell these idiots don't know how to fight, just call a bluff. Keep this short and get the hell out of here. Joaquin was staring at me admiringly. I just looked at him, our unspoken secret registering between us. \"When will I be able to do that?\" Joaquin asked quietly, revering. His father laughed quietly, \"With some training, later, and in private, with me. Let's not give your parents a heart attack, alright,\" he nodded, \"Good, let's get out of here.\" \"Papi,\" Joaquin whispered, \"Where are we going?\" Alejandro stopped and looked at Joaquin seriously, \"Joaquin, listen to me. I know you're going to want to help, but not this time. You've been doing wonderfully, but I need you to stay with Padre one last time.\" Joaquin started to protest, \"Joaquin, please. Not this time, in the future, when you're ready, when we've trained together more, which, I promise you, we will, but you're not ready for this. I haven't taught you enough, yet, and I need to know you're safe.\" Joaquin gave a sad smile and nodded, \"Soon.\" I just smiled, nodded, and kissed him goodbye, looking at Padre for security and he nodded to me. I didn't have time for anything more. **** How much I wanted to hit Armand! I was about to, but then Zorro, papi, showed up, of course he did, and I'd been worried! Mama had told me to be patient, and there wasn't much room to argue, so I did, I waited and now she was running with me through the train. I remember my father telling me so much earlier, when I first found out he was Zorro, - so glad I didn't have to find out due to Armand- him telling me that mom was an excellent fighter. I can begin to see that now. Now mama wanted me to go on my own! What?! From the moment I found out my Papi was Zorro I've wanted to help him, even before, but he'd been insisting that he wanted to train me more. Now mama wanted me to go! I wasn't sure I could. But, then she reminded me, I am the son of Zorro. Yes! I am! Of course I could, I would, do this! I nodded and went onto the other car. Tornado! \"Tornado! What are you doing here?\" Then, I wondered, had Papi planned this all along? He had taught me how to ride better and faster since I'd found out. Now it was my turn. I'd ask him later, but now, I finally had my part to do, and I would see it through. * \"Now, let's go find that son of ours.\" Zorro said to his wife. She smiled, \"Use your eyes, Alejandro, he's right there.\" So he was, \"Joaquin!\" I called, there was no one back here, and I ran up to him, Elena walking to give us a moment. \"Joaquin, I am so proud of you!\" \"Papi?\" \"Hmm?\" \"Did you plan for Tornado to be in the car?\" His father laughed, \"I hoped for it to work out.\" Elena caught up to us then, \"We both certainly are so proud of you. You certainly are Zorro's son.\" Joaquin beamed. \"Now, don't you have a paper you need to be there for the signing of?\" Elena asked. Alejandro winked at Joaquin and went off, for, indeed, the people were expecting Zorro to be there. There were Joaquin and Elena, Alejandro smiled at them, then winked once more at Joaquin and tossed Zorro's hat to him. He smiled back at me, put it on, and swiped his hand across it, just like I did. We would have an excellent time together now, truly a family, and I looked forward to training him, with acting, fighting, everything he would need to know, till, one day, a few years in the future, he could take Zorro's place now and then, and, eventually, as the new Zorro, our family secret. ","Summary":" Discovering the Family Secret AN:There is some Spanish in here, keeping with how it was in the movi"},{"Movie":"Pan","Title":"It Already Has","Author":"MeowMix1100","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11670727","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer-I do not own the Pan movie (2015) Also, I'd like to declare that their ship names is Times James Hook always confused Tiger Lily. Yes, he did make her smile and laugh, but there was something about him that she could never figure out. He flirted with her, yet she had actually given in a little bit. That surprised her. A lot. She stood on the cliff where James had come close to kissing her, but she had slapped him away. She smiled at that memory. She watched the sunrise, the sun's golden rays spreading out across the sky. She pondered about life, what was going to happen now? Now that Blackbeard was destroyed, what's going to happen next? \"What are you thinking about?\" She jumped ten feet into the air, only to find it was James. \"Sorry,\" he grins cheekily, \"Did I scare you?\" She glared at him. \"Sneaking up on me again?\", she huffs. \"Oh come on, you like it!\", he playfully whines. She rolls her eyes and returned her attention to the beautiful sunrise. He smiled and walked up to her side. \"What now,\" she groaned. Without a warning he kissed her. The kiss was gentle and sweet, and a breeze whipped by, bringing along petals of roses. She froze, not knowing what to do. Just as he was going to pull back, she kissed him back. One hand resting on his shoulder, the other around his waist. Both of his hands were on her waist. When they pulled back, she said, \"This is doesn't change anything.\" She turned around and walked back down the path she took to get there. Leaving him staring after her in shock. That she had kissed him back, he kind of expected that she would slap him. He slowly raised a trembling hand and touched his lips. \"It already has.\", he murmured. His eyes never leaving her form as she made her way back to the village Unbeknownst to the two of them, Peter Pan was on a tree branch, and he had saw the whole thing. He smiled to triumphantly to himself. \"It was bound to happen\"[Chapter 2] Later in the afternoon that day, James was sitting down and was staring into space. Thoughts flew around him in a flurry. When Peter suddenly sidled up next to him. \"Sooo?\", Peter wiggled eyebrows. James snapped out of his trance and looked at his friend. \"So what?\", James nonchalantly replied. \"I saw it,\" Peter smirks. \"Saw what?\", James replied, getting more irritated by the second. \"The kiss!\", Peter practically yells. \"What! You were spying on us!\", James glared at Peter. \"Well not exactly,\" Peter gave a goofy grin, \"I was minding my own business when I saw you two!\" There was a moment of silence that seemed to stretch for hours. \"What are you going to do?\", Peter asked James. \"I don't a have a bloody h*** idea!\", James muttered, staring down at the floor. He didn't expect that Peter would have advice, considering the fact that he would never grow old. \"Maybe you should talk to her and express your feelings?\",Peter suggested, \"I don't know.\" He threw his hands in the air exasperated. James looked at him, eyebrow raised. \"Maybe.\", he mulled. The Next Day James realized he hadn't seen Tiger Lily at all since the kiss. Maybe she was purposely avoiding him. Peter was currently flying around the island having fun and causing mischief. He sighed and put his head between his hands. Suddenly he heard a swish in the trees and Tiger Lily jumped down from the trees. Her eyes lit up in surprise at seeing him. \"What are you doing here?\", she asked in her soft lilting voice. \"Uh.\" \"Are you stalking me?\", she eyed him suspiciously. \"What! No, I am not stalking you,\" he stuttered. She didn't look so convinced. \"Uh huh,\" she replied sarcastically, raising an eyebrow. \"Really!\", he panicked, knowing Tiger Lily, she would probably punch the lights out of him like the first time they met. There was an awkward silence which involved both of them not looking at each other. But, James threw glances her way while Tiger Lily suddenly became interested in a orange tulip. \"So,\" he said, \"What exactly happened yesterday?\" She stiffened when she heard the question. She then closed her eyes in defeat and didn't say anything. \"Okay,\" his voice hesitant and light. \"I guess I'll get going then.\" Faster than you could say Neverland she stepped up and kissed him. This kiss was heated and wasn't at all gentle. He kissed back and it was that for around 3 minutes. At that time, Peter chose to come flying in. When he saw them his eyes widened with shock. And he immediately flew the other way. When they pulled back, they just stared at each other bewildered. \"What does this mean?\", he asked shakily. She bit her lip and shook her head. \"I don't know.\" ","Summary":" Disclaimer-I do not own the Pan movie (2015) Also, I'd like to declare that their ship names is Tim"},{"Movie":"Honey I shrunk the kids","Title":"The Unspoken Feeling","Author":"Lupanaridae","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8645239","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I rewatched this movie and was shocked to discover how little fanfiction there is for Russ and Amy, so I wrote this. Future chapters will be longer I'm sure. I just don't know when that will be. I am planning to do Nanowrimo this next month, but I will certainly not forget about this little story. Enjoy! 1. He saved you It was quite the traumatic experience, nearly drowning in your own backyard. The four young adults were worn out both mentally and physically from the ordeal. Since the water had been turned off, it was once again safe. For the time being, they were busy drying their clothes and cleaning up as best as they could. Ron was sitting on part of the flagstone, trying in vain to dry his jacket, which was now permanently stained with mud. Down closer to the water were his brother Russ and the Szalinski kids, Amy and Nick. \"Ugh, mud is still mud no matter how small you are,\" he heard Amy say. \"I can't believe some stores actually charge for this stuff.\" Ron cast a glance over to his brother. He had been very quiet since the sprinkler system was turned back off. After all, Russ had jumped right into the muddy puddle after Amy when she had fallen in, and had even had to use CPR on her when she was unconscious. It was obvious to Ron that his brother liked her. Why else would he go to all that trouble? Ron grinned to himself, thinking that his brother had been looking for an excuse to do something like that. He continued to watch Russ with renewed interest, and quickly realized that his facial expression wasn't one that matched up with this theory. He was still nervous and anxious, very unsure of himself as usual. What was the problem? He had saved her life! But his thoughts were interrupted by Amy again. \"That was really great, what you did for Nick,\" she said softly. Russ looked up at her to acknowledge that he heard her, but never said anything. He quickly returned to cleaning his arms. \"What about you?\" Nick spoke up finally. \"He saved you too, you know.\" That was it. The elephant in the room, and the reason why Russ was still so nervous. He had saved Amy's life, but she had yet to thank him. All he wanted was her approval, her acknowledgement of that fact that he had saved her. He wanted her to notice him. Russ had perked up when Nick spoke, and Ron could sense the awkwardness in the silence that followed. This was it, his make it or break it moment. Amy smiled sweetly and simply said, \"Yeah, I know.\" What a letdown, Ron thought to himself. Was that really all she could do to show her appreciation? Gosh what a bimbo she was. Returning his gaze to Russ, he found that his other brother was glancing down and trying to hide the smile and blush creeping onto his face. Apparently, that was enough acknowledgement for him. Ron just rolled his eyes. This romance stuff really made him want to puke. At least he could tease Russ about his little crush when he needed some good ol' blackmail and revenge. ","Summary":" I rewatched this movie and was shocked to discover how little fanfiction there is for Russ and Amy,"},{"Movie":"Honey I shrunk the kids","Title":"Honey, We've Been Conscripted!","Author":"HISTK","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4080412","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Honey, We've Been Conscripted!\" By www.HISTK.TV The author claims no rights to the intellectual property of this story. All trademarks and copyrights belong to their owners. Wayne Szalinski was soldering a circuit as Mr. Jennings walked into his work lab at JenTech West. \"Szalinski, just the inventor monkey I wanted to see.\" Wayne looked away from his project to see Mr. Jennings. \"Did you know when soda comes out of a restaurant soda dispenser it's already cold without ice and it stays cold for a long time?\" \"Yeah, I guess so Mr. Jennings.\" \"For years,\" Mr. Jennings continued, \"I've been putting ice before adding soda. So much ice and now I learn that all the ice did was take up space so I'd have less cold soda.\" Wayne wasn't sure where this was going. \"O.K...\" \"So I want you to build me a TARDIS cup. I got the idea from this show called Doctor Who.\" \"What?\" \"Who.\" \"Huh?\" \"Doctor Who.\" \"Who's the doctor?\" \"Stop it! Anyway Szalinski, on the show a box was bigger on the inside than the outside. I want you to make a cup bigger on the inside than the outside.\" \"Who would...I mean why do you want that?\" \"Duh, so I could get hundreds of cup refills in one refill and so I can get back at the restaurants.\" \"Mr. Jennings, as much as I would love to help you scam the fast food industry; have you considered that no dishwasher can clean out such a dimensionally transcendental cup?\" \"Fudge bunnies! Well, at least my idea is better than what you're working on.\" \"Actually, this is a revolutionary way to...\" \"Funny you should mention 'revolution' Szalinski. I need to ask you another favor.\" \"Mr. Jennings...\" \"Do you remember learning about the American Revolution in school? How the loyalists fought for independence from the patriots?\" \"I think it's the other way around.\" \"Whatever. I am a big picture guy Szalinski. When my country calls me for help I am there. So when my brother General Bull Lytton Jennings called me for help today, do you know what I did?\" \"You offered help?\" \"No,\" Mr. Jennings said shaking his head. \"I said I'd be there. I told him you would help.\" \"What?\" \"Military cutbacks have closed his base. My brother needs a place to put the troops so I told him they can crash at your place.\" Wayne Szalinski looked sternly at Mr. Jennings. \"You can't do that!\" \"Szalinski, it's not like you're giving up a right. I am just asking you to house and quarter soldiers during peacetime.\" Mr. Jennings tapped the table. \"It's that or 'Mister Endless Refills'. That is what I want it to be called.\" Wayne Szalinski's pager went off. \"It's Diane. Something is up at the house!\" Mr. Jennings looked at his watch. \"Fifteen hundred hours. You have to love military promptness.\" Mr. Jennings then tapped his watch. \"You also have to love anybody who can get twenty-four hundred hours on such a small watch. Crazy!\" Wayne drove the Szalinski van out of the JenTech West parking lot while trying to contact Diane through the Wrist Communicator. \"Papa Bear to Mama Bear! Papa Bear to Mama Bear!\" Diane answered back. \"Wayne! There are troops parking outside our house!\" \"I know. Mr. Jennings' big brother is visiting us apparently.\" \"But he tried to fire missiles at you and those aliens the last time he was here.\" \"Tell me about it. Diane, is Nick there?\" \"I'm right here dad. Amy's here too.\" \"Good. Nick, it's time for emergency plan L.\" \"What's emergency plan L?,\" Diane asked. \"Nick will explain. Just stay in the house until I get there.\" Nick reached behind the Szalinski Breakfast Buddy and pulled out a large envelope hidden behind it. \"Plan L,\" Nick explained while opening the envelope and giving Diane and Amy each rings, \"is to hide the lab.\" \"These rings look like the Thinkie Ring,\" Amy remarked. \"They contain Szalinskium like the Thinkie Ring but treat the Q-waves differently. Right now, dad is turning on the lab's Lay Low circuits remotely from the van. Those circuits emit Q-waves which create a mental blind spot for anybody who even thinks about the lab in the attic. These Szalinski Peek-A-Boo rings allow us to still perceive the lab.\" \"How come I didn't know anything about this plan?,\" Diane asked. Nick shrugged. \"I am the man of the house now.\" Amy admired the blue shine of the Szalinski Peek-A-Boo ring. \"So nobody else will notice the lab?\" \"Quark still can. You would have to be as mentally dull as an animal to still notice the lab without the ring.\" \"Ryle! Private Homer Ryle! Where is that...\" \"Here I am General.\" \"Ryle! What is that in your hand?\" \"I know you've been mad because I've been messing up lately so I got you a thermos as a present. It's a perty shinin' one with your favorites inside.\" \"What's in it?\" General Jennings shook the container. \"Two cups of coffee and a scoop of Chocolate Madness.\" \"Ryle! Why would you mix ice cream with coffee?\" \"I didn't think it would work at first either but the master-at-arms in the Mess promised me a thermos would keep hot things hot and cold things cold.\" \"Ryle!...\" Wayne Szalinski parked his van next to a tank and approached General Jennings. \"General. Your tanks and jeeps are blocking the road.\" \"Excuse me civilian. I am in charge here.\" \"Look General. We're at peacetime and since your base is closed maybe you can all go home until there is a war.\" \"But we are at war now. As of thirteen hundred hours we've been at war with the kingdom of Genovia.\" \"Why would America go to war with Genovia?\" \"We didn't. The Genovian kingdom declared war on America.\" \"Isn't that like a mouse roaring?\" General Jennings looked puzzled. \"Huh?\" \"I mean, why would a small kingdom declare war on a world superpower?\" \"The president appointed Christy Carlson Romano as a diplomat to Genovia. After she visited a reporter asked her how the kingdom's popcorn tasted and she said, 'It tastes like chicken.'\" \"Couldn't she tell Genovian popcorn tastes like pears?\" \"Of course. But the State Department told her to say it tastes like chicken. Chicken is the most diplomatic flavor because anything can be described as tasting like chicken.\" Quark, the Szalinski family dog, looked back and forth between his master Wayne and the general. Quark decided this is a wacky adventure to stay out of. He scurried to the backyard and barked the command to open the doghouse his master built. However, as the door slid open he saw a German Shepherd already in the doghouse. \"Who are you?,\" Quark barked. \"Name's MacArthur. I'm the troop's mascot.\" \"Yeah, well you're in the house my master built for me.,\" Quark barked back. \"You gonna move me pup?\" \"Maybe.\" Quark hoped his bark was tough enough. Meanwhile, Amy and Nick were in the attic. \"...And what happens if I take off the Peek-A-Boo ring when I am in the lab already?\" As Nick began to answer Quark could have been seen popping up in front of the attic window crying. He dropped back down out of sight by the time Nick and Amy turned their heads. \"Did you hear something Amy?\" \"Not sure.\" Quark ran away from MacArthur yelping in pain. \"Yeah, you run little punk pup.\" About an hour later, Private Homer Ryle was on the second floor of the Szalinski house looking for the bathroom. He tried a door and found himself in an attic with all kinds of electronic wonders. \"All these blinkin' lights. Like the batcave,\" Ryle thought to himself. He looked around and stepped on the blinking platform of the Time Hopper. It activated and rings of rainbow halos surrounded his body. Instantly, he was transported to the end of the Szalinski driveway and behind General Jennings. General Jennings turned around. \"Ryle! Where did you come from?\" \"I was looking for the bathroom.\" \"Private Ryle. I thought Uncle Sam had you housebroken after enlistment. This is a large metropolitan area so I would imagine this house has indoor plumbing.\" \"I was...But then I was here.\" MacArthur was lying in the glamorous new shelter he found. Suddenly, a bell rang musically. MacArthur put his left front paw on a button to turn on a magic window that showed him the outside world. \"It's that cat from earlier today. Clearly she wants some extra pain.\" MacArthur marched outside and suddenly heard a bark from above. Looking up he saw Quark on top of the doghouse tipping a bucket of water. MacArthur became soaking wet. \"Punk pup!,\" MacArthur exclaimed as the empty metal bucket fell on his head. He shook the bucket off and saw Quark running toward the house. \"I'll get you punk pup!\" MacArthur chased Quark through the doggie door and up the stairs. Quark slowed around a corner and MacArthur went faster around the corner to intercept. Before he realized it, Quark was on top of some kind of box. MacArthur tried to stop but slid into the box. Suddenly, MacArthur somehow found himself in a dog carrier stored in the Szalinski attic. MacArthur tried to struggle out of the carrier. \"Let me out pup! I shall return revenge! Do you hear me? I shall return or my name ain't MacArthur!\" A few moments later Quark pushed the attic door open. \"Hey, MacArthur,\" Quark barked, \"Visitor!\" The cat MacArthur bullied earlier in the day entered. \"Remember me?,\" the cat meowed. The cat's shadow fell upon the doggie carrier. \"Welcome to Catonimo Bay.\" \"Ruh-roh!,\" MacArthur groaned. General Jennings ran up to Diane and Wayne. \"Good news civilian Wayne Szalinski. The war is over.\" \"See, in six hours. I knew the kingdom of Genovia couldn't take on the U.S.\" \"What are you talking about? The Genovians are the Klingons of Europe. They slaughtered us.\" \"You look happy, General Jennings.,\" Diane remarked. \"Of course. Now that the U.S. lost a war to the kingdom of Genovia congress is increasing the defense budget for when the Genovian barbarians attack by sea. My base is open again!\" Wayne whistled. \"Wow, the mouse that roared.\" General Jennings scratched his head. \"I still don't get what that means.\" Private Ryle went through the house looking for MacArthur. \"Mac. Are you here?,\" Ryle asked as he opened the attic door. Ryle could here whimpering in a nearby doggie carrier. \"Oh, Mac! Did you lock yourself in there?\" \"The things I heard...Oh, the things I saw,\" MacArthur whimpered. Private Ryle took MacArthur out of the carrier and held him. \"Are you homesick, boy?\" \"The things I heard...Oh, the things I saw.\" Private Ryle held MacArthur as he stepped onto the Szalinski Time Hopper. \"You'll like this.\" Ryle materialized at the end of the inspection lineup. \"...And Private Homer Ryle.\" General Jennings looked up from his clipboard. \"Just in time for a change. But why are you holding MacArthur?\" \"He's homesick.\" \"Well, I guess we all are. Let's go home men.\" General Jennings took another look at MacArthur. \"I swear. If I didn't know any better I would swear Mac's shell shocked.\" MacArthur whimpered incoherently. The End ","Summary":" \"Honey, We've Been Conscripted!\" By www.HISTK.TV The author claims no rights to the intellectual "},{"Movie":"Honey I shrunk the kids","Title":"Thanks","Author":"Rosa Cotton","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2933464","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I own nothing from Honey, IrnShrunk the Kids ; it all belongs to Walt Disney Pictures. Thanks ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I own nothing from Honey, IrnShrunk the Kids ; it all belongs to Walt Disney Pictures. "},{"Movie":"Honey I shrunk the kids","Title":"HONEY, She's been RESURRECTED!","Author":"Rain Everwood","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7973854","Passage":"[Chapter 1] HONEY, SHE'S BEEN RESURRECTED!By: Ravin Wood, Shard Shadowhart and Rain EverwoodRavin: ok I know u guys r waiting for chapter 5 of KP-R and chapter 1 of LTT but I was writing them will watching Honey, I Shrunk the Kids! And this idea got loged into my : and so she Shang-highed us into doing this with : we hope enjoy this : if u guys like it u have to comment 1: Love beyond deathAnty's POV \"It's funny. It didn't hurt near the end. It sounds so dumb but in that 1 day I fell deeply in love. I didn't even think I could feel it. I was just a drone out looking for food. But I was an odd ball. I dreamed of life beyond the colony. Heh I guess this is why they always told me to stay with the group. And here I am, dead as dust looking in on my friends and… him.\" The ghost of the heroin ant stood on the window sill of the Szalinski's Kitchen watching them have a celebratory feast, the enlarged chicken filling the table. She stared longingly at a certain 13 year old human. A black shrouded figure appeared like a storm rolling in, settling next to the heart broken ant. It turned its hooded head to her and spoke in a hollow gravelly voice. \"Do you realize that you have done and witnessed things that have never happened before?\" Anty turned to look at the Reaper. \"Yes. No 1s ever seen Humans that small.\" \"Nor has a drone ever fallen in love or have a Human cry over her death.\" If she had tear ducts she'd would have been sobbing at her last memory in back to 2 days ago:Anty lay there unable to summon the strength to stand. She'd just risked her life saving Ron from Crimson. A mutant scorpion that was bright red unlike his black relations. He'd managed to back her into a corner and injected her with his venom before throwing her half a foot away. \" B bastered… goddess I hope they got away.\" To her surprise she heard Crimson scream in agony. She then heard Ron. \"Hay, where's Anty?\" \"Ron! I… I'm here!\" Her voice straining. Shed figured out that the Humans didn't understand her but she could understand them. They ran to her there expressive faces showing shock and sadness. \"Thank Goddess you're alright….\" \"He looks hurt…\" Amy's voice trembling. Ron fell to his knees in front ofAnty. \"Nooo…\" She caressed his soft worn cheek with her left antenna as he rubbed hers with his hand. \"Ron I kn know you can't understand me but I love you.\" \"You saved my life… it'll be ok\" There was no pain just the comfort of having the male she loved near. Her near 360 degree vision narrowed on his face. His blue eyes full of tears was the last thing she saw in lifeEnd of flashback:The Reaper rested a boney hand on her back. \"The Goddess of the ants has seen your bravery and your love. She wishes to grant u a chants at happiness.\" Anty was speechless, her mandibles wide in shock. \"Yes young 1. I will grant you life and even tern you human. You may keep 2 of your old ant attributes to prove who you are.\" Anty was in shock. She had a chants to be with Ron and talk to him. She thought for a moment. ~What should I keep? I definitely want to keep my antennae. They were the last this to touch Ron. Hmm but what else? ~Flash back to after they first met:Anty was standing there eating some cookie as Ron climbed onto her back. \"Hay what are you doing on me?\" Ron took no heed of what to the humans sounded like gargled notes. He smiled happily and struck \"manly\" poses. Amy folded her arms and glared. \"Are you guys shore he can hold us? Look how skinny his legs are.\" Anty cocked her head to the side. \" Uh… hello I'm a girl honey. And my legs might be thin but at least I have all 6 of mine. How do you even stand like that?\" Amy held her hands out at Anty. \"See! He's complaining. Ron get your fat but off of him!\" Nic walked up next to his sister pushing up his glasses. \"Amy, I told you ants can lift 50 times there wait. He's fine.\" Ron leaned down hugging the back of Anty's large head. \"I love how strong you are! Hahaha.\" Anty's heart melted at those present: \"I want to keep my strength and my antennas.\" \"As you wish. But be warned. You have 9 moons to get him to fall in love with you. He must say it to you and mean it before then or you will again die and loose him forever.\" \"Why 9 moons?\" \"It is the length of time it takes for a human to come into the world. Are you ready?\" With a final look at Ron she turned to the Reaper and nodded. A scythe appeared in the Reapers hand with a metallic clink. He raised it over his head. \"Remember, 9 moons….\" With that he brought the blade down on the terrified yet excited ant. ~Everything went white and then faded to black... I felt the chill in the September air. It felt like I was lying on a bed of moss. I had no clue why I couldn't see. That's when it happened. Something spasmed on my face and my eyes opened for the first time. My vision was clearer then I'd ever imagined. Though the field of vision was much narrower then I was used to. I looked down and saw human hands and I touched my face with them. I had a heart shaped face with large almond eyes my antennas were set an inch above my eyebrows. I had a cute round nose similar to Nicky's . My hair was gust barely shoulder length and it was a dark reddish brown. My exoskeleton was soft, seamless and the same chocolate brown as before. I'd find out later that my chest was slightly bigger then Amy's and I still had freckles. I tried to get up a few times falling on my face as I no longer had a thorax to counter balance my head. But soon I stood and took my first 2 legged steps. I grabbed some of the colorful shed exoskeletons from a string in the back yard and put them on. before going to the back door. ~Meanwhile in the house: \"I get it… French class! Hahahahahahaha!\" Nick laughed as Dian and May shared a knowing glance. Russell and Amy looked nervously at there parents. Just then there was a knock on the door and Amy shot up. \"I'll get it!\" She said a little to loud and to excitedly before running to opened the door. Standing there was a pretty 13 year old black girl wearing her close. Amy's eyes focused on the familiar antennas immerging from the girls forehead.. Amy screams backing up a bit. Anty rolled her eyes smiling. \"We have to stop meeting like this Amy. Hehe\" Every 1 stared at the former insect in slack jawed in shock. May Thompson passed out and Ron stood slowly. \"A…Anty?\" To be continued… ","Summary":" HONEY, SHE'S BEEN RESURRECTED!By: Ravin Wood, Shard Shadowhart and Rain EverwoodRavin: ok I know u "},{"Movie":"Honey I shrunk the kids","Title":"untitled part 2","Author":"Super Lemmingo","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/97851","Passage":"[Chapter 1] And in case you hadn't figured it out already, here's part two... DISCLAIMER: I don't own any of the copyrighted characters used in this fanfic. If I did, then I would be a whole lot richer. In actual fact, I own nothing but the word processor these words are being typed on, so even if TPTB did decide to sue me for my less-than-legal use of their characters, they would end up with less than they started with. TEASER (Clips from the previous episode, the usual recapping of what's already happened in part one, with some sort of annoyingly friendly narration, then cut to the opening credits) SCENE ONE (Wayne and Diane's bedroom on board the cruise ship. Wayne is kneeling on the floor, making scientific observations as he studies Nick's smouldering computer game. Nick is watching him with obvious concern, and Diane is sitting on the bed, still looking sick) Nick: Any idea what's happening yet? Wayne: No, and it might go a little quicker if you stopped asking me every five seconds. Nick: Oh. Sorry. I'll shut up then. (A ten-second pause) Anything yet? Wayne: Nick, you're grating on my last nerve. (He taps uneasily at the machine's screen, then frowns when nothing out of the ordinary happens) There doesn't seem to be anything wrong with the machine...except for the fact that it's not working... Nick: So why are my computer-designed killer ninjas running around the ship? Wayne: My guess is that when you spilled my formula over it, you caused some sort of quasi-electrodigital pulse to...umm...warp out from the system, engulfing the ship and its passengers, which somehow caused a flux to occur between the virtual system within your game and the real world, which has somehow allowed them to merge-- Diane: In english, please. Wayne: Sorry, hon. Basically my formula combined with the hi-tech circuits in Nick's game to form a sort of Virtual-Reality type universe, which we seem to be caught in the middle of. From what I can figure out, the only way to untangle the mingling worlds is to...as it were...\"complete\" the game. But, and here's the hard part, we need to do it on a **physical** level...which means fighting real ninja warriors--who, presumable consist of the previous crew and passengers of the ship--and taking on the real-life end-of-game boss, thus completing the game on a sub-virtual level, which would cause the rip in our reality to mend itself... Of course, it's all totally theoretical at this stage... Nick: Cool! Wayne: That's not the word I'd use to describe it. Nick: Are you kidding? All the other kids have to go on vacation in tropical countries like Mexico and Tunisia...but not me, oh no. That would be too normal for a Szalinski. **I** get to kill a whole ship full of tourists-turned-ninja in order to repair a gaping hole in the space-time-reality continuum! This is the coolest vacation ever! Wayne: First off, nobody is killing anyone. These \"tourists-turned-ninja\" are people just like us, and we are **not** going to kill any of them as long as we have the choice. Diane: I thought you said they were Samurais... Nick: They were. I guess when their world migled with ours it kind of scrambled their computer-processed genetic make-up, turning them into killer ninjas instead. Diane: I can't tell you how reassuring that is. (thinking for a second before turning back to her husband with a renewed sense of panic) Honey...what about Amy? Wayne: Ah. Yes. Good question. Umm...presumably, this situation has effected the entire ship, with the sole exception of us, which is presumably because, being the cause of this merging of realities, we were somehow protected from it's effects. As for Amy...well, unless she's hiding in the closet or something, then there's a very high probability that she has been sucked into this virtual world, and has become part of Nick's game. Diane: (standing) Oh, honey... (sighs softly, then groans and holds her stomach) Why couldn't you just send us into outer space again, or back to the real-life Jurassic Park like last year? Why did it have to be a **vacation**? Wayne: (putting his arm around her) I'm sorry, hon. I guess Szalinskis and good luck don't mix. (smiles) And for the record, it was closer to the Triassic than the Jurassic. The Jurassic period involved a more consistent temperate humidity than what we experienced, and-- Diane: Honey! Wayne: Just trying to lighten the moment. Diane: It's not working. Nick: So, what do we do from here? We already know that these virtual guys recognise me as Wonder-Nick, but what about you guys? Wouldn't they just ignore you? (thinks for a second, then continues without giving Wayne a chance to respond) Does that mean that I have to take on all those evil ninja warriors all by myself...? Wayne: Of course not! The characters in your game will, obviously, recognise you as the hero, as your friend demonstrated before. Even though you designed it as a one-player game, it is highly probably that your characters will recognise that your mom and I are not \"designed\" as a part of their system, and so will, presumably, see us as your sidekicks or associates. (looks just a little nervous) Which means they'll try to kill us. Nick: Oh. (frowns, then shrugs) Cool! Diane: And how do we go about stopping these ninja warriors without killing them? Nick: Yeah, Dad. I understand that we can't do them any real damage, because they're real-life people and everything, but somehow I don't think they have any qualms about ripping out our hearts and feeding them to us one piece at a time... Diane: (turning pale) Nick... Nick: Or chopping our heads off, tearing out our intenstines... Diane: That's enough, Nicky... Nick: Or just generally mutilating and decapacitating us, until there's nothing left but our slowly rotting bodies left to decay in a virtual world of tourists-turned-ninja. Diane: Nick! Nick: (grinning innocently) Yes, Mom? Diane: Be a good boy and shut up. Wayne: Don't panic, family. You seem to be forgetting that there's a genuis among us. I'm sure I'll be able to think of **some** way of stopping the ninjas without killing the host tourists. (thinks for a couple of seconds) Any second now, I'll think of something clever and creative... (a long pause) Yep, any second now, I'll be hit by a brainstorm...any second now... SCENE TWO (The corridor outside the room. It is empty. A few moments of silence pass before the door to the Szalinski room swings wide open and Nick leaps out with a heroic yell. He is dressed to look the part of his virtual-reality character, wearing a shimmering silver Karate outfit with a traditional black belt around his waist and a black bandanna tied around his head. In his hand is a conspicuously un-Ninja-ish laser weapon, evidently one of his father's inventions which has been made especially for the occassion...) Nick: I am the mighty warrior, the feared creature known as Wonder-Nick! Evil-doers beware, for nowhere is safe from my wrath! (flexes his nonexistent muscles and looks down the empty corridor) Man, this is so cool! (bounces excitedly) (A few moments pass, and the door opens again. Wayne and Diane step out, considerably less dramatically than their son. They are dressed in similar outfits to Nick's, but do not seem to be as thrilled as he is. Both carry flamboyant laser weapons) Diane: (looking very self-conscious) OK...so would you mind telling me again why we're going to be running around a virtual-reality cruise ship, shooting hundreds of killer ninjas with these little plasma ray gun things of yours **in our pyjamas**? Couldn't we do the same job just as quickly, and might I add more comfortably, in jeans? Wayne: We have to get into character, Di. And they're not \" little plasma ray gun things\". They are the new Szalinski Patent Pending Plasma-Powered-Pixel Projectile Systems. Nick: (muttering) \"Little plasma ray gun things\" sounded better. Wayne: I heard that! These babies are designed to release a flow of plasma-charged pixels when fired, which are harmless to humans, but completely lethal to quasi-human sub-virtual creatures like those ninjas. It won't hurt the host tourists, but the blast should be enough to form a gap in the reality-shift, similar to the one that's already formed, but in reverse, which should theoretically separate the virtual-ninja from the real-life tourist, creating two different entities, like the cloning device, only the \"clone\" would be an evil killer ninja. Diane: (obviously confused) Riiiight...then what? Wayne: Then, obviously, we would blast the ninja, scrambling his circuits and consequently causing him to literally cease to exist. Nick: And then all we have to do is offer to help the newly-freed tourist pay for the next twenty-five years worth of psychotherapy sessions... Wayne: (ignoring Nick) And then we just do the same again and again until we've rescued all of the tourists and Amy from the virtual world, which will cause the sub-reality shift to collapse in on itself as its supply of host humans is returned to our world, and then life returns to normal, and then we can enjoy the rest of our vacation. Diane: (totally and helplessly baffled) As simple as that? Wayne: (very pleased with himself) Yep! As simple as that! I told you it was no big deal! Diane: Firstly, no you didn't, and secondly, I was being sarcastic. Wayne: (taken aback) Oh. Nick: Can we get going already? Wayne: (looks around uneasily for a few seconds, before glancing at Diane, who nods at him with equal uncertainty) All right...let's kick some-- Diane: Honey! Wayne: Well...you know what I mean... Nick: (grins and waves his gun around with enthusiasm) Let's lock and load! (His parents look at him for a few seconds, then as a unit the three of them begin to walk down the corridor, keeping exaggerated fighting stances. After two and a half steps, Diane stops, looking at the door which is now on their right; it is Nick and Amy's bedroom) Diane: Wait a minute, honey. Shouldn't we check to see if Amy's still in her room? Surely it's possible that she managed to escape this reality-flux thing... Wayne: Actually, it's not...but we'll check anyway if it makes you feel better. (She gives him a grateful kiss, and they step towards the door, which Nick cautiously unlocks, leaping back as the door swings open, in anticipation of some heinous attack. When there is nothing but an ominous silence in response, he shrugs and steps into the room, followed by his parents. The room is exactly as it was when Nick and Wayne left it earlier, the only difference being that it is completely empty) Wayne: (turning to Diane) There. She's not here. Are you happy now? Diane: I...uhm...yeah, I guess so... Nick: (sarcastically) Oh no. No Amy. What are we going to do? (Suddenly the bathroom door swings open and three ninjas leap into the room with loud battle cries. They are dressed similarly to the Szalinskis, but their outfits are black and their belts and bandannas are white. They stand in a line, facing our heroes, with the largest and most well-muscled of the three (Ninja#1) facing Nick and snarling viciously) Ninja#1: So, we meet again, Wonder-Nick. Nick: Errm...no, I don't think so. I'd recognise your face. Ninja#1: Very clever, Wonder-Nick, but now is not the time for snide comments. You know why I am here. It is my sworn duty to serve the Master, and the Master has demanded your death. I will kill you, even if it involves taking my own life. Nick: Oh, please. (He holds up his gun and fires a stream of yellow energy, which hits the ninja in the centre of his chest, sending him flying back against the wall. After a few moments of agonised writhing, the ninja seems to split in half, forming two half-sillhouetted figures, a baffled-looking tourist, and a furious-looking ninja vampire. Nick grins proudly at his father) Nick: Great going, Dad! These things work perfectly! Wayne: As if there was any doubt. (Nick shoots at the vampire ninja with his plasma gun, vaporising him. After watching the scene in silence, Wayne and Diane smile, obviously relieved that the plasma guns actually work, and proceed to do the same thing to the other two ninjas, leaving only three helplessly frightened and confused tourists waiting for an explanation) Tourist#1: Errm...what's going on? Tourist#2: Do we really want to know...? Wayne: Fear not, citizen! Everything is under control. Now, we must ask you to remain in here where it's safe for the next...well, until you hear otherwise. (And without giving the tourists the chance to respond, he saunters heroically out of the room) Diane: (chasing Wayne out into the corridor) Honey...what about Amy? Nick: (following them) Forget Amy! What did you guys think of my plasma blasting? Wasn't it the coolest thing **ever**? Man, Joel is going to be so jealous! SCENE THREE (Back outside the room. The Szalinskis--minus Amy--are walking down the corridor, looking nervously up and down the corridor in anticipation of an attack) Wayne: Stay alert, Team. Enemies could be lurking around every corner. (The corridor is, in fact, a perfectly straight line with no corners, and it is obvious that any attackers would be seen long before he has the chance to do anything to them) Nick: (growling and pointing his plasma gun down the corridor in a threatening pose) Just let me at 'em! I am Wonder-Nick, the all-powerful warrior! Diane: That's enough, Nicky. There's no need to get carried away. Wayne: (snapped back to reality by Diane's voice of reason) Yes, that's right. It's good that you're enthusiastic about this little mission, but we don't want to get sucked into this virtual-reality world completely, do we? It **is** still only a game, after all. Let's not forget that. Nick: Oh, all right then...but it's still really cool! Diane: (sighing softly) So much for a peaceful vacation. Wayne: Gee, honey, I'm really sorry about this. It was all my fault...I just wanted to make you feel better. I guess I can't even do that right. Diane: (looking at Nick with maternal sternness) Actually, I can think of someone else who has his share of the blame regarding this little incident... Nick: Who? Me? You're the one who got seasick in the first place! All I did was try to stop Dad from poisoning you with his pink gunk! It's not **my** fault that the stupid universe decided it wanted to merge with my video game! That was just lucky. Wayne: (wearily) Does it really matter? Diane: At the moment, no. But... (glares at Nick again) We are going to have a very long talk as soon as all this is over. Is that clear, young man? Nick: (sighs and nods) Clear as glass. Now, if you don't mind, it's no longer plain old \"Nick\" but \"**Wonder**-Nick the great warrior\". You have to remember that in this world, I'm a hero... Diane: And **you** have to remember that in the real world, you're grounded. (Nick opens his mouth to say something, but changes his mind and shuts up) Wayne: Good. Now, if it's not too much to ask, would it be all right if we focused on the mission at hand? Those evil killer ninjas are not going to dissolve themselves, you know... Diane: Yes, all right...but can we **please** try and sustain a sense of reality? Just because the ship has turned into a video game is no need for us to turn into two-dimensional characters as well...We're still Team Szalinski, remember. Wayne: That's right, honey. (points down the corridor) Now onward and upward to the next level! The evil leader of the killer ninjas is just waiting to be vanquished at our hands! (starts charging down the corridor with his weapon at the ready) Nick: Yes Sir! (holds up his own plasma gun) All right, you horrible monsters, come out and face me like men! Or are you afraid of the great and heroic warrior, Wonder-Nick? (yells out heroically and chases his father down the corridor) Diane: (sighs to herself) Why do I even bother? (half-heartedly follows the others) (After a few minutes they reach the end of the corridor, which is marked by a huge yellow door with the words \"LEVEL FOUR\" written across it in dark blue print. Just as Wayne is about to open the door, five ninjas jump down from the ceiling, snarling angrily) Wayne: Oh, great... Ninja#2: So, we meet again, Wonder-Nick! Nick: Why do you guys all insist on saying that? I'm not going to be very happy if I have to tell every single one of you that this is, in fact, the first time I've ever seen you. Wayne: Here's a novel idea, son. Don't tell them. Just blast them. Nick: Good idea. (blasts Ninja#2, freeing the tourist and creating another killer vampire, whom he promptly sends spiralling into oblivion) Tourist#3: Who the heck are you? (Looks around in confusion, then notices the four other ninja warriors standing beside him) Is this some kind of fancy dress thing? Diane: Not exactly...it's rather a long story. Nick: No it's not. My dad spilled some pink gunk over my video game, which caused a rift to form between our two realities and turning the entire cruise ship into a virtual-reality computer game with real-life evil ninjas, whom we have to destroy if we want the reality-flux to repair itself and the real world to return to normal. See? Not so long. Tourist#3: Riiiiight...(backs away slowly) Wayne: It's true. (blasts the next ninja in an attempt to prove what Nick has said) Tourist#3: (watches the ninja split into two different people, and then watches as Wayne happily vaporises the evil vampire, and turns to grin at him) Wow...nifty special effects there, buddy. (gives an inane giggle and passes out) Wayne: Poor guy. He must be exhausted from all this warping between dimensions. (He chuckles to himself and proceeds to vaporise the next two ninjas. Nick grins and joins in on the last one, and when they have finished, they high-five each other and turn to Diane who is helplessly trying to explain the situation to the four newly-rescued tourists) Wayne: Come on, honey. Level Four awaits us! Diane: (sarcastically) I'm overjoyed. Nick: Yeah, me too! I've never got this far before. (Wayne dramatically opens the door, and Team Szalinski step through it, weapons at the ready as they prepare for the challenges of the next level) Tourist#4: (gazing after them in a state of panic) Hey! What about us? Tourist#5: Oh well...anyone up for a game of Go Fish? SCENE FOUR (The deck of the ship. As Wayne and Company emerge from the bowels of the vessel, it is becoming more obvious that the world they are in is not entirely real. The floor and walls around them are taking on a decidedly graphical appearance, and as Team Szalinski heads over to the nearest rail to look down at the sea, the water is visibly made up of electronic pixels in some places, using a very cheap-looking colour program) Nick: (looking worriedly into the sea) Is it just me, or are things starting to look a little more like my video game and a little less like the real world? Wayne: Hmm...very observant, Nick. It does appear that way. Diane: Great. What does that mean? Wayne: Well, looking at it in retrospect, I suppose the most logical assumption would be that the sub-virtual part of this makeshift universe is...errm...subsidising the quasi-reality part, which would, presumably, result in the eventual overpowering of the virtual world over the real one. Diane: In **english** please! Nick: Game and Reality trying to kill each other, Game is Winning, Reality go Bye-Bye, World turns into a giant video game with nobody 3-dimensional enough to save it. Diane: Oh. Wayne: I suggest we start moving a little more quickly. (At that moment, the ship seems to collapse, leaving Team Szalinski inside a large black box with electric blue circuitry lines running along the walls, ceiling, and floor) Wayne: Never mind. (A loud electronic bleeping sound is heard, starting off very quietly and growing in volume until it is a piercing squeal. Wayne looks around, clearly fascinated, Diane covers her ears, and Nick looks miserably around at the world he has created) Diane: Nick, remind me to put some major volume restrictions on your next gaming project. Nick: I don't think there's any danger of that, Mom... (After a few agonising seconds of bleeping, a dark figure descends from the ceiling, almost completely hidden by the blackness of the background. Nick is the first to notice it, and he cries out in surprise, pointing at the mysterious figure) Wayne: (noticing it) What in the name of Albert Einstein is that? (Without warning, the shrouded figure throws off its dark cloak and reveals its true nature) Diane: (relieved) Amy! Wayne: (surprised) Amy? Nick: (disappointed) Amy. (Indeed, it is Amy. She steps towards Team Szalinski, looking decidedly evil. She is dressed in a similar outfit to the other ninjas that they had fought, with lots of brightly coloured japanese letters woven into the cloth. Her face is filled with hatred as she glares viciously at Nick) Amy: So, Wonder-Nick, you think you can fool me by pretending not to recognise my true evil. I do not know who you think you are to venture so boldly into my domain, but I feel I should warn you that this will be your last ever mission, you sickening do-gooder. Nick: Huh? **You're** the final boss? But that can't be right...we're supposed to have another fourteen more levels to go through before meeting you. Diane: Fourteen more levels? Wayne: It's okay, Nickles. The reality-flux is obviously causing disruptions in your program, and things are switching around a bit...it's nothing to worry about. Diane: **Fourteen** more levels? Nick: This is it? What a total anti-climax! I wanted explosions and enormous hoardes of killer ninja warriors waiting to be vanquished. There's no way this game will be featured on the \"Top Ten Most Creative and Generally Wonderful Video Games Designed by Under-Fifteens in the New Millenium\"! I can't believe this...it's so unfair! Diane: **Fourteen more levels**?!? Wayne: Not any more, hon. The instability between worlds that the game's system was using to try and disrupt our reality's composition seems to have backfired on it. It's merged the two worlds together into this final show-down with this Final Boss, who just coincidentally happens to be the final member of Team Szalinski. Nick: So, even without the explosions and enormous hoardes of killer ninja warriors, this is like a battle to the death, with the sake of our entire reality on the line? Wayne: That's about the size of it... Nick: Cool! Diane: So...how many more levels now? Wayne: That depends on who wins this battle. If we win, then the world should theoretically be returned to its normal state, as this \"Final Boss\" is the personification of the computer world's attempt to subside the real world. If we defeat it, the threat will be neutralised, and we should go back to our vacation. If, however, Amy--or whoever Amy's character is--defeats us, then there will be nothing left to stop the virtual world from overpowering our own...which of course means that, if we are still alive, we will spend the rest of our existences wandering hopelessly around a world made up entirely of circuits and pixels. Nick: Loosely translated...Eat hot plasma, Evil Sister! (shoots Amy with his laser, engulfing her with yellow sparks and flames, but actually doing no real damage) Amy: (rolling her eyes) Is that your best shot? Nick: (keeps on blasting in spite of the lack of effect) Errm...actually, yeah. Diane: (panicking) Why isn't it working? It worked on all the others! Wayne: Don't panic, hon. You've got to remember, this is the final boss. Obviously it will have been programmed to be a little more difficult to overcome than the others. But I'm sure that if we just keep on blasting, the evil villain will be defeated and we'll have our reality back...and our Amy, of course... (adopts the annoyingly heroic tone that shows he is as much becoming part of the game as his son) So you just sit back and relax and let the heroes deal with this. (kisses her on the cheek with a patronisingly affectionate smile) Diane: (pushing him away with disgust) You chauvinist little-- (stops herself) How dare you insinuate that I can't take care of myself in a life-and-death situation! (raises her plasma gun, all the while glaring furiously at Wayne) You...you...**man**! (Insulted, she fires the gun at Amy, yelling over-enthustiastically. Her bright red shot mingles with Nick's yellow one, forming a multi-coloured forcefield to surround Amy. After a couple of seconds, the figure splits in half, as did all of the others, leaving a stunned and confused Amy standing two feet away from a snarling killer vampire) Diane: (scowling at Wayne) I think you need a reality-check, Mr. \"Hero\"! Nick: (grinning as he proceeds to blast the vampire) Yeah, Dad. It's only a video game, after all. There's no need to get all macho about it... Diane: I'd keep my mouth shut if I were you, \"Wonder-Nick\". Nick: Point taken. (After a couple of seconds exposed to Nick's plasma gun, the vampire dissolves in a rather cheesey-looking puff of smoke, and the virtual-reality black box dissolves back into the deck of the cruise ship. Team Szalinski, with the exception of a still-baffled Amy, take a look around, see that their efforts were successful, and release a loud celebratory cheer) Amy: I **know** I'm going to regret asking this...but what the heck is going on? SCENE FIVE (Amy and Nick's room on the cruise ship. They are packing, evidently in preparation to return home after their holiday. The atmosphere is relaxed and friendly) Nick: Some vacation, huh? Amy: Yeah...a real Szalinski experience... Nick: I still can't believe that we managed to pull off this room-sharing arrangement without you killing me...or even complaining at my compulsive tidiness. Amy: Yeah, well, I figured that seeing as how I tried to put an end to reality as we know it, the least I could do by way of apology would be to **try** and get along with you. And I guess that you're not **too** bad...as far as nerdy little brothers go... Nick: Thanks...I think. Amy: And as soon as I go off to college, you'll be out of my hair anway. Nick: Oh yeah. Freedom, here I come! Amy: Chill out, Wonder-Nick. I'm not going anywhere yet... Nick: Two and a half months, and counting. (grins, then thinks for a second) But it was a pretty cool vacation, wasn't it...y'know, once we had the reality-flux thing sorted out. Amy: Yeah, I guess it was. But don't you dare tell Dad I said that. Nick: Your secret's safe with me. Amy: Thanks, bro'. I can't get over how much independence they gave us. I don't think I saw either of them any more than three times in the entire two weeks! It was like they actually trusted us to get along without hospitalising each other. Nick: Actually, they didn't have a choice. Mom refused to let Dad make any more of his home-made seasickness formula, and she spent the whole vacation in the bathroom. (is struck by an idea and turns to grin evilly at Amy) You didn't have this whole thing planned did you? Just so you could get a couple of weeks of freedom? Amy: (innocently) Who, me? Nick: (attempting hopelessly to lift his over-packed suitase) Well, anyway, I think this should be enough to prove to them that we are mature enough not to need their constant supervision. I mean, if we can get along with each other for two whole weeks, we can do anything. Today a two-week vacation, tomorrow, the world! (laughs maniacally) Amy: You really are a freak, you know that? (Fade out as they exit the room) (END CREDITS) ","Summary":" And in case you hadn't figured it out already, here's part two... DISCLAIMER: I don't own any of th"},{"Movie":"Honey I shrunk the kids","Title":"Honey, Be Careful What You Wish For!","Author":"AmeliaHawkins","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/645646","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Remember, tomorrow Egypt History test.\" said Amy's History teacher. \"RING!\" The bell rang. \"Amy what are you gonna' do?\" she asked to herself. Amy got home. \"Hi Quark!\" she said as he waved his tail. \"MOM! DAD! NICK!, IS ANYBODY HOME?\" she shouted. \"I'm here sweetheart.\" said Diane. \"What's wrong? You look a little worried.\" t\"Mom, I have a terrible History test tomorrow and I don't know what to do.\" Amy said sadly. \"Well, I think that you better start studying right now.\" Amy laugh sarcastically and Diane smiled. \"Hello family!\" Wayne said as he went inside the house. \"Hi honey!\" he said and kissed Diane. Then he kissed Amy, but he notest that Amy look a little worried. \"Amy, is everything ok?\" \"I have an History test tomorrow and I have no idea on how I'll learned all that stuff in just one day.\" \"Jikes! I got an idea.\" Nick got back from school. \"Hi mom!\" he said. \"Hi baby!\" said Diane. \"Where are Dad and Amy?\" he asked. \"They are in the lab.\" Diane answered. At the Lab... \"Ok, Amy I'll let you use the Szalinski Time Hopper, because they say that there's no better way to learn history than by living it.\" said Wayne. \"Cool! That means that I'll travel to Egypt, right?\" she said. 'That's absolutely right!\" said Wayne. Wayne gave Amy the watch. She was dressed with a beautiful Egyptian dress and she stood in the Time Hopper. Wayne wrote in the Time Hopper - 1200 AC, Egypt - And... \"Cool!\" said Amy. She walked all around Egypt, went to the pyramids and to all those fantastic places in Egypt, finally she stop in front of a market. \"Excuse me young Miss, would you like to buy this wonderful lamp?\" a man asked Amy. \"Of course, this is sooo COOL!\" she said. \"Pardon me, cool?\" he said. \"Well, cool is a new word... never mind.\" said Amy. \"I have to go, thank you sir.\" tAmy walked into a dark room. Simultaneously, at home Nick and Wayne were talking. \"Dad, I'm sure that she won't appreciate the wonderfulness of the Egyptian culture, she's so d'classe.\" said Nick. \"Nick, come on. You know that Amy really needs a little push with things like this.\" said Wayne. \"Even if she don't appreciate it, she'll learn something for sure.\" \"A little push? Uh-oh, I think that she really needs a HUGE push with things like this. Anyway, I think is time to get her back.\" Wayne pressed a few buttons and... \"Dad, that was awesome!\" said Amy. \"What's that in there?\" asked Nick referrign to the lamp. \"What is what?\" said Amy hiding the lamp. \" I got to go.\" Amy went o her room and began to study, even if she had been in Egypt she needed to study a little more. She saw the lamp and though \"I think that after zombies, Leprechauns, aliens and all kinds of weird stuff, a genie could be real.\" So Amy rubbed the lamp. Instantly a genie pop from the lamp \"Whoever woke me from my beauty sleep must be in a hurry! What's your wish?\" he asked. \"You...you are real?\" Amy asked in astonishment. \"Of course I am.\" said the Genie. \"So what's your wish?\" he asked again. \"I can't ask for a wish if I don't know you. I'm Amy Szalinski and you are?\" she said. \"Well Amy Szalinski, I'm Jezzly, the Genie and I'll grant you 5 wishes.\" he said happily. \"5? Why 5? All stories says that genies grant 3 wishes.\" Amy said a little confused. \"Well, you can't believe everything you read.\" he answer. \"So, again, Amy what's your first wish?\" \"Ok, I wish... I wish to get an A+ on my Egypt History test.\" she said. \"As you wish\" he said. The next day Amy woke up, she was a little worried about her test, so she was in a hurry. \"Amy why you are in such a hurry?\" asked Diane. \"I'll be late for my History test.\" answer Amy. \"What? Amy are you ok? I mean, today is Saturday, you made your test yesterday, on Friday. You told us that you got an A+. Did you forgot?\" said Diane. \"Oh! Yes, I know. I was just...kidding.\" she said. \"Ok, then why are you hurried?\" asked Diane. \"Nothing, I just thought that this is such a wonderful day and if I didn't hurry I\"ll miss something good.\" she answered. Diane gave Amy that kind of look that means - Are you Amy or an alien?- Amy just smiled. \"Good morning!\" said Wayne. \"Hi mom!\" said Nick. After breakfast, Amy went into her room and rubbed the lamp. \"Hi! Amy. What's your next wish?\" asked Jeezly. \"Well, um, I wish to be popular at school.\" she said. \"As you wish.\" answered Jeezly. On Monday Amy went to school. \"Hi Amy!\" said Veronica. \"Hi Veronica.\" she answered a bit confused. \"Hey! Szalinski\" someone else said. \"Hey!\" she answer. As she walked trough the hall everyone said hi or waved at her. \"WOW! Everyone knows me, I'm popular.\" she tought. At lunch time everyone wanted to sit next to Amy. \"Well, uuumm, could you please leave me alone with my friend Danielle?\" asked Amy. \"Yes, Ok, Of course.\" everyone said. After school Amy went to her house. \"MOM, DAD? Anyone?\" she shouted. \"Seems like I'm alone\" \"Ring! ring!\" the phone rang. \"Coming\" said Amy. She picked up the phone. \"Hello!\" she said. \"Hi! Amy! Did you forgot our date today?\" said whoever was on the other line of the phone. \"Who is it?\" asked Amy. \"Oh! you don't recognize me? It's me, Derek\" he said. \"Oh! Sorry. Did you said that we had a date?\" asked Amy. \"Yes, oh God! you forgot!\" \"Oh! I'm sorry is just that I've been so busy that...\" she said \"It's ok, I know, been popular is not easy.\" said Derek. \"MOM? DAD? QUARK?\" Nick shouted. \"Wait a second Derek.\" said Amy. \"Ok.\" he answered. \"Nick, please shhh!\" Amy said. \"Ok, but where are mom and dad?\" asked Nick. \"I don't know\" she answered. \"Sorry, it was my little brother, sometimes I wish I was only child.\" she said. tMeanwhile at Amy's room... \"As you wish.\" said Jeezly. \"So around what time should I pick you up?\" he asked. \"Around 8. If it is ok with you?\" she answered. \"Ok, see you then.\" \"Bye\" She hung up. \"NICK?\" yelled Amy. \"NICK?\" No one answered. \"Ring\" it was the phone again. Amy pick it up \"Amy I'll be late tonight, so try to make something for you.\" said Diane. \"Ok, mom. What about Nick?\" asked Amy. \"What about who?\" said Diane. \"Oh, a new friend, huh?\" Amy was confused -How could a mother forget her own son- \"Mom I don't think that was a good joke.\" \"Baby, I'm not joking. Sorry, honey I have to go. Love you.\" Diane hung up and so did Amy. \"This is weird, very weird.\" she though. \"Ok, Amy. This is just a bad dream, you are going to wake up in a second.\" She closed her eyes, but when she opened them... anything had change. \"This is no dream.\" said Amy. She went upstairs and into her room. She saw the lamp and she rub it. \"Oh! Hi master.\" said Jeezly. \"Could you tell me what's going on here?\" asked Amy. \"Well, you have a few more wishes left, if that's what you mean.\" he said. \"No, I'm not talking about my wishes. I'm talking about, what happened to Nick?\" \"Oh!, Well that little boy, well he... exist no longer, that was your third wish.\" said Jeezly. \"My third wish? I don't remember making any other wish.\" said Amy. \"Of course you did.\" said Jeezly. \"Sorry, it was my little brother, sometimes I wish I was only child.\" said Jeezly mimicking Amy's voice. \"But... I didn't mean it.\" \"Well, if you say -I wish- I consider it as a wish.\" \"Well, maybe next time I'll be more careful with what I wish for.\" said Amy. \"So, I'm only child and I have 2 wishes left, that's GREAT!\" she said. -Beep! Beep!- ta car honked. \"Oh! I almost forgot My date with Derek\" said Amy. They went to the movies and had lots of fun, everyone at the movies waved at her, because everybody knew her. They went back to The Szalinski's home. \"Bye, I had a great time.\" said Derek. \"Me too, see you.\" said Amy. She went inside the house and then into her room, put on her pajamas and rubbed the lamp. \"Ok, another wish. I wish to be Mom's only preoccupation.\" said Amy. The next day... \"Knock, knock.\" Diane knocked on the door. \"Amy, are you up?\" asked Diane. \"Yes Mom\" she answered. \"Ok,Can I go in?\" asked Diane. \"Sure.\" answered Amy. Diane went inside the room with Amy's breakfast. \"Is it my birthday, Christmas or something?\" asked Amy. \"No, why?\" asked Diane. \"Because you've never bring me breakfast to bed before.\" said Amy. \"Well, I don't need a special ocassion to take good care of my girl.\" said Diane. t\"Where's dad?\" asked Amy. Diane sighed. \"Amy, why are you doing this?\" asked Diane. \"Doing what?\" asked Amy. \"Amy, you know that we got divorced last month.\" said Diane. \"WHAT?\" yelled Amy. \"Is this some kind of joke?\" \"Amy, I think that you have fever.\" said Diane. Diane touched Amy's forehead. \"Yes, you do. You better go back to sleep.\" She went out of Amy's room and Amy fell asleep. She had a terrible nightmare. She saw Nick inside a mirror. \"AMY HELP ME!\" he said. On another mirror she saw Wayne. \"Amy, let me out of here!\" Wayne said. Amy woke up, she was all covered in sweat. Amy went downstairs. \"Mom, aren't you going to work?\" she asked. \"Honey, I think that you are in some kind of I-forget-everything-stage. Come on baby, you know that I quit working, because I wanted to spend more time with you.\" \"Ok, sorry.\" said Amy. \"There's nothing to be sorry about.\" Amy looked through the living room's window. There were thousands of people out there holding cartels that said \"AMY WE LOVE YOU\" or \"YOU ARE THE BEST\", \"MARRY ME\", \"YOU ROCK!\", \"SUPER AMY\" and so on. \"What's all that out there?\" said Amy. \"Honey, that is only 2/100 of your fan club.\" \"WHAT? A fan club?\" said Amy. \"Yes, you are the most popular girl in the United States.\" said Diane. Amy turned on the TV. \"On other news, Amy Szalinski is the best.\" said a man on channel 25. Amy changed the channel. \"Today we have Amy's new video.\" said a young woman on MTV. \"Tonight on Charmed, our special guest will be Amy Szalinski!\" said a man on WB. Amy was in every channel. \"This is insane!\" said Amy. \"I'll go to my room.\" she said. \"Sure.\" said Diane. She went upstairs and into her room. Amy rubbed the lamp. \"Oh! Hi master!\" said Jeezly. \"How many wishes do I have left?\" asked Amy. \"Only one.\" said Jeezly. \"ONE?!!!\" yelled Amy. \"Ok, calm down, I can do this. I have to sort out my priorities.\" Amy said to herself. \"Let me get this straight, I have only one wish, to become unpopular, get dad back, get mom back to normal and even if I don't like it to, bring Nick back.\" \"Why would you like to do that? I understand that you need your mom and dad, but why would you want to be unpopular or to have Nick back?\" asked Jeezly. \"Well, Jeezly, I just don't like been popular anymore, I don't have real friends. These people just try to do what I like and not what they want. An about Nick, I kinda miss him.\" said Amy. \"Yes master, I understand.\" said Jeezly. \"But anyway I don't know what to do.\" said Am. She though, though and though... \"YES! That's it!\" said Amy. \"What?\" asked Jeezly. \"I'm sorry Jeezly, you are really nice but, I'll have to get rid of you.\" said Amy. \"I don't understand.\" said Jeezly. \"You'll understand in a second. I wish that I have never met you.\" said Amy. \"As you wish master. Bye.\" he said and dissapeared in a whirlwind. The next day Amy woke, dress up and went downstairs. She look through the window, luckyly there was no one there, she sighed in relief. She went into the kitchen. Amy hugged and kissed Diane \"What was that for?\" asked Diane. \"Because I love you just the way you are.\" said Amy. \" I love you too.\" said Diane. Amy sat on one of the chairs. \"Are you ready for your Egypt History test?\" said Diane. \"What?\" asked Amy. \"Baby, today is your test. Did you study?\" said Diane. \"Oh, yeah I study.\" said Amy. \"Good morning family!\" said Wayne. \"DAD!\" shouted Amy joyfully. She hugged and kissed Wayne. \"I love you dad.\" \"I love you too, Amy\" \"Good morning!\" Nick just entered inside the kitchen. \"Hi little bro' \" said Amy. She hugged him. \"Are you ok Amy?\" asked Nick. \"Sure, better than ever.\" said Amy. \"I think that it is time for a family hug.\" \"I agree.\" said Wayne. \"Me too.\" said Diane. \"Ok, just don't squash me.\" said Nick. They had their family hug, luckyly Nick didn't got squashed. Amy finished her breakfast and stood up. \"I'm so happy and proud of all of you.\" said Amy before she went outside of the house. \"Was that really Amy or her good clon?\" said Nick. \"Who knows...\" said Wayne. At Amy's History classroom... \"Everyone get ready for the test.\" said Amy's History's teacher. He gave the test to all of the students. \"Oh, God! What am I gonna' do?\" Amy asked herself. She looked at the test, but she didn't knew anything. She was lost. That was going to be the first test that she was going to left in blank. Suddenly something really weird happened, the test began to answer itself (with Amy's handwriting). \"What the...\" said Amy. She looked at the test again. Have she answered all those questions without even noticing it? On the test she saw something really weird, it was Jeezly, he winked and smiled at her. She smiled back and he dissapeared. Amy saw a note and read it: \"Amy it was really nice to meet you, I'll never forget you. Love, Jeezly.\" ","Summary":" \"Remember, tomorrow Egypt History test.\" said Amy's History teacher. \"RING!\" The bell rang. \"A"},{"Movie":"Honey I shrunk the kids","Title":"Not Good Enough","Author":"Rosa Cotton","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2721691","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I own nothing from Honey, I Shrunkrnthe Kids ; it all belongs to Walt Disney Pictures. Dedicated: To Brighty Not Good Enough ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I own nothing from Honey, I Shrunkrnthe Kids ; it all belongs to Walt Disney Pictures. "},{"Movie":"Honey I shrunk the kids","Title":"untitled","Author":"Super Lemmingo","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/91921","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Okay, here is the first draft of my fanfic, bear in mind it's a really rough draft, and is definitely open to tweaking and general mutilation to make it better. It's my first ever script, so I'm sorry if I've not conformed to certain rules, restrictions, or whatever...let me know what you think. Oh, and just in case you didn't know, all the stage directions/descriptions/etc are in (brackets)...well here goes nothing... DISCLAIMER: I don't own any of the copyrighted characters used in this fanfic. If I did, then I would be a whole lot richer. In actual fact, I own nothing but the word processor these words are being typed on, so even if TPTB did decide to sue me for my less-than-legal use of their characters, they would end up with less than they started with. TEASER (The Szalinski home, specifically the living room. Currently present is the whole family, with the exception of Quark. Wayne is pacing up and down, his stance serious and formal as he addresses the others, who are sitting on the couch, looking at him with curiousity) Amy: (frowning at Wayne with teenager-ish impatience) Dad, not meaning to sound pushy, but could you get on with it and just tell us what this meeting is about? I promised Jack I'd meet him at the mall nearly twenty minutes ago. Diane: Yeah, honey. I'm sure that whatever you have to tell us is really important, but I think you're taking this suspense thing a little too far... Wayne: (stops pacing and stands in the middle of the room, glaring at his family with obviously wounded pride) All right, all right. You've ruined the moment now, anyway. I've called this family meeting because there have been rumours flying around that you people are underestimating me and my ability to do things for myself. Nick: What **rumours**? Wayne: Well...not rumours par se...but I have been hearing things, or should I say over-hearing things. Anyway, I'm going to prove to all of you once and for all that Wayne Szalinski can do anything just as well as anyone else! Diane: Over-hearing? Wayne Szalinski, are you telling me that you have been eavesdropping on us? Your own family! (pausing for a moment) Hang on...what do you mean you're going to prove it to us? What have you done this time? (There is a dead silence, during which time Wayne shuffles his feet nervously in an attempt to maintain his facade of defiance) Diane: Honey... (in a threatening voice) Start talking. Wayne: Don't get mad yet, Di, you're going to be very proud of me. And you kids as well, so stop pouting, and prepare to be amazed. Amy: (under her breath) Where have I heard that one before? Wayne: I heard that. Diane: Just tell us what you've done, honey. Wayne: Well, you know how Amy is going off to college at the end of the summer, and what with the Chief's wedding coming up as well...I kind of figured that now would be the perfect time for us to go on a little vacation...you know, like a final farewell to Amy, the last Szalinski family vacation. So pack your bags, Szalinskis, we're going on a Caribbean Cruise! Nick: Cool! (jumps off the couch and hugs Wayne) Amy: (tries to hide the grin on her face) Yeah, cool. Thanks, Dad! Diane: (frowning slightly) I think we need to talk about this... Wayne: What's wrong, hon? I've sorted everything out. You don't need to do anything except pack your stuff and get into the holiday spirit! Don't you trust me? Diane: Errm...not really, no. Wayne: (looking shocked) Well, how's that for gratitude? I go to all this trouble booking a family vacation, and you don't have the decency to pretend to have faith in your beloved husband. I sorted out our honeymoon well enough, didn't I? Diane: No, your parents did. Wayne: Oh...well, what about that trip we took to Mexico, just after Nicky was born? Diane: That was me. All you did was lose the tickets. Amy: And the passports. Wayne: Ames, you're not helping. Especially considering the fact that I'm doing this for you as a special good-bye before you go off to college. (turns back to Diane) All right, then. How about the time we went down to the Grand Canyon? Diane: Honey, driving the car without getting lost does not count as sorting things out...and if you'll recall, it was only due to **my** navigating that you **didn't** get us lost. Wayne: (looking miserable) All right, fine. But this time is different. (He is visibly getting angry now) This time, everything will be perfectly wonderful. I've already booked the tickets, and we are leaving in three days time, like it or not! (moves to storm out of the room) And we are **going** to have the greatest and most memorable Szalinski vacation in the history of the world! And that is final! (He storms out of the room) Amy: That went well. Can I go to the mall, now? Diane: (chasing after Wayne as he stomps up the stairs) Can't we talk about this? (As Diane leaves the room, Amy looks at Nick, who shrugs back at her) Amy: (turning back to gaze after the departed adults) Fine, then. I guess I'll be back around half eleven, OK? Oh, all right, then, eleven o' clock. No later, I promise. Thanks, see you later, then. Don't worry about dinner, I can feed myself. Love you lots. (She shakes her head and exits as well) CUE OPENING CREDITS SCENE 1 (A semi-crowded dock on a sunny morning, three days later. The Szalinskis are waiting to board an impressive-looking cruise ship. Wayne is looking very proud of himself as he stands and admires the scenery, Diane is searching for something in one of the bags in a state of total panic, Amy is pouting sulkily at the ship, and Nick is engrossed in his newest invention, a small handheld video game system) Nick: Hah! Take that, Samurai scum! Amy: (glaring at Nick) I still don't see why I have to share a room with the brat. Diane: (looks up for a moment) Amy, don't call your brother names. (then resumes her fruitless search with renewed frustration) Wayne: We've been through this a thousand times, Ames. Nick is too young to have his own room, and it was more economical to have the two of you sharing anyway. Besides, it's only for two weeks, so stop complaining and start getting into that holiday spirit! Amy: (sarcastically) Yippee. Wayne: (sighs to himself and turns to Diane) What on Earth are you looking for? Diane: The passports. Have you seen them anywhere? Wayne: They're in my pocket, hon, as they have been for the past three and a half hours. Now will you kindly stop worrying and relax? I told you I would sort everything out. Diane: How do you expect me to \"stop worrying and relax\" if you keep reminding me of that? Nick: (looks up from his computer game) Well, I have complete faith in you, Dad. I know that you wouldn't do anything to mess up our last real family vacation. (gives Wayne a big grin and returns his attention to his video game) After all the help you gave me designing this baby, I don't doubt you for a second. Wayne: Ah, yes. The Upgraded Szalinski Arcade Game Emulator, or USAGE for short. The ultimate in portable game-playing machinery, and the first ever patent pending Szalinski & Son creation. A revolution in gaming electronics. How's that new program you told me about? Did you get those design flaws sorted out? Nick: Yep. \"Wonder-Nick and the Samurai Warriors from Outer Space\" is now up and running. Check it out. (holds the machine up for Wayne's inspection) I couldn't figure out how to give the samurai warriors a really evil-looking face, though...the stupid system wouldn't let me download a photo of Amy's hideous features...so I had to settle for vampiric monsters... Amy: Why you little-- Wayne: Amy! Nick, that was uncalled for. Amy: You brat, I swear as soon as we're alone, you are **dead meat**! Wayne: All right, Ames, I told him. Amy: (ignoring Wayne) You'd better sleep with your eyes open tonight, you little jerk. Wayne: (appealing to Diane) Honey... Diane: \"Wonder-Nick and the Samurai Warriors from Outer Space\"?? Wayne: (annoyed) Honey! Nick: You try coming up with something better that doesn't involve copyright problems. Diane: Umm... (thinks for a couple of minutes) Wayne: (in despair) Honey!! Diane: (turning to Wayne) What? Wayne: You're supposed to be telling Amy not to kill her brother. Diane: I thought you said **you** wanted to sort everything out. Wayne: Everything to do with the **vacation**. Handling sulky teenagers is not part of my job, it's yours. So you just keep me out of it! Diane: Wimp. Amy: Who are you calling sulky? Nick: Gee, Amy, I would have thought even **you** could have figured that one out. Diane: All right, that's enough. Amy: (still glaring at Nick) You're not gonna get away with this, brat. Nick: (putting on a miserable face) Mom...Amy's calling me names again... Wayne: ENOUGH! We are **supposed** to be on vacation, and I've worked really hard to get us here without any mishaps, so I'm expecting a little co-operation from you kids! Nick, stop tormenting your sister. Amy, stop threatening your brother. And can we all just **try** to get in the holiday spirit, please? Think about it...two whole weeks of sunshine, sunbathing, suntans, and nothing but the wide ocean for a million miles! Amy: And I'm stuck babysitting the br--errm, Nick. Wayne: You're **not** babysitting him, Ames. All you're doing is sharing a room with him for the sake of convenience. We don't expect you to keep your eye on him all day... (thinking for a moment) In fact, you're both pretty much free to do what you want. Nick: Cool! Amy: Does that include drinking? Diane: Absolutely not. Amy: Not even a little, in the evenings...? I am nearly 18, you know... Wayne: (firmly) No drinking. Diane: Nothing illegal. Amy: Well, so much for doing what I want. Wayne: Have faith, Ames. We'll get aboard soon, and you'll have the best time on this vacation, you just wait and see! You have Wayne Szalinski's word on that. (He strikes what he assumes to be a heroic-type pose, which in actual fact is rather silly and more than a little embarrassing for his family. Amy groans and covers her face, Nick coughs discreetly then stares down at his computer game, and Diane giggles and kisses Wayne on the cheek with an affectionate smile) SCENE 2 (A corridor on board the ship. Wayne is wandering down it, studying the little numbers on each of the doors that line the walls; it is clear that he is searching for their rooms. The rest of Team Szalinski are following a little way behind him, looking less than enthusiastic as they try in vain to keep up with him, while carrying all of the luggage between them) Wayne: (mumbling to himself) 634, 636, 638...here we go, 640 and 642. (stops outside one of the rooms and waits for the rest of his family to catch up with him) Amy, Nick, this one is your room. (hands Amy one of the keys in his hand) Here. Get yourselves unpacked and generally organised, and we'll be in to check on you in a few minutes. Amy: (taking the key) Fine. But don't expect me to help **him** with any of his stuff. Nick: (snorts) Yeah, like I'd need your help. Wayne: Stop arguing, get into your room, and start unpacking. Nick: Can't we explore the ship first and **then** unpack? Wayne: No. Organise first, fun later. Amy: Fine. (unlocks the door and steps unceremoniously inside, followed by Nick) Diane: (turning to Wayne as the door closes behind the kids) Do you really think it's a good idea to leave them alone together for more than two seconds? Wayne: Sure. What's the worst that can happen? Diane: I'm not sure I want to find out... Wayne: Come on, Di, lighten up! They'll sort their problems out without any serious bloodshed, they always do. You just need to have a little more faith. Diane: Nick still has the scar from the last time I \"had a little more faith\"... Wayne: This is different. We're on vacation. Diane: Oh yeah, that's right. Why would they bother trying to kill each other when a well-timed push from either one of them could send the other flying headfirst into the sea? Wayne: You're such a pessimist. Diane: (puts her arms around him) No, honey, I'm a realist. Wayne: (grinning) Same thing. (He heads over to the room next door to the one Nick and Amy have just disappeared into, and tries to unlock the door. After a couple of seconds, the door finally opens and he holds it open for his wife as she takes their luggage into the room. They stand and study the room for a few minutes, taking in the area. It is not a particularly spacious room, with one double bed, a small couch-type chair, and a coffee table. There is a large rectangular window, which shows a rather boring view of the ocean, which extends as far as the eye can see, and a little door which leads into a small, sparklingly clean bathroom) Wayne: Well, what do you think? Diane: Umm... (scrabbles for something to say) Nice wallpaper... Wayne: (over-enthusiastically) Isn't it just peachy? So nice and cozy and--look! We get a really great view of the sea! This is even better than I thought it would be! You've just got to be proud of me now, honey! Isn't it the perfect little vacation bedroom? Diane: Sure. It's wonderful. Wayne: (turning with annoyance) You don't sound very enthusiastic. Diane: You're doing a good enough job for both of us. (smiles) Really, though. It's lovely. Nice and simple, even if it is a little cramped. (hugs him) I'm so proud of you, honey. I really didn't think you had it in you to organise something like this all by yourself. Wayne: Well **I** knew I could do it. (He kisses her, and pushes her down onto the bed) Diane: (giggling as she sits up) Aren't we supposed to be unpacking? Wayne: No. Fun first, organise later. Diane: That's not what you told the kids... Wayne: (with a suggestive smile) I know. (pushes her back down) SCENE 3 (Amy and Nick's room. The layout is very similar to Wayne and Diane's, but with two small beds instead of one big one. Nick is sitting on one of the beds, playing his computer game, and Amy is glaring at the bag that she has dropped onto her own bed) Amy: Come on, Lord of the Losers. Dad said we're not supposed to have any fun until we've unpacked, so stop playing that stupid game and give me a hand. Nick: (doesn't even look up) Don't call me names. Amy: I mean it. As long as you live under this roof, you live under my rules, so turn that stupid machine off and give me a hand with the unpacking. It's **your** stuff too. Nick: You're not the boss of me. Amy: Don't make me tell Mom and Dad that you're being difficult... Nick: (mutters under his breath as he turns his game off) All right, then. Fine. I'll help you, Oh Holy Mistress of the Universe. What is it Your Ladyship requires? Amy: (smiling) Well... Nick: Sarcasm just sails right over your head, doesn't it? Amy: Just shut up and unpack your stuff, there's a good little brother. I refuse to touch any of your filthy little clothes, so make sure you put them as far away from my things as is physically possible. Is that clear, you nerdy little creep? Nick: (taking a couple of shirts from his bag) Yes, Oh Great One. Amy: I mean it, Nick. You'd better behave yourself this vacation, because I am **not** about to become your babysitter...at least not without being paid for it... Nick: Don't worry. Mom and Dad aren't stupid enough to trust **you** with the protection and care of their precious little prodigal son, anyway. Amy: You are really asking for it. (Before she has the chance to do anything to him, there is a knock at the door. Nick glances at his sister with a smug grin on his face, and moves to open the door, letting in a stern-looking Wayne, who stops halfway into the room, looking around critically) Nick: Dad, Amy keeps being mean to me. Amy: (whispers to Nick) Liar. Wayne: Ames, I thought we'd talked about this. I know you're not chuffed at the prospect of having to share a room with your brother, but-- Amy: Dad, he's lying. If anything, he's the one being difficult. Nick: Am not. Amy: Are too, you obnoxious science-geek. Nick: See? She keeps calling me names. Wayne: Will you two just stop it? All you've done since I told you about this vacation is fight and argue with each other. How about, just for this cruise, you **try** and get along? It's not really so much to ask, is it? I don't want to have to spend my entire vacation--which, may I remind you, I organised completely by myself--playing referee while the two of you try to see who can decapacitate the other quicker. Why can't you be mature about this? Nick: Because I'm twelve and she's seventeen. Amy: Because I'm a teenager and he's a selfish little brat. Nick: Am not. Amy: Are too. Nick: Am not, am not, am not! Amy: Are too, are too, are too! Wayne: Kids... Nick: Am not times ten! Amy: Are too times twenty! Wayne: KIDS! (They stop arguing and turn to look at him) Wayne: I'm not going to tell you again. I was hoping to keep this trip generally free of rules and discipline, but it looks like I have no choice but to say that if I find either of you fighting again, there will be a considerable punishment. And believe me, it will be a horrible punishment, the mere thought of which will make you quiver with fear. Amy: (sarcastically) I'm terrified. Nick: I don't think she's taking you seriously, Dad. Shouldn't you punish her for that? Amy: Argh, Nick, just shut up! Wayne: That does it. Nick, come with me. Nick: Where are we going? Wayne: I'm taking you to your mother. She's better at this sort of thing than I am. (As they head out of the room, Amy winks at Nick and picks up his computer game from the table, where he put it down earlier) Amy: (throwing the game carelessly at Nick) Don't forget this, Wonder-Nerd. Nick: (catching the game) It's Wonder-**Nick**, you ignorant plebeian. Amy: (yelling after Nick as he follows Wayne out of the room) You are so lucky I don't know what the heck you just called me... SCENE 4 (Back in Wayne and Diane's room. Diane is trying, and evidently failing, to unpack and sort out their clothes, resulting in a devastating mess and obvious frustration. Wayne storms in, closely followed by Nick, who is once again engrossed in his game) Diane: (looking up from the mess to glance briefly at Wayne) Welcome back, hon, how were the kids settling in? (notices Nick) Oh, hi Nicky. Wayne: Where did I go wrong? (throws his hands up and sits down on the edge of the bed in despair) I planned everything perfectly! What did I do wrong? Diane: I told you, honey. You don't put a twelve-year-old little boy in the same room as a nearly- grown-up teenager. It's the formula for disaster. Wayne: (putting his head in his hands) No, **I'm** the formula for disaster. Diane: Don't be ridiculous. Everything else has worked out fine so far. Whatever happened to the famous Wayne Szalinski optimism that you were so full of before? Wayne: It walked into the kids' room... (Suddenly a horn sounds, and there is the sensation of motion. Wayne and Diane head over to the window, looking to see what is going on) Wayne: Great. We've set sail. So much for giving up and going home. Nick: You do realise that this is all Amy's fault. Diane: How do you figure that? Nick: She's impossible to get along with! Diane: Then try harder. Nick: Easier said than done, Mom. This is **Amy** we're talking about. Wayne: Nick, it only takes one person to walk away from an argument. Nick: So why does it always have to be me? (Before Wayne has the chance to respond to this, Diane steps back away from the window and sits down heavily on the bed, suddenly looking very uncomfortable. Wayne watches her with concern, and then moves to sit beside her) Wayne: Honey? Are you all right? Diane: Mm...yeah, I'm fine...feeling kind of queasy, that's all. Wayne: You want to lie down? Diane: No, I think I'll be okay...it's just a little motion sickness. Wayne: You sure? You're looking very pale. Diane: Yeah...it should go away in a few minutes. (takes a deep breath) I hope... Wayne: I brought some of my chemicals with me. If you want, I could mix up some medicine that'll settle your stomach in no time. Nick: (giggling) You mean like the last medicine you mixed up? The green stuff that was meant to stop my tonsils from hurting when I had tonsilitis... (turning to Diane) If he's planning anything like that, you'd better run for your life while you still can. Wayne: That was different. My skills have improved since then. Nick: Well, you couldn't have gotten much worse, could you? Wayne: Nicholas Bradbury Szalinski, that was totally uncalled for and highly disrespectful! If I say my skill have improved, then by Newton's dead goldfish, they have improved! Diane: (weakly) Really, honey, it's nothing. Don't trouble yourself. Wayne: Oh, it's no trouble, hon. It won't take a nanosecond to mix the formula. You'll be ship- shape again faster than you can say \"lithium hydroxide\". Diane: I wish you wouldn't... Nick: You'll be wishing it even more in a couple of minutes. (Wayne is already searching through the luggage for his chemicals. After a couple of seconds, he takes out a couple of beakers, each one half-filled with unnaturally-coloured liquids, and he begins to pour the contents of one beaker carefully into the other. He repeats the process a few more times, until he has used up four different coloured beakers and make a horrendous mess all over the table. When he has finished, he holds up a large conical flask filled up to the rim with a thick liquid that is a worryingly bright shade of luminous pink, and carries the flask over to his wife, who is now laying down on the bed, looking miserable) Wayne: Here you go, hon. Drink up. Diane: You seriously expect me to drink that? It looks like a cross between something from an alien species and one of Amy's fashion lipsticks. Wayne: (holding the bottle up to the light with a paternal smile on his face) Don't judge a Wayne Szalinski home-made seasickness remedy by it's colour, Di. Diane: But it's **pink**. Wayne: So is Calemine Lotion. Nick: You ever tried drinking Calemine Lotion? Wayne: No...but... Diane: Forget it, honey. I know you meant well, but I think I'd sooner suffer in silence than drink something that looks like it could be a special guest on Star Trek. Wayne: It'll make you feel better. Diane: I feel fine. Never felt better. Wonderful. Fantastic. (smiles at him and stands up, swaying unsteadily on her feet for a few seconds before groaning and clutching her stomach) Or maybe not... (carefully lays back down again, moaning softly) Wayne: Come on, honey, what have you got to lose? Diane: Well, my lunch for one thing. Nick: (standing up and moving to study the contents of the flask) Yuck. Wayne: Don't you \"Yuck\" me, young man! Diane: (closing her eyes) Please don't make me do this... (Wayne holds out the bottle, looking at his wife with a hopeful expression on his face, which he keeps on until she opens her eyes again. Nick follows his father, still studying the pink liquid with scientific fascination. Wayne glares at him warningly) Wayne: Honey...I promise it'll make you feel better. Diane: (sitting up, she sighs loudly and takes the bottle from her husband) Oh, all right. It can't exactly make me feel much worse, can it? Nick: Oh no! It's the tonsilitis story all over again! (He lunges towards Diane, in a juvenile attempt to grab the bottle from her. Wayne yells out and stumbles backwards, letting go of the bottle, and Diane does the same. The bottle crashes to the ground, spraying bright pink gloop everywhere, including over the carpet, the bed, the table, and Nick and his computer game, which sparks precariously) Wayne: (annoyed) My remedy! Nick: (in complete despair) My game! Diane: (groaning) My stomach! (jumps up from the bed and runs into the bathroom) Wayne: Nick, look what you've done! Nick: It's not my fault! You were going to poison Mom! Wayne: I was **not** going to poison her. I was going to cure her. I don't know what's gotten into you, young man, but I suggest you snap out of it pretty soon! (visibly furious) Now go back to your room, and help your sister finish unpacking, and if I hear another word from either of you that is **anything** but positive, then there will be serious repercussions! Is that clear? (not giving Nick a chance to respond) I am **very** disappointed in you. Nick: (looking miserable) What about my game? Wayne: (stops fuming to stare at the sparking machine) Just leave it here. I'll try and figure out what's wrong with it later. Now get back to your room. (As Nick skulks out, slamming the door behind him, Wayne turns to the bathroom door, which Diane has closed behind her. He coughs discreetly and knocks) Wayne: Uh...honey...? SCENE FIVE (Nick is walking from Wayne's room, when he is approached by a well-muscled individual in a Ninja-type outfit. The stranger makes some incoherent sounds and proceeds to demonstrate some rather impressive moves to Nick, who stares at him in surprise) Nick: Hi there. And you might be...? Stranger: Do not play the fool with me, Wonder-Nick! I know you plan to overthrow our great master, and I will put a stop to your righteous plans with my Ninja Darkness. HiiiYahhh!! (He once again performes some Ninja moves, all of which come no closer than six inches from Nick's body. Nick watches him, unimpressed) Nick: Excuse me, sir, but what the heck are you doing? Stranger: I will destroy you, Wonder-Nick. You will not be allowed to reach our master without serious internal bleeding. Prepare to suffer, do-gooder! Nick: Oh-kay... (starts to back away from the obvious lunatic) Hey, wait a minute...did you just call me Wonder-Nick? (thinks for a second) Uh oh. (runs towards Wayne's door in desperation) Dad? DAD!! Open the door, now! (bangs desperately on it) (Wayne opens the door, looking very angry. Without a word of explanation, Nick runs into the room, and pushes the door closed behind him, almost decapacitating his father as he does so) Nick: Dad...I think we have a problem... ","Summary":" Okay, here is the first draft of my fanfic, bear in mind it's a really rough draft, and is definite"},{"Movie":"Honey I shrunk the kids","Title":"bigger the moon","Author":"Anna Nigma","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5965185","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I have never shrunk my children. This is probably because I don't have children. Or a shrink ray. A/N: I caught this on TV the other day and was reminded of how much I love it. bigger the moon if we don't succeed we run the risk of failure Russ likes football. Really. He likes the throwing and the catching and the running and the slamming into people. He likes the strategy and the energy and the brutality. He doesn't mind the long practices or getting knocked down or the fact that the coach is a prick. But eventually he gets sick of waiting so he peels his ass off the bench and leaves because Russ knows that if you aren't winning, you're losing and he hates, hates, hates to lose. Russ is his father's son. you can pick your nose but you can't pick your family He wishes Nick Szalinsky was his brother. Ron is athletic and tall and pushy. He breaks windows and gets into fights and lifts weights without being forced. He likes fishing and camping. Ron is not a disappointment. He shouldn't have to live up to his younger brother but he does and it sucks. And he can't help but think that if it was Nick, if Nick was his brother, if Nick was the one he was being compared to . . . He'd look like freaking Hercules. necessity is the mother of invention Amy is soaking wet, covered in mud, and still the prettiest girl he knows. She's also not breathing. This is a problem. It isn't a problem he's particularly equipped to solve. Russ has never performed artificial respiration before. He's never even taken a class. He's seen it on TV, like, once but that's going to have to be enough because it's all he's got and it's not like anyone else is leaping into action. It's enough. He's too busy feeling lucky to feel like a hero. dogs are the best people In the end it's Quark that saves them. He hears them when no one else can, carries them into the house, and keeps Nick from getting eaten. No one else seems to recognize just how important the dog is to their rescue. They fawn over Mr. Szalinsky's machine, scratch the terrier behind the ears, and move on. Russ brings him a treat every time he visits until the day Quark dies. size (really) doesn't matter . . . but it's not like he's say no to a few more inches. A/N: Just a little break from my long term projects. It seemed like a fun way to welcome myself back to the site now that summer vacation has started for me and I'll actually have time to write again. As always, reviews are both appreciated and adored. : ) ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I have never shrunk my children. This is probably because I don't have children. Or a s"},{"Movie":"Honey I shrunk the kids","Title":"I Dream of You","Author":"Aniskaya","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/997857","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: I Dream of You Author: Anisky Disclaimer: Nothing you see here belongs to me.xa0 Honey I Shrunk the Kids the TV Show, andrneverything in it belong to Disney. Summary: Come on, are you really saying you saw no romantic tension between Morpheus and Amy in \"Honey, I'm Dreamin… But Am I?\" Archiving: Just ask me first! HoneyB87@aol.com \"Oh god, my parents are going to kill me!\" screeched Amy asrnshe looked at her watch.xa0 \"It's almostrn12:30!\" \"Oh, loosen up,\" Jason leaned back and smirked. \"Loosen up?!\" Amy stared at him.xa0 \"Take me home NOW!\" Jason rolled his eyes and put one arm around her.xa0 \"Come on.xa0rnIt's no big deal.\" Amy couldn't believe this.xa0rn\"Take me home if you EVER want to be able to have children.\" \"I don't want kids,\" Jason shrugged. Amy couldn't help it.xa0rnShe laughed.xa0 \"Um, Jason, itrnmeans that I'm going to kick you in the groin.\"xa0 'And I thought that * I* was stupid!', she thought,rnastonished that someone could really be that clueless. Jason laughed right back.xa0rn\"As if you could.\" So, Amy turned and did exactly shat she threatened to. \"OWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!!!! SON OF A—\" ********* When Amy got home, her hair was all messed up and she wasrnpanting.xa0 Her parents were waiting forrnher. \"Amy,\" Wayne greeted his daughter angrily.xa0 \"You are an HOUR late!\" \"We gave you the midnight curfew because we trusted you,rnAmy,\" Diane added.xa0 \"Why on Earth arernyou so late?\" \"Jason wouldn't take me home!!\" Amy exclaimed. She wouldn'trnget in trouble for something that wasn't her fault! No way! \"He wouldn't?\" Diane got up and paced across the room, herrnlips in a tight line. \"I kneed him in the groin,\" Amy informed them. \"Good girl, Amy!\" exclaimed Wayne. \"That's it, I am going to call his parents!\" Diane walkedrnswiftly to the phone and picked it up. \"NO!\" Amy put in quickly.xa0rnHer parents looked at her, startled.xa0rn\"If you call his parents, everyone will say I'm an ice queen or a littlernchild crying to Mommy or something.xa0 YournCAN'T, it'll ruin my entire life!\" \"But Amy, that's not right!\" Wayne looked confused. \"Well, anyway,\" Diane, like the lawyer she was, tried tornfind a way so that nobody in her family would get upset, 'We can wait onrncalling, it's too late now anyway and we should call with axa0 clear head.\" It didn't work.xa0 \"Irnhate you!\" yelled Amy.xa0 \"You don'trnunderstand.xa0 You just want to ruin myrnlife!\" She ran upstairs and slammed the door to her bedroom so hard that thernhouse rattled. Diane shrugged at Wayne, but looked concerned. Upstairs, Amy crawled under her covers and cried.xa0 Her life was over.xa0 Why did her parents have to act that way? She shouldn't have toldrnthem.xa0 At least is was kind of cool tornbe grounded.xa0 Nobody would think it wasrncool to be a crybaby.xa0 Why was Jasonrnsuch an idiot? Boys absolutely sucked. Finally, after many tears and much self-pity, Amy driftedrninto a rather interesting sleep. ********* Amy looked around.xa0rnEverything was gray, as if she was standing inside of a cloud.xa0 \"Hello?\" She called.xa0 \"Is anybody there?\" \"Hello, Amy.\"xa0 Shernturned and saw someone standing there, smiling at her. \"Morpheus!\" Amy was startled. It had been over a year sincernthe fiasco with the dream scooter.xa0 \"Isrnsomething… wrong?\" \"Oh no no, don't you worry.xa0rnNobody in your family is in any trouble with me.\"xa0 Morpheus reached up and stroked Amy'srnhair.xa0 \"You look different.\" It was true, Amy's long and curly hair was now short andrnstraight.xa0 She was older now too.xa0 \"You, erm, don't…\" \"I can look however I want,\" Morpheus told Amy.xa0 His skin turned from gray to tan, his eyesrnturned to blue, and his face became less gaunt.xa0 Suddenly Amy was looking at the man of her dreams.xa0 \"You see?\" He turned back into his old self,rnand curled a piece of Amy's hair around his finger. She stepped back.xa0 \"Wha…\"rnShe bit her lip.xa0 \"What…\" she triedrnagain, clearing her throat.xa0 Morpheusrnchuckled. \"Are you really Morpheus, or a dream, or I mean…\" \"I'm always a dream, Amy.xa0rnYou know that.\" Amy blushed.xa0 \"Yes, Irnknow that, but… well I mean…\" She trailed off, unsure of how to explainrnherself. \"I am as real as I was the last time we met,\" Morpheus toldrnher. Amy nodded, and looked around again.xa0 \"It's rather dreary here, isn't it?\" \"Like me, it can look like whatever you want.\"xa0 Morpheus snapped his fingers, and suddenlyrnit was a beautiful countryside, complete with a waterfall. \"Wow… this is beautiful.\"xa0rnAmy walked over to the waterfall and ran a hand under the water.xa0 \"It feels real!\" She laughed. \"It is real,\" Morpheus's voice whispered in her ear.xa0 Amy jumped, turned to find Morpheus a fewrninches from her.xa0 Once again, Amyrnblushed. \"Why am I here?\" she asked. \"Why? You don't like this place?\" \"No! It's great.\" She smiled hesitantly.xa0 \"Really.xa0rnI meant, why are you doing this?\" Morpheus paused, cocking his head as he considered.xa0 \"I missed you.\" \"Me? You missed me?\" Amy's eyes widened. \"Indeed,\" Morpheus smiled.xa0rn\"You are so beautiful, and you understood dreams the way nobody elsernhas.\" He reached out, and suddenly there was a red rose in his hand.xa0 He gave it to Amy with a smile. ********* Amy woke with a start, feeling the dried tears on eachrncheek.xa0 She reached up to wipe the away,rnbut found that tucked in her arms was a perfect, thorn less red rose. ","Summary":" Title: I Dream of You Author: Anisky Disclaimer: Nothing you see here belongs to me.xa0 Honey I Shr"},{"Movie":"Honey I shrunk the kids","Title":"Dead Last","Author":"houndour228","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/645634","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dead Last written by Rafael Rivera Chapter 1: Daddy's new invention On January 15, 2002 an exhausted day of school, Nick finds himselfnhearing a song of an unknown woman singer on the radio. He didnt know whonthat was tuntil Joel told him it was Madonna. Nick became a fan immediatly.nWhen he got home, he quickly connected to the internet and began to lookninformation about her. He bought two of her albums: Ray of light andnMusic. His mom, Diane, said that she was a very nice singer. Amy likes herntoo, in fact, she used to have her 1995 album, \"Something to remember\",nthat was until Quark took the disc and broke it. Nick was sad because henwould like to hear her old songs, but it was really hard for him to findnher 80's albums in today's music stores. Wayne saw what was happening, andnhe invented The Szalinski Music Finder. Wayne wanted to give Nick his newninvention as a present for such good grades, Nick had in the past semester.n Nick opened his father's present, and he jumped joyfully. That same day henbegan to look for Madonna's old songs. An record them into a recordablenCD. But there was a serial problem about The Szalinski Music Finder. Thenletters were not the real letter as they apperar. When he put down on theninvetion, the name of Madonna to search for her songs, he was actuallynwriting Marilyn Manson. But since he didnt notice, he was delighted onnhearing such good songs, like \"True Blue\", \"La isla bonita\", and \"Like anprayer\". Two weeks after he began to feel strange. He had no longer thennerdy look. He changed a lot. He puted on himself three tatoos. One in hisnarm, the other one in his leg and the third one in his chest. Also he hadnan earring on his nose. Diane and Wayne saw him like that in school, they screamed like CourtneynCox in the movie Scream 3. Amy was like: \" Who's that?, Cool, WHAT?????nTh... THAT'S NICK!, Right?\" Chapter 2: The effects Amy went forward to Nick and she told him to take off everything that henhad on. He said \"May all be well with mankind. May the leaders of thenearth in every way, protect the earth by keeping to the right path\". Innreality he was saying: \"Im going to take you to hell with me, and if youndont step back Im gonna rip your heart and eat it\". Amy stared at him. Shenwas for some reason scared. She ran away and she saw her parents coming.nShe told them how Nick was acting. Wayne, Amy and Diane ran to him and theyngrab him strongly by the arms and legs. When they got home Wayne was tryingnto figure out what happened to his son. But he couldnt. Wayne worked reallynlate, in Jentech. His boss, Mr. Jennings was talking about today's musicnand how he loved hard-rock music. And that he used to download music fromnthe internet. Marilyn Manson was one of his predilected singers. Waynenreacted really quickly about Marilyn Manson. He then, think about the daynwhen Amy's friend came into the house and put that man's music. And Amy'snfriend became kinda strange too, just like his son was. Nick didn't go to school for three days. Everyday he was turning morenbad, his eyes were turning red. Diane prepare him some food, but since henwas tied, Diane had to give him the food in his mouth. When he began tonchew the food, he opened his mouth and spit the food into his mother'snface. She was like \"What's wrong with you, Nick!!!\" And he said \"Screw younmother\". Amy was in her bedroom very worried about his brother. She wasnalso very boring, and she took the invention, and began to look fornChristina Aguilera's new song \"Lady marmalade\". But again, since theninvention was damaged, she was actually looking for chritian music. She wasnlistening to Jaci Velasquez. The next morning she was acting strange too.nShe was like very nice with coackroaches even though she hated them. Shenwas like: \"Dad dont kill them, they are part of us\". She began to singnChristina's song \"Come on over\" but she was actually singing \"He's mynsavior\". She headed to the laboratory, where Nick was, and he began to scream.n \"GET THE HELL OUT OF MY FACE, YOU BASTARD.\" Said Nick with a grumpy voice.nWayne heard that. And he realized what was maybe happening. \"He's possesed,nAmy too\". Chapter 3: The possible cure He ran to look for his invention and he threw it through the window. Henwas very worried because he saw that his son was getting old. He had annidea, he told Diane \"Go and fine Madonna's song \"The Beast Within\" innwherever music store. Diane was like \"For what?\" Wayne told her: \"Go quiclky before it's too late\" Diane was crying and Amy was like verynscared of his doomed brother. 30 minutes later Diane arrived. Wayne playednMadonna's song. Nick \"What's happening to me, Ahhh\". He began to roar and Amy feltnsomething calling her, it was actually the song. The beast within is a songnfrom the Apocalype (Bible). So it was a very spiritual song. In the middlenof the song, Nick pee his pants. Amy was changing. She were transforming into an angel. That's whennNick made the biggest roar he could ever made and the spirit that possesednhim stand in front of Amy and it take off the angel that was inside oh her.nAmy and Nick went back to normal. The entire family hugged. But then, thentwo spirits began to fight. The song finished at least. The angel dissapearnand the evil spirit turned into a stone. Diane was so mad that she took anbig hammer and squashed the stone into bizillion pieces. Chapter 4: Rupaul They thought it was finally over. But few minutes later the sky turnednyellow. Then they were in a cemetery. They saw lots of ghosts and they werenasking for their help. The boss of the ghosts in the cemetery told thenfamily that if they help them they will be released of all those spirit andnmagical things that were hapenning. Each member of the family were given anmission. But it was late and they were tired, so they ask to get back homenand return tomorrow. The boss said: \"Ok\". He also said: \" My name isnRupaul\". Wayne said: \"Im Wayne and this is my wife Diane, and my two kids,nAmy and Nick\". Rupaul sais\"Nice to meet you, see ya tomorrow\". The familynwaved good-bye. And they got home. They went to sleep. The next morning they took breakfast and Nick was asking: \"How do we getninto the cemetery again?\" In that moment the lights went off. The sky turned yellow again, andnthey appear in the cemetery again. It was time to work. Rupaul appear innfront of Amy and she screamed very loud. It was 8:00 am. Rupaul ordered thenfamily to sit. This is exactly what he told them: \"Like I told you my name is Rupaul, and I died because my my ex-wifenshot me in the back with a gun, cause she thought I was gay. Now I am, butnanyways, you were brought here because we saw what happened to your kids.nIt was really amazing the way you dispossesed your son. That means you arenvery strong and brave, you could be the person we've been looking for overn121 years. Of course you could not do the job alone, that's why the entirenfamily were brought here. Each one of you will have a different thing tondo. Ghosts are here because they wanted to do something while they werenalived and they could'nt. Dont worry you wont have to help all this ghosts.n'Cause you know there are 210 ghost here maybe more, so this are the ghostsnyour are going to help. They dont know that you can see them, cause theynare inside the cemetery, we are outside if you didnt notice.These are thenintructions, Amy you ...\" Amy: \"WHAT??, you want me to dig up a the body of that man and buried wherenhe's wife is buried, you are crazy\". Rupaul: \"Well that's your job young lady, you do it or you wont gonback to your house. Besides it's not that difficult, his wife is only 13nbodies away from where his body is. Diane, you have to find a ring for anman that died before he could ask her partner to marry him. Now that wont be too easy, because she is kindanold, she's 89 years now and she cant hear really well, and she may thinknyou are more crazy than she is.\" Diane: \"Oh, that is so cute, how can I find this woman?\" Rupaul: \"She lives in Massachussets, in the 2nd street of the CalbornnCounty. House #12. By the way now that you two have the instruction younbetter get going.\" Chapter 5: The assignments Amy and Diane began their work. Amy was so angry and she was beginningnto feel dirty. Diane went to that young man and ask him what happened tonhim. The young man said: \"Oh my God, you can see me, my name is Pierre, Inneed your help.\" Diane told him: \"Yes I think I know what is it. How youndied?\" Pierre explain that he fell into a well, and he drowend\". While Pierre explained everything, Rupaul was explaining to Waynenwhat he had to do.Wayne was the only one with the most easiest job. He onlynneeded to kiss an old lady and tell her how beautiful she was. This womannwas named Betsy. She died lonely. She waited so much to find her love. Butnthat love never came. So she stay in Earth looking for that love. Waynenthought: \"This wont be hard\". So he headed to where Betsy was. She was 102nyears old. That was actually the difficult part. Imagine kissing a womannwho's 102 years and she has death skin, BLEH!! Diane was there and she wasnlike: \"Good luck darling\". And she got in the van and headed tonMassachussets, that by the way it wasnt that far. Only two hours to getnthere. But Diane wanted to do it. They got in the van and took off. Amy finally had the grave opened. But what she didnt notice was thenname that the stone had on. After putting the man on the grave she noticenthe name on the stone. It said Mike McKenney. It wasnt the man's wife'sngrave. It was a man's. Amy thought: \"Were there gays in 1910?\" Amy was sonangry. She got the wrong grave. So she asked Rupaul if Nick could help hernout. Rupaul said: \"Why what happened?\" Amy explained. Rupaul said: \"Wellnyou all are supossed to have a job. But it was actually my fault. It's justnthat I dont know how to count very well. Let's see. His wife's name isnMariah. Nick could you count for me? Nick: \"1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,10,11,12,13,14,15,16,17,18,19,20,21,22 and 23. Saysnhere Mariah Perez. What? It is a big difference from 13 to 23. After Infinished helping Amy I will teach you how to count,ok? Rupaul: \"Ok thanks.\" Nick and Amy returned the body to its grave. And began to dig in then23rd grave. Wayne was a having a bad time, since when he did everything henwas supposed to do, the spirit of Betsy didnt go. She wanted something,nthat she never had before. She wanted a gold necklece. The old woman didntnstop kissing him. Wayne yell at Amy and told her to give him her necklece.nAmy was asking why. Wayne told her: \"Dont worry I'll get you one later\".nAmy threw the necklece to him. Betsy puted on and she began to fade. Waynenwas fading too. One moment he was in the cemetery and in the other he wasnat home. Wayne's job was finally over. One our later: Amy and Nick were teaching Rupaul to count since theynfinished their job. Diane arrived to Massachussets. Pierre told her: \"Let'sngo into that jewerly store, and buy the ring from there. They bought it andnheaded to the old lady's house. Her name was Carol. Diane knocked the door.nAn old lady appear in front of her. It was Carol. Pierre was so happy tonsee her. Diane tried to explain everything to the old lady. But she did notnbelieve her. Pierre began to tell Diane the things that Carol and Pierrendid when she was young. Carol was so surprised because those thing thatnDiane told her were all true. She took the ring and hugged Diane. Both ofnthem began to cry. Carol said: Thank you sweetheart\". Diane lookes back and Pierre was no longer there. Diane got in thenvan. And she also began to fade. She was home. But Nick and Amy were not. They were at the graveyard. Teaching Rupaul how to count. Rupaul toldnthem: \"Oh it's ok. Thank you both. You need to get home now. Yur parents finishedntheir job and they are home already.\" Amy and Nick smiled at each other andnthey said goodbye to Rapaul. Chapter 6: Pizza delivery They began to fade. They were at home finally. The Szalinski family huggednvery hard and they kissed each other. They were very proud of themselves.nBut they were also hungry and tired. It was 2:00 pm. They ordered pizza.nAnd sit down to watch VH1. Amy: \"Hey Madonna's Behind the Music, Nick I think you'll want to seenthat.\" Nick: \"Um, no thanks I rather watch Charmed. Today is the specialnpresentation.\" Diane: \"What special?\" Nick: \"Today at 2:30pm, they will air the episode Coyote Piper.\" Wayne: \"I... I, think we rather watch Madonna's Behind the Music, after allnshe wasn't the problem for the thing that happened yesterday. You see thenSzalinski Music Finder was damaged. The letters were typed incorretly. So Inthink that you typed the name of a bad singer, like Marylin Manson forninstance. And that's how you got possesed. But dont worry it is finallynover and we are all ok.\" The pizza came. Diane got the door and pay the pizza to the guy. When she opened the box, there was a note inside and $11.00 dollars. The note said: \" Thanks for your help, here is the money of the pizza, thisnone's one me. Att. Rupaul\". They all smiled at each other and took a piecenof pizza. But wait, Quark wanted a piece too. THE END ","Summary":" Dead Last written by Rafael Rivera Chapter 1: Daddy's new invention On January 15, 2002 an exhauste"},{"Movie":"Hackers","Title":"The Country's Call","Author":"Rigs Stargazer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1420590","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: This fic is based around characters from the film \"HACKERS\"nwhich belongs to MGM. I don't own any of the characters with the exceptionnof Loraine Grant/Kernel Hard Drive, the story, the HARD DISCS project andnMICHAEL. I am borrowing the characters to extend the story as I liked thenfilm so much I wanted to carry it on. Instructions: No profit is to be made by the posting or distribution ofnthis fic. Any posting must be free to view and download and must carry bothnDisclaimer and Instructions. Timeline: Not long after the end of the film. The Countries Call By Rigs 1. INITIATION \"Gentlemen and fair lady\" The Phantom Phreak ignored the glare he receivednfrom the only woman at the gathering as his voice echoed around the park.nHe raised his hand. \"I hereby present, to reside over proceedings, My LordnNikon.\" A hooded figure entered the circle, his voice, deep and menacing, silencednthe whooping and clapping with a wave of his hand. \"Fellow Elite, we are here to add another to our ranks. As is the custom wenrequire four Elite witnesses and a sponsor.\" \"I am the sponsor my lord Nikon\" Phreak slapped the head of the boynstanding next too him and whispered hurriedly into his ear \"Don't screwnup.\" \"Enter the circle.\" Nikon nodded to the injured initiate. \"State your givennname.\" \"Joey Mason\" \"You have been chosen as Elite for the skills you showed during thenWorldwide Plague Ellingson Hack, witnesses and sponsor step forward.\" This was what Nikon looked forward to most. Each initiate had to go throughnthis to become recognised, accepted. It made the initiate realise that theynhad real world friends as well as online partners in crime. Phreak stepped up and spoke; his tanned skin glistened in the glow of thenstreet lights which lined the park on all sides. \"I, Ramon Sanchez, ElitenHacker Phantom Phreak, sponsor Joey Mason\" The three that had thus far remained silent approached. The first was tallnlanky with four braids in his hair. \"I, Emanuel Goldstein, Elite Hacker Cereal Killer, witness this initiation\"nThe next was about average height, build but the red body warmer bulked himnout. From his short hair to his shoes he radiated intelligence andnattitude. \"I, Dade Murphy, Elite Hacker Crash Override, witness this initiation\" henflashed a smile at Joey. \"I, Kate Libby, Elite Hacker Acid Burn, witness this initiation\" Nikonnsuppressed the reflex to jerk with fright. He hadn't seen this woman stepnforward, though this was understandable, she made a habit of being quiet innprivate to make up for being so loud in public. He looked at her; tomboy was the first thing to spring to mind. Attitudenwas the second. Third was beast: tamed. Her hand was entwined with that ofnthe tamer. She and Dade were meant to be. They just ... fit. Nikon himself spoke. \"I, Paul Cook, Elite Hacker Lord Nikon, witness thisninitiation.\" He turned back to the boy. \"All former names and incarnationsnare secondary. You are now, first and foremost, an Elite Hacker. Introducenyourself.\" This was the moment Joey had been waiting for; he had racked his brain forna handle which would work. \"I am Joey Mason, Elite Hacker Cold Fusion.\" All eyes turned to The Phreak. \"Cold Fusion\" He rolled it around his mouthnin the same way a connoisseur would a new wine. \"I like it!\" \"Welcome to the fold my friend!\" Cereal clapped him on the back. \"I say wenall head for Cyberdelia and grab some fries.\" This was met with a chorus of cheers from the group but Dade glanced up atnthe tall hacker. \"Cereal, you're buying your own right?\" The laughter could be heard from the street. ^^^^^^ A/N Please R+R (flames included) I like to know what people think. Rigs ","Summary":" Disclaimer: This fic is based around characters from the film \"HACKERS\"nwhich belongs to MGM. I d"},{"Movie":"Hackers","Title":"Project: Anti-hack","Author":"snowstarwolf","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/880063","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Please note that the character Nicole Murphy is created by me! History: Dade Murphy and Kate Libby married in 1995. They got one daughter, who they named Nicole. They work as computer programmers and haven`t been hacking since their daughter was born. ------------------ Location: 2011, New York Place: Murphy`s apartment ------------------ ,,What about tonight?\"Dade asked as he put his arms around Kate. Kate leaned closer to him and smirked. Dade smiled and kissed her passionately. Suddenly the front door burst open and a young girl walked in, carrying a schoolbag. ,,Mum, Dad! I`m home!\" She threw the school bag in the corner and walked in the kitchen. Dade and Kate smiled at her as she sat down at the round kitchen table and gave them a look. She looked exhausted and didn`t want to be bothered. ,,So, how was school today?\" Dade asked and sat next to her daughter. Kate joined them. Nicole looked at him for some seconds. ,,Bad...like always.\" Kate gave her a pat on the shoulder and said:,,I wonder why it does not surprise me.\" ,,Wanna talk about it, Princess?\"Asked Dade again and took her daughter`s hand. Nicole pulled her hand quickly back and leaned against the kitchen table. ,,No!\" ,,Ok,\"Dade said and looked questioningly at her wife. Kate shrug the shoulders and looked at her daughter. ,,What`s wrong, tell me! I`m not asking you, I`m telling you!\" The girl burst into tears. ,,I want to move!\" ,,What?!\"Kate and Dade were shocked. ,,Why?\" ,,Where?\" Nicole stopped crying and said seriuosly:,,Just want...to Brooklyn.\" ,,Aw, Princess!\"Kate hugged her, ,,you know that we can`t do that. What about our jobs and apartment then?\" Dade nodded in agreement and wiped away his daughter`s tears. Nicole yelled:,,We have to move!\" She pounded the table. Dade stopped her. ,,Hey! Calm down, don`t break the table!\" His daughter stood quickly up and hugged him tightly and didn`t let him go. ,,Daddy! We have to... Please? Just one more time! And I promise, if we will move to Brooklyn, I will study hard, especially math!\" ,,But what about your school? We would have to check you out and you would have to go to a new school...\"He gave her a big hug. ,,I don`t care!\"Nicole sobbed, still in her father`s arms. Kate stood up and poured some orange juice in the glass. ,,And you don`t have any friends there! Wouldn`t you feel lonely there?\" Nicole held her father even more tightly now. ,,I don`t care! Daddy, please!\" (Background Music: 4 Strings ,,Take me away (into the night)\") Kate sipped her orange juice and said calmly:,,Okay...we will move to...Brooklyn.\" Nicole lightened up and ran to give her mother a big hug. ,,But Kate? What about the club? And Nikon, Phreak, Cereal and the others?\"Dade was surprised. He looked into his wife`s eyes, just to see that she was darn sure about the whole thing. Kate gave Nicole a hug and smiled. ,,What about them? It`s getting boring here anyway.\"She put the empty glass on the table and walked out of the kitchen after Nicole. ,,I`m going to pack!\"Nicole shouted to her father. To be continued... ------------------- Please read and review! ","Summary":" Please note that the character Nicole Murphy is created by me! History: Dade Murphy and Kate Libby "},{"Movie":"Hackers","Title":"That Girl","Author":"isabel123","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6574693","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I stared out the window of the police car. Thinking back on how this all started out. 3 months ago I was what would be considered a nerd, nobody, where I'm known as \"that girl\". It has been this way for pretty much most of my life. Not that it bothered me now, I'm used to it. I was in the 12th grade,17 years old almost 18, honor roll student, President of the math club. Math was my best, PE was my worst, I'm just not that coordinated. My name would be Emma Hope Jefferson. Sitting on the bus next to my best friend Katie Marie Smith, she's been my best friend for 9 years. \"Emma!\" I heard someone calling my name. \"Yeah.\" I said kind of spacing out. \"Jake!\" She gestured over to Jake York; One of thee hottest guys ever and the star of the football team, very popular, and of course, dating a cheerleader. \"Yeah.\" Looking over at Jake talking to him. \"Emma can I copy your homework for Mrs. Fouts\" \"Oh yeah sure. Hold on.\" Opening my bag and fumbling through my papers it took me a minute till I found it. \"Here you go.\" I handed it to him. Then one of the charms on my bracelet fell off. \"Oh crap!\" I bent over to pick it up but Jake beat me. He grabbed it and then he took my wrist in his hands. I couldn't tell what he was looking at then he took my bracelet off me. \"Uhh what are you doing?\" I asked him a little confused. \"Well I'm pretty good at fixing things, and the thing that was holding the charm on your bracelet fell off so I thought I would fix it for you.\" Starting to blush once he said that. \"Oh…Uhh yeah that would be nice thanks. You know how to fix it?\" \"Yeah\" \"Cool.! Haa I wish I knew how.\" Looking at his perfect face. \"I could show you if you want to learn.\" \"That would be cool thanks\" \"Yeah come by my place on Saturday at 6?\" \"Okay I will be there.\" Then he wrote his address on a piece of paper and handed it to me. Putting the piece of paper in my pocket and feeling like a kid on Halloween who just reached into the candy bowl and got the best piece of candy. I can't believe the hottest guy in school just asked me over to his house. It really was shocking to me, I mean of all people! He asked me to go to his house! It was usual for him to ask from my homework but he had never offered to help me before. Well I wouldn't consider myself ugly. I was 5'8 brunette, brown eyes, and I was pretty slender. I wasn't going to ask him why he offered to help me. During class Katie and I passed notes. Note: Katie I can't believe JAKE YORK asked me over to his house! –Emma You're so lucky I'm jealous; well I do have Ryan so it's all good.-Katie Yeah but still I mean its Jake and I'm me.! Someone like him just doesn't go around offering help to a nerd like me.! –Emma EMMA! Your not ugly and I'm not trying to sounds lesbian but your actually pretty hot! Also you and Jake have had all the same classes for 4 years in a row! He was bound to notice your sexiness!-Katie Haa! Thanks Kate! You're the best. But still should I dress sexy when I go over to his house or do I dress boring! What if his girlfriend is there? Emma calm down! Dress casually sexy! Also didn't you here? They broke up like a week ago. –Katie Oh my gosh! Woah I must be out of the loop! Well thanks for the help Mrs. Jensen is looking over here she might catch us. Bye –Emma Sitting in the middle of the classroom listening to my teacher blab her mouth about math that she taught us last week wasn't really amusing me. I glanced over at Jake who was sitting just across the room from me. He was about 6'0, Light brown hair, Beautiful hazel eyes, and he was slightly tan. One thing I loved about him was his crooked smile. The rest of the day was pretty boring, the teachers just nagged about doing our homework… Blahh blahh blahh. On the way home Katie and I sat in the back of the bus. Once I got home I checked my calendar, it was Thursday. That means only 2 days till Saturday. The thought of going over to his house made my stomach twirl. \"Emma time for dinner!\" I heard my mom call from down stair. Running down the stairs to the dinner table. Sitting down I began to fold my napkin in my lap; my mom, brother and dad were all sitting down. \"Mom can I go over to my friend Jake's house on Saturday? He's going to fix my bracelet for me\" \"Well I guess you could. No having sex. Is that clear?\" \"MOM! I'm not going to have sex with him. Were just friends!\" I hated when she talked about sex. \"Ok just making sure. As your mom I have to tell you this.\" Gosh this was so awkward because my dad was right there. He just sat there and ate his dinner. My brother just laughed and just continued to eat. BEEP! BEEP!BEEP! Pressing the snooze button my alarm clock, I didn't want to wake up cause I had stayed up later than normal studying for a test. I glanced at the time; it was 6:30am. \"ughh!\" I groaned. Reluctantly I got up; on my way to the bathroom I tripped. Putting my hand out to catch my fall I end up jamming 2 fingers. \"Shit!\" i said when I tried to move my fingers. Luckily It was my left hand. I brushed my teeth, and then I brushed my hair that just fell over my shoulders. I curled it, and then I got dressed. I wore jeans and a tank top with a little over jacket. I wasn't really big on fashion. Katie was huge on fashion she was always nagging me on my outfits but it didn't bother me. The day went by really slow, and taking a quiz did not help it. Getting on the bus I was walking down the aisle to my seat when Jake stopped me. \"Hey you're still coming over tomorrow right?\" He asked me in his sweet voice. \"Yeah\" \"Good well I will see you tomorrow\" \"Ok see ya.\" I said he smiled and I smiled back then I walked away. \"So what did you and Jake talk about?\" Katie asked me \"He just asked me if I was still coming over tomorrow.\" Smiling as I said this. \"Well he sounds eager to see you. Want me to come over and dress you tomorrow?\" She asked me. \"Uhh no but thanks.\" \"Ok well just wondering.\" \"Yeah sorry I just want to dress myself because I already have something picked out.\" This was a total lie; I just didn't want her to dress me. No offense to her but our styles are totally different. \"Oh ok that's fine\" she said. The rest of the bus ride home was pretty dull, we didn't really talk much. It was nice at sunny out, it felt good to have the sun shine on my skin. I didn't live to far from the bus stop; it only took me 10 mins to walk home. Living in San Jose California it gets hot faster here then up in Washington. Once I got inside I found my brother sprawled out on the couch stuffing his face with junk food playing Call of duty 4. He stayed home \"sick\" today. He such a little liar \"Braxton you might want to clean up your mess before mom gets home\" He's 15 \"Yeah whatever you say\" I just ignored him and walked up to my room. It felt like it took forever to walk up the stairs. I was so tired from P.E. they made us run the mile today. I tossed my bag on the floor and plopped on my bed. Letting out a sigh of relief as my body hit the soft, cushy bed. I was so happy that I didn't have any homework for the weekend. At dinner it was just my brother and me. My parents were out at dinner, which was nice because we got to order pizza. After dinner I went on the computer to check my email, nothing new. I decided to take my dog on a walk since I had nothing else to do and plus it was nice and warm out. The walk would have been more enjoyable if I wouldn't have had to stop every 5 mins to let him piss. Chester was a dioxin and he was 10 years old but he was in pretty good health. Once I got home my mom and dad were home and they were watching T.V. Passing the kitchen I glanced at the clock and it shocked me when I saw that it was already 7:30. As I started to walk up the stairs I bumped into my brother. \"Whoops sorry\" I said but he just glared at me and stomped down the stairs. I wonder what his problem is. Laying down on my bed once I got into my room. I opened my laptop and I got onto facebook and I had a new friend request. It was from Jake York I accepted him. Then I logged off and I turned on my IPOD. I went on it was my schools website. I checked out the latest news at school, which was pretty boring. Nothing really interesting was going on so I got off my laptop and just laid in bed listening to my IPOD. Looking over at my clock it was 8:28pm I wasn't really sure when I wanted to go to bed but I was really tired. I ended up falling asleep listening to my IPOD. The next morning I woke up to my dog barking at 9:42am. He wanted outside to go to the bathroom, unwillingly I got up and walked down stairs and let him out. My stomach started growling so I went and made myself a piece of toast and poured a glass of orange juice. As I was sitting at the table I noticed at note on the fridge. -Emma, Braxton Me and your father went to go golfing and then were having dinner with some of your father's friends at red lobster. Call us if you guys need anything. Emma I left you and Braxton each 20 bucks. We won't be back till around 8 so fix your self's dinner. -Love mom and dad. ","Summary":" I stared out the window of the police car. Thinking back on how this all started out. 3 months ago "},{"Movie":"Hackers","Title":"Pack Law","Author":"Bloodrites Thorn","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/781517","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Pack Law Author: Dead Velvet Fandom: Hackers Players: Dade, Kate, Cereal, Phreak, Nicon, Joey,nDesra, Starry.n Pairing: Dade (Crash override / Kate (Acid Burn), Emanueln(Cereal Killer) / Desra (Dark Desire) {New Girl} Rating: PG-13 to a light R Summary: A new hacker invades the originals turf, whilentwo new girls get acquainted with the pack. A romance soonnaccurse between one new girl (Desra) andnCereal. Series/Sequel: no likely Disclaimer: I own only Desra, Starry, Killian, Pinky andnQute. All others belong to their proper owners, though Inwould like to barrow Cereal for a while... I promise I'llngive him back. Warnings: Bad language, violence, and sexual referencesn**giggle** Spoilers: none Notes: I bumped it from early 90's to early year 02.nSo, you know, more technologies. R&R.; this is for my sister,nwho put up with me watching Hackers every night fornalmost a month. Writer's Comments: I suck at spelling, so I know somenwords are spelt wrong so NO BITCHING at me for it. Inacknowledge I have a problem, I admit it proudly, so get overnit. Date: 5-9-02 5-23-02 L.A., CA Desra sat at her computer laughing as she read thenlatest instilment of \"Rules to live buy in DANGEROUSnsituations.\" When she got a flash from her MSN. Clicking it,nshe read the screen quickly and typed back a short message.n\"Starry!!! You got a beep!!\" She yelled over her shoulder tonher sister. Not getting a reaction from the lump asleepnbehind her on her bed, she stood up and walked a crossed thensmall room and sat next to her sister who was currentlynpassed out on a notebook. Pulling the notebook away, shenlooked down at the scribbled one's, zeros, and furrowed herneyebrows, making no sense of it. \"Starry, you got a beep fromnsomeone named Phreak.\" She watched her sister twitch then sitnup. \"What was it about?\" Her sister's soft voice filled thensilent room. \"Said something about turf and not liking itnmuch. Mostly bitching.\" She pulled her legs up to her chestnand watched as her sister's graceful form moved to sit at thencomputer desk. Lying back on the bed, she listened as thenfranticly fast typing filled the small bedroom, her eyelidsnfalling slowly. Hearing the loud shreak that signaled Starry'snannoyance Desra sat up in her bed and looked at the olderngirl. \"What now?\" She asked in a displeased voice. \"He bootednme. He fucking booted me!\" Sensing her sister's displeasurenshe stood up and stretched. Walking over to the desk, she satndown on her sister's lap and started typing. Getting a holdninto his server she started to track the user down, mutteringnunder her breath the odd notes and useless knowledge shengathered. Finally, there was a flash on the screen and Desranstood back up. \"You wanted to continue and yell at him Inassume.\" At her sister's nod she continued. \"Well I got you andirect link up to him, have fun, I'm going to your room for annap.\" With that, Desra left the room. Starry stared after her sister in amazement. Shencouldn't read codas but she knew them by heart. \"Amazing.\"nGetting back to the situation at hand, she continued to speaknto the Phreak she had encountered. Velvet Lust: I'm ba-ack! Now tell me, why did you kicknme? Phantom Phreak: To see if you could get back in, I havena hack proof server and you got back in. Your elite. Starry stared at the screen; he thought that she hadnhacked him. She could use that to her advantage. Velvet Lust: Hey about that turf thing... Phantom Phreak: Its over, we traced the user, it wasn'tnyou. Velvet Lust: Who are we? Phantom Phreak: My gang, my... There was a long pause like he was thinking. Phantom Phreak: My Pack. Velvet Lust smiles Velvet Lust: Your pack? Very nice, it's better thennsaying gang, which gives the wrong idea. What fallowed next was just a major Q&A; When she wasnabout to sign off she heared a loud scream from her livingnroom. Sending him an AFK Starry stood up and went outninto the living room to she her sister holding the phone andnbouncing up and down. \"What's up?\" Desra looked at her. \"Momngot that new job, were moving to New York in two weeks.\"nStarry stood with her mouth a gape then turned and went backninto Desra's room and the small black laptop on the desk. Speaking into the phone Desra told her mom that theynwere all ecstatic. When she hung up, she went to her room.nLooking at Starry who was smiling and typing rapidly. Whennshe did finally get off, she informed Desra that when theyngot to New York that they would already have some friendsndown there. \"Awww. Did you two make nice nice?\" Starrynlaughed and hit her lightly and walked to the door. \"Slut.\" Desra lay back on her bed. \"Nun.\" Starry turned around.n\"Oh low blow, low blow.\" 6-3-02 New York, NY looking out the window of the plane as they landednDesra looked at the airfield, it was a mass of plane'snleaving and going, and it was amazing. Getting off the planenwith her family, she grabbed her bags. \"When do you think thenfurniture will be at the house?\" She asked as they headed tonhail a taxi. \"About 4 days, but it's partially furnished anynway.\" Nodding silently, she climbed into the taxi she wouldnshare with Starry as her mother and grandmother got in ansperit one. Looking out the windows the girls watched asnevery thing went by. She caught a glimpse of a teen club withnpeople selling things out side. When they arrived at the house they were in Ah, it wasna large two story. Desra loved the colors Black with midnightnblue trim; it was like something out of a horror flick.nLaughing to herself, she fallowed the other's in. \"Okay therenare two rooms down here and two upstairs, you girls getnupstairs. Desra and starry looked at each other and dashednfor the stairs. Desra was first to the top and dropped hernbags in the narrow hallway. There were three doors. One innthe center and one at each end. Walking to the left Desranopened the door closest to her. The room was huge, with darknblue carpet and matching walls and, oddly enough, ceiling.nScreaming behind her she yelled \"I get this room!\" and softnfine came from the room a crossed the hall. Dragging her bagsninside she lay down on the floor, visions of what she couldndo with the new life she had. Sitting up quickly, she dumped her bags out and pullednout a change of cloths. Kneeling on the floor she pulled offnshoes and loose black dress over her head, slipped on a tightnred tank top then a pair of tight shinny black vinyl pantsnand stood up. Grabbing her black roller blades she walkedndown the hall to her sister's room. Starry was in the processnof lacing up the sides of her forest green leather pants.n\"I'm guessing you saw what I did...\" Her sister nodded andnstood up with and grinned at Desra. \"That's the club Phreakntold me about, I want to go and see if I can find him.\" Desrannodded and slipped a pleading look onto her face andnwhimpered softly. \"Yes you can come.\" Giggling Desra walkedndown the stairs with her sister and sat on the stoop out sidenwhile Starry told her mom where they were going. They lacednup their blades and stood up. Desra was a little out ofnpractice but soon remembered the way it went. Making theirnway to the club, Desra thought of something. \"Do you evennknow what he looks like?\" Starry shook her head. \"No, but henknows what I look like, I sent him a pic of us with mencircled.\" They got to the club quickly and went inside. It was anrenovated warehouse. Skating down the ramp, she and Desranlooked around. It was cool. Bumping her shoulder into Starry,nshe nodded to a set of table's that seemed to be unoccupied.nSitting down Desra sighed and bounced her head up and down tonthe music that played in the background. Looking around the club for her friends Kate spottedntwo people sitting at the table they normally held. Walkingnslowly over to them, she noticed the likeness between on ofnthem and a person in a photo Phreak had shown her. Feeling a hand on her shoulder Desra looked behind hernto see a woman, with short cut black hair and incredible blueneyes. \"Umm... Hi?\" The woman smiled. \"Hi. Are you StarrynParker?\" Desra shook her head and pointed to her sister. \"Shenis, I'm Des'.\" Smiling Kate extended her hand to Starry. \"I'mnKate, one of Phreak's friends, I saw the pic' he has of you.\"nStarry stood up and shook Kate's hand. \"Nice to meet you.\"nDesra moved over so Kate could sit down. She listened as theyndiscussed computers and thing relating to them. Standing upnquickly and catching their attention Desra looked at hernsister. \"I'm gonna head home.... I feel kind of sleepy,nJetlag and all that.\" Starry told her to be careful and shenjust nodded. She was half way home before she passed them. They werenmost likely a gang, due to the fact, one had a bar and thenother two were laughing like hyenas on crack. Desra remainedncool as she went slightly faster. She was stopped abruptly asntwo more men appeared in front of her. \"Ohh lookie lookie. Wencaught ourselves a Pease of fresh meat.\" The one with the barnspoke. The leader. Mentally kicking herself for forgettingnsomething to protect herself with, like a gun, Desra lookednfor an escape route. Harsh hands grabbed her arms from behind and the Ugly,nand smelly leader stepped up to her. Taking a deep breathenand almost choking she screamed as loud as she could, causingnthe one's behind her to loosen their grip. She raced away.nAlmost to the club, just a little further. She told her self,nshe was caught again there were more, three guys. She stoppednshort and looked up at her, the terror showing plainly on hernface. One of the guys stepped forward, concern on his face.n\"Someone take her before they do!\" A set of soft handsngrabbed her and pulled her out of the street and the gangnapproached. There was screaming and the sound of fighting.nBut Desra paid no attention she just concentrated onnbreathing. It was getting hard and she was getting sleepy. Raising a hand and getting the attention of the personnnext to her spoke softly. \"I'm going to pass out now.\" Andnshe did A low moan escaped from Desra as she started to wake up.nWith out opening her eyes she new she wasn't in the streetnanymore. She was lying on a soft couch. Which ment it wasn'tnher house either. Moving slightly she heard a male voicenannounce that she was awake. Opening one eye slowly, her darknbrown locked with a set of bright blue/green. If she hadnwanted to talk, she wouldn't have been able to. Her other eyenopened slowly and she just looked into the set of eyes.nFinally, she found her voice. \"Wh-where am I?\" Her voice wasnsoft, and didn't sound like her own, but a bit more raspy \"My home.\" The voice belonged to Kate. Tearing her eyesnaway from the person who could only be sitting less then anfoot from her, she looked at Kate. She was leaning against anwall, arms crossed over her stomach, an amused look in herneyes. Desra's eyes darted back to the person in front of her.n\"Cereal!\" The shout was from another guy, not the same as thenfirst. \"Yo, I think your freaking her out, move back anlittle.\" Watching as he moved back, she got a better look atnhim. He was tall, incredibly tall. With blond/brown hairnpulled into four braids at each side of his head. He wasndressed in ragged cloths that just screamed for a washing. Rubbing a hand through the back of her short bright rednhair, she sat up a little more. \"What happened? The lastnthing I remember is...\" Desra stopped and rubbed her headnagain. \"Is some guys, grabbing me... and that I ran away...\"nShe looked up at Kate. \"What happened after that?\" Katenpushed herself away from the wall. \"My friends found you andngot the guys to leave you alone.\" Furrowing her eyebrowsnDesra thought back. \"How did I get here though?\" She couldnhere a laugh from behind her. \"You passed out.\" there were anfew more laughs and Desra could feel her face flaming withnheat, not embarrassment, but anger. Standing up slowly to make sure she didn't wobble shenlooked at the two guys in the room, letting her displeasurenshow. Looking on the floor she spotted her 'blades andngrabbed then and walked in the direction of the Door. \"Wherendo you think you are doing?\" asked Kate. \"Hmm... What am Indoing...\"Desra opened the door and looked over her shoulder.n\"Oh, yeah. I'm leaving.\" Closing the door behind her, shenwalked down the hall a little ways, pausing long enough tonslip on her skates. She could here the door being opened andnclosed as she fallowed the hallway, looking for some way out.n\"Yo, stop!\" Desra spun around quickly and almost slammed into thenone they kept calling Cereal. A look of annoyance slid on tonher face.\" What do you want? I need to go home and tell mynmom that I'm okay.\" Forcing herself not to look into his eyesnagain, being as she lost all senses, she chose instead tonlook around them. \"I thought as much. But Kate told me tonfallow you, make sure you don't get attacked again.\" Desrannodded slowly. \"I'll buy that.\" She turned abruptly andnlooked down an adjoining hallway. \"You wanna help me? How donI get out of this place?\" She heard him laugh again before hengrabbed her arm and easily pulled her down the hallway to annelevator. \"So like, where is Starry?\" Looking at him out ofnthe corner of her eye, she tried to memories his face. Awwwnisn't that cute. A nagging voice in her head spoke. You havena crush.nGrumbling under her breath she had to smile in spite of herself.n\"When we found you Kate and her had just come out of the club,nStarry told us to take you some place to rest, and that shenwould tell your parents what had happened.\" Catching a movementnout of the corner of her eye she turned to look at him. \"So didnStar' call back or something?\" Cereal nodded, \"Said to bring younhome when you woke.\" Desra bit down on her lip. \"Yeah, thatnmakes sense.\" ","Summary":" Title: Pack Law Author: Dead Velvet Fandom: Hackers Players: Dade, Kate, Cereal, Phreak, Nicon, Joe"},{"Movie":"Hackers","Title":"Paradox of Time","Author":"zyfoxmaster","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3954421","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Paradoxnof Time Inwoke up with something blaring in my ear, my alarm was going off.nWith a grimace, I got out of bed, gently tossed my alarm clock at thenwall, and looked at my calendar. It read December Twelfth, 2007, anWednesday. I've always despised Wednesdays. I mean, it is thenmiddle of the week, and people are stressed, but it seems that mynco-workers always seem to take off Wednesdays to attend their variousnreligious congregations. I work at Comco, the leading computernrepair service in the tri-county region. I work commercial retailsnif the motto didn't lead you to believe that. I've alwaysnconsidered myself quite adroit in skills involving technology, but mynboss has always insisted otherwise. But anyway, It always seems tonget called in early on Wednesdays, so I set my alarm in advance. AfternI got out of bed, I showered, shaved, and made some breakfast fornDéja and I. He was always trying to sit at the table, I guessnhe got used to my benevolence. Déja is a dog, a dog that'snbeen in my family for quite a long time. I got Déja for mynninth birthday, and we used to do everything together. He'd follownme on my paper route, I'd take him for walks around our block, andnwe just shared a lot of childhood memories. But after I left forncollege, and stopped visiting my parents and Déja as often. nIn a sense he became my parent's new child. After eighteen yearsnof always having someone to give good advice, helpful informationnbacked up with years of experience, and the occasional vent of anger.nMy parents needed someone, or something to at least give their lovento. My parents left for Colorado last Thursday, and they droppednDéja off for me to care for. They were coming home thisnevening, so instead of trying to stop Déja from sitting at thentable with me, he was extolled for his attempts. BeforenI left for work, I had to set Déja outside. Being the old dognthat he was, he had some, intestinal problems that needed to benworked out outside, and not on my carpet. But other than that, henwas the quintessence of man's best friends I had a fence around mynbackyard and all week he has stayed in there without any issues. nToday was different. I tied Déja to an old oak with a ropenwith quite a lot of lag on it. I got in my car and started to pullnout of my driveway when I saw Déja on the other side of thenfence with the rope still on the far side. I got out of the carnquickly and tried to coax him back inside the fence. As I gotncloser, the rope began to weaken, and Déja got loose, He ranninto the street, and I ran after him, calling him name. I tripped onna root, and caught myself on one of my car's side mirrors. Déjannoticed my attempts to entice him back home, and started to trotnback. I saw this and was enthralled by this amicable scene. My dogncoming to me, just like it was when I was a child. I used to callnhim back from the field in the evening, just before dinner, and he'dncome running back. I pushed myself up using the mirror, and my carnstarted to slowly drift backwards. Having not noticed this, I callednDéja. His progress was less than belligerent, but he wasncoming nevertheless. He was within arms reach when my car hit him. nFilled with nostalgia, I immediately fell to the ground and wept,nimpervious to the world around me. I'd killed Déja my dog,nmy old friend, and one of my parents only joys. When I got back onnmy feet I saw that my car, had rolled into the street and into mynneighbor's mailbox. I looked back at my dog, just laying there,nlifeless. I took him to the backyard, and covered him in a tarp, Inwanted my parent to at least see him one more time. Luckilynmy car still ran, and I made it to work. I was late, but I wasncovered in dirt, my eyes were red, and I was quite unkempt. nHopefully my boss would understand the consequences, and not give mena rough time. When Insit down at my desk, I noticed a note from one of my co-worker. Itnread, \"Your parents called, they got off the plane safely, and itnwould be feasible to see them home by 6:30 this evening.\" Afternreading this, my spirits took a turn for the better knowing that mynparents were only a few hours away, and in no severe jeopardy. I sawnmy boss walking down the hallway, and a cursory examination of hisnface revealed to me that he had an impetus to chew me out. I startednmy explanation when I was abruptly cut off by his voice. \"Younknow to be here early on Wednesdays\" He exclaimed. \"Yournco-workers have duties to appeal to, and you need to cover them ofntheir days off.\" Angerednby his intolerance I replied, \"We both know they're justncomparing clothes and trading rumors in order to get a day off.\" \"Out\"nHe screamed. \"I don't want you godless heathen in here anymore.nYou're fired.\" I leftnwithout even gathering my things. It seems as though people Inassociated myself with had retrogressed back into the ages beforenintellectualism. I couldn't go back home and see Dèja'snbody without my parents on hand. Indrove out of town, not knowing where I was going or why. After aboutn3 hours, I stopped at a gas station on Route 16. I refueled my car,nand started to drive out, but I changed my mind. I grabbed my cellnphone and dialed my parents. There was no answer. As I startedndriving away from the station, I started to get nervous. My commonnsense took over and told me not to scrutinize this situation. Theynprobably just didn't have any service where they were. On thenroad, the actions that had taken place today played through my head. nMy car is ruined, I killed my dog, and I lost my job. Tears wellednin my eyes at the thought of my parents reactions for whenever theynlearned about Déja's death. How could I explain to themnthat it was my fault, but I didn't mean to..? My phone rang, itnwas my brother. \"Hey Bro, what's up?\" I asked, quicklyndisguising the tears from my voice. There is a pause for what seemsnlike forever, then he finally says grimly. \"Momnand Dad have been in an accident.\" \"Arenthey alright?\" I hastily asked \"I don't know, the cop justncalled me, he said it was on Route 16, that's all I know\" Indropped my phone. I heard my brother's voice echo throughout myncar. I lost all recognition of the road, and life became dull andntepid. Why had my life become such a holocaust. After realizing Inwas driving blindly, I snap back into reality and begin to benmeticulous with my driving. Suddenly I see brightness in thendistance, and the closer I get, the more the obvious befalls upon me.n My parent's car was engulfed in flames, seemingly caused from thenmassive fuel tanker that their car was partially inside of. nImmediately I get out of my car, and rush towards the wreckage. Thenimmense heat causes me to stop in my tracks. I fall to my knees, andnshed tears once again today. In my collapse I notice something, ancell phone. It's open, and the line was still connected tonsomeone, me. The world stopped, the day flashed by a millionntimes, I had killed everyone important to me, I had systematicallynruined my existence. I lost consciousness. Inawoke abruptly, my ears averse to the noise resonating throughout thenroom. It was my alarm clock. I jumped out of bed and ran towardsnthe calendar, I tripped on something. When I open my eyes after thenfall, my hands and chest are covered in blood. I stand up to seenDèja's body under me. Was it all a dream, am I stillnasleep, or had I killed my dog for a second time? The calendar on mynwall read December Twelfth, 2007, a Wednesday, Wednesdays are alwaysnthe wor.. Why is everything happening again. Wait, is my duplisticnmind playing tricks on me. My car, my car would tell me what wasngoing on. Outside I see my car, undamaged, so is my neighborsnmailbox. I getnin my car and pull into Comco. I dart inside, and find the messagenon my desk. I needed answers, and fast. I drove home and sat on mynbed all day until I received a call. It was the police station. \"Hello\"nI answered \"Hello,nSir we have news to report to you. I'm sorry but..\" I cut himnoff \"Inknow, my parents, Route 16.\" I said, hanging up. I gotnin my car and drove to the bridge. The raging waters far belownreinforced my selection of this location of my demise. I parked myncar, walked to the ledge, and leapt in an attempt to escape from thisnhell. I seemed to leave my body before I hit the water, but I stillnheard the uncongenial thud of my corpse. I'mnawakened by my alarm, it's a Wednesday, I hate Wednesdays. ","Summary":" Paradoxnof Time Inwoke up with something blaring in my ear, my alarm was going off.nWith a grimace,"},{"Movie":"Hackers","Title":"The Morning After","Author":"SlytherinSlayer21","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1408582","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \" The Morning After\"nDisclaimer: I do not own Kate, Dade, or any other character. This is fornfun only. The light peeking though the curtains was the first thing Katennoticed. Then she realized what had happened last night and a smile litnher face as she untangled herself from Dade to role over and look at him.nHe was still asleep with a light smile on his face. 'He looks so cute' shenthought. She remembered his laugh the night before he was ticklish innplace, she'd never would have guessed and his eyes showed so much love andntrust in them. She was so much in her little daydream that she didn'tnrealize Dade had woken up and was giving her a strange look. When Katenfinally snapped out of her retrieve she realized the object of her,naffection was staring at her with a little smirk on his face. 'Well I'llnget that off' Kate thought. With the element of surprise, Kate kissed Dadenhard on the mouth, but not before looking into his eyes, she found the samenlook of love and trust that was there the night before. Dade smilednagainst her lips were here own smile was laid. When the air supply was tonlittle they broke the kiss, but both not ready to let go of each other sonKate, who was on top of Dade just snuggled up to then crook of his neck.nOnce there she let out a passionate sigh and said \"Good Morning\" A/N: Please Review good or bad. I'll write more later. ","Summary":" \" The Morning After\"nDisclaimer: I do not own Kate, Dade, or any other character. This is fornfun"},{"Movie":"Hackers","Title":"Not so Hackers","Author":"Neo12","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1400301","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hackers One of my all time favourites, but its just asking to be taken a piss at. All characters belong to their respectable authors. ©Copyright neo_alex FBI Headquarters Agent: We found the hacker who planted that virus that crashed those computers that did that work that. Gill: Ok, that's enough fuckwit, I know what he did. Agent: I wouldn't talk if my name was Dick Gill: There are worse names in the movie! And guess what, you're fired! *Agent starts walking away* Gill: No, come back, we don't have any more money to hire a different actor. Agent: Ok, your orders, sir? Gill: Well, this hacker is either a little kid-genius or a skinny geek, so I want you to take an entire strike force armed like they were hunting Osama Bin Laden. Agent: Um, Osama hasn't done anything yet. Gill: Sorry, my bad, now off you go! *Dade Murphy gets arrested, grows up and flies his ass outta town* Dade's Apartment Mother: What the hell are you doing on the computer? Dade: *closes the window with the porn* Taking over a TV station Mother: You what? Dade: I was being sarcastic Mother: Oh, carry on then. *Dade takes over a TV station. Suddenly his computer somehow shows weird graphics and words appear* AcidBurn: You are on my territory Dade: Trinity? AcidBurn: You idiot, The Matrix isn't released yet. Dade: That's ok, the film is full of ridicule anyway. AcidBurn: Yeah, suppose so, so yeh.get out. What's your name anyway? Dade: ZeroCool. mean, Crash Override. AcidBurn: Aren't you the guy that. Dade: You aren't supposed to find out until later on. AcidBurn: Ok, anyway, I'm kicking you off Dade: Mess with the best, die like the rest AcidBurn: Oookay. that was like so lame, anyhow, see you at school tomorrow, Dade. Dade: Bye, Kate. *Connection dropped flashes on the screen.* Dade: Damn, I didn't see that one coming. Ah, well, this calls for more porn. School *Dade meats Phreak, Cereal and Jamie.* Jamie: Phreak, I need a name, what about the Jamienator. Phreak: You so stole that from American Pie. Dade: Not out yet. Phreak: My bad. By the way, Jamie, never hack anything from your own home. Next day Phreak: Jamie got arrested, he hacked someone. Dade: Yeh, life's a bitch. Phreak: *Pulls out a floppy disk* We must find out what' on this disk Dade: Wait a minute, how did you get that? Phreak: No idea, the important thing is that I have it. *Dade gets to work to complete the script* Dade: I got it! *Phreak and Cereal look over Dade's shoulder and see him playing Virtual Valerie* Cereal: Wow, man, you beat my old record! Phreak: Oh, come on, Jamie's in jail, we need to help him. Cereal: There's only one thing we can do, ROLLER BLADE!\" Phreak: Good thinking, I'll get Burn and Nikon! Dade: Who are those two? Phreak: Kate is the one you have a competition with and Nikon's the talking black guy. Dade: I have a competition? Black guys talk? *Pulls out some spray paint and uses it on the keyboard* Cereal: Good work, doofus, you got all the keys stuck together Dade: This is a movie, the keyboard will just look camouflaged Central Station Jamie: Come on, guys, we don't have much time left. Phreak: Where the hell did you come from? I thought the point of the movie was to rescue you. Jamie: Nah, we have to save the world from a natural disaster. Phreak: But we're supposed to be outlaws, like Bonny and Clyde Jamie: Ok, then, Bonnie, get to work. What we doing is illegal, but its for the greater good. Dade: Guys, I am seeing cool graphics on my screen. Cereal: Wow, so that's what hacking looks like. Dade: Not really, this is just a movie. By the way, you are supposed to be outside so I can give you the floppy. Cereal: Right! *They all get arrested, but Cereal gets the disk from the bin and goes on an illegal TV station* Cereal(on TV): Ok, we're good guys, the bad guys are the IT support in this big company. Gill: Yeh, well, they are illegally translating this and showing us the number they could have just made up, so we better let them all go, despite them breaking like 50 federal laws. You're all free to go. Later on, in the pool Dade: Kate, look at the building! *She looks, but sees nothing* Kate: So? Dade: Just saying, it's a cool building. Kate: Hey, haven't you noticed how we all met for like 5 minutes and instantly became best friends? Dade: Yeh, and our characters didn't have a hint of development! Kate: Let's just kiss, so I can show off my underwear. *Lame love song that has nothing to do with the storyline comes on and credits roll* THE END.or is there gonna be an even worse-made sequel? ","Summary":" Hackers One of my all time favourites, but its just asking to be taken a piss at. All characters be"},{"Movie":"Hackers","Title":"Blade's Edge","Author":"Zoi no miko","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/255204","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Blade's Edge (a Hackers Fic) ~Zoi no miko I was always surrounded by computers, electronics, all through my childhood. My mother was a foreign applications CEO for IBM, and my father worked in audio-visual and program design for Sony. He was head of his department before I was eight. They thought that I was genius, genetically destined to follow in their footsteps, so I was more than encouraged to explore and meddle with the trinkets they brought home from work. Like most rich children, I was enrolled in an elite private school, dressed in uniforms, taught, my head crammed full of information. I hated school. It was so structured, with no room to question the set methods of learning or teaching. And though we all wore uniforms, I always knew I was different from the other children, marked. I should have been well liked - I was incredibly intelligent, all my teachers said so. Of course, that was always with a \"but\" - I couldn't apply myself, didn't work well with others. Not that I wanted to, in either case. Facts and numbers were boring when they had no application in my life, other than a distant marker of the past or future. And the others were so... juvenile. They didn't think like I did. My parents eventually pulled me out of school, bought me tutors. It helped, it was better then. More time to be on my own, to work with my computers. I was fourteen when we moved to New York, my mother and I. I'd seen it coming, the divorce. My father, by that time, was more in love with his work than my mother, so she had an affair, then filed for divorce, asking for a transfer to New York, moving in with her American lover. I went with her. I doubt my father even noticed when we left. I knew English by then, of course. The future universal language had been pounded into our heads since the first year of school. I had to know it well to hack, anyway. And hacking had taught me the slang. Not that I preferred English, of course. Japanese just felt so much better to say.... New York had its good and bad points. The phone system was easier to con, for instance. And my taste in clothing seemed similar to that of the elite, as if Japan's fashion was finally seeping over. The bad thing, of course, was that I had to go back to school, placed in the level with people my age as opposed to my intelligence. And a week before it started, I still hadn't figured out a way to get out of it. But a week before school started was also when I first met two very important people. My mother and her William were holding a housewarming party, showing off the penthouse apartment they could well afford with their salaries. Friends of William's, associates from work, all older, successful people who would ignore me all night, or try to talk down to me, assuming because of my height that I was younger than fourteen, and much less intelligent. And the worst part about it was the fact that my mother made me wear a suite - coat, trousers and a matching vest of stiff, cream linen. It probably looked quite nice on me - my mother had impeccable taste - but the fact that she knew of my utter aversion to suits was what made me sulk the whole evening, hoping the adults would hurry up and get drunk so I could lock myself in my room with my computers. One couple arrived fashionably late, toting their son with them as if they assumed the invitation was extended to anyone they cared to bring along. They were oriental, but looked like they were properly Americanized. I wondered if their son even knew a language other than English. William greeted them at the door, exchanging pleasantries and taking their coats, eyeing the boy nervously, as if he wasn't quite sure what to do with him. The couple apologized heartily, with fizzled explanations about sitters falling through, and - Oh, didn't Sayana have a son who was thirteen, too? I regarded the boy. Thirteen, and his parents still got sitters for him? He was probably one of those rich, bratty things, nihonjin spoiled by America's attitude and money. He was in a suit, too, a gray corduroy thing that looked entirely too uncomfortable. I smiled slightly, glad that I wasn't the only one with a sadistic mother. William looked around, a little helpless, until he spotted me. He waved me over, and I joined, reluctantly. \"Makoji. This is the Yurutsu's son. He's thirteen, too. You can hang with him tonight. Show him that neato computer of yours, eh, tiger?\" I gave him a very unimpressed look, not liking his terminology. \"I'm fourteen, Will.\" Waving away anything else he had to say, I grabbed the boys' sleeve, dragging him across the room, wordlessly. \"Makoji, right?\" He asked, following. \"Mak,\" I corrected. I knew I'd have to Americanize my name eventually, and I'd decided to do it myself rather than let the school kids chop it down to something I didn't like. \"I'm Drew,\" he replied. And an American name. I wrinkled my nose slightly. \"Hajimimashite,\" I said. Pleased to meet you, though I was too annoyed to be pleased about anything at that moment. He gave a slight smile, answering in my birth language, to my surprise. \"Arigato gosiamashita.\" The more respectful form of thank-you. He really did know the language... I stopped at the entrance to my room, turning, eyeing him. \"Hm.\" Maybe he wasn't too bad, then. \"Come on,\" I said, leading him into my room, and closing the door behind him. It was my front room, really. A sitting room that lead to the bedroom beyond, a room that held all my tech stuff. Drew looked around, eyes wide. \"...wow. Wish my parents could get me all this junk.\" I shrugged, slightly proud. \"It's prototype. Won't hit the market for a couple years.\" \"Don't I know it...\" he paused, looking at the PC that was hooked up. \"Radical. Can I have a look?\" \"Don't screw it up,\" I replied. He sat down and turned on the monitor, exiting out of the shell program and into DOS immediately, fingers flying over the keys. I moved to stand beside him, making sure he wasn't doing anything too stupid. Oddly enough, he seemed to know what he was doing, pulling up stats and diagnostic files. \"Mak, this things *incredible*!\" he said, half-grinning at the screen. \"386, 28k modem, twenty thou KB Virtual memory, 32-bit disk access.... Man, I know guys who'd give their eyeteeth for something like this. They don't even *market* 386s yet.\" \"I know,\" I said, more than a little smugly now. He poked a few keys. \"Just as long as you use this thing for something other than games, Mak.\" \"What if I didn't?\" \"Then I'd say the thing was going to waste.\" \"Trust me. It's not.\" He turned, raised an eyebrow. \"You hack?\" \"Of course.\" \"Done anything spectacular?\" I shook my head slightly. \"No. I want to get noticed with something really big. I haven't figured out what that something is yet.\" He nodded slightly. \"Sounds like me. Can't really figure out where I want to fit in with things, though. But I want to be elite, eventually. Maybe when I'm older.\" \"Doesn't everyone who hacks want to be elite?\" \"Yeah, I guess so. Every serious hacker, anyhow.\" He paused, leaning back in the chair. \"What's your handle?\" \"Katana Blade.\" I smiled slightly. In essence, both words were the same, a katana was a Japanese sword. But it sounded neat, which served its purpose. He grinned. \"Razor Wire.\" \"Not bad.\" He nodded towards the screen. \"What are you doing with it now?\" \"Now? I'm trying to track this guy. I talked to him a couple times before, he really knows his stuff. He's elite. He said he has something big planned. Have you ever bumped into him? His handle is Zero Cool.\" His eyes widened. \"You met Zero Cool?\" \"Only online. Why? You know him?\" \"Don't you read the papers? He's the guy the police are implicating in that huge crash a couple days ago. You know, the one that crashed Wall Street?\" \"And fifteen hundred and six other systems.\" I grinned. \"I guess he really was planning something big. I'd love to get my hands on that virus.\" \"Wouldn't we all. They still haven't caught him, huh? Still looking for the IP number. Wouldn't it be cool if he never got caught?\" \"The government would throw a fit, thinking there was someone out there who could screw the system. Someone that had more control than they could. Wouldn't that be cool? We could hack anything, TV stations, schools, whatever. Hack the planet.\" \"Yeah.\" Drew was silent for a moment, then looked over at me. \"Wanna work together? You know, share codes and stuff?\" I regarded him. As much as I'd made up my mind to have a miserable evening, I'd actually found myself enjoying his company. And liking him. And it occurred to me that maybe I'd finally have a really friend. I smiled back. \"Sure.\" ~~ So while Zero Cool disappeared into memory, Drew and I made it big. We somehow ended up in all the same classes despite our age difference - schools weren't hard to hack if you knew how - which made education bearable for the both of us. We did well, and we hacked, making ourselves known even in high school. I dropped the \"Katana\" in my name, he dropped the \"Wire\", and we became Razor and Blade, as official as hacker partners could be. After we'd both graduated, we bought a club with our parents money, sharing an apartment adjoining it, paying people to run it, living off the profit quite nicely. We hung with elite hackers, did the party thing, and did it as Razor and Blade. They knew us. They thought we were flakes, but they knew who we were. And they knew we were richer than hell - well, we had bought the club they all went to. And they knew we knew our stuff. It was five years after Zero Cool's big crash that I really started looking for him again. The courts had restrained the media, since he was just a minor. I think that was what had shocked me the most, finding out that this kid was younger than I was. But we did know he'd been sentenced to several years probation, being banned from using computers until he was legal. So I started looking for him. How old had he been? I'd guessed my age, or Drew's. Which meant he'd be getting online again, soon. I doubted he'd stay away from computers any longer than he had to. And I wanted to learn from him, get to know him. To find the person who'd inspired me. Drew came into my room early one evening, several weeks after I'd started looking. He leaned over my shoulder, a slight tone of annoyance in his voice. \"Are you still looking for that guy?\" \"Yes.\" I'd hacked the court records, which I was very proud of, finding his name, age, everything about him. And school records, federal records, finding every piece of information I could on the boy named Dade Murphy. He'd been younger than even I'd thought when he'd crashed Wall Street, only eleven. Which put him at sixteen, now. Seventeen at best. But that didn't deter me. He was still online. He had to be, somehow. And I wanted to find him, talk to him. Hack his computer, if I had to. \"You've been doing that for the past three weeks. Over.\" \"I know,\" I replied. \"I'm close, Drew. I'm gonna find Dade.\" Even the name implied someone special - Dade. His real name, not a handle. Did anyone else in the world have that name? \"Maybe he's not online. He'd be breaking probation if he was, you know.\" \"I know. But things like that don't stop real hackers.\" He frowned. \"You said we'd go out tonight, Mak.\" \"Tomorrow. I'm close. We'll go out tomorrow, I promise.\" \"You said that last night. And the night before that. And several other times, if I recall correctly.\" \"So I ran into roadblocks. Sorry. But I'm gonna find him tonight,\" I said, trying to verbally push him away. \"That's what you said last night, too.\" \"So? Tonight's for real.\" He was silent for a moment. \"Then what? \"What do you mean, then what? Then I'll talk to him.\" \"Mak, it's been five years. Do you know how behind he'll be? If he's even online again, which I doubt.\" \"I don't think he ever left his computer,\" I replied, taking my hands away from the keyboard, leaning back. \"I wouldn't have.\" \"Your mother doesn't care what you do. His parents might.\" I ignored that. \"Dade's a genius. He won't be behind.\" \"He's just a boy. He's not some techno-god like you're making him out to be.\" \"Dade isn't just another boy,\" I shot back. \"And I'm going to find him.\" \"Dade. All I hear is Dade, you tracking Dade. You're obsessed, Mak! With this kid who you talked to - what, twice? And five years ago! Twice! He got caught! How wonderful is that?!\" \"He crashed fifteen hundred - \" \"I don't care if he hacked the planet!\" Drew was really riled, almost screaming now. \"He got caught! He's on probation, banned from even operating a frieken telephone! He's not coming back, Mak!\" \"Why the hell do you care so much, suddenly?\" I shot back, suddenly angered. \"What business is it of yours what I do? Maybe you're just jealous 'cause he's better than you. Is that it? 'Cause he proved himself when he was eleven, and you had to struggle to be elite! You'll never be as good as he is!\" \"Neither will you!\" He shot back. \"You could be, but you spend your time tracking that kid! You might as well marry the guy, for all you think about him. It's sick, Mak! You're wasting your time!\" I headed for the door, fuming. \"Oh screw off, Drew! I thought you understood. Guess I was wrong.\" I slammed the door behind me, storming downstairs and through the club, then out onto the street. I caught a taxi, and sulked the whole way to my mothers. She wasn't home - she never was, anymore. I was suddenly glad the door was code-operated, because I'd left so fast I found I'd forgotten my keys. Not that I cared. I wouldn't be going back. I tried booting up my old computer, but was too restless, annoyed, to work on the dang thing for more than five minutes. Finally I settled down in front of the TV with a cup of miso soup and a stiff, designer afghan, flipping channels, not really paying attention to anything. And my mind drifted back to the confrontation earlier. What if... was he right? It wasn't just the past few weeks, when I'd been looking for Dade. Ever since I first talked to him I'd seen him as a role model, someone to look up to. I'd wanted to find him, befriend him so badly. I'd thought he'd understand me.... But I barely knew him, like Drew had said.... Drew. I'd practically ignored him for the past couple weeks. The one who really did understand me... even when I didn't think he did. He must hate me, now. With that miserable thought, I dozed off. When I awoke to infomercials several hours later, the apartment was still dark and empty, my soup cold, abandoned. I sat up and stretched, a little stiff. Gall, what was I doing here? I had to go back, had to apologize to him.... I picked up my jacket from where I had dropped it when I came in, putting it back on and leaving the apartment. It was well past midnight, but the city was still awake, our club still open to the night owls. I made my way up several sets of staircases to our apartment. The door was closed, locked. I rang the bell. There was no answer for such a long time that I wondered, almost panicked, if he'd left as well.... Drew answered the door after the second ring. He looked like hell, tired, drained. He regarded me for a moment, then turned and went back into the apartment, almost collapsing onto the sofa, letting his head rest in one hand. I stepped in, closing the door behind me, and hovered near the entrance. \"Drew....\" \"What?\" I took a deep breath. \"You were right, I was wrong. I'm sorry.\" He was silent for several moments, then turned to look at me. \"You mean that?\" \"Yeah.\" I let out a long sigh, taking off my coat and draping it over the back of a nearby chair. \"I got kinda carried away. I didn't mean to make you angry.\" He looked up. \"... I'm sorry. I guess I just got the feeling that you cared more for that kid than you did your best friend. But that's all right. Hackers work alone, anyhow.\" \"No.\" I moved, sitting beside him. \"Look, it's my fault. You're right, I was wrong. Dade's off the face of the planet, and there's nothing I can do about it. But I don't want to work alone. Alone sucks. I want to work with you, Drew.\" Drew managed a weak half-smile. \"I guess I just don't get that feeling from you all the time.\" \"Sorry,\" I replied, moving to hold him. He blinked. \"What are you doing?\" \"Hugging you. Am I not allowed?\" \"Well - I guess...\" He returned the hug almost awkwardly. \"Sorry. I wasn't hugged much when I was a kid.\" \"Yeah. Me neither.\" I moved slightly closer, and he rested his face against my shoulder. \"You know,\" I said, stroking his shoulder almost absently, \"We had the perfect handles to work together. Like we were predestined or something.\" \"Kinda stereotypical, though.\" He murmured. \"It's perfect.\" I touched my lips to his hair briefly. He stiffened. \"Mak - \" \"Sorry. Obsessive-compulsive.\" He raised his head. \"...Mak?\" \"Yeah?\" He paused, then shook his head slightly. \"Nothing.\" \"No, what?\" He swallowed. \"I... you were right about me being jealous, though.\" \"You don't have to be. Dade's a world away. And you're my best friend, not some kid. I'm going to keep my promises from now on....\" I paused. \"Were you really that jealous?\" He gave a slight shrug, looking away, and I wondered whether he'd really heard all my words. \"Mak, I....\" He stopped, then shook his head again, trembling slightly. \"Nevermind.\" \"Drew...\" I touched the side of his face gently, making him look at me. \"...what's wrong? You can tell me....\" He closed his eyes, silent for a long moment, then whispered, \"I think I'm in love with you.\" I stared, not answering. Of all the responses, that was not what I'd expected.... He opened his eyes again, forcing a slight smile. \"I'm sorry,\" he murmured, and kissed me. It was just a simple kiss, just our lips pressed together, but it was more than enough to render me totally speechless, tingles racing down my spine, a million thoughts in my mind, and all of them centered on Drew. I stared down at my hands, not really seeing them, mind still whirling. Then I looked back up at him. He was watching me, looking a little fearful, a slight blush colouring his cheeks. Drew.... Gall, was he really...? Sexuality wasn't something I'd ever wondered about. I'd admired beauty, male and female, but never really gone after anyone as far as dating was concerned. And he was beautiful.... perfect almond skin, quirky smile, expressive, beautiful eyes.... Was that why I wanted to find Dade so badly? Someone so perfect, impossibly unattainable... so I wouldn't have to take the risk of being rejected by Drew? But if he really did love me.... I gave a slight smile. Then I took his face in my hands and leaned forward to kiss him back, longer kisses that soon turned a little less simple, tasting him hesitantly. I pulled away, finally, and he laid his head back down on my shoulder, trembling slightly. I ran a hand over his hair gently, comforting. \"Mak?\" \"Yeah?\" \"I just kissed you. You're not supposed to be doing this.\" \"Why not? I kissed you back, didn't I?\" \"Yes, but - \" \"But what?\" I moved away from him, pulling his face up to look at him, still smiling slightly. \"Drew, I grew up in Japan. We're more accustomed to seeing shonen ai. And the two of us are practically sakura anyway....\" \"I didn't think I was that pretty,\" he murmured, casting his eyes down. I was silent for a moment. \"You are,\" I whispered, finally. He glanced back up, and I recovered my voice, trying to cover my sense of awe, hide my trembling hands. \"And you have impeccable taste, which is just as important.\" \"Yours is better.\" I scoffed. \"When we borrow each other's clothes? I think not.\" I let my smile fade and took a breath, trembling as much as he was, now, despite my act. \"So,\" I started, voice quiet, \"do you want to add lovers to the list of things that we are?\" He was quiet for a moment, and I began to wonder if I'd asked too soon. After all, he'd grown up in America.... He grinned, suddenly. \"Yeah.\" He nodded slightly, as if to affirm that. \"Yeah.\" ~~ I was the one who first painted my face. It wasn't too much of a difference in my image - I all ready wore earrings, very female-styled clothing. So I went all the way, not wanting to do anything half-hearted. Stark white, true to the fashion of the ancient orient, painted wine colored lips, eyes penciled to look larger and even more slanted. Drew just about fell over the first time he saw me. He regarded me, speechless, for several moments. \"Mak... you look like a fag.\" I grinned, flipping one hand in the stereotypical fag gesture. \"So? I'm a Hacker. And it's called \"J-Rock\". I'm allowed to look eccentric. Or be eccentric. People can think whatever they want. We've done enough. We're elite. They won't mess with us.\" I leaned back in the chair I was sitting on, stretching slightly. \"Americans think we all look alike, anyway. So we have an advantage over the others. You see them in a school, you follow them home, you know their real name. All I have to do is take off my make-up and I disappear. You, too.\" He shook his head. \"I'm not painting my face like a geisha girl.\" \" 'Course not. I all ready did that. Just wear make-up.\" I motioned to the vanity, where the various cosmetics I'd accumulated over the past while were scattered. \"Go on.\" He hesitated, looking over them. Then he picked up a black pencil, lining his eyes like mine - tilted up and feminine. Gold shadow, bright and very noticeable. And a hint of silver on his lips. He turned back to me, finally. \"Good?\" I swallowed. \"...you look beautiful, Sakura,\" I murmured, standing, embracing him, our bodies pressed together. \"Look... I really should have asked you first,\" I told him. \"If you don't want me to look like a fag....\" He gave a half smile. \"You're a hacker. We're allowed to be eccentric.\" He swallowed. \"And... you do look beautiful.\" \"Thank-you,\" I murmured, and kissed him. He pulled back. \"Mak! You'll smudge my lipstick!\" I chuckled, glad that he'd taken to this more than I'd thought he would. \"I don't care,\" I whispered, claiming his lips. We both ended up re-doing our make-up before we finally went out that night. But that didn't really matter. Not to us. 1995 was when I finally met Dade. By that time, of course, I was so utterly in love with my other half that it really didn't matter. But it brought a sense of closure, finally being able to talk to him.... A friend of ours, Acid Burn, had come to see us, come for help. I wasn't quite sure why she'd brought him along, unless it was because she knew of my past obsession. He was going by Crash Override by that time. I made a show of admiring Burn, for both Drew's benefit and my own. She was pretty, for a girl. Even scared Dade to heck with our gun-shaped lighter on the experimental mechanical arm we'd been working on. Drew had been uneasy when we'd allowed them to speak to us, but he'd relaxed at that. As he talked, I took the opportunity to regard Dade in person. Zero Cool, Crash Override, the parcel that was him. And I wondered what I really saw. He may have been brilliant, but... there were cuter. Cereal Killer, though he was a bit psychotic for my taste. Even the little try-hard chain smoker they hung with that didn't even have a handle, to my knowledge. And neither of them could hold a finger to my sakura.... Crash and Burn. I wondered if the two of them knew how perfect they probably were for each other.... Two years ago I might have been dismayed. But not now. Not with Drew. I took Drew's hand as they left, touching my lips gently to the back of it. \"I love you,\" I whispered. He turned to look at me, smiling back. \"I love you, too.\" ~~~~ ","Summary":" Blade's Edge (a Hackers Fic) ~Zoi no miko I was always surrounded by computers, electronics, all th"},{"Movie":"Pan","Title":"Le Pays de Nulle Part","Author":"InvisibleAloneGirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11813652","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Le réveil Le roulis des vague qui s'écrase... Voilà le premier son que j'entend. Étrange... La dernière chose dont je me souviens c'est pourtant de m'être emmitouflée dans la couette après une longue journée épuisante. De l'eau vient lécher tes orteils nus et la matière sur laquelle tu es allongée de tout ton long semble être du sable. Dur et rugueux contre ma joue, il irrite la paume des mes mains. Ma tête me fait horriblement mal mais je parviens tout de même à entrouvrir les yeux, pour les refermer aussitôt, agressés par l'intense luminosité dégagée par le Soleil. Essayant de m'habituer progressivement à la lumière, je me relève avec un difficulté, m'appuyant sur mes mains meurtries et mes genoux écorchés eux aussi. \"_ Où suis-je?\" je finis par murmurer, plus pour moi même qu'autre chose. Devant mes yeux ébahis se trouve une immense plage de sable blanc, bordée d'une végétation luxuriante comme des palmiers, des fleurs aux pétales colorés et aux senteurs enivrantes. Quel est cet endroit étrange? Est ce que je fais un rêve éveillé? Lucide peut être? Je fais quelques puis finis par me retourner. Et là c'est la stupéfaction. Une étendue d'eau me fais face. Jusque là ça va. Mais au-delà de l'eau turquoise se trouve une mer de nuages. Je peux même apercevoir des sortes d'énormes bulles d'eau où des formes se mouvent gracieusement. Sûrement des poissons et d'autres créatures marines... Et ma tête qui me lance... Une main en visière, je finis par me mettre à l'ombre d'un palmier pour échapper à la chaleur étouffante. Faisons le point. Je suis dans un endroit que je ne connais pas. Une île visiblement. Même si les nuages me rendent perplexes... Mais le pire c'est que je ne me souviens de rien. Ma mémoire est comme une feuille blanche. Totalement vierge. Mon seul souvenir est celui de m'être couchée la veille... A part ça, mes mains et mes genoux sont écorchés, et, d'après ce que je peux observer, ma peau est plutôt pâle et mes cheveux sont blancs. Pas blonds ou très clairs, non, blancs! Un soupir m'échappe. La situation ne paraît pas être à mon avantage... Je n'ai pas d'armes, pas de nourriture ni d'eau, ce qui réduit considérablement mes chances de survie... Pour l'instant ce sont mes seules priorités. Alors me voilà partie dans les profondeurs de cette jungle épaisse, sans doute marchant vers une mort certaine. Et mes cheveux ne vont pas vraiment me faciliter la tâche niveau discrétion. En m'enfonçant progressivement dans cette forêt exubérante, je suis assaillie de toutes parts par mille sensations et odeurs qui me sont étrangères. Les couleurs presque agressives, les feuilles et la terre sous mes pieds, l'humidité ambiante mais aussi tous les bruits et cris d'animaux qui ne présagent rien qui vaille pour moi. Mon t-shirt et mon pantalon sont arrachés, couverts de saleté et ma progression est laborieuse, ralentie par les feuilles immenses. Après un temps qui me paraît infini, je trouve enfin une petite clairière traversée par un petit cours d'eau. Je me désaltère longuement et évalue l'heure au milieu de l'après midi... Le Soleil irradie toujours au dessus de ma tête et ma longue marche m'a épuisé. Je m'assoie donc, à nouveau adossée à un arbre et j'essais de solliciter ma mémoire. Mais c'est peine perdue... Un nouveau soupir m'échappe et je finis par m'assoupir... -Ellipse temporelle- Lorsque je me réveille à nouveau, la Lune est haute dans le ciel et... Une dizaine de paire d'yeux me fixe intensément... A suivre.[Chapter 2] -Ellipse temporelle- Lorsque je me réveille à nouveau, la Lune est haute dans le ciel et... Une dizaine de paire d'yeux me fixe intensément... ... L'errance Une multitude d'animaux à la fois familiers et étranges m'entourent. Des félins aux yeux en amandes, des singes au pelage ébouriffé et une multitude d'oiseaux me surplombent, menaçants dans la lueur blafarde de la Lune. Le mince croissant semble sourire mais je ne partage pas son goût pour la plaisanterie. Cette atmosphère étrange me glace le sang et je décide de partir. Me relevant le plus doucement possible pour éviter de me faire attaquer, je reprend mon errance, ne sachant vers où me diriger. Tout paraît encore plus inquiétant la nuit. Tous ces cris, le craquement des feuilles sous mes pas devient sinistre et je ne peux empêcher ma respiration de s'accélérer. L'adrénaline se diffuse dans mes veines, exacerbant mes sens. Au sol, sans arme, je suis une proie de choix pour tous les prédateurs affamés qui rôdent dans le noir... Je décide donc de grimper à la cime d'un de ces immenses arbres, espérant y trouver refuge au moins pour le reste de la nuit. L'écorce rêche ne fait qu'empirer mes plaies aux mains, mais je jugule ma douleur. Ma survie en dépend. Tout a l'air hostile sur cette île mais peut être que des populations l'habitent. Dans ce cas, il faut que je les trouve. Si ce n'est pas le cas, j'ai trouvé de l'eau alors je devrais pouvoir trouver aussi de la nourriture en attendant de trouver une solution sur le long terme. Je continue de monter, pensant à tout cela. Des branches et des feuilles me griffent et je manque de tomber de plusieurs mètres à plusieurs reprises. Aucun doute sur le fait que je puisse mourir après une telle chute. La cime se rapproche lentement, j'évalue ma hauteur à environs dix mètres au-dessus du sol. Je croise quelques singes et des oiseaux qui s'empressent de crier lorsque je m'approche de leur nid. Des odeurs âcres assaillent mes narines, pas comme les senteurs fruitées que j'ai senti aujourd'hui pendant ma marche. Le danger est partout, guettant le moindre faux pas de ma part pour m'achever. C'est presque un miracle quand j'arrive en haut de l'immense arbre, après ce qui me semble une éternité à grimper. Le spectacle que j'observe est magique. La forêt s'étend à perte de vue jusqu'à la mer. Les étoiles luisent d'un éclat époustouflant dans le ciel d'un noir d'encre. Le vent souffle doucement, agitant les feuilles teintées de bleu par la lumière de l'astre. Les craquements des branches ainsi que le sifflement de la brise est apaisant et me calme presque, mon rythme cardiaque ralentissant peu à peu. Je me cale dans une fourche de l'arbre, essayant d'adopter la position la plus sûre et confortable pour dormir un peu. La journée de demain risque d'être longue... Comme celles qui la suivront... -Quelques heures plus tard- Un éclat brillant me réveille, me faisant plisser les yeux instinctivement. Le Soleil est en train de se lever. Me levant, en équilibre sur la branche, j'observe le spectacle époustouflant qui s'offre à moi. L'immense étoile est pareille à une immense boule de feu qui embrase la ligne d'horizon, scintillant dans les bulles d'eau au loin et traversant les nuages cotonneux. Je continue mon observation, après tout je suis au meilleur endroit pour faire une brève inspection de mon environnement! Derrière moi, des collines montent en pente douce et derrière elles, un pic, le tout couvert de végétation. A ma droite, la jungle s'étale toujours... Finalement je ne suis pas sur le plus haut poste d'observation... Finalement, à ma droite, je remarque une sorte de construction dans les arbres. Je la vois seulement si je plisse les yeux tant elle est bien camouflée dans la canopée. Voilà mon prochain objectif. Emplie de détermination, je commence à redescendre, mémorisant bien la direction que je dois prendre... A suivre.[Chapter 3] Finalement, à ma droite, je remarque une sorte de construction dans les arbres. Je la vois seulement si je plisse les yeux tant elle est bien camouflée dans la canopée. Voilà mon prochain objectif. Emplie de détermination, je commence à redescendre, mémorisant bien la direction que je dois prendre... ... La capture Je redescend de mon perchoir, essayant de ne pas aggraver encore plus mes plaies. Je décide de retourner sur mes pas, pour retrouver le ruisseau que j'ai découvert hier. L'eau est mon plus gros problème, de plus, mon ventre commence à gargouiller, gronder furieusement... Pour l'instant, j'essais de ne pas y penser et de me concentrer sur mes deux objectifs de la journée: l'eau et cette tour que j'ai vu. S'il y a des humains, je dois les trouver et leur demander de l'aide. Après une vingtaine de minutes de marche, je débouche sur la clairière, le cours d'eau chantonnant gaiement, toutes traces des animaux effrayants effacées. Je bois longuement dans l'onde claire et me rafraîchit un peu. Le journée promet d'être chaude. Le soleil est désormais entièrement levé, brillant et rond au-dessus de ma tête. Je mouille mes cheveux, bois une dernière fois puis reprend ma marche vers, semble-t-il, une trace de présence humaine. Les bruits, cris et chants foisonnent dans la forêt mais, étrangement, je commence à m'y habituer. Je rencontre beaucoup d'obstacles qui me ralentissent dans mon cheminement et je fais beaucoup de bruits en me déplaçant... Mes chances de survie sont toujours aussi basses hélas... Je ne survivrais peut être pas à une nuit de plus dans cette jungle. Emplie de détermination, l'adrénaline se diffuse dans mes veines et j'accélère le pas, me rapprochant de plus en plus de ma lueur d'espoir. Même si plus personne n'y vit, cette construction pourra sans doute m'être des plus utile. Les minutes s'écoulent. Puis des heures... Mes pieds me font souffrir et les souches, branches et feuilles me ralentissent de plus en plus, au fur et à mesure que je m'enfonce plus profondément au cœur de cette forêt vierge... La chaleur est devenue étouffante et la déshydratation me guette. Je dois trouver de l'eau et un abri pour la nuit. Et ce, le plus vite possible. L'humidité m'empêche de respirer correctement mais je tiens bon. Je pense avoir réussi à garder le cap et même si j'ai du mal pour évaluer les distances, je pense ne plus être très loin. Une sorte de chemin me guide, ce qui me conforte dans ma théorie. Des gens vivent ici. En espérant qu'ils ne soient pas hostiles... Je déplace une immense feuille qui ressemble à une oreille d'éléphant et découvre la fameuse construction en bois que j'ai aperçu ce matin. Ma fatigue s'envole presque instantanément et une exclamation de soulagement m'échappe. Je me mets à courir vers l'immense arbre qui soutient la structure et lève la tête, étourdie par la grandeur de l'édifice, tant celle de végétal que celle de bois. L'échelle me tente. Je décide de grimper, peut être que je verrais un village ou des habitations, même rien qu'un lac ou ce qui ressemblerait à des arbres fruitiers. J'ai de plus en plus faim et je ne vais pas pouvoir voyager comme cela éternellement. Échelon après échelon, je me hisse vers la canopée de cet arbre. Arrivée à une plateforme, je regarde autour de moi et ne remarque rien de ce que je recherche... Après l'espoir de trouver cette tour, me voilà de nouveau abattue, à la fois physiquement et mentalement. Ma vision se floute et des baisses de tension affectent mes yeux, les couvrant d'un voile noir par intermittence... Je remarque toutefois, en descendant le plus lentement possible, des formes colorées qui semblent se mouvoir dans les branches des arbres autour de moi. Des hallucinations carrément? Un nouveau soupir franchit la barrière de mes lèvres quand je retouche terre... Mais c'est une exclamation de surprise réelle que je pousse quand je me n'avais pas halluciné. Plus de dix personnes m'encerclent, pointant des lances acérées vers mon pauvre corps épuisé. Je lève doucement mes mains blessées, en signe de rémission et ces étranges guerriers aux tenues colorées se précipitent pour me ligoter les mains dans le dos. Je n'ai pas la force de résister alors que l'inconscience me fauche brutalement... A suivre.[Chapter 4] Plus de dix personnes m'encerclent, pointant des lances acérées vers mon pauvre corps épuisé. Je lève doucement mes mains blessées, en signe de rémission et ces étranges guerriers aux tenues colorées se précipitent pour me ligoter les mains dans le dos. Je n'ai pas la force de résister alors que l'inconscience me fauche brutalement... ... Le village Quand je me réveille, je remarque que je suis assise par terre, les mains toujours liées dans le dos. Ma nuque me fait souffrir ainsi que mes bras. La corde rêche me brûle les poignets alors que je reprends peu à peu conscience de ce qui m'entoure. Des tentures colorées m'entourent et des objets que je ne connais pas s'amoncellent de part et d'autre de moi. L'immense poteau qui retient les tissus bigarrés m'empêche de faire le moindre mouvement. Je relève la tête et aperçois deux formes barrant l'entrée de l'espèce de tente. Des gardes. Génial. Si on m'a attaché ici, cela signifie que ces gens ne sont pas forcément amicaux... Parfait... Apparemment on m'a donné à boire et à manger car ma bouche n'est plus sèche comme un désert et mon estomac ne gronde pas à m'en faire mal. Des odeurs étrangères assaillent violemment mes narines et des bruits étranges résonnent dehors. La panique m'envahit progressivement et j'essais vainement de me dégager, ne faisant qu'aggraver mes blessures aux poignets. Des voix s'approchent de la tente accompagnées d'ombres. Un femme et un enfant il me semble. Je me calme tant bien que mal, ne voulant pas montrer ma peur à mes visiteurs. Les pans rouges orangés sont déplacés et, comme je l'ai vu, une femme et un garçon rentrent dans ma \"geôle\". Je vrilles mes yeux dans les leurs, essayant de me faire passer pour plus impressionnante que ce que je suis. La jeune femme a les cheveux châtains tressés, un visage fin et est maquillé d'un rose assez vif qui remonte jusqu'à ses tempes. Son port de tête est fier et son aura est guerrière. Je reporte mon attention sur le petit garçon. Cheveux courts et châtains aussi. Des yeux très clairs et un chapeau avec une plume sur sa tête. Ses habits ressemblent un peu aux miens. Enfin je crois... Ils s'avancent doucement mais c'est l'enfant qui parle en premier: \"_ Je m'appelle Peter. Peter Pan. Et elle, dit-il en désignant la femme qui l'accompagne, c'est Lily. Et toi?\" Sa voix est douce, pas menaçante du tout, ce qui me rassure un peu. Je m'étonne du fait qu'il parle la même langue que moi mais finis par répondre. \"_ Je ne sais plus. Je ne me souviens de rien.\" \"_ Vraiment?\" Je hoche la tête, un peu impressionnée et mal à l'aise. Mes visiteurs échangent un regard puis le petit sort une petite lame de son pantalon. Je me tends instinctivement alors qu'il s'approche de moi. Que va-t-il me faire? Il remarque mon affolement et me rassure du regard. Je soupire de soulagement quand il défait mes liens et me tend la main pour que m'aider à me relever. Je me remets sur mes pieds et lui souris. Hélas, la douleur dans mes mains se fait ressentir et je grimace, ce qu'il ne manque pas de me remarquer. Sa petite main vient se glisser dans la mienne et il me tire doucement vers l'extérieur de la tente en me disant: \"_ Viens, on va soigner ça et je vais te faire visiter le village! Après on t'aidera à retrouver la mémoire t'en fais pas!\" Son sourire enfantin me réchauffe le cœur et je le suis, prête à découvrir mon nouvel environnement... Finalement, ces gens pourront peut être m'aider! Le soleil réchauffe mon visage quand je sors et je découvre tout un tas de tente comme celle dans laquelle j'étais attachée. Leurs couleurs pétantes tranchent avec le vert de la jungle. Les planches de bois sont douces sous mes pieds nus et je savoure l'air pur qui règne dans cet endroit. Peter me guide dans les méandres des petites maisons quand des yeux bleus limpides accrochent mon regard... Un étrange homme me fixe, habillé d'une veste bleu verte et coiffé d'un chapeau... A suivre.[Chapter 5] Les explications \"_ Viens, on va soigner ça et je vais te faire visiter le village! Après on t'aidera à retrouver la mémoire t'en fais pas!\" Son sourire enfantin me réchauffe le cœur et je le suis, prête à découvrir mon nouvel environnement... Finalement, ces gens pourront peut être m'aider! Le soleil réchauffe mon visage quand je sors et je découvre tout un tas de tente comme celle dans laquelle j'étais attachée. Leurs couleurs pétantes tranchent avec le vert de la jungle. Les planches de bois sont douces sous mes pieds nus et je savoure l'air pur qui règne dans cet endroit. Peter me guide dans les méandres des petites maisons quand des yeux bleus limpides accrochent mon regard... Un étrange homme me fixe, habillé d'une veste bleu verte et coiffé d'un chapeau... ... Ne pouvant soutenir plus longtemps ce regard qui me transperce, je reporte mon attention sur Peter et suis sa frêle silhouette à travers les plateformes qui relient les cabanes entre elles. Les couleurs vives agressent quelque peu mes yeux mais ça me rassure. Ces gens pourront m'aider. Dans un élan d'espoir, je sollicite ma mémoire mais... C'est toujours le grand blanc... Un soupir m'échappe, suivi d'un gémissement de douleur quand mes mains me rappellent qu'elles sont blessées, rougies et cloquées. Arrivée dans une autre tente, Peter m'introduit à un vieil homme qui se présente comme le médecin du village. Assis à même le sol, des fleurs et autres plantes séchées pendent du plafond et un encens au parfum capiteux brûle dans un coin de la pièce à côté d'un pilon en bois. Je m'assois à côté du jeune garçon et observe le soigneur mélanger des tas d'herbes différentes et ajouter de l'eau pour en faire une sorte de mixture verdâtre et à l'odeur forte. Il applique ensuite ce cataplasme sur mes paumes meurtries et les enveloppe avec douceur dans des linges propres. Je le remercie et me tourne vers mon nouvel ami, qui m'offre un grand sourire enfantin. Nous sortons enfin de la tente puis Peter me prend la main et me conduit sans un mot vers une autre petite bâtisse. Je m'arrête cependant devant une tenture orange dévoilant un grand miroir. Mes doigts glissent hors de la prise du garçon et marche lentement vers la surface réfléchissante. La personne que j'aperçois dans le reflet m'est étrangère. Toujours pas de souvenirs... Je vois des cheveux blancs, comme je l'avais remarqué avant ainsi que des grands yeux gris cernés de poches presque violettes. Des égratignures et des bleus parsèment mes bras et mes jambes. Mes vêtements sont déchirés et flottent lamentablement au gré de la brise qui règne dans la pièce. Mes mains bandées viennent parfaire mon air d'évadée d'asile psychiatrique. Je soupire, cherchant à activer ma mémoire... En vain. Abattue, je finis par rejoindre Peter qui m'attend dehors... \"_ Ne t'en fais pas... On va t'aider!\" Son sourire joyeux me réchauffe le cœur mais je ne peux m'empêcher d'être un peu déprimée... Nous reprenons notre marche et nous arrivons enfin dans une immense tente d'un rose éclatant. Une dizaine de personne y est réunie et m'observe sous toutes les coutures quand j'y rentre. Peter finit par prendre la parole: \"_ Elle a perdu la mémoire et on ne sait pas comment elle est arrivée ici mais nous devons l'aider.\" Les habitants acquiescent et quelques murmurent étouffés se font entendre. Il reprend la parole en se tournant vers moi. \"_ Je propose qu'on t'appelle Blanche pour l'instant. ça te va?\" A nouveau ce sourire angélique. \"_ D'accord Peter.\" Lily se rapproche de moi et me dis: \"_ Viens avec moi, il te faut des vêtements. Tu dois être affamée et épuisée. Nous verrons le reste demain ok?\" Je hoche la tête et la suit. Quand je sors, une voix grave m'interpelle: \"_ Tu es qui toi?\" Je me retourne et me retrouve à nouveau face à cet homme. Ses yeux bleus me fusillent à nouveau et je m'arrête, surprise et gênée à la fois. Reprenant contenance après plusieurs secondes, je soutient son regard et finis par lui répondre: \"_ Mon nom est Blanche.\" Je fais volte face et suis Lily, jugeant que j'ai déjà assez de problèmes à gérer sans qu'un inconnu viennent en rajouter... A suivre. ","Summary":" Le réveil Le roulis des vague qui s'écrase... Voilà le premier son que j'entend. Étrange... La dern"},{"Movie":"Hackers","Title":"Her Mesmerizing Beauty","Author":"IfOnlyFairytalesWereReal","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4228475","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Authors Note : Hey all, i know my last story was never finished and i deleted it eventually, but i kind of lost interest in my own plot (: this is the same idea but set a bit earlier and as i'm a few years older now, and have a more mature writing style (or so my English teachers tells me) hopefully this story will be better written. Disclaimer : I do not own hackers, Angelina Jolie or Jonny Lee Miller (unfortunately) Chapter One Simple. The most accurate word that comes, almost inadvertently, to mind when taking the time to consider Jonny Lee Millers life in February 1994. Not bad, but not extraordinary either. Fresh out of his parents house (a late bloomer, now at the age of 20) the poor lad had never thought of himself or his life as exciting or even worth a second glance. He'd graduated with average grades, had his share of average looking girlfriends (though none he would particularly enjoy reminiscing on), spent an average amount of time with his smallish group of relatively close friends and never ever under any circumstance took a risk. He found risks to be far too…well, risky. And so you can imagine his jaw dropping, though pleasant, surprise when on a plane to New York City in search of a career in acting a dark haired, slightly insane yet mesmerizingly intriguing young beauty decided it was here perogative to change all of what i've just told you. And in just one year.[Chapter 2] Disclaimer : I do not own hackers, Angelina Jolie or Jonny Lee Miller (unfortunately) Chapter Two He sat, facing the window, squinting his eyes against the glare of mid-morning sun, trying desperately (yet obviously failing) to catch a glimpse of the city he was so near to. Yet, this moment, out of all the other moments Jonny had experienced the fates decided it was appropriate to drop a surprise into his lap. \"Oh shit! God, I am so sorry are you ok?\" was the exclamation that followed a rather heavy rucksack (possibly filled with bricks?) smacking the bleached boy on his left temple. His hand automatically flew to his, now slightly swollen head, and he grimaced in pain, hardly noticing the person standing over him now continuing their efforts to shove the bag into the overhead locker above his seat. Slightly annoyed at this rather rude passenger, Jonny asked himself why on earth they were loading a locker when the plane was a mere 15 minutes from landing. It was then that he decided to confront this person and his eyes flew toward the offending passenger. She was a girl. A petit, slim girl wearing a black tee shirt that was scrawled with the name of a rock band he didn't know. Her belt was also black, but the buckle was of the well known Superman sign and inadvertently Jonny smiled on the inside at her choice of such a belt buckle. Her jeans were a faded grey colour, obviously worn regularly and they fit her legs tight like a second skin. The chair arm restricted his view of her feet but this was irrelevant as his eyes had already wandered up past her rounded breasts and further up toward the polka straight locks of dark brown hair that cascaded down to about mid-chest. This view was then followed by a perfectly proportioned chin, a supple pair of what seemed to be a pair of pretty life boats attached to her real mouth, a daintily pointed nose and some moss green doe eyes that were at this very moment… staring into his own. \"Do you mind if I sit here, the guy at the back kept staring at my tits.\" She was blunt. But he liked it. Don't ask me why. \"Uhh...sure ok. Do you need some help with your bag?\" For a moment, her reply was paused as she seemed to be delighted at the sound of his British accent. However, she did not falter for long and replied shortly after. \"No.\" Slightly rude? \"...thanks, but I got it.\" Appologetic. Her accent on the other hand was most definitly american; californian perhaps? And he liked her. Don't ask me why. For some, unknown reason he seemed to find this self-assured young woman to be rather endearing. She stretched out her body, arms above her head, clasping the rucksack with both hands and shoving it brutally through the stupidly small gap into the locker. As she did so the vintage looking tee shirt wriggled up her abs and exposed a peak of smooth alabaster skin to the interested young man and for some reason the small diamond in her belly button did not surprise him. Nor did the dainty butterfly tattoo that must have been right above her panties surprise him when she lowered herself into the seat next to him, her jeans lowering just enough to intrigue. And He liked her. Don't ask me why. ","Summary":" Authors Note : Hey all, i know my last story was never finished and i deleted it eventually, but i "},{"Movie":"Hackers","Title":"Hack the Planet No More","Author":"L Bunny","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/433721","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Hack The Planet No More\" [Chapter 1 of 2] Kate Libby is now twenty-six years old. She and Dade Murphy married when she was just twenty-two and divorced just one month after she turned twenty-four. They have one child together, a two year old, named Kyle who Kate has full custody over and dad visits on the weekends. Kate's lover, Elizabeth moved in just after Kyle was born and has raised him just as she would her own. \"Liz? Liz honey? I'm home!\" Kate calls as she enters the house after a long and tiring day at work. Kate now works as an FBI agent, working to catch hackers. She rounds the corner and heads for the study where she finds Kyle and Elizabeth. Kyle is sitting on Elizabeth's lap and they are playing some preschool game on the computer. \"Mama!\" he exclaimed as Kate places a kiss on each of their heads. \"Hey Mr. Man!\" She picks him up a tickles him. \"How're doing?\" She asked as he bursts into a fit of giggles. \"How long have you guys been playing on this thing?\" She asks Liz as she puts the little boy down. \"About twenty minutes...\" She trails off because Kate gives her a look. \"But, but, but...as you can see m'love I did get him ready for bed, so it was really only fifteen.\" Elizabeth reasons. \"Yeah, yeah...\" Kate smiles and bends down to Kyle. \"How about you go watch some Elmo?\" She asks. He nods and gives her grin. Kate swings him over her shoulder and heads into the living room. Five minutes later, Elmo can be heard, Kyle is giggling happily and Kate heads back into the study. \"Do you know how much I love you?\" Kate smiles at Elizabeth and wraps her arms around her, giving her a loving kiss. \"C'mon let's make some dinner.\" About an hour later dinner is on the table and Kate sits to join her family. \"So what did you guys do today?\" She asks, feeding herself and then helps to feed Kyle. \"We went to the park and played on the swings and Kyle saw a puppy didn't you Kyle?\" She smiles. \"Puppup!\" Kyle giggles and takes a drink from his sippy cup. \"Then we went home and Ayala came over with Danny so they had a nice little play date.\" Elizabeth says. \"How was your day? Anything exciting?\" \"Mmmhmm...\" Kate says. \"As a matter of fact, we're right on the trail of a new hacker who goes by the alias 'Permanent Deletion' he's hacked into a few banks and online companies so far. What he doesn't know is that we're working with one of his former partners in hacking...Dade.\" \"Dade?\" Elizabeth asks in disbelief. \"You're kidding me. Well, that's a hoot!\" \"Mmmhmm!\" Kate exclaims. \"You hear that, Kyle? Mama and Daddy are gonna catch a bad guy together.\" \"Super man?\" Kyle asks and Elizabeth and Kate burst into laughter. \"Yeah baby, kind of like Super man.\" Kate giggles. \"Cooool!\" Kyle gives Kate and Liz a semi-toothless grin and continues eating. \"So anyway, I might have to work some really late nights.\" Kate sighs. \"Kate!\" Elizabeth exclaims. \"You all ready work really late nights, look at this it's all ready eight thirty and the earliest you've been home in months.\" \"I know! I know! And I'm sorry. I don't like it either but it's my job, you know if I could there would be nothing more then I would want to spend my days with you two.\" Kate says. \"I just wish you weren't such a perfectionist. Then maybe I'd be awake when you got home once in a while.\" Liz says as she picks at her food. \"And I wish you ate more.\" Kate points a finger at her. \"You're getting really skinny.\" \"That's because I'm not really hungry for anything...besides you.\" She gives her a sad smile. \"I love you.\" Kate says, resisting the urge to take her right then. \"I love you too, Kate.\" \"Now eat, and then maybe I'll bring you your dessert...in bed.\" Kate raises her eyebrow playfully. Kate finishes her meal before anyone and puts her plate in the dishwasher. She brings a few cookies broken up and puts them on Kyle's highchair tray. \"Cookie!\" Kyle smiles and Kate wipes the food from his face. He takes a bit of the cookie in his hand and starts to eat under Kate's watchful eye. After Elizabeth puts the last of the plates in the dishwasher she returns to the dining room and sits on Kate's lap. \"Hello Gorgeous.\" She says. Kate kisses the top of her head and pulls a few stray blonde curls back from Liz's face. The phone rings and Liz stands up to get it, but Kate stops her. \"How about you go and read the ankle biter a story and I get the phone?\" \"All right. Come on, Kyle. What story do you want me to read to you today?\" She asks the small boy as she takes him out of the high chair and heads to his room. Kate shakes her head as she smiles. How lucky am I to have those two? She asks herself as she makes her way over to the phone. \"Hello?\" A scratchy voice is at the other end. \"You better get off the Permanent if you want to see your family alive when you get home tomorrow.\" And the line goes dead.[Chapter 2] \"Hack The Planet No More\" [Chapter 2 of 2] She walks in a daze to the bedroom. She knows what she has to do. She will give this up. Her family is everything to her. She wouldn't be here without him. Kate walks into Kyle's room and scoops him up. He will sleep with them tonight. There is no other way. She slides into bed next to Liz. This is what she lives for. \"I love you.\" The girls whisper to each other. Until the end of time. ","Summary":" \"Hack The Planet No More\" [Chapter 1 of 2] Kate Libby is now twenty-six years old. She and Dade M"},{"Movie":"Mask of Zorro Legend of Zorro","Title":"The Alpha and the Omega","Author":"JustAGypsySoul","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9114401","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own Zorro nor any of the recognizable characters, plots, story lines or references. The main plot and idea, however, is mine. A/N: Here we are again, not Addams Family but just as cute a couple. I just couldn't let this one go, so here we are and I hope you enjoy! She knew it was what he had to do; she knew it was a part of him. Somehow, he seemed to connect his brother's death and his life as a younger man with the mask. He was unable to let them go and so it was with Zorro. The people no longer needed him, not really, in a way; he had done his gob too well. Still, waiting up every night, wondering he would come home, Elena could not help but to fear for the life of her husband. She had tried leaving him once, tried repairing the Z etched into her heart, but she had failed. Alejandro had glued their family back together and Joaquin looked up to his father in a way he hadn't for many years. Joaquin was too young to worry about his father's safety, not since he watched Alejandro win a thousand and one times as Zorro. What he didn't know was how many of those times Zorro had come to losing. How many of those times Elena had covered for him saying he was ill while he recovered. But still, she worried so, every time that bell rang her heart beat a little faster and she held her breath to see how many times the metal chimed. She was supportive and she understood why he had to go, but she wanted to lock him up close to her and never let him leave. She was able to put on a brave face but he saw through her, she knew. It was near to one o'clock in the morning now and Elena began to fear the worst, as always when he was gone after midnight. For all she strayed and tried to hide her feelings for this man she could not. She had been enamored from the first time she saw his masked face while she was out riding so many years ago. And then she saw him, he was riding at a full gallop toward the cave. Elena ran from the balcony where she had been waiting for him. She ran through the house to the cave where Alejandro was just coming in. She stopped in the doorway breathing heavily. He took care of his trusty stead and put his cape and mask up, revealing a stark white shirt and a handsome face beneath. When he caught sight of Elena his eyes lit up and her heart skipped a beat, how was it he still had this effect on her after all these years? A dashing smile broke across his lips and she could not keep a similar expression from gracing her features. And then she was in his arms and her mouth was pressed hard against his. They broke apart breathing deeply after a few short minutes. \"I told you not to wait up, Elena,\" Alejandro broke the silence first. \"I couldn't sleep, you know I never can when you go out,\" she said, her eyes were downcast as she recalled her previous thoughts while she was waiting for him to return. \"I know… That is why I have decided to put my mask up for good,\" Alejandro didn't look at her when he said it. Knowing how much this meant to both of them she placed her hand on his cheek and made him look at her. She searched his eyes for any sign that he may be lying to her but all she found there was love and concern. Why he was concerned for her she had no idea… It wasn't like she went out every night to test the fates. \"Alejandro, I know how much this mask means to you… how much you need it. Don't give it up because you are worried about me or Joaquin, we are fine. I worry, yes, but I worry more that you will not be the man I married if you give up Zorro,\" Elena was touched by what Alejandro was giving up for his family. For her. But she also knew that he would not be the same man, knowing that there were plenty of bad men waiting for him to rest. \"I know,\" Alejandro leaned into her touch then, closing his eyes and collecting the pieces of his broken heart, \"But my family means much more to me and I need you more than I need that mask. You proved that to me when you left. I never want to drive you away again,\" It pained her husband to say these things, Elena could see it. \"Alejandro… You can't drive me away. Not ever. I love you; I have only ever loved you. That will never change. It didn't change when we were separate and it won't change now. Joaquin is almost fifteen, on his fifteenth birthday you can start training him if he wishes to follow in your footsteps. When he turns sixteen or when he is ready he can assume the mask of Zorro and then you can retire. The people may not need Zorro now, but they will again. And when they do they will have a younger, more able bodied defender. Alejandro?\" Elena had been speaking of things that had been on her mind for a while. She did not want to give her child up to the life that her husband walked every night but she saw no way to stop him. He was ambitious and wanted the life of Zorro as his own. With what she suspected, what she hoped, was another child on the way she did not want the father of her baby in peril, but she saw no way to prevent it and still provide the people with a savior. But then Alejandro had begun to flinch and droop, he slowly sunk to the ground, clutching his side. When Elena made him remove his hand so she could see the issue she saw his shirt was covered in blood and his hand was as well now. With a cool mind she relieved him of his shirt to review the wound with more definition. It was not very long but it was deep, it looked as though it had just missed his lung. Carefully she lay him on the ground and retrieved the bandages and alcohol from the trunk. She cleaned and dressed his wound with steady and expert hands. He passed out from the pain shortly after she had started. Once his cut was taken care of she went to the trunk again to replace the bandages and oil with some salts to reawaken her unconscious husband. He came to with a jerk and she soothed him into laying back down slowly. She placed the salts back in the trunk and returned to her husband. His eyes closed and he groaned slightly. Now was not the time to discuss such matters as were on her mind so instead she coaxed him to his feet and helped him to their room. There she carefully laid him on their bed and bid him sleep. The world could wait to be saved for at least one night. A/N: Please, please, please review! Thanks for taking your time to read it![Chapter 2] Disclaimer: Again, I own none of the characters, references or other ideas that may belong to the entertainment companies. The plot, however, is mine. A/N: Hi, everybody! I've been writing an awful lot lately, which is why I've got so many stories that have been uploaded or are going to be uploaded soon. (hopefully!) Anyway, here's chapter 2, I hope you like it. Please review! In the morning when he woke she had already sent Joaquin off to school. He was old enough now to walk by himself, but he still needed coaxing in the morning. It was the last year they would take him; he was getting too old for the curriculum they offered. At the end of this year they would offer him higher schooling or the life of Zorro. Or that was the choice Elena was prepared to offer him. She honestly thought that he would pursue the life of Zorro whether they offered it to him or not, and without proper instruction that choice could be extremely fatal. \"Alejandro… don't you think Joaquin should be able to choose his own future?\" Elena began tentatively. Wondering if he had heard anything she had said last night before the pain from his cut had reminded him it was there and caused him to fall unconscious. Alejandro did recall her thoughts on the subject and truth be told he had been thinking the same thing for a long time now. This year when Joaquin finishes his last year of school he will have the option of moving onto a college, but he also has always wanted to be Zorro and he wanted it even more after he figured out that Zorro was his father. \"I think that we should leave it up to him,\" Alejandro admitted. The look of relief washed over Elena's face with an intensity that Alejandro found surprising. \"You were hoping that Joaquin would be Zorro in my place?\" Alejandro asked, not sure if he was relieved as well or if he was angry. \"Yes… and no… I don't want my boy in the peril that you face every day; I don't want to clean him up like I do you so often. But… Alejandro, I am pregnant,\" Elena stopped there, waiting to see what her husband's reaction was. Surprise, happiness and then understanding; understanding so complete that he got up from the bed, ignoring the pain in his side, and held his beautiful wife. \"I don't want this child to grow up without a father… without knowing how much of a hero his father was,\" Elena buried her face in her husband's familiar and comforting chest. Alejandro held her a little tighter, realizing that she had been holding onto this for a couple of weeks at least; wondering how to tell him everything. \"Of course, I am aware of why you would feel that way, Elena… how long have you been struggling with this?\" he asked, while she spoke tears had begun to fall onto her perfect cheeks, he wiped them away with a thumb and then held her close again, stroking her velvety curls. \"Oh, for probably four weeks now…\" She looked up into his face and was confused and surprised and happy to see him smiling. \"What?\" He kissed her full on the mouth then and twirled her around so they both fell onto the bed. \"Oh, nothing,\" he replied. \"No, tell me,\" Elena laughed, curious now. \"Elena, do you have no idea of how beautiful you are?\" Alejandro asked her. Then she blushed and smiled again, looking at him through her eyelashes. Of course she knew, but she always liked it when he told her. He kissed her again and then got up to change his clothes. \"So we can talk to him tonight when he gets home from school, no?\" Elena asked, getting up from the bed as well and walking over to her vanity. She was brushing her hair when she felt his arms around her. \"Of course,\" He whispered seductively into her ear, \"Why don't you and I go out for brunch? I could use a stroll in the market to flaunt my exquisite wife to the world.\" Turning she found her hands resting lightly upon his bare chest, he had neglected to put his shirt on before crossing the room to see her. Well, she was to be corrected, his shirt was on, just not buttoned. She decided to do the task for him, checking his bandages to make sure they were still clean since she had doctored them up this morning while he was still sleeping. \"I would be delighted,\" She answered his question with a smile on her full lips. And so, when they were both dressed and ready, they left off to brunch with a plan for when their young Joaquin came home that evening. A/N: Just a friendly reminder from author to author, again, please review![Chapter 3] Disclaimer: I still do not own Zorro nor do I own any of the characters/ideas that may be recognized as part of the original Zorro movies. The plot is, as always, mine. A/N: Chapter 3! I hope you enjoy it, I don't think it's as long as the others, but I needed to upload something and parts of where chapter 4 will now begin are still rocky. After returning home with their son in tow they all sat down together for a nice family dinner. First they decided to inform Joaquin that he was going to be a big brother. He seemed excited at the news that he was not going to be the only child in the house any longer but it was nothing compared to his joy at the other news. After Alejandro told him that he had the option of becoming Zorro, Joaquin fell out of his chair and on his way back up he almost fell down again. \"I thought your reflexes were better than that, Joaquin, or we never would have even considered giving the mask to you,\" Alejandro was trying and failing miserably to maintain a straight face. Elena didn't even bother; she simply smiled at the men in her life, her husband so strong and caring, and her son, trying so desperately to prove himself to his father. These next few years could be extremely interesting. \"I won't let you down, Papi, I promise,\" Joaquin ran over and hugged both of his parents enthusiastically. \"When are we going to start training?\" \"I think we will start on your birthday and, depending on how well you do, we will decide from there when you will be able to take over,\" Elena could see the conversation pained Alejandro slightly, but she also knew that it would have pained him even more if Joaquin had refused to fulfill his place in the line of Zorros. \"Thank you, Papi, Mum… May I be excused?\" Joaquin seemed impatient to get somewhere. \"Yes, but why, son?\" Alejandro asked. \"Oh… I have some homework I need to catch up on…\" the boy would not look his father in the eye. And then he ran off to his room. \"Joaquin gets more and more like you every day,\" Elena told her husband as the pair enjoyed the evening on the balcony from their bedroom. Alejandro laughed at this, \"I was about to say he resembles you more every time I speak with him.\" The couple was looking out over the landscape when they saw Moonlight and Joaquin racing away from the hacienda. \"Now where would he be going at this late hour?\" Elena wondered, but before she could stop her husband he was already out the door and halfway down the hall to the stables where Tornado stayed. \"Where are you going?\" The question was foolish, since she knew the answer very well. \"To see where Joaquin is going, where else?\" Alejandro did not slow his stride so for Elena to catch up to him she had to run. Her skirts were so long she had to hold them up for fear they would cause her to trip and she would not be able to keep up with her fuming husband. Tired of chasing after him, she gripped his arm, forcing him to look at her. \"I will let you go, but do not do anything foolish. Simply watch. Maybe it is not what you think. Give Joaquin a chance. And be back before he leaves, I don't want him thinking we don't trust him.\" \"I love you, Elena… Don't wait up,\" Alejandro replied, kissing her on the lips before continuing his journey down to the stables. \"Never,\" she whispered, watching him go. Elena quickly went back to the balcony just in time to see Tornado and Alejandro gallop out from the hidden entrance and speed after her son. Joaquin was in good hands, she did not think he would get in trouble, but a mother worries. A/N: As always, please review! I look forward to every email I get from FanFiction and if it is a review chances are it will make my day significantly better. Thank you for your consideration![Chapter 4] Disclaimer: *sigh* As always, I do not own the characters or ideas/references that may lead to whomever owns Zorro. The plot and anything else unrecognizable is mine. A/N: Terribly sorry these are so short, I have a nasty habit of figuring things out just a little bit at a time though. I hope you enjoy my newest installment. Elena tried to stay up but the events of the day had made her weary and she found herself hard pressed to stay on her feet. She had one of the servants bring her a chair out to the balcony but soon enough the night chanced upon her slumping in the chair and finding it hard to keep her eyes open. And then suddenly she felt muscular limbs wrapped around her. She recognized Alejandro by his smell of horses, leather and aftershave. Reaching up she held his hands and rested her head against his hard chest. \"So? How did it go?\" she was curious what Joaquin wanted to do that he couldn't ask his parents about. He had always been a major part of the family and this was the first secret thing she had ever heard of coming from her son. \"He was meeting a girl,\" Elena could hear the smile in Alejandro's voice. But she was puzzled. \"Why couldn't he have just asked us to go see her?\" she wondered aloud, talking more to herself than she was to Alejandro. \"Because it's not just any girl… she is Esmeralda,\" Alejandro was still smiling… but why did that name ring a bell to Elena? She knew it, but she could not place a face to the name. Alejandro sensed her confused and so revived her memory of the child, \"She is the governor's daughter.\" That was when Elena remembered. They had been introduced to her at the governor's party a couple years ago. She had seemed so sheltered and it had reminded Elena of her life before Alejandro when she still believed she was the daughter of Don Rafael. He had never let her do anything without his blessing and she was kept under his thumb the first twenty years of her life. And then they had returned to California and she had seen Zorro and was intrigued from the moment their eyes met. Then her eyes met the same eyes only now they were those of Don Alejandro de la Vega, and she was captivated. She wanted to know him better but he would play two different people and it was terribly confusing for her. But none of that mattered now. The problem, it seemed, was that Joaquin had fallen for a girl much like herself. \"We should go to bed before he returns; he should be coming soon,\" Alejandro whispered, \"If he sees we are on the balcony he may not ride in.\" And alas, for once, her husband was right; she let him help her to her feet and lead her into their bedroom. She changed slowly, deep in thought, and when she had finishing donning her nightgown and her other bed time rituals she slipped beneath the covers and succumbed to sleep within seconds. A/N: Please Review![Chapter 5] Disclaimer: As always, I do not own the characters or ideas/references that may lead to whomever owns Zorro. The plot and anything else unrecognizable is mine. A/N: Sorry it took so long to get this up, it's been really busy since I last posted a chapter. I also apologize in advance for it being so short. The next one will be longer, I promise; I just need to finish typing it up and then it will be close to ready to go. When Elena awoke her husband was nowhere to be found. She was not terribly worried though, she took her time getting ready. Joaquin was also nowhere to be found and Elena decided her son and her husband had gone on a walk together, they would part ways once they entered town; Joaquin off to school and Alejandro off to 'discuss business' as every wealthy Don is expected to do. Elena smiled when she recalled what they actually did and simply shook her head as a servant drew her bath. She took her time in the warm water, soaking until it grew cold. She wasn't really very hungry and she had nothing better to do until Alejandro arrived back home. After her bath she chose her clothing with no particular care and wandered over to her vanity. She was brushing the tangles out of her damp hair when she felt his presence enter the room. Elena placed her brush on the table and turned to see her husband's gleaming face. \"What are you so happy about this morning?\" Elena asked teasingly. Alejandro simply danced her around the room and bowed her into a dip with a kiss that left her head spinning. She was laughing when he finally let her up, finding his joy contagious. \" We've been invited to Esmeralda's birthday party and we are highly encouraged to bring Joaquin since the governor is looking for acceptable suitors for his daughter,\" Alejandro finally spilled the news and Elena had a reason for the extreme happiness she was feeling. \"And that would mean our boy is among the suitors he is considering for his daughter… when is the party?\" Elena was wondering if her son had a decent suit that would fit. He was growing so much these days it was hard enough to keep simply clothes on his back, much less formal wear. A/N: Again, terribly sorry it took so long and that it was so short. The next chapter will hopefully be ready soon and it will definitely be a little longer to say the least. I hope you enjoyed it, even in it's brevity and I do so hope you will review on my current progress.[Chapter 6] Disclaimer: As always, I do not own the characters or ideas/references that may lead to whomever owns Zorro. The plot and anything else unrecognizable is mine. A/N: Sorry it's taken so long, I've been really busy lately and just haven't had the time to upload this next chapter. I hope you enjoy it! *One Month Later* Elena put the finishing touches on her face and double checked her hair. She was fussing with her dress for the thousandth time when Alejandro startled her by speaking, \"You look beautiful, stop worrying,\" he told her. \"The dress won't sit properly!\" she sighed, exasperated. \"I told you, you look ravishing,\" he said again, this time kissing her bare shoulder. She noticed his tie was not straight and so turned in his arms to straighten it for him. He smiled at her, \"What?\" she asked. \"It's going to be fine,\" Alejandro skipped straight to what she was actually stressing about, \"The governor and his wife are going to love our Joaquin.\" \"But what if they don't, or what if Esmeralda finds another young man she fancies more than our boy?\" Elena fretted. \"Hey, hey, hey, calm down. It will all be fine, I promise,\" Alejandro told her, holding her close to stop her fidgeting with his clothes. Joaquin came in just then and they turned to him as one. \"How do I look, Mum?\" He asked, clearly a little nervous as well. \"You're a real heartbreaker, Joaquin… but your bow…\" she walked swiftly to her son and adjusted his bow so it sat properly under his chin. \"There, handsome as your father,\" she told him with a smile, dusting off his shoulders. \"I hope I don't look near as old as him,\" Joaquin joked with a lopsided grin. Alejandro gave his son a stern look and took him by the shoulder, \"I look pretty good for my age I like to think,\" he told his offspring. \"Uh, oh, Mum, he's thinking again,\" Joaquin laughed and Elena joined him then. Alejandro just gave up and made for the stables. Joaquin and Elena were left to follow him, trying to maintain a semi straight face. But, alas, halfway down the hall Alejandro stopped and waited for his wife who took his offered arm when she reached him. Joaquin was left to trail behind alone. Not that he cared much, he was accustomed to it by now, it gave him time to think about what he would say to Esmeralda's parents. He hoped he would leave a good impression on them and that they would approve of their daughter's choice, even if they didn't realize it at the time they met him. And it was this stage of deep thinking that his mind remained in throughout the entire walk to the stables and the ride to the governor's mansion. His parents were content to leave him in his world while they shared light, friendly banter back and forth the whole way. Joaquin followed politely as his parents checked in at the door and as they were making their way farther into the room Joaquin caught sight of her. She was sitting with her parents at the head of the table and as he looked at her their eyes met and a charming blush crept across her cheeks; she looked away. Joaquin felt that lopsided grin on his mouth and he couldn't seem to wipe it off. He tried not to stare at her rich curls or the way they framed her perfect face, creating an ebony picture frame. He found himself sneaking glances at her emerald gaze, when her eyes met his he found it terribly hard to breathe, but when that blush crawled across her face a smile exploded across his own. Alejandro caught his son playing eye games with the governor's daughter and tried not to smile. He collected his wife and son and went up to the governor to introduce his family. They had arrived early enough that the line wasn't too awfully long and they were soon face to face with the governor's own family. \"Ah, Don Alejandro de la Vega, if I remember correctly?\" the governor asked in a hearty tone. \"You would not be mistaken, Senior, and this is my lovely wife, Elena,\" he introduced his spouse first, as is it was always proper to attend to the ladies and the elders before all else. Elena curtsied and offered her hand with a smile; the governor took it and placed a delicate kiss upon her knuckles before releasing her fingers from his own. \"And my son, Joaquin,\" Alejandro brought forth his son to be seen by the man. Joaquin bowed respectfully to his superior. \"What a fine looking family you've got there de la Vega…. Say, would you mind taking Esmeralda for a dance, Joaquin? She seems inclined to deny every man's offer tonight!\" the governor laughed. Esmeralda blushed, \"I simply haven't been in the mood for dance, Papa,\" she retorted, looking at Joaquin through her eyelashes. \"I would be delighted to dance with the seniorita, if she be willing,\" Joaquin politely responded. Esmeralda's father gave her a pointed look and with a laugh she accepted Joaquin's outstretched hand and they proceeded to the dance floor. A/N: Feel free to review! the advice is always helpful![Chapter 7] Disclaimer: As always, I do not own the characters or ideas/references that may lead to whomever owns Zorro. The plot and anything else unrecognizable is mine. A/N: Sorry, it's taking so long to finish this story, when I started it I never imagined it would go this far, but thing after thing keeps popping up and I can't help myself. So please stay with me, you've hung in there this long, why stop now, right? Enjoy! The four adults watched the young couple leave and then the governor's wife spoke for the first time that evening, \"You have a very fine looking boy… you should be proud,\" she said, with a smile thrown Elena's way, a mother to mother comment. \"Thank you, we tried to raise him properly, but boys will be boys,\" Elena replied with a smile to match. The wife nodded her head in an understanding manner. \"I would so like it if you joined us at our table, de la Vega,\" the governor commented, \"It seems your son is the first boy all evening my daughter has met and shown any interest at all towards. Shortly after you walked in she was impossible to get any sort of small talk out of, she was so distracted. And the entire time you were introducing your lovely wife she paid no attention to anyone but Joaquin.\" \"Alejandro, por favor, and we would be delighted to dine with you at your table, and I do hope you will forgive my son for capturing your daughter's attention. He was just as distracted since we walked in the door. I had to pull him out of the way of more than one waiter,\" Alejandro joked with the governor as he pulled a chair out for Elena and then seated himself next to her at the reserved table. Governor Humberto turned to Alejandro after he and his wife had gotten settled, \"So, Don Alejandro, how is your business going? Has anything interesting happened recently?\" and so the two men got into a conversation about business and politics, leaving Elena and the governor's wife, Isabel, to keep each other company. For a while, neither woman spoke, instead they were content to watch their children waltz across the floor, \"They do make a magnificent couple, do they not?\" Isabel drew Elena out of her own mind. She had been worrying as only a mother could. She hoped Joaquin would not get nervous in trying to impress Humberto and Isabel that he forgot everything Elena had taught him in manners and etiquette. She was not worried about his dance, he had always been a graceful dancer and he seemed extremely comfortable with Esmeralda, therefor she had faith that he would not falter and make a fool of himself there. But on the side of charm and formality, he seemed to be lacking profoundly in his homeward lessons. Elena only hoped that her son would not forget what she had taught him when it came time to eat dinner. Elena looked at Isabel with a smile, \"They do seem to get along sufficiently, and they are extremely pleasant to behold, if that's what you are implying to.\" Isabel beamed at Elena, \"It was indeed what I was alluding to.\" The companions lapsed into silence for a moment as they continued watched Joaquin and Esmeralda dance. A server came around and offered wine to the new guests at the governor's table and Elena nodded her consent. After the waiter had filled her glass she took a small sip as the governor's wife asked her another question, \"Do you read often, Mrs. De la Vega?\" Elena swallowed her drink and replied, \"Elena, please, and, no, I would not say often. On occasion I find a book that interests me, but more often than not I tend to get bored with novels. I am, however, quite fond of poetry.\" \"Oh?\" Isabel asked, but, nevertheless, she never completed portraying her thought to Elena, for the waltz that was currently playing stopped and the band struck up a salsa in its place. Joaquin and Esmeralda moved to their starting positions and began the dance rather basically but it quickly escalated to a point of intimacy that was all too familiar with Elena. She watched as the dance floor cleared and people stopped to stare at the young couple lost in a world of their own. They were so passionate in their steps that Elena couldn't help but think of Alejandro and their first dance together, so many years ago at a party much like this. Cunningly she glanced at her husband and found him looking at her as well, they shared a knowing smile and continued to watch their son and the governor's daughter as they flew through the movements of the dance, improvising when they could to make it more interesting. He was twirling her now as the song came very near to the end and when the final chord struck it found its entertainers breathing heavily. Joaquin had ended the dance with a flourish and a dip that he was just letting his partner up from, the movement brought their faces very close to each other and they stayed like that for a moment until an applause broke out for their performance. They then shared a smile and took a bow together before exiting the floor and making their way back up to the reserved seating where their parents were waiting. The night continued with conversation and dinner and more dancing. After dinner the host and hostess ushered everyone at their table back out onto the dance floor. The three couples took up positions along the marble as the band struck up a tango and the movements began. After the dance there was a lull where the musicians asked to take requests and Alejandro went up. He said something soft that Elena could not hear and returned to her with a broad smile. \"What?\" she asked, curious as to what his plans were. \"You will see, Princess,\" was all he replied, grabbing her hand and moving her to the middle of the floor. The band struck up a salsa that was as familiar to her as her husband himself and then she knew, she couldn't contain her joy and it was obvious on her face. The world melted away and all that remained was she and him and the music that filled the air. They fell into each other's eyes and it was like the first time they danced together. It was passionate and almost crazy in the lust of their movements. Her dress would billow around them and her hair came out of her up-do but she didn't care. By the time the song came to an end the couple was breathing hard and everybody else had stopped dancing to stare. Somebody started to clap and the sound was echoed somewhere around the room and then suddenly it was everywhere and the people sitting down were standing up to applaud but Elena and Alejandro were oblivious. They were looking at each other like it was the first time they had seen the other since the first night they danced in such a similar fashion. A slow smile crept across Elena's face and an identical grin crawled across Alejandro's. Joaquin watched his parents and wished that someday him and Esmeralda would be able to do that without realizing that they already did. \"I hope someday we'll be as happy as your parents,\" Esmeralda whispered to Joaquin, drawing his attention back to her and away from his parent's own little world. He found that when his eyes met hers he no longer cared about how his parents felt about each other, only how much he cared about this beautiful girl beside him. \"They weren't always this happy,\" he stopped, thinking, and realized it was because they had been through hard times and come out victorious and with their relationship still intact that they were so happy together. \"But I have to disagree with you about someday,\" he added, smiling down at Esmeralda, \"Because I find that so far I am perfectly happy every time I am with you and I can never imagine wanting anything more.\" The girl's charming blush slid up onto her cheeks and Joaquin was reminded of his mother when his father paid her a comment similar to the one he had just paid Esmeralda. Yes , he decided silently as he joined in on the clapping, I hope that when we have been married for as long as my parents we are as happy as they are now. The night continued with nothing out of the ordinary. The de la Vegas danced and socialized into the early hours of the morning, the governor and his family was a constant guide throughout the evening. Engaging Joaquin in conversation often and entertaining his parents and their other guests when they weren't. Eventually Alejandro rounded up his wife and son and led them home, realizing that they were the last to leave the party. As they were leaving he extended an invitation to the governor and his family to come dine with the de la Vega's in three weeks' time to celebrate Joaquin turning fifteen years old. The ride home was a quiet one and once they reached their hacienda Joaquin took care of Moonlight and then went straight up to bed. Elena took her time grooming and feeding Shadow, her old mare. Alejandro stayed down in the stables with her, spending extra time in his care of Tornado and keeping a close eye on his wife. Well aware of the time she had left until his new child came, Alejandro didn't want her to over exert herself, even though it was still a ways away. When he decided she had spent enough time with her horse he gently coaxed her up the stairs and into the bedroom they shared. By now it was well after three and he could tell she was exhausted, so he helped her into her night gown and carefully laid her on her side of the bed as she was closing her eyes and falling asleep. Alejandro smiled to himself at the stubbornness of his wife as he readied himself for sleep as well and curled up next to his wife. Once his head hit the pillow he, too, fell into a deep sleep where Joaquin was grown and married and had taken on the life of Zorro and Alejandro was free to live out the rest if his days as an old man with his wife and raise his second son to be the man his first son had become. A/N: As always, I love reviews . So feel free to comment and critique.[Chapter 8] Disclaimer: As always, I do not own the characters or ideas/references that may lead to whomever owns Zorro. The plot and anything else unrecognizable is mine. A/N: I am sooo sorry that it has taken me so long to post! I've been so busy with picking colleges and working on scholarships and keeping up with current schoolwork that I have found very little time to write about my own personal, non-school, projects! I do hope that this will satisfy you guys, at least for a little longer until I can make more progress. I apologize in advance for any mistakes you may find, I haven't been able to do my usual ritual as far as proof reading and prepping and perfecting goes. Again, I am so sorry and I hope this will make waiting worth it... though I am doubtful because I have to work up to the important stuff, which means putting a little fluff and prep in between! Please, enjoy! Alejandro woke on the day of Joaquin's birthday alone. For a moment he wondered where his wife was but then he heard her commanding voice giving orders to the servants around the house. Quickly the man got out of bed and found some clothes, he was buttoning his shirt when he entered the kitchen to reveal the rest of his family. Joaquin was scarfing down eggs like he had never eaten a day in his life and Elena was gliding through the room and around the house giving orders left and right. \"I want those flowers in the foyer, they should be a lovely welcome sight for Governor Hubierto and Isabel,\" she commanded, stopping when she saw her husband had woken, \"I thought you would sleep the entire day, I was almost worried I would have to wake you so you wouldn't miss dinner.\" Her words may have seemed tart, but Alejandro could hear the affection dripping from every word and saw the loving smile playing at the corners of her lips, he knew she didn't really mean most of what she said. She swooped in on him with an elegant flourish, placing a simple kiss upon his cheek. He wouldn't let her leave with such a plain greeting. Catching her hand as she was about to fly away, Alejandro spun her to him, her hands rested gently upon his exposed skin where the fabric of his shirt had shifted, causing his flesh to blaze with desire at the nearness of his lovely wife. He kissed her full red lips, tasting her deliciousness - but it wasn't a passionate kiss, laced with lust; it was a calm, comforting greeting, like the lighting of doves on a bridge. Alejandro felt that before it had truly begun it had already ended and Elena was free from his grasp, looking back at him adoringly but resuming her orders none the less. With a sigh, Alejandro made his way to the table, lowering himself to the chair at the top. When his wife entered the room again, following some servants carrying a blooming plant and a glass coffee table, Alejandro motioned to his son and said, \"It is really so late? Joaquin's only just eating breakfast!\" Joaquin was inhaling his food at the speed of light. The only motions he made other than moving his fork from his plate to his mouth was to give his father a cheesy grin at the mention of his appetite. \"That is his third breakfast today, he's growing again and I swear he will eat us out house and home,\" Elena replied briskly as she followed the group out of the room again. Alejandro fought back his smile, remembering how much he ate when he was Joaquin's age, he and his brother were always finding ways to get more food, they could never get enough. The man got out of his chair and wandered into the kitchen, checking the pan that was supposed to hold the eggs, he wasn't hopeful and when he looked inside he saw what he had expected: Joaquin had eaten all of them. So instead he grabbed a red apple from the fruit bowl and found his way back to his chair. \"Papi?\" Joaquin began slowly, \"will you take me into town?\" The boy had stopped shoveling food like he ate and playing with the yellow eggs like he had suddenly lost his appetite. \"Why can't you go by yourself? You're certainly old enough,\" Alejandro replied slightly confused as he took a bite of his breakfast. Joaquin sighed, exasperated, he didn't want to explain why, \"I'd like to…\" Alejandro couldn't quite catch the remainder of what his son had said and his face told it all. Sighing again, Joaquin looked at his father as if to ask why he was putting him through such torture, then he said, \"I'd like to buy Esmeralda a gift…\" he trailed off, angry that his father was making him explain everything, \"And I want your help picking it out.\" \"Well, why do you want my help? Why not your mother, she knows women much better than I.\" Alejandro didn't know what else to say, he certainly didn't feel qualified for the task. Joaquin sighed yet again, this time Alejandro wasn't quite able to interpret the action. The boy studied his father, wondering if he really didn't know and then decided to explain, \"I've seen the way Mum looks after you've given her something special. I want to know how you do it.\" Alejandro was speechless. He knew Elena liked it when he gave her things, whether they were big or small, precious or not, but he didn't know how to teach that to his son. He didn't know how to explain that it was easy for him to find presents for his wife because he knew her so well and he knew what she liked and disliked. \"Joaquin,\" he began, and then cut himself off at the hopeful look on his son's face, \"of course I will come to town with you to pick out a present.\" Joaquin absolutely glowed with pleasure. \"Thank you, Papi!\" he exclaimed before leaping out of his chair and rushing off to his room, probably to get money. Alejandro shook his head and watched him leave, affection welling up inside him as he watched his boy. A/N: Please review! Especially if you find errors, like I said, I didn't get to proof read like I normally do, so I would like to know how bad it is. Thank you for being so patient and reading this story, I appreciate the time you have put into waiting for it and I hope it hasn't disappointed yet. Again, please review![Chapter 9] p style=\"text-align: center;\"strongemA/N: I do intend on finishing this story, however, my inspiration has currently flown. So for now I am so, so, so sorry, but consider this story ABANDONED until further notice. :/ I'm sorry. Life sucks and has gotten in the way of my story lines and writing and I sincerely apologize for that./em/strong/p ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own Zorro nor any of the recognizable characters, plots, story lines or referen"},{"Movie":"Honey I shrunk the kids","Title":"Life After Honey","Author":"Penny Goodman","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8872944","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Some Things Inventions Just Can't Fix I don't any rights to the movie or the characters. It all belongs to Disney Pictures. Audrina was sitting on the floor of the closet in her dorm furiously throwing clothes every which way in a desperate attempt to find that turquoise dress she loved so much. She had remembered sticking it behind a pink blouse with flowers on it and in front of one of those hologram T-Shirts the day before; however despite her precise placing of the dress it still had managed to disappear. Just as she was about to fling another pair of shorts onto the wardrobe infested floor, Audrina suddenly stopped realizing that she already knew the answer that would crack the case. She decided not to say anything to her roommate. Despite the fact that she had her heart set on wearing it, Audrina was more than alright with wearing something else. She was just so happy that Amy had finally decided to get out of the dorm and face society again. With that in mind she walked over to where Amy was getting ready to see how she was doing. The only progress Amy had made was putting on the turquoise dress. She was moving very slowly curling her hair, and her blotchy skin and red eyes communicated to Audrina that Amy had not even attempted putting on any make up. On top of that she had been crying. It broke Audrina's heart to see how much pain Amy had been in over the last two months. When she wasn't sleeping Amy either stared blankly at the television set or sobbed to her mother, Diane on the phone. Eating was also more of a chore than a pleasure. In addition all of Audrina's efforts to get Amy to go do something with her had failed miserably, until now. Despite how sad she still looked, Amy agreeing to girls' night was progress. Audrina approached her gently. \"Amy? Umm I have some new colors of eye shadow that I bought two days ago. I think they would look really pretty on you. Want to try them?\" Amy shook her head slowly. Audrina tried again. \"Your hair is looking really pretty! The dress looks great on you too!\" \"Thanks. I'm sorry I'm taking so long…\" \"No no! Don't be sorry! We've got all the time in the world! Besides Patty won't be here for another twenty minutes, and when she does get here she will probably want to do something different with her hair anyway. You know how she is! Well of course you know how she is; you two have been best friends your whole lives!\" While Amy and Audrina had only known each other since becoming dorm mates they quickly became best friends too. They hit it off right away discovering they had a lot in common. They were both from Fresno, both gymnasts, both the oldest child in their families' and both nursing majors. Something else Amy and Audrina had in common was that they both loved the mall, and they would spend many hours there. The two of them would also talk till all hours of the night about everything as well as stay up late watching movies after baking a huge batch of cookies. Through Amy Audrina met Patty, Amy's best friend from school, and the two of them also hit it off immediately. In addition Audrina introduced Amy and Patty to her best friend from school Charlotte, and once gain everyone took an instant liking to each other. Charlotte was also going out with everyone tonight, but since she had to work late she was going to meet everyone at the pizza place. A few moments later there was a knock at the door. \"That's probably Patty. I'll get it.\" Sure enough Audrina was right. \"Hey girl, come on in!\" \"Thanks! Oh my gosh Audrina! I love your skirt! That is the cutest thing ever!\" \"Thanks Patty! I love your dress, and when I say I love it I mean I really, really love it!\" Both girls were thinking the exact same thing. \"Wanna wear my dress, and I'll wear your skirt and blouse?\" \"Patty consider it done!\" \"Great!\" Patty took on a more solemn approach with the next part of the conversation. \"How is she?\" \"She's still in the bathroom getting ready. As far as mood and emotions go there is no improvement, but she is going out.\" \"That's true. One step at a time.\" For a moment both girls stood in silence. \"I still can't believe this happened Audrina. I never thought it would. No one ever thought it would.\" The anger Audrina felt the night it happened washed over her. \"I swear if Russ Thompson were standing in front of me right now I would knock him across the room, just like Mrs. Szalinski did to that skeezy scientist in Las Vegas.\" Patty was upset with Russ, but unlike Audrina she wasn't angry at him. She had known Russ longer than Audrina had, and she had seen what a great guy he was. Audrina on the other hand had not. \"I swear I don't know what got into him. He started acting differently after Mr. Szalinski turned Adam into a giant and their family became known all over the world. It was like he was threatened by all of that attention.\" \"Nice guys don't just start treating their girlfriends like crap over one little thing or in this case one big thing. No pun intended. If you ask me I think the problems started last year when Amy told Russ that her family was moving to Nevada. Think about it Patty. They had lived next door to one another, so Russ could keep track of her every move from the comfort of his own home. However with her being fourteen hours away it would be impossible to. That drove him crazy, and he could no longer hide the fact that he was a jealous psycho from Amy!\" \"Audrina I know that Russ hasn't made the best impression with you, but I promise you he is not one of those guys.\" Audrina scoffed in disbelief. \"Are you kidding me!? You and Amy told me that he once watched her dance around in her kitchen through the window outside!\" Patty couldn't help but laugh just a little. \"Trust me girl that was an entirely different situation!\" Patty, along with Russ's best friend Steven, were the only ones who knew about Mr. Szalinski shrinking Amy, Russ and their brothers, Nick and Ron. \"Well, different situation or not, it still proves that Russ is possessive.\" Patty thought about what to say next. \"You know Amy had always been boy crazy, always talking about having crushes on different guys at our school and how great they were, but when she started liking Russ I saw something different in her. When Amy spoke about him she lit up in a way she never had before, and when they were together well, I had never seen Amy look so happy in my entire life. Amy and Russ were together for three years. They were the couple everyone in our school wanted to be. They were even voted prom king and queen our senior year. Amy even chose to go to college here just so she could be near Russ. Those two were so in love. Nobody ever thought they would break up.\" \"Hey Patty.\" Both girls looked up to see Amy peering in the bathroom doorway. They had no idea how long she had been standing there, and both crossed their fingers that she had not heard the conversation that had just taken place. Patty quickly regrouped and ran over to give her best friend a great big hug. \"Amy! You look great!\" \"You sure do!\" Audrina chimed in. Amy smiled for only an instant. \"Thanks guys. So do the both of you. Audrina I changed my mind and decided to try your eye shadow.\" \"And may I say it looks quite lovely on you!\" For a moment Amy forgot about how sad she was feeling. She was blessed to have such great friends. \"Well Amy we are almost ready. You see Audrina and I decided that we liked what the other one was wearing much better, so we are going to exchange outfits real fast, and then we're outta here!\" At this Amy couldn't help but laugh just a little, and both girls took notice of it. This too was progress. However their optimistic outlooks quickly faded when Amy's smile morphed into sadness. \"You know what you guys? Maybe you had better go without me. I'm really sorry to do this now.\" Her voice got shakier with every word. Audrina and Patty looked at each other for a moment. Then Patty spoke. \"Amy is everything alright?\" \"It's just, just,\" Overwhelmed with emotion Amy broke down. \"What if he's there? I just can't see him. I can't!\" As if on autopilot Audrina and Patty threw their arms around Amy, comforting her as much as possible and reassuring her that Russ would not be at the pizza place. After calming Amy down and getting her some water, Audrina and Patty quickly exchanged outfits. A few moments later all three girls were out the door. Audrina and Patty chatted excitedly the whole way there about what a great time girls' night was going to be hoping it would get Amy excited as well. Not wanting to be the gloom of doom all night, Amy did her best to get in a cheery mood. Even if it took everything she had, Amy was going to make herself have a good time with her friends tonight. She was not going to focus on Russ Thompson. She just wanted to forget the last three years. Now just bear with me. I know where I'm going with this story. Comments and feedback are always welcome, and thanks for reading![Chapter 2] I don't own the rights to this film. That belongs to Walt Disney Pictures. \"Dude, you're always looking for something to fix on your truck. It's fine man, now let's go.\" Steven had been Russ's best friend since kindergarten, and he knew everything about him and vice versa. \"Just give me another minute, and we'll go.\" \"Yeah Russ I believe that's what you said about twenty minutes ago. Come on bro all the pizzas are gonna be gone by the time we get there.\" \"It's a restaurant. They never run out.\" The emptiness of Steven's stomach was beginning to get to him. He needed sustenance and fast. \"Hey look dude do you think your mom can fix me one of her gourmet meals since we obviously aren't leaving anytime soon?\" \"Just give me a second Steven. We'll go.\" Both Russ and Steven knew very well that Russ was just stalling. He hadn't been out in two months, not since he and Amy had broken up. It had been a messy break up. Russ had lost his temper, and he said some hurtful things to Amy, things that he never meant but now had been said, and he could never take back. He was so angry at her that for one terrible instant he had lost sight of how much she meant to him. He ruined everything they had. He would never forgive himself for that. Steven knew Russ was still in a lot of pain, and while he had success at getting Russ to go to friend's houses as well as his older brother Mikey's, a regular hangout for all of them for years, he had zero success when it came to getting Russ to show his face in public. He knew the main reason was because Russ was afraid he would run into Amy and either see her with another guy or see her and she ignore him like he never existed. Russ knew he needed to stop procrastinating and face the inevitable. After much begging and pleading on Steven's part he had finally agreed to go with him, their other best friend Benny, Mikey and his wife Peggy for pizza. Russ knew he couldn't hide underneath automobiles forever. For the last two months he had completely devoted his time to not only fixing his own truck but also making repairs on his friends' cars, all of this on top of putting in extra hours at the shop each day. Russ had loved working on cars ever since his junior year of high school when he took a course as one of his electives. It was then that Russ discovered he was really good at it, and he excelled in his class. Russ loved it so much that he would spend hours in his front yard working on his family's cars. Usually Amy would sit out there with him and keep him company. She never got bored or complained about how long it took. Sometimes she would even get under the car with him and watch what he was doing and hand him tools that he needed. They also did quite a bit of making out while underneath there. Eventually he went from repairing cars to restoring old ones. The first car Russ ever restored was for Mr. Langham, a neighbor who lived a few houses down. Mr. Langham was a gentleman in his late fifties who had lived on Sycamore pretty much his whole adult life. He also had a 57' Chevy that he cherished greatly. He had bought it when they first came out, and he vowed he would never get rid of it no matter what. Since it was an old car it did need a lot of upkeep. Mr. Langham however was hesitant to bring it into a shop. He didn't know what kind of people worked there, and who knew if they would mess up something on the car? He couldn't take that chance. No stranger was messing with his Chevy! It was when explaining this dilemma to Big Russ Thompson that he had suggested letting his son Russell take a stab at it. Though Russ had never restored a car, Big Russ had faith that his son could do it. Mr. Langham remembered frequently seeing Russ working on family vehicles in his front yard for hours at a time, and he also knew that Russ was a nice kid that he could trust. Russ worked on the car every day after school and on the weekends. When she wasn't going to gymnastics or the mall with her friends, Amy always came along. When Russ finally finished, the 57' Chevy looked identical to the way it did on the lot when Mr. Langham purchased it. He was so impressed that he gave Russ $200 bucks for his hard work. Russ was overjoyed and knew exactly what he would do with the money. He had never forgotten the sense of pride and achievement he had felt that day, and he also remembered how proud Amy had been of him. Since Russ was not really big on school and his grades reflected that, he didn't go to college. Instead he chose to do an apprenticeship so that he could become a mechanic. He knew he would not only be doing something he loved for a living but also something he was good at. Russ had definitely found his \"thing.\" \"Ruuusssss! The tires on your truck are starting to look like giant pepperonis, and I think I'm about to eat them. Can we go now plueaazzeee?\" \"Okay man. Let's go.\" Steven couldn't believe his ears. \"Russ did I ever tell you you're the bestest friend ever?\" Russ couldn't help but laugh a little bit. \"Yeah pal you did.\" Steven wasn't really annoyed with Russ for taking so long. He had been just messing with him of course, and Russ knew that. He was glad to see Russ making an effort. Going out for pizza was a far cry from where Russ stood a couple of months ago. Steven would never forget how messed up Russ looked when told him about the break up. He was at his brother Mikey's house playing a video game when there was a frantic knock at the door. When Steven answered Russ came running in and began pacing around the room in complete panic mode. He had never seen Russ like this before, and it worried him. \"I didn't mean what I said. Why did I say that? What's wrong with me? Amy's right! I am a monster!\" \"Russ. Dude. Calm down! What happened? Did you guys have a fight?\" \"She'll never take me back now! She deserves so much better than me! I can't believe I said that! I hate myself!\" \"Russ, just sit down and tell me what happened. It's okay man. You guys will get through it.\" Russ stopped and looked at him. \"No we won't. We broke up.\" There was no possible way Steven could have heard what he heard. \"What!?\" \"We were both yelling at each other, so I'm not sure who said it first, but we did.\" Steven never thought in a million years Russ and Amy would call it quits. As he was processing this new information Russ began pacing around again. \"I love her. I can't live without her. Maybe I can make this right!\" Russ raced over to the phone and dialed Amy's number at her dorm. Not to his surprise the answering machine picked up. \"Amy, I'm sorry! I didn't mean it! I don't want this to be the end of us! We can work this out! I know we can! I'm so sorry I hurt you! Please pick up! Amy I love you!\" Russ pleaded for her to pick up the phone so they could work things out for a few more moments before finally giving in and hanging up. He wanted to cry, but he wasn't about to do that in front of Steven. \"Russ I'm so sorry man. I know that Amy still loves you though. You were both just angry. People always say things they don't mean when they're angry. Give her a few days. She'll talk to you.\" Unfortunately Steven was wrong. \"Are we taking your car or mine?\" Steven's thoughts were broken by the sound of Russ's voice. \"We can take mine. I don't want all your hard work on my engine to go to waste.\" Russ was more than appreciative of Steven's support and efforts to cheer him up. When he thought about it, Russ wasn't sure if he would have gotten through the last two months if it hadn't been for him. A few moments later the two of them set out to meet their friends for some pizza. Russ was grateful to Steven for driving, because he didn't want to have to concentrate on that. He just wanted to focus on his thoughts about Amy, the three years they'd had together and the break up. How could something that started off so wonderful end so badly, and why did he allow that to happen?[Chapter 3] I don't own the rights to this movie. That is owned by Walt Disney Pictures. That weekend had been one that Nick, Ron, Russ and Amy would never forget. What started out as any ordinary Saturday, with plans of going fishing and going to the mall, turned into an unexpected backyard adventure that the four of them could never have foreseen. What also could not be predicted by the kids, or even their parents, was that both families would suddenly go from being adversaries to friends. Each one of them had their own special memories that they would take away of their shrunken adventure. For Nick it would be a little bit of everything. Aside from the fact that he got snatched by a bee, sucked up by a lawnmower and almost eaten by his father in a Cheerio bowel, the whole shrinking experience had opened a whole new world of adventure and exploration to him. For a budding scientist, it was a dream come true. Ron didn't even have to think twice about what his favorite part of the whole experience was. That was easy. It was meeting and befriending Anty. After being restored to regular size he decided that he wanted to do his part to help ants everywhere by getting an ant farm. His mother Mae wasn't quite sold on the idea yet, but he was working on her. For Russ and Amy it was finding each other. Russ never thought in a million years that he would ever get close to Amy Szalinski. She was one of the popular girls at school: a cheerleader, class secretary the whole nine yards. He on the other hand was not popular at all. He wouldn't classify himself as a nerd but rather ordinary. He did play football for a while, but most of his time was spent being benched, and he couldn't stand the arrogant jocks that were his teammates. As a matter of fact the only real friend he had on the team was Steven, who unlike Russ, was actually really good. Steven thought the other guys were a bunch of jerk offs too though. Some people in their school who did not share their mutual opinion were Amy and all of her friends. As far as those girls were concerned they were easy on the eyes and definitely the types of guys you wanted to have ask you out. Russ knew the unwritten rules of high school: popular girls only date popular guys. Even though he had known Amy since they were little he didn't start developing feelings for her until about eighth grade. He's wasn't sure how it happened. He just looked at her one day, and something clicked in him. Maybe it was her smile, her blonde hair or the confidence she eluded. Whatever it was he found himself wanting to look at her all the time. Whenever he saw her he just couldn't take his eyes off of her. She was so beautiful. When he was at home he found himself thinking about her, and the fact that she lived right next door didn't help matters either. It was both a blessing and a curse. It was a blessing, because he had more opportunities to see her than their other classmates, but simultaneously it was a curse, because it was like fate was teasing him. She was right there yet so far away. Ninth grade however dealt him another lucky hand when he and Amy were placed in the same English class. What was even better was the alphabetical seating arrangement that placed her sitting right in front of him, and to top it off she even spoke to him on two different occasions that year. Once was to ask him to vote for her for class officer, and the other time was to ask him to vote for her for cheerleader. Russ knew that he would never have a shot at dating Amy, so he was grateful for any chance he had to be near her or interact with her. He knew this was all he could ever hope for, and Russ figured that his crush on Amy would dissipate after they graduated from high school and went their separate ways. Amy first met Russ Thompson when her family moved to Sycamore Street. Diane was pregnant with Nick, and they needed a bigger house for their growing family. Amy was five at the time and would be starting kindergarten that fall. Diane was surprised when she discovered that her next door neighbor was Mae Cassidy from high school, who was now Mae Thompson. Amy vaguely remembered her mother and Mae visiting in the front yard and Mae trying to introduce a little boy to them who kept hiding behind her. This shy kid was none other than Russ Thompson. Russ eventually came out to say hello and then quickly ran behind his mother again. He only remerged briefly to introduce his baby brother Ronnie whom Mae was holding. Russ and Amy ended up being in the same kindergarten class that year, and even though they visited in class sometimes and went to each other's birthday parties during the early years they never really moved past the friendly acquaintance stage. Fast forward a few years later, and they were pretty much strangers. She was popular, and she only associated with people who were popular like her. He was not popular at all, and she always saw him looking at her which she thought was creepy. Sometimes she wondered if she should tell him that his efforts to look away quickly when she caught him were unsuccessful. Amy never thought much of Russ Thompson except as that quiet kid that went to school with her and lived next door. Then there was that fateful weekend where everything changed. Naturally the first thing that caught her attention was when Russ saved her life. She couldn't believe she almost drowned, and she also couldn't believe that he was brave enough to jump in after her, rescue her and perform CPR on her. Let's face it. If it wasn't for Russ's heroic efforts she wouldn't be alive today. Equally the other thing that caught her attention was the bravery he displayed when rescuing Nick. He wasted no time jumping on that bee after he saw it pick him up. Russ and Nick were no closer than the two of them were. However that didn't stop him from risking his own life to save him. In addition Amy liked the kindness he showed Nick. He didn't pick on him like some of the other guys she had brought around Nick in the past. As that Saturday progressed on Amy found herself looking at Russ Thompson through different eyes. He really was cute and sweet, and she was impressed at how he emerged as a leader of sorts. She felt so safe with him around. She also loved it when she caught him staring at her. She no longer thought it was creepy, and instead it made her heart flutter each time. Likewise she found herself not wanting to take her eyes off of him either, and a couple of times Russ caught her looking at him. Later on that evening, when Russ made the snide remark about the mall being closed by the time they got back, she wasn't even mad. Amy knew he had only said it, because he was jealous of the fact that she had previously planned to meet Paul Tate there. That made her like Russ even more. It finally all came together later on that night in the lego. When Russ first asked her if she would be warm enough it melted her heart. He sounded so sweet and concerned. Part of her wanted to say no just so she could see what he would do in response. Russ's heart was pounding when he asked it and in the wake of her response. A part of him wanted her to say no too. Amy later on got up the nerve to ask her why he had never come over before. Deep down she knew the reason, but she wanted to hear what Russ would say. He was completely caught off guard by this question, because this signaled that things were officially changing between them. He had never prepared for or anticipated a moment in his life when he would be alone intimately with Amy Szalinski. It was all overwhelming to him but in a good way. When responding to her question he chose his words carefully so that he would not accidentally offend her. Amy's heart sank at his response, and she regretted all the times and all the years that she had been too popular to notice him. What happened next was the best part of that whole shrinking experience for both of them, and it was the part that stood out above anything and everything else that happened during that whole ordeal. It was more than just a kiss. It was them connecting on a deeper level where there was no turning back. Russ couldn't believe it was actually happening, and he loved how soft and warm her lips were. He never wanted to stop kissing her. If it was up to him he wouldn't. Amy found that what they say about the quiet ones was true. Russ was an amazing kisser, and she felt a million emotions run through her. She never wanted to come up for air. She never wanted that moment to end. Neither one of them had ever been kissed like that before, and somehow they both knew that this kiss would not be the only one they would ever share. They had both heard the old saying that if there is something there than you will feel it in the kiss, and based on their experience in that moment they both knew that was true. Russ and Amy couldn't wait to get back to normal size and see what the future would bring.[Chapter 4] I don't own the rights to this movie. Walt Disney Pictures does. Amy stood at her locker on Monday morning fishing for her Geometry book. Geez her locker was almost as messy as her house! Where was it? \"Amy, what happened to you? Where were you this weekend?\" Patty came racing down the hall to catch up to Amy. \"Hey Patty! Sorry I didn't call you Sunday. I had a lot going on. I….\" \"Yeah I know! I talked to you Saturday morning, and you were telling me all about how you were meeting Paul Tate at the mall that night. Then your Mom called later that day saying she couldn't find you, and it turns out you never even met Paul Tate nor did you even show up to the mall. Then I try calling you Sunday, and your line's busy like the whole day!\" \"Believe me Patty there's a lot I have to catch you up on.\" \"Yeah no kidding like for instance what are you going to do about the dance? After you stood him up Paul asked Sarah Murphy, so they're going together!\" Amy breathed a sigh of relief. It hadn't been her fault she wasn't at the mall, but still she was now going to the dance with someone else. However since Paul also had another date perhaps he wouldn't be so mad at her for not showing up. Patty noticed that Amy really didn't seem bummed by the news. \"Amy! Hello! Paul's going with Sarah. Not you. You don't have a date for the dance, and it's this Friday!\" Amy was smiling on the inside and now the outside. \"Patty, that's one of the things I have to tell you. I do have a date to the dance.\" Patty looked confused and raced through her mind trying to figure out who exactly could have asked Amy. As far as she was concerned everyone was already paired up. \"Who? No wait let me think, let me think. Mark Slater, no wait he's going with Cassie. Corey Ford, no wait he's going with that skanky freshman. Amy are you going with a guy from another school?\" Amy braced herself. Patty was her best friend and knew she would eventually understand. That did nothing however to erase her nerves when it came to telling her. \"No I'm going with someone from here.\" \"Who?\" Here it goes. Hopefully Patty would go easy on her. \"I'm going with my next door neighbor.\" Patty thought for a moment. \"But…you live next door to Russ Thompson.\" \"Yeah. I do.\" Patty shook her head and started laughing. \"No way! Oh my gosh Amy you almost had me! You are so convincing! No really who are you going with?\" \"I'm not joking. Russ Thompson asked me to the dance, and I said yes.\" Patty now realized this was no joke. \"Amy just because somebody asks you to the dance that doesn't mean you have to say yes, especially if it's not who you want to go with.\" Amy smiled softly. \"I know.\" This just didn't make sense. Saturday Amy was all about going to the dance with Paul Tate, and now she's going with Russ Thompson? And excited about it? What was going on with her? First she disappears all weekend and….wait! That's it! \"Amy! I know what happened! He kidnapped you didn't he? He kidnapped you this weekend and held you captive until you agreed to go to the dance with him!\" That was the most ridiculous thing Amy had ever heard. \"Um. No.\" \"He's blackmailing you!\" \"No! He's not doing that either.\" \"You mean…you really want to go to the dance with Russ Thompson?\" Amy's smile was even bigger this time. \"More than anything.\" \"Even though he's a dork?\" \"Patty don't say that about him.\" \"Amy, what exactly am I missing here?\" \"Look we just ended up in kind of a bind with our brothers this weekend, and we got to know each other. That's all.\" \"What kind of a bind?\" Amy wasn't going to have that conversation about her weekend. \"Oh it was no big deal really.\" She was being honest. It was no big deal. \"Well if you're happy I'm happy.\" \"Thanks Patty. That means a lot.\" \"Have you told any of the girls yet?\" \"No just you, and don't say anything to any of them, especially Lisa.\" Amy's clique of friends were not the most accepting of other people, so she knew she would be given a hard time over her choice to go with Russ. Especially by Lisa. \"I won't. Promise.\" Amy knew she could trust Patty. Luckily she had one friend on her side. The girls then made their way down the hallway chatting happily. Russ stood at his locker annoyed that he had left his Geometry book at home. If he didn't bring it to class he was going to get points docked off on his homework. Oh heck! What did it matter anyway? It's not like he had an A in there…or a B, or even a C. He yawned as he shut his locker and made his way down the hall. He hadn't gotten much sleep the night before. He had been up most of the evening talking on the phone which was not the norm for him. It was the norm for Amy however. Russ hadn't yet seen Amy today, and he was kind of nervous about how it would be. He knew more than likely she would not be alone, and he was unsure of how she would respond to him with her friends around. They had since exited the backyard jungle and reentered reality. As he approached the end of the Sophomore hallway Steven ran up to join him. \"Dude, I can't wait for this week to be over. Molly will not shut up about that stupid dance this Friday. You're so lucky you don't have to go man.\" Molly was Steven's girlfriend, and the two had been going out for the past two months. To say she was excited about going to the dance on Friday would be an understatement. She hadn't stopped talking about it since it was announced. Russ had some unexpected news for Steven. \"You know it's funny you say that, because I'm kind of going.\" \"What? Since when? Why didn't you tell me?\" \"Well I didn't think I was. I just asked this girl yesterday.\" \"Who? What girl? Give me details man! You never told me you were thinking about asking someone.\" \"Well I wasn't it just kind of happened over the weekend.\" \"Well Russ, come on man. Don't leave me in suspense! Whose the lucky lady?\" He took a deep breath. \"Amy Szalinski.\" Steven waited a moment to see if Russ broke out laughing and admitted to the whole thing being a joke. He didn't. \"You mean Amy, your next door neighbor, Szalinski?\" \"Yeah.\" Russ could see the skepticism written all over Steven's face. \"Who hasn't talked to you since like Kindergarten?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Well um what made you ask her out? I mean did you just go over there and do it? Did your Dad put you up to it?\" \"No. No. None of that. I just kind of got to know her over the weekend, and well I just asked her, and she said yes.\" All Steven could think was \"Poor, naïve Russ.\" \"Look Russ, I'm just telling you this as your bro and friend, but there is like a certain code that Amy and all those other stuck up cheerleaders abide by, and that is that they only date snobs like themselves a.k.a. the other douchebags on the football team that aren't us.\" \"Steven I know that's how it use to be for Amy, but things have changed, and I mean. We really got to know eachother.\" Wow! Russ really was living in a fantasy world. Steven was careful to break what he said next very gently. \"Russ look I'm not trying to be Mr. Gloom n Doom here, but I think you're being set up as a little joke.\" \"Look Steven, I know why you feel the way you do about Amy, and I don't blame you. She really never gave us any reason to think that she would ever go out with me, but she looked happy when she said yes, and I think she is. I'm telling you man we just got to know each other better this weekend.\" \"Well that must have been some weekend.\" Russ placed a hand on Steven's shoulder. \"You're just going to have to take my word for it bro. It was!\" At the opposite end of the hall Amy and Patty rounded the corner, and their friends Janet, Betsy, Kim and Lisa were now with them. Amy was completely engrossed in the conversation the girls were having until she looked down the hallway. Time suddenly stopped, and she felt a hint of a smile creeping up on her face. Patty looked to see what the distraction was. She had her answer pretty quick. She saw Russ talking with his friend Steven Wilson. None of the other girls seemed to notice that Amy was no longer a part of the conversation, and she was glad for that. She wanted to go over there and talk to Russ, but she didn't want her friends to see her do it. It's not that she was embarrassed to be seen talking to him. It was just that she hadn't yet broke the news to them about Russ and not Paul Tate being her date to the dance, and she wanted to tell them first before they saw her with Russ and freaked out. Luckily Patty had been the only one who had thought to ask her about the dance so far. \"By any chance is he the reason why your phone was busy every time I tried calling yesterday?\" \"Yeah he is.\" Amy and Russ had done more than just talk on the phone. After their families had finished eating together the adults went and visited in the Szalinskis' living room while the kids went upstairs to hang out in Nick's. Amy and Russ had spent more than enough time with their brothers over the last two days, so after about five minutes Russ asked Amy if she wanted to take a walk around the neighborhood to which Amy said yes. It was nice to finally be alone together, and the walk provided the perfect opportunity for them to get to know each other one on one. Both were surprised to discover how much they actually had in common. Their favorite movie was the same, they both said their favorite food was pizza and Russ was even surprised to discover that Amy disliked cheerleading the way he disliked football. They only difference was that Amy was good at cheerleading. No scratch that. She was great. Amy told him that while she enjoyed the gymnastics aspect of it the cheer part had long since bored her. The only difference that they found on their walk was taste in music. Amy liked pop and upbeat stuff while Russ preferred rock. They did meet in the middle however when they discovered that they were both fans of some of the same groups. When they made it back to Szalinski house at the end of their walk she gave Russ her number and told her to call him that night. He did so and ended up being on the phone for four hours! Amy was lost in thought when she saw Steven telling Russ bye and walking off. She couldn't pass up this opportunity to talk to him, but how was she going to do it without her friends seeing? \"Hey guys, I forgot something at my locker. Can I meet up with you later?\" \"Sure Amy no problem. We'll see you at lunch okay?\" Betsy said. \"Sounds great! Go on without me, and I'll see you all then.\" The girls continued on, and when they were out of sight Amy started toward Russ. She hadn't noticed that Patty had hung around to watch. Amy grew more excited the closer she got. When she finally reached Russ she tapped him on the shoulder and immediately moved to the other side. Russ turned around confused to see no one there but immediately turned to the opposite side to see Amy giggling. \"Hi!\" \"Hi Amy.\" Russ felt himself turning back into that shy, nervous guy from just a few days ago, and Amy sensed it as well. He was so cute when he got all nervous around her. \"How's your day been so far?\" \"Oh it's been good. Well except I think I left my Geometry book at home.\" He laughed nervously. \"I hate it when I do that. When do you need it?\" \"Well uh, now.\" How about that. Another thing they have in common. Both Amy and Russ had Geometry second period however with different teachers. \"Oh I'm sorry Amy. I didn't even ask how your day has been.\" \"It's been good so far.\" They simultaneously let out a yawn. \"Sorry for keeping you on the phone all evening. I just get carried away talking sometimes.\" \"Oh no it's okay. Actually I kind of liked it.\" Her smile right then was an image he wanted to keep engraved in his memory forever. \"I liked it too Russ.\" For a moment they both just laughed nervously and looked down. That's when Amy laid eyes on her Geometry book and knew what she would do. \"You know you're welcome to use my Geometry book if you like.\" \"Don't you need it?\" Amy shook her head. \"No. I just came from there, so it's all yours.\" Of course that wasn't the truth, but she knew he'd never take it if he knew she needed it. In addition Amy had a B in there unlike Russ who was skating by with a D+. It's not that he wasn't smart. He just didn't care. Amy had also learned about Russ's lack of enthusiasm for school yesterday. \"Gee, thanks Amy. You really saved me here!\" She knew she had done the right thing. \"You're welcome.\" The five minute warning bell then rang. What a killjoy. \"Well hey Russ I got to get to class. I'll see you later though okay?\" \"Sounds good. I'll see you later Amy.\" He was hoping that she would ask him to walk her to class, but she didn't. He wasn't sure if that was something he should be concerned about. Right now however things were moving along great with them, so he decided not to worry about it. \"I'll see you later Russ. By the way I'm really looking forward to Friday.\" He definitely had nothing to worry about. \"I am too Amy.\" They flashed each other their warmest smiles and went their separate ways. Amy would have loved for Russ to walk her to class, but then he would know that she had Geometry now as well. He'd find out soon enough anyway. If only her dad could invent something today that would allow her to fast forward to Friday.[Chapter 5] I don't own the rights to this movie. Walt Disney Pictures does. It seemed like forever, but Friday finally arrived. Amy had spent the entire week planning how she was going to wear her hair, how her makeup would look and what shoes she would wear with her dress. It was now coming all together. She stood in front of the bathroom mirror putting the finishing touches on her makeup and hair. She wanted to look just perfect! \"Amy! You almost ready? Russ is probably going to be here any minute,\" her mother Diane shouted from downstairs. \"Yeah Mom! Just one second!\" Meanwhile Nick came from around the corner and peeked in the doorway. \"Amy I gotta go..\" \"Then go Nick!\" She was annoyed, because she knew what Nick meant. Didn't he understand how important this dance was? He should by now. Geez! \"No Amy, I have to go .\" Nick had long since become accustomed to Amy hogging the bathroom. The whole family had for that matter. Amy let out an annoyed sigh. \"Oh all right. Hey listen when Russ gets here don't do anything to embarrass me in front of him okay?\" \"Relax Amy you have nothing to worry about. Don't act so nerv…\" \"I'm not nervous! I just want everything to go good.\" Nick thought about his sister's recent behavior for a moment. \"You know Amy a week ago that Paul guy asking you out was the most important thing to you, but now it's our neighbor that we hardly knew until Dad shrunk us and if you ask me I think you seem more excited about Russ taking you to the dance than you ever were about Paul asking you to the dance. Have you noticed that?\" The little brainiac was right. Amy hadn't thought about that until Nick pointed it out to her. \"Well now that you mention it I guess I have. Hey if you need in here now's your chance but hurry.\" Amy made her way back to her room to look at her hair in a different light. It wasn't perfect, but it would have to do. Truth be told Amy was nervous about tonight for more than one reason. First of all she wanted to make a good impression with Russ. Sometimes when a guy finally does get the girl of his dreams he quickly realizes that the girl was much better as a fantasy than she is in reality. Amy didn't want Russ to have that same realization. Secondly she was apprehensive about how her friends would treat him. Amy knew Patty and her boyfriend Greg would be okay and most likely Betsy and her boyfriend Rodney as well. That was about it. Things had not gone well when she broke the news about Russ at lunch that previous Monday. The girls had all been chatting happily when finally the subject of the dance came up. \"Oh my gosh Amy! You have to tell me why you blew off Paul Tate,\" Lisa inquired. \"I didn't blow him off on purpose Lisa. I just got caught up in other things this weekend, but I am going to the dance with somebody.\" \"Better than Paul Tate? Yeah right, but tell me who anyway.\" Amy braced herself, and so did Patty. It was now or never. \"My date to the dance is going to be Russ Thompson.\" The table fell silent for a moment, and then laughter erupted. Janet was the first one to comment. \"Amy did you fall and hit your head this weekend? Why on Earth would you want to be seen in public with Russ Thompson as your date?\" \"Amy not only are your going to be committing social suicide, but you'll be degrading our group as well,\" Lisa chimed in. Amy was disgusted at how her friends were acting. \"And how exactly am I degrading our group Lisa? How does me going with Russ affect the rest of you?\" \"Well for one thing he's a dork, and another thing, if you go with him then all his little dorky friends are going to think that they have shots at dating us!\" \"Ewww! Can you imagine Steven Wilson or Benny Anders hitting on us?\" Kim weighed in. \"You don't have to worry about that Kim. Steven has a girlfriend!\" Amy replied. \"Whatever, you know the point I'm trying to make.\" Patty, taking on the part as the voice of reason, spoke next. \"You know. He seems really sweet. I saw him with Amy earlier today, and I can tell he really likes her.\" \"Yeah I had Science with him last year, and he's shy but really nice,\" Betsy included. Amy mouthed a thank you to the girls. Janet, Lisa and Kim were letting the words fly right over their heads. \"Amy you can't go with him! Just tell him you got sick or something.\" \"I'm not doing that Lisa! Look I'm going to the dance with Russ, and there is nothing you guys can say or do to change my mind!\" \"You know I was completely unaware of the fact that he knew how to speak until you said you were going out with him,\" Kim replied completely oblivious to what Amy just said. The girls, minus Amy, Patty and Betsy, began laughing again right as Lisa and Janet's boyfriend's Brad and Josh came over. \"Ladies, what are we laughing at?\" Brad asked taking a seat next to Lisa. \"Oh haven't you heard? Amy's going to the dance with Russ Thompson!\" Lisa cackled. \"For real Amy?\" By that point Amy wanted to dump her soda all over those jerks. \"Yeah Brad I am! Why you got a problem with that too?\" \"Nope. No problem here,\" he said sarcastically. \"Good.\" Brad wasn't quite finished though. \"Hey wait a minute, isn't he like your next door neighbor? Is you taking him to the dance apart of some neighborhood outreach thing or something?\" The five of them busted out in hysterics. \"Is he paying you?\" Josh included. They laughed even harder. Amy was so angry that she was on the verge of tears. \"Screw all of you.\" With that she grabbed her lunch tray and left the table. She dumped her food in the trash can nearby and exited the cafeteria, her appetite gone. Patty and Betsy followed her all the way to the bathroom. Amy used that opportunity to vent. \"They're such jerks to talk about him like that! They don't even know Russ!\" \"No Amy they don't, but regardless it doesn't give them the right to insult him,\" Patty said. \"Amy don't listen to those guys. If you want to go to the dance with Russ then do it! Who cares what they think?\" Betsy integrated. Amy's anger alleviated a little. \"Thanks for standing by me you guys. I knew they wouldn't be happy, but I never thought they would be so mean.\" Patty took her hand reassuringly. \"Anytime Amy, that's what friends are for.\" As Amy stood in her room remembering what happened she prayed that her friends would be decent enough to treat Russ cordially to his face. Russ deserved that. Russ made his way up the Szalinski walkway, flowers in tow. It was a colorful assortment of lilies, roses, tulips etc. Russ had picked each flower out himself, directly from his own backyard. He knew his mother Mae would be upset to see portions of her beautiful flower arrangements missing, but he would worry about that later. His mom had the best flowers on the whole street, and tonight after all was a special occasion. Perhaps she would understand. The closer Russ was to the door the more he could feel his palms sweating. He was actually about to go on a real life date with Amy Szalinski, and he wanted everything to go well. Russ didn't want to do anything to make a fool of himself. He also didn't want anyone embarrassing him. Russ, like Amy, also took it upon himself to tell his other friends about his date to the dance that previous Monday at lunch. He got mixed reviews. First of all Russ and Steven's other friend Benny thought it was the coolest thing he had ever heard. \"Wow Russ! How did you score that? You're the first one of us to get a date with a cheerleader. There should be a monument named after you! You think you can set me up with one of her friends?\" Eddie, another one of their friends' reaction mirrored Benny's. \"Russ! You are a god! I'll give you twenty bucks if you tell me how to get my own cheerleader.\" Steven's girlfriend Molly and her friend Suzy however were not impressed. Molly was the first of the two to weigh in. \"Eww, snob!\" \"She walks around this school like she's better than everyone. I bet she talks to all her little stuck up friends all night and never says anything to any of us,\" Suzy included. \"Look you guys she's not like that,\" Russ insisted. \"Amy's not going to act too good for any of you.\" Molly scoffed. \"Well Russ I'll believe that when I see it.\" Russ knew Amy would prove her doubters wrong and also had faith that she would win all of his friends over. He just hoped they would all be on their best behavior. He didn't have much faith in winning her friends over however, and he was nervous about how that was going to go. Finally he reached the front door. Russ took a deep breath, wiped his hands on his pants and rang the doorbell. Here goes nothing! ","Summary":" Some Things Inventions Just Can't Fix I don't any rights to the movie or the characters. It all bel"},{"Movie":"Hackers","Title":"A friend or Enemy?","Author":"cheshirecat7","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1401741","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ~ Okay people. yeah this is my own fanfic for Hackers. If you like it or not please review, and I'll try to update as soon as possible but am a busy person. Anyways here comes the business part of the deal: I do not own any characters in this writing other than the one labeled as Cheshire Kat. All other characters and the \"Cyberdelia\" are all property of whatever company made the movie. So yeah here we go.... The lights of Cyberdelia shown as she rolled in and down one of the ramps, coming to a stop at the bottom looking around. She twirled a strand of short black hair, looking around at the place she had spent so long away from. She looked like she belonged in this place. Blades on her feet, a laptop in her bag at her side, and her hair messed up perfectly. She remembered all the time she had spent here not long ago and smiled happily realizing not much had changed. She looked to a table and saw who she was looking for a tall blond guy, a short Hispanic, and a semi-tall brunette girl. With them was sitting another man, who was smiling and touching the girl's hand lightly. She paused studying them, not daring to move any closer at first. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ \"No way man, you can't do that,\" stated Cereal Killer the blond said as he shoveled more fries into his mouth. \" Nah you totally owe me more fries, every time I order some, I never get to eat any of them,\" Dade pointed out quickly before he was interrupted by Phreak. \"Dade, give it up it's useless. I bet he owes me millions of fries, don't even try to collect, it'll never work\" \"Hey!\" came the yell from Cereal \" I take that offensively!\" They all looked at him curiously before laughing in unison. He looked offended before joining in on the laughter. Suddenly though their laughs were disturbed by the girl who had just come to the table, sat down on Cereal's lap and kissed him. she pulled back smiling as the foursome stared at her in awkward silence. Dade the only one who was wondering who she was. \"Well, don't you have anything to say to me?\" she asked, again twirling short strand of her black hair. He paused not knowing what to say at first, \"Hello Kat. \" she smiled then looking around the table she realized she was still being watched. she looked at the person she didn't know, \"hi, who are you?\" Dade looks at her confused \"uh hi I'm Dade, wha......\" \"No...what's your name? your true name?\" she interrupted. he looked as her confused for a second.\" \"Um....Crash Override\" she sticks out het hand shaking his lightly \"Well nice to meet you Crash, you can call me Kat. Short for the Cheshire Kat.\"[Chapter 2] ****Okay, so yeah Chapter 1 was short and sweet but I think it got the point through. So here's Chapter 2 coming at you but first some business..... I do not own \"Hackers\" or any people or places related to the movie \"Hackers\". All rights to the movie are property of whatever company made the movie. So yeah um here we go.**** They sat at a table alone. They had excused themselves earlier, feeling the need for a private conversation. Since they had sat neither had spoke, they just sat and looked at each other, both at a loss for words. He studied her, taking her in, taking in the one he had not seen in months. He studied her semi-tight pants, her army green tank, her short black hair that framed her face, her smile, her deep gray eyes. All the same as he remembered, almost as if she had never left. She blushed feeling his eyes on her before speaking, \"Well aren't you glad to see me?\" \"Yeah, I mean it's great but weird. It like got normal, you know.....for you to be gone and then.....BAM.....you're back, and it's kind like weird, in a totally awesome way.\" he looked away from her unsurely and to his friends quickly. \"I know what you mean, but I told you I would be back in no time, I just had to settle some things,\" she paused for a second deciding to keep just what she had to settle a secret, \"But I'm back now.\" \"What do you want me to say? I mean it's all cool and shit that you're back but like I don't know.\" he gazed at her waiting for a response and she thought for a second before shrugging her shoulders unsurely. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Back at the other table the fries sat forgotten as the other three sat speaking in hushed voices. \"So who is she exactly?\" Dade asked still puzzled by the last half hour's events. \"She's Kat. She was Cereal's girl, before she had to leave for a couple of months. She was part of the group too, it's surprising that she's back so soon though.\" Kate shrugged before looking over to the couple before turning back, \"I don't know though\" \"So she plays the game?\" Dade asked before being interrupted by Phreak. \"Yeah, she plays and not only that but she's elite too man. She's a rare commodity too. got more equipment than any of us, and she shares. Not to mention she's good.\" \"Interesting\" said Dade before he was cutoff by the rejoining of the couple to the group. Cereal smiled at the three unsurely before speaking, \"Um...how bout we go and chill with Nikon for awhile? It's almost show time.\" They all nodded and got up. Walking and rolling back at the door and into the warm night. They arrived at Lord Nikon's shortly and had knocked on the door, when it opened and Nikon stood there hood drawn up to hide his face, \"Yeah?\" Kat stepped forward smiling, \"You're favorite little kitten came for a visit.\" He lowered his hood quickly and looked at her, a smile crept over his face, \"More like the most troublesome one. If it isn't old Kat, back to your wicked ways?\" \"But of course\" She laughed before moving in and giving him a long friendly hug, \"so what's the news?\" Soon enough everyone was seated randomly and Kat and Nikoln sat in front of his computer totally consumed by the writing covering the screen, easily forgetting the others, who were enthusiastic as \"The Razor and Blade Show\" started. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ **** Alright so there's Chapter 2. Again please Review, i don't like the feeling of writing to myself. All reviews greatly appreciated. Thanks in advance.****[Chapter 3] Alright sorry it took so long. Wish i had some really good excuse, but really I was just being lazy, and didn't feel like writing, but now i have completed chapter 3, so yay me. Anyways not much action but it's my horrid attempt at humor, so bare with me, and as always i appreciate any reviews. I don't own \"hackers\" or I would have bought a better computer, enjoy. The loud buzzing awoke her as she smacked the air wildly, in search of the small alarm clock from which the noise emitted. She picked her head up off the pillow and picked up the small buzzing instrument, before throwing it across the room to hit the wall, She let out a happy sigh at the silence that now filled the room once again. she laid back down and drifted back to sleep in the early morning light. An hour and a half later the door was wrenched open as she skidded to a stop inside the classroom. The teacher looked away from his writing on the chalkboard, long enough to realize who it was. \"Ah Miss Katherine Evans, rejoining the ranks of public education so soon?\" \" Couldn't stay away missed you too much\" she grinned as she took a second to look around the room. \" Alright take a seat, you're already late as it is,\" he let out a heavy sigh as she moved to an empty seat next to Dade and Kate, before resuming the class. Hours later as the bell sounded for end of classes, the group assembled in the hall. \"so where to, I got time before I gotta make some phone calls,\" Phreak asked as he slumped back against a nearby locker. \"look\" they all turned in the position that Cereal was now pointing and saw Joey bounding towards them, arms waving frantically. \"hey guys, hey guys, wait up, hey guys !\" came the yells from down the hall as he got closer. soon he had come to a stop in front of them and was struggling to catch his breath. \"Hey where ya go....\" he trailed off as he noticed Kat, he looked at her stunned for a second before giving her a rather large hug knocking her back into a locker. \"Geez Kidd. Get off me!\" she pushed him off playfully \"haven't changed much, still dressing like Dorks-R-Us. and what's this?\" Reaches into his pocket and grabs a pack of cigarettes that were peeking out. \"what we got an addict on our hands? oh, little Joey is trying to be all grown up, how adorable.\" \"very funny Kat, give em back\" she tosses them back to him and he puts htem quickly away in his pocket again. \" so where we going?\" he repeated, smoothing his hair. \"hey Kat, we should so Dade the shop,\" Kate answered after a seconds pause. \"yeah sure, he looks worthy enough\" Wow, okay that was chapter 3. So uh, hoped you liked it. please review, all are welcome, so uh thanks in advance. chapter 4 will be done hopefully sooner than it took chapter 3 to get done. Hack the Planet! ","Summary":" ~ Okay people. yeah this is my own fanfic for Hackers. If you like it or not please review, and I'l"},{"Movie":"Hackers","Title":"Intrusion Detection","Author":"WebCarnage","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/613584","Passage":"[Chapter 1] [Chapter One] -- Exploitation \"Jesus Christ it's hot in here,\" said Pud to himself as he scooted across the wroom with his roller-chair to the A/C and turned it on to 'high.' He looked down on himself, only to find his shirt drenched in his own sweat, and gel from his hair was dripping down the left corner on one of his eyebrows. He cracked his neck sideways and looked at the clock at the same time. Pud was used to multitasking, especially on the weekends when there was nothing to do but sit at home and sulk infront of a blinking curser on his monitor. It was 2:21 AM, he had been online for the past eight hours. His computer had been playing Slipknot since then… and one of their songs got stuck in his head, which he tried to immitate but failed miserably. He decided to cleanse himself for a [very] brief moment, for there was no time to waste at all. He got up from his chair and staggered to the kitchen sink, where he dropped his head in all the way and turned on a full blast of rushing cold water. After a few seconds of seeming torture, he whipped his head back and gaped a the wall for a second or two, blinking heavily. \"For the Love of God…when will I learn not to kill myself infront of my PC like that. I look like some mad whore run out of buisness\" He told himself, while opening up a cupboard and taking out a super-size bag of nachos to munch on… for he was planning to torment himself a bit more before he called it a 'day.' He was hot on his heels with something new he discovered. An exploit deep within the very founding roots of PakCom. PakCom was Pud's Telco., it had been for years. Now this exploit, which he nicknamed \"Mux0r,\" was about to be exposed to all of Heven's City. For the past six hours he was in deep concentration with on-and-off modes of meditation, not letting anything disturb him while he programmed viciously in Assembly. \"MOV... flag comma false...MOV...frun comma TRUE, enter, MOV OLDX comma nospace zero, XOR space EDI comma nospace EDI\" He programmed aloud to himself. Talking with his mouth and fingers Simultaneously. Him, brutally pounding at his keyboard, almost finished after a long hard night. The final product was almost done. He was racing against time, and the odds weren't great at all. Pud didn't know whether PakCom had information about this hole in their system and were patching it up as he typed, or if he was the only one. The hole enabled him to network his computer to theirs via the internet, getting \"Guest\" access (file sharing seemed to be on, a definite 'no-no' in the techie world). And from there he was proceeding to crack the Administrator's password using a program he was compiling at the time. He hypothesized that once he got into one of the computers stationed that they would be, themselves, networked up and with Administrator accessibility he could roam free as he wanted, wherever he wanted, via his Admin. PC. He had talked to some friends about this a few hours ago, and they weren't interested at all, they quivered at the thought of malicious work, especially for a local Telco - yet at the same time excited. Pud was destined to follow through on this. Him being 17, on his graduating year of high school and a full scholarship to John Hopkins Medical School was hanging on the line, ventured forward. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- I hope EVERYBODY shall critique my work,…Constructive criticism please. Copyright. All Rights Reserved. 2002 All Characters and Places are Made Up. I assume no responsibility if you happen to be the wrong person in the wrong place.[Chapter 2] [Chapter Two] -- Old Glory Pud was born in Chicago, but when his father had found work else ware, his family had to move along with him to Richmond, Virginia. Tech businesses were literally 'springing' up everywhere, and for Pud this was a great time to fine-tune his computer and phone skills… His real name was Richard Andrade, his name 'officially' changed to Pud during a morning on his Freshman year of high school when some kids made fun of a heavy-metal band's shirt he was wearing… Calling him \"Pud\" wherever he went. It stuck with him, even went to his online handle. Him, being a socially deprived kid with extensive 'free time'and math skills first got a taste of hacking when he was still in Middle School. Foreign language was never strong for him, science and math were the only two classes he looked forward to during the day. Everything else seemed 'unneccissary' or 'unimportant' to him. Being a Junior in highschool was actually an extremely easy feat for him, he had extremly well god grades (although an exception on foreign lang....yet no friends left him depressed and morally pressed down. Because of this he was flung into the world of technology and drugs. How he got money was simple: drug dealing. Not yet being an addict at the moment was saving his life, still, he was dying on his own terms. His parents knew nothing of his life, always being locked in his room gave hints to them to 'stay away.' Posters of heavy metal bands, marijuana plants, and StarWars plagued his walls, and 'sticky-notes' with code penciled flogged his desktop. In his mind he was \"self-sufficiant.\" Yet to his parents it was \"just another phase.\" Pud's time of sickness to the family, was now - present in all his day-to-day activites. Richard Andrade was learning, gaining knowledge, spreading, dying. When he was 16 years old a massive 'twist' took place in his life. One day after class he lit up a fag on his way home to school. He usually had stopped at an abandoned shed and stayed there until he had finished, but today he felt a bit down and didn't really care. He lit one up and walked home his normal route. Some of his school mates saw him and rushed over. They pulled out an amount of cash so they too, could buy a few ounces - for Richard was carrying alot, but for himself. He thought \"What the hell, I'll make up for it later.\" And pulled out a ziplock bag packed full of marijuana. It took him about 10 minutes to literally rip-off three of his mates into buying double price. Meanwhile Jacob Camby was taking his usual car route. Today, for him, seemed the same as any other day. Except today was odd, maybe he was just feeling sick? He had gotten no arrests under his belt the whole weekend, and was wondering if he was just getting old or if he was really lacking the skill as a few of the new recruits. Pulling onto Lawnwood Drive he saw a bunch of teenage kids with thick black winter jackets and handkerchiefs tied around there head. There was one particular he saw facing the two other kids and recognised him as a boy he usually saw every now and then walking down the same street. He stopped about a block back and watched to see what they were up to. He was feeling a bit suspicious, and plus, he needed the excitment. \"Come on man, where's the fucking bag gone to now. Fucking hey! Mike get that out of your jacket 'fore you get yourself shot.\" \"Fuck you man, I'm only playin'. Damn, a man can't take a joke nodays eh?\" \"What? Gimmie it back, this is buisness...I doubt Pud likes this. Right Pud?\" \"Yeah, common' guys enough playing, either you buy some or not. Wasting my time with you fools wasn't at the top of my 'to-do' list for this weekend.\" \"I hear you, so how heavy?\" \"Four ounces man, and not a flake less.\" \"Fuck man I'm dying here, how much you want for it Pud?\" \"If you have to ask, you can't afford it Aaron.\" \"Shit,...I'll pay what I want when I want. How much?\" \"Ok, ok, how about...oh fuck...\" Sirens shoot out from Jacob's police vehicle soon as he see's one of them take notice to him camping a block away. His foot jams on the gas, and his wheels skid for a fraction of a second before he's going 40 miles per hour and calling for back up. All three boys started running to the nearest house, jumping over their metal fence and running with hell behind them. Mike broke through a window and ran through the house while Pud and Aaron ran through the backyard. They all meet running with each other in the backyard and jumped the back fence. They got about three blocks until a second police car screeched to a halt infront of them; where everything froze for a brief eternity then started at full pace once again, all three of them running the four-minute mile. While running they decided to split up, so if one got caught, the other two wouldn't. This idea, however, was cut short when three police cars arrived on the scene, surrounding them in a matter of seconds. With them nowhere to turn, they put their backs to each other and huddled close to each other in the middle of the unknown area they had torridly run into. Mike, in his high self esteem, decided to make a break for it once again, and ran toward a cavity between two police cars while pulling out a switch-blade, just incase. The police raised up with their pistols high, ...but he took no heed, and kept on charging, knowing he would make it and be free. -- [Prt. II] Front Page News:ttt\"Mike Blanchard - A Death In The Family\" Michael Blanchard, a 17 year old student at Winston AP Highschool died the other day while running from a drug violation. In the past six years, only four high school students in Heven's City have been caught dealing or using marijuana, but this year sets a new record: Michael Blanchard will be the first one dead because of it. As a local citizen of this city might know, being caught with illegal drug use in Heven's City has very strict consequences. The first offense of carrying marijuana is 3 months with community service; the second offense is 1 year, and the thrid offense means up to 3 years, community service, and a bad reputation here at Heven's. Mike was buying some marijuana last Friday evening when a police vehicle spotted his 'crowd of dealing' and he ran. After a tense, yet brief, chase, all of the offenders were surrounded, and all cooperated properly - except for Mike Blanchard. Eye witness, and police-squad leader told 'News 9' that he pulled out a \"pretty damn large switch-knife and started to run inbetween two parked police cars.\" Thats when Officer Hocas fired the first shot... Continued on page: E-6 ... \"It's all my fault... I never should have gotten into drugs...\" Sighed Pud aloud; along with Aaron and two other teens who looked as if they were 12 years old. They had been tried and convicted, and Pud was to spend a month in 'juvi', with additional community service - while Aaron had three months and community service. Pud's lawyer was good, convincing the judge that he had not intended to sell anything; and should therefor be commited to a lesser sentence. One month in the confined juvinile hall... one month of hell.[Chapter 3] [Chapter Three] -- 28 Days Later Richard Andrade was dressed in blue jeans and a baggy t-shirt while coarsely scrubbing away at grafitti tattooed to his school's walls. Everything from love-letters to anarchy was found on these walls, even the occasional English essays. It was his second day out of Juvi and he was hoping to get back on his computer. He was thinking of lighting incest around his computer to make it 'his' shrine - he was that addicted. The internet was no joke for Pud; it was almost a religion to him. Nothing could pull him away from the usual \"I'm just checking something real quick\" or \"Gimmie five minutes\" while his parents were in the house. Yet he didn't look the type - owning no eye glasses, nor wearing high-waters and button up shirts on a regular basis. He dyed his hair every once in a while, streaking it blond - which made him look alienated with his natuaral jet black hair. As he finished up the last few bricks on a single wall, he noticed one of the doors of the classrooms cracked open. He looked up at the clock - 5:26; he was supposed to finish scrubbing the halls at 5:30 exactly. He looked down both sides of the corridor he was in, then walked to both exits to check if there was anybody walking his way. Odd, there was no janitor to send him home, wonder why? He finished scrubbing mindlessly for the next four minutes only to not feel guilty about not completing his task (Pud was like this, born and raised on the fact that you 'finished what you started'). He then cleaned up the sponges, bucket, and the soapy residue that plagued the floor from the trail of his cleaning. Once again, as he was feeling over-cautious, he checked for any onlookers or jaywalkers that happend to be comming this way. There were none, and he proceded to sneak in the pitch black room, ever so slightly. He turned around and, before shutting the door, checked to see if it would turn or not. It didn't, damn teachers not even closing their doors shut properly, this meant one thing, that the door was going to lock behind him. He quickly scanned the room for any light source, windows basically, and he found two large ones facing the very door. He slowly shut the door, as to not make any noise to even distract the birds from their work, and off he was. Pud had stumbled upon an open computer lab. What luck, his wildest dreams had suddenly been released wildly into the unkown abyss of the information highway. He quickly sat at one of the computers and noticed that it was on. 'Strange', he thought, he leaned over to the next computer and checked to hear if the fan was running, sure enough, it was. Pud, for the sheer entertainment of seeing a school computer-administrator in total shock, pressed forward. He went to the main PC, which was located in a small cubicle and noticed as: Admin. The computer was on alright, somebody forgot to do their job this morning. He quickly hijacked the session, and went on the internet to an FTP site he had memorized a few days earilier. He downloaded the first reverse lookup keystroke logger that he could find, and downloaded it on the school's speedy T1 connection - then proceded to install it. He found the area in which the passwords get loaded into the memory without haste, and forced the machine to dump core in that area. Things led to another in seconds, and he grabbed the core file before it automatically got deleted (which was approximatly two seconds, since all of the computers in the lab had been upgraded to WindowsXP). He then opened the core file in vi (visual interactive [editor], and found the user's name about halfway down the gibberish, untransalated nonsense. He deleted everything before the user's name, counted 127 characters after the name by tapping on the monitor, not missing a thing. He deleted everything after that character, and saved the file as a text file, and imported it into MS Word. He set up two colums (one with the user name and one with the rest of the babble), and saved it as a Word Template File, then once more, imported it, but this time to MS Access. He had found the plaintext version of the Administrator's password. He saved the password in a text, then saved the text onto a floppy and put it in his pocket. He was just about to shut down the computer when he heard a noise. \"What in bloody hell? Damn, motherfuckin' kids and teachers. Damned right shoot 'em all if I could. Gawd help me, teach these bastards to just shut the fuckin' doors properly dammit.\" The janitor then took a deep sigh, and scanned the room once more for any out-of-place materials or objects. He found none, then shut the door behind him. Pud stood there for a moment, trying not to move, yet abruptly shaking without control. He was leaned back against a wall of the cubicle, directly infront of the main door to the hallway. With the floppy still in his hand, shaking, he placed it back on the desk, and wrote on the front: Admin PW, then stuck it in his back pocket. He knew that he couldn't use the main door to get out anymore, since it was locked. Yet he thought of this before hand, and quickly unlatched one of the large windows, and simply crawled out of the building onto the school yard. Pud closed the window as much as he could, then ran home...not looking back at the school once. To Be Continued... ","Summary":" [Chapter One] -- Exploitation \"Jesus Christ it's hot in here,\" said Pud to himself as he scooted "},{"Movie":"Pan","Title":"Pan 2: The Lost","Author":"GreenPhoenix3","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11873498","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Hey Everyone! This was a plot bunny that would never leave after watching Pan, which I thoroughly enjoyed. But sadly it's more of a side a story that I will update less frequently than my other stories ( Masks and Pasts - Teen Titans and Runner - Rise of the Guardians). But I still hope that everyone who reads this enjoys. But also please review because this one is unbeta. Disclaimer: I don't own Pan or the characters of the Peter Pan story. \"Look flyboy,\" James T. Hook looked at Peter Pan, his new first mate. \"Now that we got yer crew, I suggest that we go looking in those fairy mountains for any lurking pirate activity.\" Hook watched as Neverland came closer. It looked peaceful and lively. Yet Hook felt that deep in the darkness something lurked to destroy all of that. In his gut he felt that Blackbeard wasn't truly gone. \"Look here Captain Hook,\" Peter said cheekily. \"I call the shots around here.\" Peter's smirk grew and Hook couldn't help but smile back. \"Plus those bloody pirates should be scared to go anywhere near the faerie mountains.\" Peter finished proudly. Hook opened his mouth to protest but the beautiful Tiger Lily spoke. \"While I do agree and understand your fear Hook, I do not think it wise to go into the faerie kingdom.\" She stated bluntly. Hook opened his mouth to protest but Tiger Lily's stern glare silenced him. \"The faerie realm is sacred and we already destroyed much of their land. I believe they would not be fond of other species in their land right now.\" Tiger Lily's blue-green eyes were soft and alight with mirth. Hook couldn't help smiling. He didn't know what it was about the princess, but she was like sea. Anything she felt spread to him in waves. \"That's for sure.\" Peter's snort brought Hook out of his thoughts. Hook heard something sounding like a bell as a flash of green-yellow light flew towards Peter. \"They particularly don't like a certain old man .\" Peter elbowed Hook. \"Hey there!\" Hook said with mock anger. \"I take offense to that.\" They all continued to joke around and watch Peter play with his friends, or as they dubbed themselves the Lost Boys. But Hook didn't stop worrying about Blackbeard. He had to know for sure. Hook dropped everyone off at the outskirts of the Tribal lands. Hook watched as all the new kids ran around enjoying the magical sights of Neverland in the safe territory of the Tribal lands. The lands were more outspread since Blackbeard's fall. Hook knew he wouldn't be the most welcomed guest since everyone, even the miners and followers of Blackbeard, believed that he was the captain of the pirates. It didn't help that Peter encourage it. Honestly, Hook himself didn't know if he wanted to be a pirate or not. He enjoyed sailing and traveling but besides that he didn't see what else made him pirate material. He could only imagine the laugh Peter and him would have if he dressed as ridiculous as Blackbeard. \"What are you smiling about?\" Tiger Lily's voice made Hook jump and he tripped backwards landing on his butt. Tiger Lily's soft chuckle almost made his embarrassment worth it. Almost. \"Glad someone appreciates my grace.\" Hook said with a small smile as he rubbed his back. Tiger Lily's calloused but dainty hand appeared in front of him. He gladly took it and pulled himself up. She pulled too, making their bodies bump into each other when he got up. \"This is very forward of you princess.\" Hook tried to sound suave but his voice came out with a breathy tone. She chuckled and gave a little smirk. \"Weren't you the one who wanted to get me alone?\" Tiger Lily's voice had a playful edge to it and Hook noticed that her eyes weren't burning like they always were, they were sparkling. Hook laughed lightly both at his corny thoughts and Tiger Lily's question. \"That I did princess.\" Hook heard his voice become huskier as he leaned closer to Tiger Lily. Her natural smell of trees and dirt enticed him. But somehow she smelt like fire. It was a deep burning smell that was hot, passionate, and untameable. That smell intoxicated him. He barely noticed her hand touching him till her warm hand and intoxicating smell left him feeling the cool air of the night. Tiger Lily had stepped away from him and when she cleared her throat Hook was back in reality. Her head was turned away from him. Hook stood in shock for a few seconds but then he stood up straight and crossed his arms. His hands itching to tip a hat that wasn't there. He knew he would be rejected. He knew it was silly to hope, but yet he did it anyway. It's that dang kid's fault. He thought to himself. \"Why are you out here?\" Tiger Lily's voice was hard and clipped but Hook could see the light blush she held. \"No captain leaves his ship unprotected.\" Hook tried to keep his voice normal but he couldn't help the roughness of his tone. Tiger Lily looked back at him, a spark of guilt flashed in her eyes but it disappeared just as quickly as it had appear. Her eyes became narrow and scrutinized him. Hook simply lifted an eyebrow in response. \"It is unwise to go looking for darkness on your own.\" She said bluntly. It almost threw Hook off-guard but part of him knew that she would know what he was really going to do. \"I'm much obliged for the advice Princess. But it's not needed.\" Hook walked past Tiger Lily and down the stairs. He knew she was right but if no one was going to help him then he had to help himself. He almost forgot how it felt to depend on himself. It was safer. He knew what his limitations were, what he would do, what to avoid so it wouldn't hurt him. It caused less chances for hope. He heard Tiger Lily's light footsteps following him. \"You cannot go into the faerie kingdom alone.\" Hook stopped in his tracks. He wanted to keep walking but he couldn't help but stop. Maybe because he actually did respect her advice. Or maybe it was because he loved the sound of her voice. \"While it is a wise idea, it is not safe for you.\" Tiger Lily continued to walk toward him, stopping a few feet away from him. Hook grimaced that now she was deliberately staying away from him. \"I won't be alone. I'll take Smee.\" Hook turned his head towards her and winked. He quickly saw anger take form in her face before he began walking away. He was stopped suddenly when Tiger Lily pulled his arm back harshly. \"Was it not Smee who betrayed us?\" Hook tried not to let his anger simmer when she said us. \"How can you trust him? The faeries certainly will not. You are already assumed to be a pirate, do not let your company corrupt your character even more. It is-\" \"Not wise.\" Hook turned around and faced Tiger Lily, anger burning through him. He knew everyone thought he was a pirate but for some reason it angered that no one saw differently. He was just a dumb cowardly pirate in their eyes. \"I get it Princess. I'm just a pirate! Well I'm sorry about that. I just thought that with Smee being apart of Blackbeard's crew and all, he just might have some useful information. Like how I know a different way in, he might know how Blackbeard could still live.\" Hook breathed heavily and finally realized that he was as close to Tiger Lily as before. He saw the shock in her eyes and it immediately calmed him down. \"And I haven't trusted anybody in a long time.\" \"You trust me right?\" Peter's voice rang through and Hook saw him coming down to the ship. He stepped away from Tiger Lily thankful for the distraction. \"Our first deal was made on lies kid.\" Hook pointed out teasingly. Peter just rolled his eyes and landed on the ship, his arms behind his back. \"Forgive and forget right?\" Peter said offhandedly. \"Plus if you didn't forgive me, I guess I couldn't give you this.\" Peter pulled out Hook's hat from behind his back. It was torn and ragged but Hook was ecstatic to see it. He went to grab it, but Peter flew back, a mischievous smirk on his face. \"You can't have it until you admit, that you trust me.\" Peter said haughtily as he flew a few feet away from Hook. Hook couldn't help but smile and shake his head at Peter. Peter had him wrapped around his finger. \"I trust ya kid. Now give me back my hat.\" Hook held out his hand as Peter huffed in annoyance. Then, with his hat inches away from his fingers, Hook saw the gleam in Peter's eyes. \"Peter...\" Hook said with warning, but he was too late. Peter threw it beyond Hook's head and towards the edge of the boat. Hook ran towards it catching it before it and himself went over the edge. He heard two laughs behind him. One a suppressed giggle and another a full childish belly laugh. \"Har-har.\" Hook turned back around, facing Tiger Lily and Peter. \"Now that you both had your laugh, I think it's time for me to go.\" \"What? Where are you going?\" Peter asked in thinly concealed disappointment. Tiger Lily looked away and Hook tried not to be bothered. Key word tried. \"I got things to do kid. I got to go see the miners make sure they're all alright and someone's got to make sure those pirates behave themselves.\" Hook said confidently. It wasn't all the truth but it was enough. \"Oh okay.\" Peter said dejectedly. It pulled at Hook's heart hard. He didn't want to be the one to disappoint the kid. \"Don't worry.\" Hook ruffled Peter's hair taking his hat in the process. \"Hey!\" Peter made to grab Hook's hands and hat but Hook avoided him. Peter crossed his arms and huffed in mock frustration. But Hook saw the smile in his eyes. \"I'll come back soon kiddo.\" Hook throw Peter his hat back. Peter's eyes sparkled with happiness and Hook felt content. \"Good.\" Peter nodded. Hook heard one of the boys yelling Peter's name. \"I'm coming!\" Peter turned to fly towards the boys a little green-yellow light flying towards him. Before he left from Hook's view Peter turned and yelled something to him. \"Don't go into the faerie kingdom. Tink told me that none of the faeries want pirates there. Something about dirtying the magic.\" Peter grinned back at Hook. Hook could hear Tiger Lily chuckle. \"Well I'm not the one who looks like a mud boy.\" Hook yelled back. Peter's laugh filled the air. Adding to the light airy feel of the night. Peter's laughed echoed around Hook till a calm silence filled the air. \"Did you mean it?\" Tiger Lily asked quietly. Hook looked at her and saw that there was a change in her. She looked somewhat vulnerable. It took him by surprise. \"What?\" \"Did you mean what you said to Peter? Will you be back soon?\" Her eyes bore into Hook's confidently. She wanted the truth. Hook was going to repeat the same answer he told Peter but nothing came out. She sighed at that. \"So everything you told him was a lie.\" Her voice cut through Hook like a knife. She was angry and disappointed at him. And he couldn't do anything to prove her wrong but he needed her to know what he felt. Even though he really didn't know himself. \"Tiger Lily.\" Hook's tongue felt heavy after saying her name and his voice took on a more sincere tone. He cleared his throat, hoping to keep his feelings down long enough. \"I need you to teach Peter how to take care of himself. I know you probably thought about it but I need you to do it.\" Hook took a deep breath. He couldn't believe he was telling a beautiful woman he just meant something he hadn't told anyone but it didn't change how easy it was to trust her. \"I've always been on Neverland. When we went to the other world nothing looked or felt familiar. It didn't feel like home. I don't remember even having one. But I do remember three things from when I was a kid. A woman with hair as bright as faerie's light,\" Hook took off his hat and put a hand through his hair. \"A scar on the top of my head, and Blackbeard as an old bitter man.\" Hook spat. Tiger Lily stared at Hook in confusion. \"I know, it's all confusing but just focus on the Blackbeard part. I remember him as an old man with dark spots and wrinkles. Yet as an adult all I saw was a middle-age man.\" Hook let out a shaky breath. \"He wanted the Pixum for a reason. To cheat death. A man devoted to that wouldn't let a mere fall kill him. He wouldn't let a boy kill him. Not unless the boy was dead first.\" Hook's breathing became labored and a pain came to his head. He felt a memory come to his mind but it was foggy and distant, they all were. But what filled him with fear was the fact that if he was right about Blackbeard, he would lose the home he just found. He would lose Peter and her. Tiger Lily touched Hook's arm, calming him down. \"He was also a man full of greed and power. Power drives madness into the hearts of good men.\" Hook's breathing went back to normal and Hook automatically grabbed Tiger Lily's hand gently, holding it to his arm. \"But I do understand what you are telling me.\" Hook stared at Tiger Lily. \"You need to know that Blackbeard is dead. You need to know that Peter is safe. That your home is safe.\" Hook looked away, embarrassed. He never let anyone know he felt, yet she could tell how he felt without him saying it. One of her hands touched his face and all the breath in him escaped as she turned him to her. \"Go.\" It took Hook a while to realize that the touch lasted only a few seconds. \"Make sure he's dead. Make sure we truly are safe. But come back.\" She ordered. \"Keep your promises. Show everyone that you are more than a pirate.\" For once Hook was glad when she stepped away from him. He didn't know what he would do if she had stayed in front of him. The passion in her eyes lit something in him. It took a while and she was already near the edge of the ship when he pulled himself together. \"Yes ma'ma.\" Hook said mockingly to her back. But he could tell that she was smiling since her walk was lighter and her reply was filled with happiness. \"See you soon Hook.\" She called as she jumped from the ship. Hook let out an impressed whistle. He stood there enjoying the peace, knowing that the task he was about to take on would probably rob him of it. Yet hopefully, when he came back he would finally be able to rest in peace. Hopefully.[Chapter 2] A/N: Hey Everyone! I was honestly surprised that people actually read this and want me to continue. So here you go! Thank you all that follow and favorited. To those who reviewed: BentToPerfection : (Sparky) Glad you like it. Here you go! Booklover115 : Glad you like it too. Here you go as well. Thank you guys! Now without further review (speaking of, please read and REVIEW) ENJOY! Disclaimer: I don't own Pan or the characters of the Peter Pan story. Hook stood on the main deck of his ship, overlooking the miners pit. Everyone was quiet, only some hummed or whispered in their sleep as the wind carried it away. Hook figured they were all asleep since it was the darkest hour of Neverland. Hook always felt at peace during this time. The noise and activity of the day finally at rest, allowing him to rest as well. The noise made Hook uncomfortable and always put him on edge. He learned how to act like nothing bothered him, but crowds and the loud noises that accompanied them always grated his nerves.. Before, the noise was always the clang of picks and the groans, sometimes cries, of men and children as they worked. Now it was either the incessant chatter of a hopeful future or praise to Peter and him for freeing them. For the past few days Hook had been trying to help everyone left at the mine pit by bringing food to them and helping them build decent living spaces. They kept praising him like he was some kind of hero. Hook could admit that he was one handsome devil, but he knew he wasn't a hero. He was never a hero and he never planned on being one. \"Hook!\" Hook cringed at Smee's loud voice. \"Smee! Quiet will you.\" Hook growled quietly. \"Well we are approximately 300 feet over the closest ledge and to clearly hear me I would have to be-\" Hook covered Smee's mouth stopping the babble. \"Be quiet, cause I told ya to be.\" Hook ordered. Hook had a bruising grip on Smee's arm and Smee began to whimper in pain. \"Still makin' noise Smee.\" Hook said with a mocking tone. Smee stopped his pathetic whimpers. \"So you gonna be quiet?\" Smee nodded desperately. Hook let his arm go and uncovered his mouth. They both stepped away from each other, well in Smee's case he fumbled back. \"Is that how you treat a dear friend?\" Smee said dejectedly with a bit of anger. This made Hook froze and he began to feel rage overtake him. \"Friends?\" Hook seethed. \"Friends don't betray each other.\" Hook stomped towards a trembling Smee. \"Friends don't help people that want to kill their friends. Plus,\" Hook stopped when he towered over Smee. \"You were never my friend.\" Hook spat as he jabbed his finger in Smee's chest with each word. \"W-w-well if you considered my situation you would have done the same thing.\" Smee stuttered. Hook just glared back. \"You know it's true. No matter how much you think you changed because of the boy and girl,\" Hook noticed how Smee said boy and girl with contempt. \"You are still like the rest of us. Willing to twist any situation to help in you.\" Hook wanted to disagree but he knew that was why he would never be a hero. He watched too many people suffer and he didn't do anything to help them. He didn't have anything to fight for besides himself. Then he remembered Tiger Lily's sky blue eyes. Everything was different now. He didn't know if he was a better man, but he wanted to try to be what her and Peter saw just to make them happy. \"Yeah I would have, still don't make you betraying us right. It ain't right when I do it.\" Hook sighed in frustration and stepped away from Smee again. \"Look that doesn't matter now, I need something from you.\" Smee stood to his full height. \"Did you get any information on Blackbeard?\" Hook stared at Smee intensely but Smee seemed confused. \"What?\" Hook sighed in frustration at Smee's confused question. \"While you were with Blackbeard, did you learn anything about him?\" Hook asked exasperatedly. \"He was terrifying and insane.\" Smee replied bluntly. Hook huffed in annoyance. \"Everyone knows that Smee.\" Hook began rubbing the bridge of his nose. \"Was there anything else? Something about the pixum.\" \"Pixum, pixum….,\" Smee mumbled. Hook's fist began to clench and unclench in rhythm to Smee's words. \"I don't remember. But with the right incentive I might be able to remember something.\" Smee leaned in conspiratorially towards Hook. Hook's eyes narrowed but a malicious smirk grew on his face. \"Well that's funny. I was thinking that not throwing you overboard three hundred feet in the air would be incentive enough but if it's not…\" Hook stepped towards Smee threateningly. Smee stepped back and gulped. \"P-p-point taken.\" Smee stuttered as Hook stepped back, his arms crossed. \"Well, um, I heard that he was trying to use the pixum to make himself younger. He did not like dying, he even killed his own son just in case he was the boy from the prophecy.\" Smee babbled on but Hook was stuck on the Smee's first tidbit. Hook killed his own son. A shiver went up Hook's spine as his head began to throb. \"Hook, you alright?\" Smee stopped babbling and was looking curiously at Hook. \"Yeah.\" Hook shook off whatever he was feeling. \"What were you sayin'?\" Hook looked back, gaining back his rough composure. Smee stood there in silence, staring at Hook. When Hook stared back with an eyebrow raised Smee sighed. \"Blackbeard was working on some type of magic. Some of the pirates were saying how he would kept mumbling about how he needed blood or something. They were in awe and in fear of him. He was pretty terrifying.\" Hook looked out towards the mountains where the Faerie Kingdom was. He knew that there was another plan in Blackbeard's sleeve, but he couldn't figure out what it was. \"Why do you want to know this stuff anyway?\" Smee asked, bringing Hook out of his musings. \"Just wanted to know if Blackbeard had a backup plan. I'm going to make sure he's dead.\" Hook said as he walked past Smee and to the sails, setting them up. \"Wha-wait Ho-Hook!\" Hook heard Smee trip as he tripped over his words. Hook looked back to Smee, who was know wiping himself off and checking for injury. Then he looked up confusion and worry in his eyes. \"He's dead. We all saw that ship fall into a pixum abyss.\" Hook rolled his eyes. He was tired of everyone thinking he was crazy. He wondered why no one could see the possibility that Blackbeard could still be alive. \"Well if he figured out a way to make pixum make him younger, I pretty sure him falling in an abyss of it might give him enough to survive.\" Smee opened his mouth to say something, most likely to contradict what Hook said but Hook held his hand. \"It's unlikely but I'm just checkin to be sure. That's all. Now either help me set the sails or get off my ship.\" Hook ordered as he turned back around. \"How are you gonna get to the the Faerie Kingdom? They kind of have a door that needs a key.\" Hook heard the sarcasm in his nasally voice. How did he become my friend? He thought as he set up a few torches on the posts \"Well, I just have to do what I did last time.\" Hook replied sarcastically. \"Which was?\" Smee asked warily, observing the vast amount of torches Hook was putting up. \"I go through the crocs to a underwater current that takes me into the bottom of the mountain.\" Last time though, the mermaids were willing to help him because Peter was in trouble. He didn't think they liked him that much. \"Well okay then, see ya!\" Hook turned around to see Smee run to the ladder. Hook wasn't surprised. It was dangerous enough to go into the Faerie kingdom when they used to be pirates, but with the threat of crocodiles and a current, that he may have downplayed just a bit, no one would've thought to go through it. The Faeries didn't even have to guard it. It was obvious that going down that way was stupid. Hook sighed as he untied the boat from the dock. He was never complimented on how smart he was anyway. Just like last time it didn't take long to get to the crocodile pass. Since he left at the dead of night, it was well into early by the time he arrived. Although the high walls of the mountains on either side of the pass blocked the light out. Hook ran around the ship lighting the torches as fast as he could. It wasn't fast enough. A crocodile jumped up, her teeth ripping his sail. \"Woah!\" Hook yelled as he was thrown to the side as the boat rocked. Hook grabbed the nearest torch and held it out. The current seemed to carry Hook's boat slowly down the pass. He tensed ready for another attack. He didn't have to wait long. The crocodile jumped again and this time aiming more for him. Hook moved to the side and got under her chin with his torch. She fell on the boat, Hook fell with her, the torch in his hand still burning under her. She roared in agony, making her protruding teeth catch a bit of his right arm. He cried in anguish as she scrambled off the boat. The boat drifted out of the pass and into the bright sunlight. Hook squinted and raised his good hand to shade his eyes. He looked down at his arm. The scratches were deep, a few inches. He was just glad that it was cleaner than the scratches he seen the picks make. He just hoped that the dizziness he felt was from seeing so much blood and not actual blood loss. Hook cleaned and wrapped his arm the best he could. He knew the best case scenario with the scratches were that they would scar. Worst case, they would get infected and he would have to cut his arm off, the fact that he didn't have much on the ship besides cloth and drinking alcohol lead to the worst case being more likely. He slid down, sitting on the deck, feeling utterly alone. He chuckled darkly. \"Guess it could be worse. She could've eaten my arm clean off.\" After a while, Hook slowly went back to the helm and observed the rocks around him. He was entering the rafts that would take him to the bottom of the mountain. He looked up to see that the sails weren't totally damaged. If he played it right, he could get by. Hook set up the sails as he felt the boat pick up speed. He finished just in time to stop the boat from smashing against one mountain side. It was a lot harder to steer with one hand. He kept jerking the boat, which in turn kept him unstable. The resounding cracks of the ship hitting the rocks echoed and merged with the sound of rushing water. Water splashed on the boat, some splashing on him. By the time the boat and water settled, Hook was worn out. He almost buckled to the ground in pain and exhaustion. The need to survive and not crash into the mountain side was all that was driving him. His eyesight was blurred and his breath came out in rasps. The cloth on his injured arm was soaked with blood and salt water, literally adding salt to the wound. He blinked and tried to wipe his eyes with his good hand. He began to see the veins of pixum appear on the enclosing mountain sides. Hook smiled tiredly. He finally made it, and then he passed out.[Chapter 3] A/N: At end of chapter. ENJOY! Disclaimer: I don't own Pan or the characters of the Peter Pan story. A soft bright light filled James' vision. \"Lavender's blue, dilly dilly, Lavender's green. When you are king, dilly dilly, I shall be queen. Who told you so, dilly dilly, Who told you so? 'Twas my own heart, dilly dilly, That told me so.\" Little James heard a woman sing to him. Her voice was distant and quiet, but it still rang around him like silver bells. \"Goodnight my little captain.\" The woman moved his hair and pressed a light kiss on his forehead. James wanted to hold onto the warmth it gave, to call out to her and beg her to stay, but she left leaving him in darkness. Hook blinked the darkness away as a silvery blue light entered his vision. He groaned in pain and covered his eyes. Every time he had a near death experience he had that elusive dream. The first time he couldn't remember what had happened but he had a splitting headache for days. Then from the time he was a boy till he was a teenager, there were freak accidents that would scar and critically injure other people, but he would come out unscathed. Then he would have the same dream and it never became any clearer. Soon people began calling him the boy that cheated death. He hated the whispers and stares that accompanied that title. So he laid low, blended in. The freak accidents stopped, the rumors died down, and the dream was forgotten. Until Peter came along. He didn't have the dream after the whole ordeal, but in the middle of it all. The first night in the Native's camp. It surprised him so much he couldn't get any sleep that night. He didn't mind. The Native lands were beautiful at night. So was their princess Tiger Lily. Hook chuckled as he thought about how she could go through war and still look beautiful. Hook's right arm throbbed, reminding him how he almost died this time. \"Stupid croc. Stupid rocks.\" Hook grumbled. He pushed himself up to a sitting position, groaning in the process. Hook looked around, noticing that the boat had floated deep inside the Faerie Kingdom and had stopped in some deep cavern. Above him the silvery blue light of Pixum shined but around him black stones glowed and thrummed ominously. \"Well this isn't unsettling at all.\" Hook mummered to himself. Hook grabbed the railing closest to him and hauled himself up with his left arm. He yelled out in agony as his right arm was jostled in the move and his body groaned. His yell echoed back at him. He froze, afraid that he would be realized by the fairies, but nothing happened. He let out a breath of relief and slowly stood to his full height. This time he only groaned in pain. Thanks to the light of the pixum he now could see the damage the ship took. The sails were ripped and ropes were either lying on the deck or hanging from the ripped sails. The railings were chipped and splintered. The railing behind him was missing a chuck. Hook was surprised to see that the sides, while chipped and cracked, didn't have any lasting damage. Everything was fixable and the ship could probably last the ride back. Hook sighed in relief. It was soon stopped by a grimace of pain. He slowly moved off the railing and lifted his right arm into his view. It was burning and the scratch from the crocodile's tooth, ran from the top of his forearm to his elbow. There was a light yellow substance on the edges. He wondered if he was going to survive the trip. \"James.\" A sinister voice whispered. Hook froze, looking around frantically. \"James.\" The voice called again. A ticking sound accompanied the voice this time. \"Who's there?\" Hook yelled out. The continuous ticking was the only response he got. It lasted for a while till he heard the voice again, louder this time. \"James. Come into the water James.\" It was familiar to Hook and it made his head throb. \"Come James.\" Hook shook his head and gritted his teeth. The ticking had become louder and it was grating his nerves. \"It's just your imagination. Get a hold of yourself.\" Hook grimaced as his head throbbed again. It didn't help. The chilling voice kept calling his name. Hook began to get apprehensive. He leaned on the railing to get relief from the throbbing in his head. He saw a hook a few feet away and stumbled toward it. He grabbed the hook. The relief was immediate. With the familiar tool in his hand he felt a bit more confident \"JAMES.\" The voice yelled. Hook covered his ears as he crumpled to the ground. The yell rang in his head and it seem to increase the pain he already felt by tenfold. Hook lay on the deck till the ringing stopped. Silence entered the cavern again. When Hook opened his eyes, the silvering blue light above him had been engulfed by the darkness that emanated from the black stones surrounding him. The ticking echoed loudly around him. Hook stood up slowly. He looked around but the only thing he could clearly see was the glittering black stones around him. The ticking became louder and seemed to keep in time with his rapid heartbeat. Tick-tock, ba-dump-ba-dump, tick-tock, ba-dump-ba-dump, tick-tock, ba-dump-ba-dump. Hook began walking backward, hoping to get away from the suffocating darkness. But his leg caught on some of the fallen rope and he tripped through the hole of the railing. He fell off the boat and into the inky water. Hook opened his eyes to look for the surface but instead of the surface he saw the inky water forme something around him. A laugh echoed in his head, Blackbeard's laugh. \"My, my, my, look at you James. How much you have grown.\" The form came into focus in front of Hook. There was no mistaking that it was Blackbeard smirking at him. The substance formed his head with glowing blood red beady eyes. Deep in the middle of Blackbeard's apparition was a silver pocket watch. \"I didn't even recognize you when I saw you. It's been too long.\" Hook wanted to know what Blackbeard was talking about but he was still in the water holding his breath and something kept him under. No matter how hard he struggled he didn't seem to be going anywhere. \"I know this might be a little uncomfortable for you but don't worry, you won't last that long anyway.\" Blackbeard mocked. Hook then felt the inky substance surround him as it began to seep into his wounds. It was pulling, ripping, tearing, something from inside him. Hook wanted to scream in pain but he was gagged by the substance. Even if he tried to scream, water would enter and fill up his lungs. He heard Blackbeard laugh as he chanted something. Pain reverberated through Hook's body but somehow he heard a growl. Hook recognize it as a crocodile. Blackbeard was still chanting, unhinged by the reptile's presence. The tearing continued and the dark substance around him tighten. He began to lose feeling in his body and his lungs were burning. Then he felt the rusted metal of the hook in his left hand. He accidently cut his hand when the substance tighten around him again. His vision began to fog as a ridiculous plan entered his mind. Hook shook his left hand free from the substance. With his left hand free, the blood from the cut drifted into the water. Hook heard the rumble of a crocodile and Blackbeard's scream before he passed out. This time when Hook woke up his head throbbed with loud sounds echoing in his head. One of them was the ticking he heard earlier. The noise didn't echo like last time, it vibrated. He couldn't tell if his eyesight was okay or not because anything close was blurry but anything far away was clear. And his body was so heavy, especially his head. He couldn't even open his mouth to groan. Worse of all was how cold he was. \"Well, well, well,\" A labored voice rang across from Hook. He couldn't see the person clearly but something about it was familiar. \"You just don't die, do you James?\" The voice registered in Hook's mind. It was his voice, but he wasn't talking. \"Actually that can't be your name anymore, can it? Since it's my name now.\" The person went closer to him and began patting Hook's head. Hook's mind was still reeling from the overload of senses so he didn't fully understood what the person was saying. He was trying not to gag at the metallic smell surrounding the person. The noises were still too loud and his body still felt heavy. \"You were supposed to take my body but I guess this will do. Can you please stop that infernal ticking? It's very distracting.\" Hook struggled to move his body to get a good look at the person but the person was too close. Something rumbled deep in his chest, then an unusual growl came out of his mouth. \"You should be thanking me. I healed most of your body's wounds, except the hand. It will be difficult to deal with but I do like its irony. Captain Hook with a hook for a hand. That sounds much better than Blackbeard don't you think?\" The person smirked and Hook froze. Everything clicked in his head. The mysterious inky substance from before. The apparition of Blackbeard, the crocodile. The way the stranger sounded like him but didn't talk like him. The reason everything about the person was familiar but wrong. Blackbeard was now James T. Hook. \"Captain Hook. Much more intimidating than Blackbeard.\" Hook's stomach still churned when Blackbeard spoke the truth. \"Will you stop that ticking!\" Blackbeard yelled as he kicked Hook in the stomach. Finally Hook's mouth opened, but not for a yell but a deep raspy roar. He felt something in his body move to attack Blackbeard. Blackbeard fell backward and dodged whatever Hook attacked him with. Then something pierced his hand. Once again, no human sound came out of his mouth, the same type of roar did. \"It seems in any body you're a pest.\" Blackbeard chuckled. Hook growled again. Blackbeard just laughed harder. \"Don't you worry, Jamey boy. I'll take good care of Peter and that little Tiger of yours.\" Hook saw red and he pounced towards the person. His jaw ready to smack Blackbeard to the ground. But nothing happened. Whatever was in Hook's hand held him to the ground and it dug deeper as he jumped forward. Hook roared in anger and pain. Blackbeard just laughed. It grated Hook to hear himself laugh like that. \"Well, I'll just leave you here Jamey boy. Try to die this time. I would hate to go crocodile hunting for you.\" Blackbeard walked away and Hook's vision began to clear. He let out a raspy whine when his body came into view. Blackbeard turned around and gave Hook a mock two finger salute. Hook shivered at how wrong everything looked. \"Thanks for everything Jamey boy.\" Blackbeard walked away as he began whistling his morning tune (Smells like Teen Spirit) . Hook roared in anguish. Hook slowly crawled to the edge of the water, his right hand burning. He looked into the water and sorrow hit him again. The thing staring back at Hook wasn't his normal human reflection but a crocodile's. Every movement Hook forced his body to do, the crocodile's reflection did. Hook was so engrossed in his new reflection, he didn't notice Blackbeard coming up behind him with a rock. The last coherent thought Hook had was the regret he had for making things worse for Peter and Tiger and his deep hatred for Blackbeard, the new Captain Hook. Then everything slipped away. A/N: Hey guys! One I don't like hurting awesome people but it needed to be done. Two, PLEASE, Please, pretty please REVIEW. I want to see if you guys want the next chapter in Tiger Lilly's POV or Hook's as a crocodile, or both. Either way please review so I know. Speaking of reviews: MeowMix1100 - Thank you! I hope this was a little more detailed. Captain Jinx Rummy- I know how you feel. I was looking for that too so I decided to write my own version. And welcome aboard! Turannoktonnos- As you wish! (He was hilarious at Denver Comic Con by the way!) Thank you guys for reviewing, favorting, and/or following. It reminds me that people do care. Well I hope you all enjoyed this chapter and have a blessed day. PLEASE REVIEW![Chapter 4] A/N: Hello everyone! I am alive, so no worries. This chapter was harder for me than I thought. But it's long, and has 2 POVs! Yeah?! Anyway, thank you guys for being so patient. Thanks to those that followed and favorited! And to those who reviewed: Captain Jinx Rummy- Keep hoping! GrantWard'sHipsterGlasses- Sorry for the wait! Thank you guys so much! If any of you guys have some tips, pointers, or thoughts please REVIEW. But enough of this! I pray that you guys read, review, and ENJOY! Disclaimer: I don't own Pan or the characters of the Peter Pan story. Tiger Lily's POV Tiger Lily stood on a cliff at the edge of her people's land, looking out to Neverland's never ending sky. The rosy pink sky battled the dark midnight blue of the night. As the fight raced on, a line of clear blue appeared between the two opposing colors for just a moment. Then the fight continued on, but that flash of clear blue made Tiger Lily's heart ache. The clear blue reminded her of Hook's sky blue eyes. He had been gone for months. She knew his journey wouldn't be quick, but she was worried about him. It shouldn't have taken him this long. Honestly though, she missed him. She didn't understand why she missed him so much. She barely knew him. In fact, at first glance she believed that he was a dishonest, untrustworthy, coward. Yet, at every turn in their journey, she saw a glimpse of a very different man. He wasn't a coward, he was just afraid to get close to people then lose them. He was dishonest, because he was willing to do anything to protect those close to him, even if it was wrong. He wasn't untrustworthy, because at the end of the day, when you needed him most, he was there. He saved her life, and every time their eyes met her heart stopped. She wished to know why. \"Hey Lily!\" Peter excited yell brought Tiger Lily's mind to the present. The sun had fully risen, making the sky a golden yellow. There was no trace of the war the sun had fought to rise. Tiger Lily looked towards Peter as he flew to her, a fairy by his head. \"Yes Peter?\" Tiger Lily said calmly. Peter floated in front of her lightly. He never liked staying in the tribal territory for long. She could understand. Ever since the chief's death, the tribe had been less friendly to outsiders. While she understood her tribe's wariness of outsiders, she still wished that they would treat Peter with a little more respect. \"So I was thinking, since we've trained a lot this week I should test my fighting, at the mines?\" Peter gave a hopeful and charming smile. Tiger Lily wasn't swayed. \"No. The mines hide too many pirates.\" Tiger Lily said sternly. Even though Blackbeard was dead, there were still pirates in Neverland. Hook had been doing a good job of rounding most of them up, but his absence meant that the pirates had more freedom. They were starting to hunt for the pixum again. She wanted to lead a small patrol group again, but Kwahu and the Council wouldn't let her. So she did it herself, stopping anyone who got too close. She refused to see another Blackbeard rise up. \"Not that many. Plus they're all afraid of the boy that killed Blackbeard. It would be easy picking.\" Peter said confidently. Tiger Lily glared at Peter. \"People are beginning to call the miners pit Pirates Cove.\" Tiger Lily said bluntly. Peter just waved her off. \"What people?\" Peter challenged. Tiger Lily held in an eye roll. She loved Peter like a brother. That love also gave Peter an ability to test her patentice. \"Your lost boys,\" Peter tried to interrupt Tiger Lily but she barreled through. \"The people from the mines, even my people call it Pirates Cove. It's too risky to go there by yourself.\" As soon as Tiger Lily finished she saw a sparkle in Peter's eyes. \"That's why I said we.\" Peter gestured to himself, the fairy, and Tiger Lily. \"I want you to come with me and Tink. If you come it'll be completely safe.\" Tiger Lily considered Peter's offer. The trip would give her a good idea where the rest of the pirates stood, but it was still too dangerous for Peter. \"Maybe after we train.\" Tiger Lily offered back. Peter groaned immediately. \"Train! We do that all the time!\" Peter yelled exasperatedly. \"But it's-\" tiger Lily began but Peter jumped in. \"Beneficial and my mother would've wanted me to know. I know, I know.\" He huffed. This time he did land on the cliff she was on. He slid down to sit on the ground, his legs dangling over the edge and his arms stretched back. He gazed at the open sky. \"I think I'm ready.\" Tiger Lily observed how Peter's confident face turned into one of sadness. \"You don't think he forgot about us right? He's been gone for a while.\" Peter turned his head to Tiger Lily solemnly. Tiger Lily's heart clenched. He was looking at her the same way he did when he wondered if Mary was proud of him. Tiger Lily sat down beside Peter and looked out at the open sky. Her legs hanging next to his. She gently put her hand over his. \"He asked for you to be trained.\" Tiger Lily confessed. She never told Peter that it was Hook that wanted him to learn how to fight. His mother wanted Peter to live a life of love and peace but she knew he would have to learn to fight. \"He did?\" Peter asked in surprise. Tiger Lily nodded. \"Before he left he wanted to make sure you would be alright. He never forgot you and he never will.\" Tiger Lily said with confidence. Peter chuckled but stayed quiet. Intrigued, Tiger Lily looked at him. There was a spark in his eyes as he smirked at her. \"What are you thinking?\" Tiger Lily asked slowly. \"So here's the deal, you come with me or I go alone.\" The fairy beside him began to ring. \"I mean, me and Tink are going alone.\" Peter corrected. Tiger Lily rose an eyebrow but she couldn't help but smile. He was just like Mary. If she was going to do something, she was going to do it. Whether someone helped her or not. Tiger Lily sighed reluctantly as she stood up. \"If that is the case, I shall accompany you.\" Peter shouted in delight as he jumped into the air. Tiger Lily chuckled at his excitement. \"Are any of your men going to join us?\" \"Nah. Nibs wanted to go, but I needed someone to make sure Ruff and Slightly don't kill each other.\" Peter said nonchalantly as he held out his hand towards Tiger Lily. Tiger Lily chuckled quietly. As more children joined Peter and his gang, Peter had to become a leader. She could tell that he didn't enjoy being one. Although she believed he was a good leader. She grabbed Peter's hand confidently and he took off. \"Make sure you go low enough to avoid the Neverbirds but high enough to easily avoid the trees.\" Tiger Lily warned as she twisted herself to avoid a low hanging branch. \"Don't worry! I got-Whoa!\" Peter swerved to avoid another low hanging branch. Tiger Lily was pulled violently with Peter's doge. \"Sorry!\" Peter laughed nervously. Tiger Lily huffed in response. She always encouraged Peter to fly, even when they were training. It gave him an advantage no one else had. Flying with him was a different story. She didn't like how she had to depend on Peter when he took her places. She trusted Peter with her life. She just liked to have it in her own hands as well. If she died it would be on her terms, not because a boy didn't see the tree in front of him. Although, she did enjoy the flights he took her on. The view was amazing. The whole land of Neverland was open and visible if they went high enough. It made her feel at ease and free. They continued to fly more carefully through the forest, both of his small hands gripping her wrists. Tiger Lily closed her eyes as a serene smile graced her face. \"We're getting close Tiger Lily.\" Peter called down. Tiger Lily saw the cove grow larger as they sped towards it. \"See Lily, no one is here.\" Peter yelled cheerfully. Tiger Lily noticed. No one was in sight at the cove. It was still and nothing moved. Tiger Lily become unsettled. \"Peter, let's turn around. I don't want either of us here.\" Tiger Lily yelled. \"Something's wrong.\" She whispered. \"Oh. come on Lily! We can beat anything.\" Peter yelled back. Tiger Lily was going to tell Peter it might be a trap but she heard something to her right. A net was shot at them from the right. Peter was too focused on looking forward. She didn't have time to warn him so Tiger Lily pulled Peter down. \"Woah!\" A net came towards them but Tiger Lily's pull put them under it as it soared past them. Tiger Lily looked to see pirates loading a cannon with another net. Tiger saw a cliff to their left. \"Peter! Go to the cliff on your left!\" Tiger Lily commanded. Peter swerved there. The pirates noticed and began to move the cannon towards them. Tiger Lily saw some leave the cannon. \"Get ready for a fight Peter.\" \"They won't see what's hitting them!\" Peter sped towards the cliff. Tiger Lily heard another cannon shot. She saw Peter began to look back. \"Look forward!\" Tiger Lily ordered. He nodded and turned his head. Tiger Lily grabbed a knife that was hidden in her boot and twisted herself to throw it at the approaching net. The knife went through the middle of the net, changing its direction slightly. Instead of catching both of them, the net tangled around Tiger Lily's feet. Peter grunted from the extra weight, sinking a little more. Tiger Lily noticed that the cliff was closer and if they timed it right Peter could let her go and they would both safely make it across. Tiger Lily looked back to see the pirates load another cannon. \"Hurry Peter!\" Tiger Lily yelled. \"I'm trying!\" Peter panted. Tiger Lily knew he was. His hands were beginning to get clammy from sweat. Tiger Lily looked at the hill, determining if she could swing herself to the edge. With Peter's speed and slow descent she could possibly make it. \"I'm going to swing forward!\" Peter looked at Tiger Lily in shock. \"Look forward! And let go when I tell you to.\" Tiger Lily ordered. She didn't wait to hear his response before she began to swing forward. Peter was losing grip on her but she didn't focus on that. She needed to make it to the edge. On her third swing back she knew Peter couldn't hold her anymore. \"LET GO.\" Tiger Lily yelled. As she swung forward she felt Peter let go of her. She was falling downwards towards the cliff, her arms by her sides. She needed to be as aerodynamic as possible to make it to the edge but she could tell that nothing she did would get her close. Still as neared it she reached out hoping to grab something. She missed and hit the edge of cliff, knocking the air out of her. For a second, Tiger Lily feared for her life but suddenly a hand grabbed hers pulling her up. She looked to see Hook above her. \"Glad to see me, your highness?\" She heard him ask smugly as he held her. He pulled her up and into his arms, something cold resting against her hip. She glanced down and her eyes widened. Where his hand should've been there was a silver hook. Tiger Lily was curious about what happened but when she saw Hook's eyes she knew something was different. Instead of the sky blue she was used to, they were as hard as ice. There was an odd glint in his eyes. It put her on edge, as he bent down to cut the net off her legs. When he got back up, their eyes met but this time her heart beated faster in fear. She couldn't analyze her feelings, for a bullet whizzed past her and Hook's head. She looked behind him to see pirates nearing them. \"Where's Peter?\" Tiger Lily looked around the cliff, but didn't see him. \"I told him to go into the trees. This way.\" Hook grabbed her wrist roughly and pulled her after him. Tiger Lily opened her mouth to say something but another bullet flew near their heads. She closed her mouth and ran faster. She forced her hand out of Hook's grip. He looked back at her, a flash of something akin to rage flashed in his eyes but he looked forward before she had time to process it. Tiger Lily focused on the enemy after her. She heard some come from the right. She took her axes out and elbowed a pirate that jumped out of the bushes to her right. Another one came out, his gun aimed and ready. Tiger Lily swung her axe down on the gun and punched the pirate in the face with her other hand. She heard another come up behind her with a sword. She turned to deflect it but the pirate's blade caught a bit of her hand holding the axe. The pirate pushed his sword down more, and Tiger Lily leaned back with the push, but she didn't give in. When he began to put his whole body into the push, Tiger Lily dipped to her left. The pirate began teetering forward and she slammed the butt of her axe into his stomach. She came up with a kick to his face. The kick sent the pirate into a tree, rendering him unconscious. Suddenly a big pirate grabbed her from behind and lifted her off the ground. Tiger Lily threw her head back, satisfied when she heard a crack. The pirate yelled in pain and dropped her. She landed on her feet and turned around, prepared to side sweep his legs, but the pirate recuperated faster than she expected. He swung a massive fist at her, hitting her head. Tiger Lily saw the world spin as she flew into a tree. Her body and head slammed into the tree. The pain blinded her while her head felt like it was spinning. Yet, Tiger Lily still got up, using the tree for support. She wasn't going to give up. She heard the big pirate growl as he began to trample towards her. Until a rock landed on his head surprising the pirate and Tiger Lily. \"Heads up!\" Peter yelled as he flew by. Tiger Lily smiled, glad for his timing. Tiger Lily used the pirate's distraction to approach him. She hit his temple as hard she could. A dazed expression came onto the pirate's face. Tiger Lily moved out of the way when he fell forward with a loud thump. \"Huh, it is true. The bigger they are the harder they fall.\" Peter came down behind her. She looked up to see Hook coming towards them from behind some foliage to her left. \"Come on you two! We're going to be ambushed if we stay here!\" Hook grabbed Peter's wrist and pulled him through the foliage. Tiger Lily stood still for a second. She was sure she was ambushed from there and she began to wonder how Hook came from there unscathed. Tiger Lily just shook her head and went after the boys. She heard Peter talking in a clearing and after she went through the thick foliage she saw them sitting in a clearing. Peter was in the air, sitting cross legged, talking animatedly at Hook. Tiger Lily shook her at Peter's silly antics. Then she noticed that Hook was sitting on a rock staring at Peter as he talked. Jealously was in Hook's eyes. It didn't fit the Hook she knew. In fact, even his clothes didn't fit his image. He had torn slick black pants with a torn white long sleeved button-up shirt. He didn't look like the Hook she knew, but a pirate. \"Tiger Lily! You're okay!\" Peter yelled, drawing Tiger Lily's focus from Hook to him. \"I was worried when I saw how hard you slammed into the tree.\" Tiger Lily smiled at Peter. \"I'm alright Peter.\" Tiger Lily's happiness was interrupted when she heard pirates shouting in the distance. \"But we need to get out of here and to a safer place.\" \"What about the faerie mountain?\" Tiger Lily looked back at Hook as he questioned Peter innocently. The unsettling feeling in Tiger Lily's gut was back. \"Nah, my hideout is close, and we'll have reinforcements.\" Peter said nonchalantly. \"Let's go there. But you guys will have to follow me this time.\" Peter smirked. Tiger Lily rolled her eyes at Peter's cockiness, and a thin smile made it on her lips. She followed Peter but noticed that Hook wasn't following them. He was looking back at where they came from. He kept clenching his teeth. Tiger Lily became even more guarded when Hook still hadn't looked back at her. \"What happened?\" Tiger Lily asked, getting Hook's attention. But he glanced at her slowly. \"What happened to your hand?\" Tiger Lily swallowed her worry. Hook glanced at his hook. A harsh grimace came on his face. Tiger Lily almost felt bad for him, almost. \"I had a run in with a crocodile.\" His voice was clipped and as harsh as his grimace. It made Tiger Lily flinch. \"Is that what took you so long?\" Tiger Lily approached Hook slowly. She wanted to comfort him, but something in her wouldn't let her put her guard down. \"No.\" His cold voice made Tiger Lily freeze. \"This did.\" In a blink of an eye, Tiger Lily was staring at a barrel of a gun. Tiger Lily instinctively gripped her axe tighter, trying to calm down the hurt and shock in her. \"I wouldn't move princess.\" Hook sneered. Tiger Lily growled in response ready to attack, until she heard Peter's cries. \"Let me go!\" Tiger Lily's heart sank. Through the corner of her eye she saw another burly pirate come through the foliage holding Peter by his shirt. Peter was fighting as much as he could. \"I'll let you know that my friends are gonna kick your-\" Peter stopped talking when he saw Hook and Tiger Lily. Tiger Lily's hands trembled as she imagined Peter's worried but confused face. \"Hook, what's going on?\" Peter's thick voice almost made Tiger Lily flinch. Instead, Tiger Lily gritted her teeth in pain as pirates gripped her wrists tightly. She let her axe go when she heard a scream and a gasp of pain left her mouth. \"Tiger Lily!\" She heard Peter cry. \"Isn't it obvious Peter? I'm betraying you.\" Hook cackled. One question ran through her head as she glared at Hook's wicked, cold, light blue eyes. Who was James T. Hook? Hook's POV As J moved through the shadows of the trees silently, he began to think about why he was so intent on this prey. It was a one handed coast human, plain and simple, but something in him wanted the coast human dead. Maybe because it was the only thing he knew when he woke up on shore, besides his name. Maybe because he knew the human would taste delicious. Whatever the reason was, J knew that it couldn't be good enough to risk being outside the cavern. Crocodiles never went beyond the cavern. Not even for a delicious smelling meal. It made them too vulnerable. Yet, here he was in daylight in the forest, tracking the smell of coast human blood with a hint of obsidian. It was absolutely crazy. Well, all of the other crocodiles already thought he was crazy. When he met the other crocodiles, his unnatural behavior, like the way he curled up when he slept, and off putting mood made the others suspicious of him. It didn't help that something inside of him kept ticking, annoying them all. So they decided to have him live at the edge of the cavern alone, near the moody mermaids who always stared at him oddly. He didn't mind though. He liked being alone. It made everything easier, especially stalking prey as he was now. A bigger coast human came near J. His lighter murky green scales helped him blend into the trees. He went unnoticed to the coast human. The coast human and a few others ran past him. They were running near his prey. J let out a low growl. He followed the bask of humans till they lead him to a clearing of sorts. The coast humans were surrounding something, most likely their own prey. J smelled the air. There was a lot of the salty blood that was mixed with a foul sour smell. Then J smelled the salty blood with the sharp but subtle smell of obsidian. The smell of his prey. As he got closer to where he expected his prey to be he smelled faerie blood mingled with human blood. It made J hiss in irritation. A coast human looked back towards his hiding spot, so J slithered deeper into the trees. After a while the coast human turned back to whatever he was watching. J let out a breath. The mixed blood made J shiver. J saw that the other crocodiles enjoyed the occasional faerie that ventured out to the cavern. J never did. Something made him cringe when he smelt faerie blood. J shook his head and tried to ignore the smell as he went forward. He began hearing voices. \"Well, technically, I'm making a deal with you.\" The clear gravelly sound of his prey made J smile. He was only a few feet away from his prey. It wouldn't take much to jump in front of the coast human in front of him. The coast human could be a good finish after he caught his initial prey. \"What?\" The high pitched sound came from the being with faerie blood. The way the being's voice sounded made J give a whine. He stopped it quickly when the same coast human turned again. J reluctantly stepped back again. \"What do you keep looking at?\" His prey yelled. It seemed that it noticed the coast human that kept looking at him. \"I-I-I keep hearing weird noises, sir.\" J sensed that the coast human's voice had fear in it. J began to wonder if his prey was alpha of the coast humans. \"Like animal noises and ticking.\" J cursed in his mind. He was used to the ticking by now, so he forgot that when he made noises the ticking was louder. J slithered deeper into the shadows to make sure his ticking was not heard. The coast humans were quiet, their tiny heads searching for a sound. J's prey broke their silence. \"Well, I don't hear anything and,\" Something interrupted his prey with a grunt and a thump. Some of the coast humans near J moved forward. Allowing him to do the same. Then J could smell something floral with a hint of forest. J clamped his mouth tighter when he felt a low throaty growl of pleasure come to his throat. \"Peter, go!\" A soothing voice commanded. J knew it belonged to the flower being, but he was surprised to hear the strength and femininity in the voice. The flower being must have been a female alpha. The floral scent became stronger when he heard and smelt a coast human move. There was a human cry of pain and J realized that the smell was so strong because the floral female was bleeding. Luckily J 's growl was hidden by his prey's cackle. \"You never give up!\" His prey sneered. \"But I must thank you Tiger Lily, for making my offer so much sweeter.\"J prepared to pounce as he heard the floral female struggle. \"I thought we were friends!\" the mixed faerie being yelled. J opened his mouth, his low ticking echoing around him. \"Well, I lied.\" J's prey cackled louder but the smell of human tears made J growl. \"You see Peter, I'm offering you Tiger Lily's life for the location of the faerie mountain.\" That's when J jumped. J had jumped over multiple coast humans. Their yells and screams of surprise hurt J's sensitive ears but he wasn't deterred. As he came down, he clawed the back of a big coast human. His scream of pain and the burst of his salty smelling blood made J realize how famished he was. With a throaty growl and hiss J bit onto the wounded coast human's leg. The coast human squirmed and began to hit him violently, but J chopped down harder. He refused to let go of his meat. There was a boom and something scratched at J's back leg making him let go of the burly coast dweller and roar in pain. J looked towards the coast human that dared hurt him. It was an average sized coast human. J decided that the coast human would do nicely. \"Don't let the boy get away!\" His prey yelled. J quickly turned towards his prey, hitting some coast humans with his tail. His prey was on the ground, bleeding from his forehead, scrambling for a weapon with his only hand. J slowly opened his mouth, his ticking making his prey flinch. \"Shoot it!\" His prey yelled in fear. J prowled towards his prey. Until something went into his leg. J roared in anger and pain. He wheeled around to see the same coast human that hurt him before. This time he didn't let the human get away. J shot towards the coast human's leg and began pulling it into the forest. The coast human's piercing screams annoyed J. When he was far enough from the clearing he let go of the coast human. The coast human attempted to run away but its leg was too damaged. It fell to the floor, panting in fear. J growled in pleasure as he limped towards his meat. A quick bite to its head and the coast human was quiet. The only sound J heard was his ticking as he ate. He would get the one handed coast human someday, but this one was good enough for now.[Chapter 5] A/N: Hello guys! Here's another chapter! Thank you to those who favorited and followed the story! And to the reviewer- CheesePuff- There's always a twist! MUAH HA HA! But here is another chapter! Please tell me what you guys think. So read REVIEW, and Enjoy! Disclaimer: I don't own Pan or the characters of the Peter Pan story. J's (Old Hook's) POV For J, time was a fickle thing. He had a sense of it one moment then it was gone the next. Sometimes he could tell that days had passed when it had been longer, a lot longer. Other times, it felt like years when it had only been days. He hated it. It felt like his mind was ebbing away. As if he was losing a part of himself that he didn't even know he had. That was why he was glad to see the second female child follow the flying faerie boy out of Neverland. The first female child, J remembered her name starting with a Wen or something, came to Neverland a few years after he woke up. At least it seemed like a few years the last time he remembered. When the Wen girl was here, J could feel the days that pass. The way each minute ate at his mind. How he forgot the flying faerie boy's name. How he almost ate a human child. The guilt of that still weighed heavily on him. The only thing keeping him as himself was his hunt for the human with the hook. He was always so close, but his prey always managed to escape. J couldn't help his growl of irritation. He had to catch that hooked human. Before the Wen girl arrived, it had been his longest starving period yet. He only wanted that hooked human. But he knew that it was only a matter of time before his food choices became less, picky. Every time he was around the new girl he felt the same as he did with the Wen girl. J was determined not to let it get so bad that he attempted to eat a human child. Even if it meant stopping his hunt and eating Neverbirds. Neverbirds weren't much for meat or taste, but at least it was something. J huffed the feathers on his mouth away as he watched the sunset. Watching the sunset and sunrise was one of his other habits that made J different from the other crocodiles. That habit was what officially exiled him from the pack, and gave him a nice bite mark by his shoulder. J didn't care, it made sure that he stayed alone. He was comfortable being alone, away from everything. He could still be him, but not worry about anything else, except the ache in his chest. He usually ignored that. The ache was better than the punishment for being different. After he left the others he never expected anyone else to want to be near him. Which was why he was surprised to smell someone else coming towards him. Another sniff of the person's aroma and J could smell a familiar floral scent with a hint of forest and fire, the female alpha. Soon she came into the clearing of the rocks. J expected her to leave as soon as she saw him, but instead he heard her coming towards him. J growled, hoping she would go away. He was very content with his thoughts, for however long he had them. He could smell her scent, even though her footsteps stopped. J could've got up and leave or simply scare her away, but this was his cave. He found it and it was his. So he was allowed to do whatever he wanted, even if it was laying down to see the sunset and let the female alpha come next to him. J realized that this was the first time that he had contact with the female alpha. The flying faerie boy always talked to him. He always put the hooked human in a good trap. J would hear the flying faerie boy's bright laugh as he chased his hooked prey. The human that was always with the hooked human, a male that always smelled of nervousness, also talked with him. Usually distracting him from the hooked human. J was sad to admit that he fell for it, every time. Still, the human he had the least contact with, besides the flying faerie boy's pack, was the female alpha. He only had glanced at her maybe once or twice, not being able to appreciate her because his prey was near by. He remember the last time he saw her was when she was in this cave, caught in a rope trap set by his prey. She smelled of fear but looked anything but fearful. Now, her natural smell was masked by anger and stress. J observed the female alpha as she sat down slowly a few feet away from him, and somehow the ability to breathe left him. She was unlike any other human he had seen or hunted. She had sand colored skin, but it seemed as smooth as pearls. Her hair was as dark as wood with the bright feathers of the Neverbirds braided in. A pink colored powder was over sea blue eyes. Her sharp features enhanced her status as an alpha. J didn't know how to describe it. A sound, J had never made before, reverberated deep in his throat. The female alpha gasped and fear tinted her smell. J looked back to the sun, trying to ignore the odd feeling in his stomach. He never felt the need or want to mate, his hunt for the hook handed coast human was what he lived for. Yet, one glance at the female alpha, and J could suddenly feel the rush of want. The heat of desire. The heaviness of his loneliness. Tiger Lily's POV Tiger Lily heard the crocodile, named Tick Tock by Peter, beside her make a low hum, almost a whimper. The ticking coming from its stomach almost made it funny, almost. Tiger Lily noticed that it wasn't moving nor was it reacting to her presence anymore. It seemed to be lost in thought. Tiger Lily took this time to observe the ticking crocodile that seemed to always be there to save them at the last minute. The crocodile appeared about 40 years ago, when Hook betrayed her and Peter. The ticking giving away its presence as it hunted Hook. Peter almost relied on the crocodile to save him or give him a good laugh by chasing Hook. Peter treated the crocodile like a pet, calling it whenever Hook was nearby. Tiger Lily did have to admit, she could always find a small smile on her face when the crocodile chased Hook. But besides that, she only glanced at the crocodile as she patrolled Neverland. The crocodile would wander aimlessly, as if it was lost. Sometimes it seemed as if it was more lost than some of the children Peter brought. Now that she was close to it, she could see the scars that littered its body, the worse being the bite mark on its shoulder. How its scales shined like dark emeralds in the dimming sunlight. She definitely couldn't help but notice how small the crocodile was. \"You are small for a crocodile.\" Tiger Lily didn't realize that she said that out loud until she heard a low growl within the ticking around her. But fear didn't strike Tiger Lily, a playful nature did. \"Well is it not true?\" The crocodile huffed and angled its head away from her. Tiger Lily chuckled, picturing the pout on the crocodile's face. \"I am sorry for offending you but,\" Tiger Lily was interrupted by an odd sounding snort from the crocodile. Tiger Lily stared at the crocodile wondering if it was choking. Instead it looked at her, and appeared to be rolling its eyes. Tiger Lily gaped. She knew the crocodile was different, but this one seemed to understand her. That's when she realized that she was carrying on a conversation with a crocodile. This made Tiger Lily laugh, but it was a desperate laugh. A heavy silence came over Tiger Lily as she stopped laughing. Somehow, she could feel the crocodile's gaze on her. It helped her open up. \"It must be nice. The world must be so far from your mind, the unchanging need to survive at the forefront of your mind.\" Tiger Lily said wistfully as she stared out at the setting sun. \"In my mind, the world is always unbalanced. There's never any peace, everything changes.\" Tiger Lily sighed. She barely heard the crocodile's hum of agreement. \"My tribe has changed ever since we lost our chief. My father would never have made me marry someone to become chief! I understand the need of heirs, but Peter keeps adding people to the tribe when they get older. Honestly, I could choose one of them as an heir.\" Tiger Lily stood up and started pacing, ignoring the worry and confused look of the crocodile. \"And that is another thing. Peter has this cheery, facade, but every time a lost boy chooses to grow up, he turns them over to the tribe. I'm the only adult he trusts! It doesn't help that the faerie blood in him keeps him young. Nor does Hook's betrayal.\" Tiger Lily growled. She heard the threatening growl beside her. She looked to see the crocodile facing the sunset again but its body was taut, almost like it was going to jump off of the cave's cliff. She wouldn't put it past the crazy crocodile. Part of her was scared, but it was calmed by the part of her that knew that the crocodile's agitation was not at her, but at the crooked pirate. She figured that had to be the case, because when she moved away from the crocodile in fear, the growling stopped. Sky blue savage eyes glanced at her. Tiger Lily gasped, staring at the crocodile's eyes, a sense of familiarity passed through her. After a while, the crocodile huffed awkwardly and turned away from her. Tiger Lily shook her head and sighed, her rage finally gone. Everything had been piling up on her and she had been trying to stay calm, to stay level headed, but it was so exhausting. It grated her nerves that the tribe still called and treated her like a princess to be married off. For the first time in her life, she couldn't relax at home, her lands. She knew Peter would comfort her but she also knew that ever since the betrayal, Peter was acting differently. He was more reckless, mischievous, and worst of all, he was less trusting. She noticed how he rarely touched the ground, or seem to hesitate when he did. How quickly he got rid of the boys that became adults. It really broke her heart to see his youthful innocence tainted by betrayal. To lay out all her problems to him, it would only add on to his hate for adults. So she kept all her worry and anger in, not knowing what to do with it all. She wished Mary was still alive. Something warm and bumpy rubbed against Tiger Lily's leg. Tiger Lily jumped away from the thing that rubbed her leg. Although, she forgot that she was close to the edge of the cliff. When she jumped back, she twisted her foot and began falling over the cliff. Tiger Lily gasped. The murky waters and craggy rocks below looked even more menacing than the time Hook brought her to the cave as a hostage. The memory of being held hostage and the fear of falling froze Tiger Lily. So, she was utterly shocked by how she was slowly moving away from the cliff. Tiger Lily looked to see the crocodile pulling her with its tail around her waist. As it placed her back on solid ground, Tiger Lily was still staring at it with amazement and shock. The crocodile huffed at her, glanced somewhere else, and left quickly. Not even looking back at an awestruck Tiger Lily. She would've never thought that a crocodile was more than a savage animal, but that crocodile, Tick Tock was definitely something more than a regular savage crocodile. \"Tiger Lily!\" Peter's yell unfroze Tiger Lily as she looked to Peter. \"Are you alright? You look positively bashful.\" Peter mocked. Tiger Lily rolled her eyes, but she couldn't stop her last look at Tick Tock's path. \"I think I formally meet Tick Tock.\" Tiger Lily said warily as she turned back to Peter. He smiled brightly at Tiger Lily. \"Well about time! I can't have two of my best friends,\" The yellow light beside Peter rang sharply. Peter laughed and Tiger Lily smiled. \"Sorry Tink, I meant two of my three best friends, not knowing each other.\" Peter laid back nonchalantly in the air. Tiger Lily did have to admit that he was getting better at flying \"You must have a lot of friends, Peter.\" Tiger Lily saw his raised eyebrow, taking her bait. \"Just the other day I heard you tell Jane and Nibs that you were their best friend.\" Tiger Lily let out a chuckle at Peter's quickly embarrassed look but he quickly composed himself. \"What can I say, I'm a friendly person.\" Peter smirked. Tiger Lily rolled her eyes but couldn't help but admit that it was true. She knew that a few lost boys were completely loyal to him. Even choosing not to age just like him. She was glad that he had other friends besides her, but she also knew that he still had a hard time trusting even them. She could see it in his eyes. \"I'm so friendly that I came to share a secret with you.\" Peter said with a playful tone. Tiger Lily rose her eyebrows, waiting for him to tell her his secret. Peter just stared at her with an impish grin on his face as he flew around her. Tiger Lily rolled her eyes once more. \"Alright. Please tell me your secret, oh great Peter Pan.\" Tiger Lily said exasperatedly. Peter floated in front of her and held his chin thoughtfully. \"I am pretty great, aren't I?\" Peter asked Tink. \"Peter!\" Tiger Lily tried to hold in her laugh as she berated Peter but it came through a bit. \"Alright, alright.\" Peter looked back at Tiger Lily. \"So I was in the faerie mountains, hanging out with the faeries since they are my people too. Well, as we were playing, a prophecy came up on one of the mountain walls!\" Peter yelled. Tiger Lily felt her eyes widen. She knew that this was exciting for Peter, but she knew the truth. When a prophecy came, that meant change was coming to Neverland, both good and bad. \"Tiger Lily?\" Peter floated closer to her, landing softly on the cliff. Tiger Lily shook her head. Maybe, the prophecy was one of hope. \"What did it say?\" Tiger Lily tried to hide the apprehension in her voice, but the way Peter's smile fell a little told her that she didn't hide it that well. Peter cleared his throat and closed his eyes. \" A lost boy with the ability of flight Born from a woman warrior of might, And the son of a fairy prince of light, Shall lead a tribe to rebel Blackbeard, And bring to past the end he feared. Evil will reappear for it has not won. A hook will expose what evil has done. A mermaid's tear will lead to a lost son. Only he can restore the good that's lost, But he will have to pay the highest cost.\" Peter opened his eyes and smiled brightly, but Tiger Lily couldn't praise him. The fact that the prophecy continued from the first prophecy terrified her. She lost Mary during the first prophecy. Would she lose Peter this time? \"What's wrong Tiger Lily?\" Peter put a hand on Tiger Lily's arm, dragging her away from her thoughts. Tiger Lily shook her head. \"It's nothing Peter. I was just remembering the last time I heard a prophecy.\" She patted Peter's hand. She wouldn't lose him this time, no matter what it cost. \"The one about me.\" Tiger Lily nodded and was going to tell him that the first part of his prophecy was the same prophecy she was told, when a blood curdling scream rang through Neverland. \"The lost boys!\"[Chapter 6] A/N : I live! And life happens. Thank you guys for sticking with me and favoriting, reviewing, following, and/or reading this. Here's the next chapter. Just One POV this time and things are starting to roll! I hope you all enjoy! Tiger Lily's POV Tiger Lily put up her hands to avoid the small fragments of twigs that whipped behind Peter as he flew through them. She wanted to calm Peter down, to tell him that everything was alright. But the dread in her stomach and the familiar sting of war on her skin told her that nothing was alright. The continuing screaming and shouting of the Lost Boys seemed to echo around her as she ran. She saw Peter's frown deepen with each one. They were getting close to the camp when a bullet flew past her. Tiger Lily took out her axe when an injured Lost Boy, Rufio, fell out of a bush in front of her. A pirate staggered out moments later. Tiger Lily wasted no time and instantly slammed the butt of her axe across the pirate's head. The pirate landed with a thud. Tiger Lily looked up to Peter as he stared down in concern. \"Go, I'll take care of him.\" Tiger Lily ordered. Peter nodded and flew off towards the gunshots and screams. She knelt down next to Rufio. \"Are you alright?\" He nodded and sat up. \"Nibs.\" Rufio grunted. Tiger Lily noticed that his shoulder was bleeding, so he did too. He went to touch it, but Tiger Lily grabbed his wrist. \"Let me take a look.\" Tiger Lily scooted closer to Ruffio as she slowly removed his black jacket. Rufio winced in pain. \"Don't move.\" Tiger Lily gave him a stern glare. Rufio gulped and nodded. Tiger Lily went back to removing his clothing out of her way, but she did try to be a it more careful. \"What happened?\" \"When Jane left with Peter, We all came back to the camp. We were arguing over what to do, when Felix suggested that we let Nibs decided. So Nibs was telling us what to do when a gas bomb was thrown in the meeting place.\" Tiger Lily noticed Rufio's features stiffen. \"I was arguing with Slightly, so I didn't notice.\" Tiger Lily was done with his shoulder and wrapped it tightly, but Rufio was too invested in his story to care. \"The gas knocked some of us out or slowed us down from the pirates that came.\" Rufio's eyes began to water as he gritted his teeth. Tiger Lily eyes widened as her heart sank. She knew Rufio was one of the tougher Lost Boys. If something was bad enough to make him cry, it was bad. \"Hook, Hook took Nibs.\" Rufio grounded out and Tiger Lily gasped. \"We tried fighting for him. But he was gone. Some pirates stayed and fought, that's where we're at now.\" Rufio let his head fall. \"Don't do that.\" Rufio looked up at Tiger Lily, meeting her fierce gaze. \"There are many things we all could have done better. But we're here now, and a warrior never lets their head fall during battle.\" Tiger Lily stood up and held her hand out for Rufio. Rufio took it with his good arm and pulled himself up. They went back into the fight, bursting through the bushes. Tiger Lily took all her anger, all stress, and put it into every swing, every kick, and every dodge. Granted, she found that the pirate stragglers were not the best fighters, and they had terrible aim. She was able to knock out one that was thirty feet away from her and shot at her twice. There were only ten pirates left, so the fight was over quickly. Peter had them rounded all up and tied around the base of a tree. They were all knocked out and Tiger Lily knew that they probably would be for a while. Peter floated down next to her. \"Nibs is gone.\" He stated bluntly. The lack of emotion in his voice scared Tiger Lily. She glanced at him, to see anger burning in his eyes. Tiger Lily frowned. Hook had been getting more bold ever since Wendy showed up. Although, the only pixum left was the faerie mountain. She heard that the last time the miners found pixium was the year before Wendy appeared. That was more than 20 years ago. Hook's age was starting to show. So was his desperation. Honestly, it was at times like this that Tiger Lily believed that the Hook she knew and missed, was long gone. \"I'm going after him.\" Peter turned and began flying away. \"Peter!\" Tiger Lily, and some of the Lost Boys called after him. She reached and barely caught his ankle. Peter glared back to her. \"Let's think about this, please.\" Peter pulled his foot away from her. \"There's no thinking about this! They have Nibs, my first mate! I'm going to get him.\" Peter yelled with a fiery passion. Tiger Lily stepped back, surprised at the authority he used. \"You should listen to the Princess, Peter.\" A tremble of anger went through Tiger Lily when she heard Hook's smooth voice. Before Tiger Lily could even turn around, Peter was already flying past her. \"Why you lying-\" \"Not so fast, Peter.\" Tiger Lily turned to see that Hook had his hooked hand across the newest Lost Boy, Felix's, neck. \"You move, he gets it. And if I don't get to my ship before sunset, my crew has orders to kill your first mate.\" Hook smirked. Peter stiffened as Tiger Lily tightened her grip on her axes. \"Good form, Peter.\" Tiger Lily frowned and scooted closer to Hook. He looked at her, the knife inching closer to Felix's neck. \"You shouldn't move either princess.\" Tiger Lily let out an audible growl. Hook raised his eyebrow. \"Now is that any way for a princess to act?\" \"What do you want you, scallywag?\" Peter mimicked Hook's voice, a talent he had learned through the years. To Tiger Lily it was an useful and odd talent, but she wished he would lessen the use of it for tricks, like now. \"You're getting better Peter.\" Hook chuckled. \"I'm almost proud of you. But I need something from you.\" \"What makes you think I'll do anything for you?\" Peter sneered. Hook sirk didn't leave his face. \"Well, I'm proposing a trade. In one week, give me the lost son and I will give you, your boys.\" Hook nicked Felix's neck. Everyone jumped at Felix's whimper. \"Do we have a deal?\" \"How do you know about that?\" Peter asked in shock. Hook's smile grew wicked as he scanned the Lost Boys. \"I have ears everywhere boy.\" Tiger Lily looked to the Lost Boys. They all had confused looks on their face. But Tiger Lily knew, one of the Lost Boys was a traitor. \"But the specifics doesn't matter. What matters is that you can find me the lost son, and I can give you back your boys. How does a week sound? In one week, find me the lost son and I'll give you your Lost Boys.\" Tiger Lily watched as Peter glared at Hook, Peter's jaw clenching. She knew he was considering the deal, honestly, she would too. \"Two weeks.\" Peter grounded out. \"What?\" Surprise filtered through Hook's eyes but it was quickly replace by anger. \"You are not in a position to negotiate boy.\" Hook sneered. Tiger Lily shifted forward just a bit. \"Nor are you. You can't go anywhere near Mermaid Lagoon, because it's right next to Crocodile Cove.\" As soon as Peter said that, Tiger Lily heard ticking in the bushes next to her. Tick Tock slowly crawled out of the bushes. A low throaty growl echoed within the ticking. Tiger Lily revelled in Hook's apparent fear. Peter snickered as well. \"Better hurry and make a decision Hook, tick tock.\" Hook glanced at the crocodile with hate. A tense silence filled the air. Even Tiger Lily was set on edge by Tick Tock's incessant ticking. Then Hook smirked, at Tick Tock. \"Fine then, two weeks and we'll make a trade. The lost boys for the lost son.\" Hook looked at Peter smirk gone. \"Deal?\" Peter glanced at Tiger Lily and she met his eyes and subtly nodded. \"Deal.\" Peter nodded and flew closer to Hook. \"Now hand over Felix.\" Hook's smirk grew. \"Now that's just bad form Peter, I did say lost boys.\" Hook disappeared into the foliage and Tick Tock followed. \"NO!\" Peter yelled going after them. Tiger Lily wasted no time and followed. \"Peter!\" Although, when she went through the foliage she lost Peter, but saw the red of Hook's jacket. \"Hook.\" She followed him. She could hear Felix's muffled cries as he bounced on Hook's shoulder. Hook looked back at her, and ran faster. Tiger Lily ran faster, gaining on him. Until he turned and went behind a row of trees. Tiger Lily turned to follow, but she tripped and fell to her face. She looked to see a dark tail slither away. \"Tiger Lily!\" Peter landed next to her and held out his hand. \"You okay?\" Tiger Lily took his hand and pulled herself up. Before she could reply they heard gunshots and a loud roar, followed by a blood curdling scream. They glanced at each other before they went through the trees. Tiger Lily gasped, as she saw Tick Tock standing in front of them, blood dripping down into a small puddle of blood underneath him. Some of the blood was probably from the pirate that was hanging from his mouth. She glanced up to see Hook and a small crew of pirates sailing into the distance, Felix on their boat. \"He'll pay for this.\" Peter seethed and began to fly away. \"Peter!\" At the same time she called him, Tick Tock groaned, the pirate in his mouth dropping to the ground with a loud thud. Tick Tock fell to his side, shaking the ground just a bit. Tiger Lily approached Tick Tock. Tick Tock growled at her, savage blue eyes freezing her. The growl died quickly as his gaze became foggy and distant worrying her. \"Is Tick Tock okay?\" Peter landed next to her. Tiger Lily nodded. \"I think so, but I am not sure.\" Tiger Lily bit her lip as she went to touch him. His rough scaly skin felt dry, and reminded her of the bark of trees. It worried her more when he didn't react to her touch. \"Don't you guys have a healer or something?\" Peter asked frantically. He came next to her and began petting Tick Tock. Tick Tock's breathing became heavier. Tiger Lily looked at Peter incredulously. \"Yes we do, but I do not know if she is, knowledgeable in this area.\" Peter stood up at Tiger Lily's statement. He began pacing above the ground. \"We have to try it! Crocodiles aren't that different from humans, and the medicine should help. He'll be okay.\" Tiger Lily stood up slowly. \"Peter?\" Peter ignored Tiger Lily and kept pacing. \"As long as the healer can get him to stop bleeding. Tick will be fine. He'll be back chasing after Hook with me in no time. And I'll have Nibs back and,\" Peter kept pacing, Tinkerbell was fluttering frantically behind him to keep up. \"Peter!\" This time Tiger Lily grabbed Peter's arm, stopping him in midair. Tiger Lily's breath caught at the sight of Peter's watery eyes. She let him go, but didn't turn her gaze away. \"I can't lose another friend today.\" Peter fisted his hands and began to tremble. Tiger Lily hugged him tightly. Despite the years that have gone by, Tiger Lily knew that Peter was still a 14 year old boy. That was one disadvantage of the pixum's longevity. He went through many things, as a child, he felt things as a child, he thought as a child, but he had to be a leader too. Tiger Lily did not envy Peter. \"You won't.\" Tiger Lily said as he hugged him. She let go of him, reluctantly, but got to his eye level. \"We'll take him to the healer. Use Tinkerbell to help you carry him there. Follow me.\" Peter nodded at Tiger Lily's orders. Tiger Lily let Peter go and stood up. She smiled and ruffled Peter's hair as he wiped his eyes. She saw that Tinkerbell had already covered Tick Tock in dust. Tick Tock began floating in the air, only making a low whimper at the change of movement. Peter flew up to Tick Tock and began petting him. \"Let's go.\" Tiger Lily ordered before she ran into the forest. She only kept her destination in mind, only glancing behind every once in awhile to make sure Peter was following her with Tick Tock. She ran as fast as she could, yet the sense of urgency wasn't fulfilled. She ran till her legs hurt and her chest thrummed to her drumming heartbeat. When she bursted through the trees hiding her tribe, she felt every eye on her. She stopped, panting as she observed the scene before her. Night had come and the tribe had light a bonfire. A feast was being held that night to thank the gods for the recent victory against the pirates. \"I don't think he can, take much more.\" Peter's statement died down as he burst through the trees, Tick Tock in front of him. Silence overcame the tribe. Kwahu stood up and went over to Tiger Lily. \" What is the meaning of this?\" Kwahu ordered in the native language. Tiger Lily stood straighter, not letting Kwahu intimidate her. \" He needs help.\" Tiger Lily stated, gesturing to Tick Tock. Tiger Lily saw Kwahu glance at Tick Tock and his expression soften a bit, till he saw Peter. \" And him?\" Tiger Lily knew that that was the true problem. Her tribe didn't have a problem helping animals, but foreigners, including Peter, were another story. \" Is his friend.\" Tiger Lily growled. \"He is connected with the animal.\" Tiger Lily looked at Peter. \"Set him down and step back.\" Peter glared at her. \"Trust me.\" Peter huffed and did as she said. Tick Tock didn't make a sound as he was set on the ground but he did squirm a bit. Peter and Tiger Lily stepped away from Tick Tock. Allowing Kwahu, and others that he gathered, to see Tick Tock. They began to near Tick Tock, when he rolled over to a standing position, tail swinging violently behind him. He growled at everyone, his own blood dripping from his mouth. Everyone gasped in shock or horror, backing away from Tick Tock, except for Tiger Lily and Peter. Peter went towards Tick Tock and Tiger Lily watched, the blurriness in Tick Tock's eyes making her anxious. \"It's okay boy! You're safe.\" Peter called, trying to touch Tick Tock. Tick Tock looked at Peter, and pounced. Tiger Lily grabbed Peter, pulling him out of the way. Tick Tock dropped to the ground with a loud thud. Silence echoed in the area. Tiger Lily stood with bated breath as she observed Tick Tock's shallow breathing. She finally noticed that Tick Tock's gray-green skin was stretched and sagged. His small size wasn't natural, but it was from hunger. The tribe warriors, lead by Kwahu, now approached Tick Tock with spears. \" We charge on my command!\" Kwahu ordered. Tiger Lily stepped forward. \" No.\" Tiger Lily stood in between Kwahu and Tick Tock. \" Out of my way.\" Kwahu growled. Tiger Lily crossed her arms, and stared at Kwahu. \" Get Luyu and I will move.\" Tiger Lily ordered. She knew Tick Tock was dangerous in his current state, but she owed him. So she would stand up for him, even if it cost her, her tribe. But before Kwahu could do or say anything else, Luyu came forward from the crowd. \"That is enough.\" Luyu said in accented English. She was an elderly woman with long shining silver hair in two braids adorned with colorful beads and feathers, just like her brown robe. She was the tribe's healer as she was sister to the late chief. Tiger Lily would remember the tales Luyu told of her youth. Tiger Lily's favorite was the one where Luyu rode a Neverbird. Tiger Lily went to her immediately and offered her support. Luyu took it gladly. Tiger Lily walked with Luyu to Tick Tock, until Kwahu stood in their way. Her grip on Luyu tightened but Luyu gently patted Tiger Lily, calming her. \" They brought a wild animal to our lands, threatening us all.\" Kwahu yelled as he gestured toward Tiger Lily, Peter, and Tick Tock. Tiger Lily stood still and admired how Peter did the same. Luyu left Tiger Lily's side and went to Tick Tock. \" And your blinding anger will make us unkind to our ill allies.\" Luyu chided. Kwahu looked away in shame and stepped out of Luyu's way. Luyu made her way to Peter. \"You have your mother's spirit in your eyes.\" Tiger Lily's heart swelled at Luyu's gentle statement and the way Luyu softly caressed Peter's cheek. Peter swallowed and nodded. \"Thanks.\" Peter whispered. Luyu nodded and went to Tick Tock. Tiger Lily stiffened as Tick Tock growled lowly. \"Shh,\" Luyu slowly put her hands on Tick Tock's snout and started to pet Tick Tock. He became silent. Luyu stood there petting Tick Tock, eyes closed. Then she started humming. Tiger Lily could feel the spirit's power in the air. Luyu began chanting and started to rub a purple powder on Tick Tock's head. Tiger Lily was surprised to hear a chant to call on the spirits for remembrance and the smell of the rare fish oil from the flying fish. Luyu called Tinkerbell to her and Tinkerbell went. Tiger Lily looked to Peter but he was just as amazed as she was. To see Tinkerbell follow someone else's orders beside Peter's, was rare. Tiger Lily knew how petty and rebellious Tinkerbell was. Tiger Lily also knew that no one cared for Peter as much as Tinkerbell did. Tinkerbell flew around Tick Tock's head. Tick Tock huffed at the access pixum from Tinkbell, but he didn't react violently. Luyu stopped Tinkerbell and she went back to Peter's shoulder as Luyu continued her chant. Her chant changed to one of healing as Peter and Tinkerbell began to whisper to each other. \"What was that about?\" Peter whispered as quietly as he could but Tiger Lily still heard him. There was soft tinkling sounds from Tinkerbell and Peter's eyes widened. \"What?\" He said loudly. Luyu didn't stop her chanting, but Tiger Lily glared at Peter. He looked down sheepishly and rubbed his neck. Luyu's chanting began to quiet down as she started to bandage Tick Tock's wound. Tiger Lily approached Luyu, not even glancing at anyone else for approval. She knelt next to Luyu and gave her everything she needed. Before Mary had come to their village, Luyu was Tiger Lily's mentor. Tiger Lily watched as Luyu bandaged wounded warriors, healed sick children, or cleaned the hunters' meat. After a while, Tiger Lily herself, began to treat wounded people as her father and Luyu watched proudly. Despite that being long ago, when Luyu gave her that gentle smile that meant she had done well, she felt giddy. \"Is he okay?\" Peter had come up next to her, kneeling closer to Tick Tock his hand out. Tiger Lily nodded. \"The bleeding has stopped, and he should be fine by morning.\" Tiger Lily said softly as she gently petted Tick Tock's dry scaly skin. Peter joined her and Tiger Lily almost thought Tick Tock hummed in satisfaction, but she shook her head of that notion. \"Come you two.\" Luyu ordered Tiger Lily and Peter. \"It has been a hard day for all. Rest is needed.\" Tiger Lily nodded but she felt the energy around Peter circulate. \"I can't.\" Peter replied quickly. \"The boys will be worried. But thanks for helping Tick Tock. See you guys tomorrow.\" With that Peter was off. Tiger Lily barely had time to wave goodbye. She sighed, knowing that Peter was really looking for some alone time. Ever since Wendy, he had been going off to be alone more and more. It worried Tiger Lily, but Tinkerbell always made sure to give Tiger Lily some sign that Peter was not doing good. She hoped this wouldn't become one of those times. \" Give it time, my dear.\" Luyu placed a hand on Tiger Lily's shoulder, gaining Tiger Lily's attention. \"Nature will always balance itself if we give it time to.\" Tiger Lily smiled and patted Luyu's hand. \" I know, Aunt Luyu. I am just,\" Tiger Lily sighed and glanced at Tick Tock. Today, Peter almost lost his best friend and another. She wondered if nature balanced itself by taking away the things they loved. Luyu squeezed her shoulder. \" Tigers may be the strongest creature, but even they must bend to nature.\" Luyu warned before turning to go to dinner. Tiger Lily kept her eyes on Tick Tock. His breathing was back to normal and he seemed at peace, unlike her. Hook had Peter's best friend. Hook wanted to trade in their only hope to get rid of him, for Peter's best friend. She knew the most logical choice was to not do the trade, but that wouldn't be acceptable to Peter. Yet the biggest issue at hand was finding the lost son, whoever he might be. Tiger Lily sighed and uncrossed her arms, accepting defeat for, now. With one last pet to Tick Tock's forehead, she was sure he leaned into her touch that time, Tiger Lily left her worries behind and went to dinner.[Chapter 7] A/N: So, I am alive. Thank you all for still keeping up with me if you have. I am trying to be a finisher. So, thanks for supporting me and encouraging me to be just that. You guys are awesome. Disclaimer: I do not own Pan or the characters (but Luyu is my OC!) J shuffled, trying to ignore the sound of human chattering. Then he felt a sharp pain on the right side of his stomach, stopping his movement. He held in a growl. He could sense that he was in a different environment. His cave wasn't as bright and it never smelled so much like meat. Then there was the case of the constant human chatter. J opened one eye, and almost whined. He was definitely not in his cave. His perfectly dark, haunting cave was replaced with warm bright fire light. \"Do not worry.\" J's eyes opened wide at the unfamiliar voice. He turned to see a female human with a weathered face and silver hair. \"You are safe.\" She began to wipe his brow with a wet rag. He growled at her, and she simply smacked him with a rag. \"Stop that. I am healing you, and I will not accept childlike manners.\" J huffed in irritation but he didn't move when she went towards him again. \"You have been through alot.\" The female's gentle voice was soothing, but J still didn't let himself relax. \"But the pain never mattered to you, did it?\" The female stopped what she was doing and stared into J's eyes. J realized that the female was talking to him. Not like the beautiful alpha female, this female was addressing him as if he was one of her kind. J felt a pang deep in his chest and looked away from the female, trying to find something to track. \" He is not a danger!\" J stiffened. He recognized the angry voice as the voice of the alpha female. He didn't understand her words, but he knew she was angry. Even her flowery scent smelled more fiery. \" He almost killed two of our men!\" J heard a male voice he didn't recognize, but it wasn't a coast human. Their salty stench wasn't mixed in with the smell of wood, fire, and nature. \" Maybe he felt threatened!\" J felt the other female resume her previous work, but he focused on the alpha female. \" Or hungry!\" J knew that whatever the anger was for, it had to do with the male trying to challenge the alpha female. \"They are arguing about you.\" J glanced back at the weathered female. She was wiping him, her eyes on him, but he could tell by her furrowed brow, she was listening to the conversation outside. \" Kwahu, he has saved my life many times.\" J curled his claws inward. It was odd to hear an alpha beg. The crocodile alpha, Seer, never begged, or asked anyone to do anything. Granted, J only met the crocodile once. \" He almost killed three of us yesterday! And he is friends with that outsider.\" J didn't know what the male said exactly, but somehow he knew that if he did the man speaking would be dead. \" Peter is a hero, and a child! How can you still blame him for Blackbeard's doing?\" J could sense the female alpha's irritation grow to rage. The old female stopped caring for J's wound and stood up with a sigh. \"Guess now is time to stop this foolishness.\" J just huffed in response to the female, not sure why she was talking to him. She left the area, still staying close. \"Stop. You are worrying our guest.\" \"He is no guest.\" J growled and stood up, and fell back down. He hissed loudly. Suddenly, three humans came into his new area. Although it was the young female alpha that approached him. \"Tiger Lily!\" The male roared, but the female alpha, Tiger Lily, still came towards him. J scooted away from her, not in pain but fear. Something about that female made him uncomfortable, and different. Before he could guard himself from those different feelings but something was off now. He could feel it. \"It's okay.\" Tiger Lily said calmly. J stopped backing away, and she kept coming towards him. J felt something in his throat as he found out he was cornered. He just wanted to be left alone. He wasn't supposed to be here, he wasn't supposed to be surrounded. She wasn't supposed to be touching him. \"No.\" Everything stopped at that sound. The sound was extremely raspy and quiet. J didn't even notice the human's stares or the weird feeling in his throat because he felt the thin wall at his back. He slammed his tail through the wall and ran. Except he was above the ground. That didn't register until he was falling past the rails. He heard screaming and yelling, but the cracking of wood almost deafened him. The landing hurt, there was a sharp ringing in his ears, and the burning in his throat hurt more. He felt like he was changing, and he hated it. He rolled over to stand up, the world shaking underneath him. At least it looked to be spinning and shaking in front of him. There was more yelling and a rope came around him. He pulled against the rope but it tightened around him. He was stuck as more rope came around him. He let out a roar but a raspy sound came out at the end, like a human yell. J knew he had to get out, but he couldn't. \"What's going on?\" A young voice J recognized came from the trees. \"Fairy boy?\" J heard that raspy sound again, voicing his thoughts. It unnerved him to see the blue-eyed boy look at him with such wide eyes. Two other boys came from the bushes, a tough looking one with black and red hair, and another blonde boy with gangly limbs. \"Tick-Tock?\" The fairy boy questioned as he flew near J. J ignored him and struggled with the ropes around him. He pulled but the ropes tightened around him, pushing him to the ground. He let out a grunt of pain. \"Stop!\" Peter and the other boys went behind J, their anger filling his nostrils. That's when J noticed all the fear and anger. The boys, kids really, were fighting the people holding him down but that didn't seem right. It made his skin crawl and his claws curl. Then the smell of blood hit his nostrils. Usually, it made him hungry. Now, there was this pain in his chest. The ropes were loosened, and he could've run, probably should've ran. But he couldn't let the anger in the fairy boy's eyes and the concern in Tiger Lily's go. He had to pay them back. J let out a groan, that sounded more human in his ears and turned around. The boys were taking the ropes away from the less clothed humans, or cutting the ropes. Tiger Lily was yelling at whoever she could, mainly the male from before. Everyone was shouting or fighting, or just like him, they were watching. They were watching as two supposed allies fought. J never got involved in things, he never wanted to. He prefered stealth, blending in, and only came out when it was necessary. For some reason, his mind was telling him it was one of those necessary moments. \"Stop!\" J roared, but it was a human roar. Everything and everyone froze. All eyes were on him. J would've felt threatened by the numerous of stares, but he was too shocked to do anything. \"W-what?\" This time, J felt his vocal cords and mouth move like a human's. He was talking. He was talking, like a human. \"Tick-Tock?\" The fairy boy flew to him slowly. J looked to him. He could still smell the mixed blood within the boy. He could feel the dirt underneath him. It was real, not one of his odd dreams. \"Tick-Tock?\" The boy was just an arm's reach from him. \"J.\" J whispered. The boy's eyes widened. He heard him. J wanted to jump for joy. \"J, my name is J!\" J gasped. \"You can talk!\" The boy yelled happily as he came forward and tackled J. J stood his ground, but his head was still reeling. He felt, normal. As if, he was supposed to talk, he felt less locked up. \"What is this?\" The male that Tiger Lily was arguing with came forward, a sword pointed at him. \"No crocodile can speak!\" He yelled. \"And a real alpha wouldn't need to fight a female and children to say he's alpha.\" J smirked. It was exhilarating to finally say what he was thinking. It was even better when the male's face scrunched up in anger. \"Why you-\" \"Kwahu!\" The elderly female yelled as she hobbled to the front. She hit the male, Kwahu, with her cane. J smiled and held in his chuckle. The fairy boy didn't. He laughed loudly and Kwahu glared at him. \"I think everyone can relax now.\" The elderly female looked around at everyone and they put their weapons down, the small males didn't. \"I think we're good guys.\" Peter stood up and nodded to one of the boys with black and red hair. J remembered him the fierce fighter from his hunts of the hooked coast human. The memory was clear and the relief from that almost overwhelmed him. The boy slowly put his weapon down glaring at everyone. Everyone watched the temperamental warrior. No one was looking at J. So he started to back away, ignoring the pain in his side. \"And where do you think you are going?\" The elderly woman spoke to him and J froze. Honestly, he could probably crawl away faster than anyone could catch him, granted it would hurt, a lot. But he could do it, be gone in a flash, but with everyone looking at him, he felt frozen to the spot. \"Um,\" His voice was still a bit raspy, but that was more comfortable than all the wide eye stares on him. \"We're not killing each other now, right?\" No one moved, but the elderly woman smiled. \"Well, if we're done, then I think I'm just gonna,\" J started to back away again, but this time the pain in his side was worse and a weird grunt growl escaped his mouth. \"Tick Tock!\" The faerie boy tried to get close to J, but he let out instinctive growl. \"I told you to stop that.\" The elderly female reprimanded J, and hit him with her cane. J let out a soft whine. \"Well what did ya expect lady? I ain't human.\" J gruffed out. He curled into himself, but not in pain. The faerie boy and Tiger Lily were staring at him, eyes wide, and something he couldn't read or understand was in their eyes. It was uncomfortable, to say the least. \"How is this possible?\" Kwahu stomped forward. J held back his growl. \"Those monsters could never talk.\" He looked to the elderly woman, but J noticed the angry glances at Tiger Lily and the faerie boy. \"Yet here you are.\" J mumbled. He heard the boy chuckle and saw Tiger Lily's eyes widened as a quick but bright smile flashed on her face. \"Why you-\" J tensed as Kwahu came forward again, but was stopped by the elderly woman's cane. \"You go against him, you go against the magic of the faeries.\" The elderly lady stated harshly. Kwahu relaxed, but the shock on his face almost made J laugh. \"This, thing,\" Kwahu gestured toward J. \"Is the product of the faeries.\" He instantly glared at the faerie boy. \"\"What did you do?\" He sneered. \"Peter did nothing wrong.\" Tiger Lily stood between Kwahu and the faerie boy, Peter. The name felt, familiar to J. \"Why must you always assume it is him?\" Tiger Lily's fierce voice woke J up from the odd feeling. \"Because it was him that got our last chief killed!\" Kwahu yelled and the pain that flashed on Peter and Tiger Lily's face made something primal surge through J. \"No!\" J growled and crawled between Tiger Lily and Kwahu. Kwahu jumped back and the humans beside him lifted their weapons. For once, J didn't care. He was too angry. \"You can't blame the kid for that. He decided to protect Peter and paid the price. Just like you'll pay the price if you don't shut your trap.\" J was too angry to focus on all the stares directed at him. He was only focused on Kwahu. \"Got it?\" J sneered. \"Calm down.\" The elderly woman ordered. J glanced at her, staring straight into her stern eyes. He couldn't stop how his eyes went straight to Tiger Lily and Peter. They looked shocked, and he could smell the apprehension coiling in their bodies. So while he enjoyed the fear that came from Kwahu, J backed down. \"It is late and our guest needs his rest.\" As soon as the woman finished, J felt his body almost crumple beneath him. He dug his claws into the ground to resist showing weakness. \"Let us all get some rest and we will discussing this in the morning.\" It was silent for a few minutes and soon Kwahu nodded. J didn't miss the glares Kwahu gave him and Peter. If he growled, it was because he hated people looking at him, not the sudden urge to protect something, to care. His job was to survive, not to care. Ever since he was kicked out, his goal was to survive and kill that hook man. All he had time for was anger and hunger, he understood those things. They made him sane. Yet, as he gazed at Peter and Tiger Lily comforting each other, he realized maybe the thing keeping him sane was the presence of them. \"You can sleep here.\" The elderly lady's order brought J out of his thoughts. He looked to her gentle face. \"What, no bed for little ol' me?\" He quipped. The old lady rolled her eyes and he noticed how Tiger Lily adorably hid a giggle. \"We can take you to our hideout!\" Peter offered excitedly. J let out a low rumble, his version of a chuckle. He was glad to see that Tiger Lily and Peter were not scared of him. \"The biggest thing about a hideout is that it's secret, kid.\" J said as he lowered himself to the ground. \"I'll be fine out here. I'll be fine.\" He said slowly as his eyes fluttered close. He didn't hear anything else as he closed his eyes and welcomed sleep. ","Summary":" A/N: Hey Everyone! This was a plot bunny that would never leave after watching Pan, which I thoroug"},{"Movie":"Hackers","Title":"Guillotine","Author":"nights-ether","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1956066","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer:Indon't own the movie Hackers or any of it's characters. Or CYberdognDone for fun enjoy! I do not condone killing sprees-or murder of anynkind. I want to know people are reading this story and enjoying it sonreview, any mistakes i made,something you want to happen-just tellnme. AN:Thanksnfor reading this and for everyone who has read and reviews. I'll trynto keep updating this but meanwhile I wrote in extra things.nHopefully this'll make the story better. DadenMurphy,alias Crash Override, was hanging out at Cyberdelia-watchingnhis friends and girlfriend trying to best each other at pool. It wasnthree weeks after the Ellington trial and Dade, like the rest ofnthem, were estatic that Plague and Margo got what they deserved.nStill unlike his friends he just wasn't happy. \"Dude,dude.nCan you believe Plague's name is Eugene?Eugene Belford man,\"nLord Nikkon said as he came over-booted out of the game because ofnhis photographic memory. He looked at a girl wearing skin tightnblack pants and a tight, long sleeve shirt with holes cut out at thenside. Licking his lips he motioned for her to give him her number. \"You'renname is Paul. Paul Cook,\" Dade said-lifting his face from hisnarms long enough to see that Nikkon was wearing something fromnCyberdog. \"So you finally gave in to Kate.\" Nikkonnlooked the young man, not even a man. A kid. Probably one of the bestnminds he had ever had the pleasure of meeting. It amazed him thenintelligence and cunning of this kid. Yet now when he should havenbeen celebrating he was moping around, hardly returning anyone's callnand perhaps never leaving his room. Still, he understood. He had beennthat way when he was his age but back then he had a father that wouldnmake sure that he got his ass out of bed and worked. Dade'snfather didn't even show up for his graduation or the trial. \"Heynman,\" Nikkon said sitting down across from Dade. \"I let herndress me this way. Because she's nice.\" \"Deviousnis more like it.\" \"Who'sndevious,\"Kate said as she returned victorious to Dade's lap.nWearing a latex, backless, blue suit that defined her voluptous yetnathletic figure, Kate was the quintessential girl of Dade's dreams. \"Younare ,\"Dade replied awarding her with a peck on the cheek. \"Devious?Inprefer sexually manipulative,\" she said as she returned his pecknwith tongue. \"Thatntoo.\" \"Awwnso cute,\"Nikkon said sarcastically. \"Now Dade, dude what'snup man?You haven't been returning my calls. We haven't seen you.\" \"Andnthat goes for all of us. I haven't heard from you either.\" Katensaid, looking at his profile. From the first time she she saw him, heninfuriated her and he never stopped. Though she admired hisnintelligence and ingénue she couldn't help feeling like shenwanted to drop kick him off a high building. Probably the one theynswam in on their first date-to make it perfect. \"Indon't know what you're talking about,\" Dade said sitting upnstraight,just staring without blinking. \"Stopnbeing defensive we're not attacking you,\" Phreak said, grabbingnhis fries away from Cereal's hungry hands. \"Defensive?Who'snbeing defensive? I know I'm not.\" \"They'renjust worried about you,\"Kate said. \"And so am I.\" \"Mannwe're all worried about you,\" Cereal said. \"It's like younshould be happy and celebrating you know. Getting it on with Burn.nOw! Skin rubbing, sweating and panting...\" \"Cereal!\"Nikkonnyelled. \"What he means is you should be happy man! Jumping upnand down! Or whatever it is you do.\" \"That'snwhat it I said!\" \"MannCereal shut up and have some fries,\" Nikkon said as he grabbednPhreak's fries and handed them to Cereal. \"Heynthat's mine!\" Phreaknreached for his fries but he was too late. Cereal grabbed all thenfries and stuffed them in his face. \"Nice,nvery nice. Maybe you should try chewing. You look like a damn stork,\"nPhreak said to Cereal. \"MMMMMnMMMM those fries were goood,\" Cereal said smacking his lipsninches away from Phreak's face. \"Ohnthat's it you crazy white boy!\" \"Guys!nI'm trying to talk to Dade here,\" Nikkon yelled. \"Sorry,\"Phreaknsaid sitting down, slapping Cereal on the back of his head. Cerealnlicked his lips and fingers. \"Henstarted it,\" Cereal said. \"Yeah,nI don't care,\"Nikkon replied. \"So Dade. Talk to me. You arenhappy about Plague and Margo getting locked up and the whole worldnknowing we aren't bad people.\" \"Yeahnof course.\" \"Thennwhat's bothering you?\" \"I...Indon't know!\" After his experience when he was seven and thenfiasco months before Dade had come to hate being interrogated. Rightnnow he felt backed in a corner. His friends and even his girlfriendnwere attacking him and he wasn't going to stand for it. \"Calmndown.Just asking a question.\" \"That'sneasy for you to say. You know what?I got to go,\" Dade saidngetting up and grabbing his bag. \"It's been fun. But thenninterrogations always are. See ya.\" \"Dade!\"nKate called. \"What'snwrong with him,\" Joey asked, breaking his concentration from hisnnew laptop long enough to ask. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- \"Dadenis that you,\" Dade's mom,Lauren asked from somewhere in theirnapartment. \"Yeahnma.\" Dade took off his shoes and kicked them in the living room.nHe slammed his bag on the couch, scattering the contents over thenliving room. \"Sonwhat are you doing here? Did Cereal eat all the food in Cyberdelianthus forcing you to eat your mother's crummy cooking,\" Laurennsaid coming from her room. She looked at the mess and her baby boy.nHe was in one of his moods again. She attributed it to being anteenager but there were times when she wanted to smack him. \"Yeahnma and all the rats mysteriously disappeared so no option ofnbarbacue.\" \"OhnDade,Kate called. She said to call her back So,\" Lauren saidnfacing her son with herni-know-there's-something-wrong-so-just-tell-and-i-won't-make-it-painfulnlook. \"So,\"Dadensaid. \"Carento talk about it?\" \"Hmm,nlet's see. Talk about my love life with my nagging,but beautiful momnand possibly scar myself for life-consequently turning me into anserial ax murderer or go to my room and sleep. I'll take sleep forn1000 Alex,\" Dade said heading to his room. \"Finenthen, suit yourself. But if you die lonely, surronded by cats, nevernonce banging a girl-don't blame me.\" \"Ma!\" \"That'snwhat you young people call it now right? When I was younger we callednit getting laid.\" \"That'snnice ma, why don't I go on a killing spree now huh?\" \"AlrightnDade, be sure to be home before 3. Oh and if you happen to swing bynthe houses of the board of directors from my job, give them a hellonfrom me.\" \"Surenma.\" \"Younknow Dade, I bet Kate would love to hear about this.\" \"Nicentry ma but I don't feel like talking to anyone right now.\" \"Oh?ThennI must be pretty special.\" \"Thendoctors call it insane.\" \"Wellnthen, if I'm insane I guess I should call Kate and tell her you'renhere.\" \"Ma!I'llncall her alright.\" \"That'snall I wanted to hear. Goodnight.\" \"Goodnightnmom.\"[Chapter 2] \"Alrightnthen. Well I have to ask him first. No eighteen year old likes to benordered around by their mother. Well if he doesn't want to talk tonyou then you know why.\" LaurennMurphy walked to her son's room and knocked lightly at first. \"Dade,\"nshe called. Hearing no answer she opened the door to find her sonnslumped over his computer. The curtains were drawn, making the roomncompletely dark except for the monitor of her son's computer givingnhim a garish cast. Rollingnher eyes she turned on the light, and yelled \"Come to the light!\" \"Hownabout I don't ,\" she heard her son mutter. \"Thennyou'll burn in hell.\" Noticingnthe malevolent tone of his mother's voice Dade woke himself up andnstretched. Turningnto his mother he said \"Why hello you angel of the morning.\" \"Notnmorning, afternoon and here is your father on the line.\" Lookingnaround the room, barely masking her look of disgust at the half eatennfood and bowls of dried food, forming mold on them. \"And clean yournroom when your done.\" \"Yesnmy liege.\" Dade waited until his mother was out of his room beforentaking the phone to his ear and saying \"Yeah?\" \"Isnthat anyway to speak to your father?\" he heard his father andnsomeone else. Someone giggly. Often times Dade would be surprised henwas still able to recognize his father's voice. \"It'snthe way I speak to someone who missed my graduation and court date.\"nDade said hoping that the man who missed most of his life would feelnguilty. But probably not. His father had already written him off as ancriminal. \"Well,nI'm sorry about the graduation. I was very busy.\" \"Ohnreally? Was it with giggly I hear?\" Dade'snfather chuckled. \"Oh you mean Heather. No. Heather is a new thing.nAnyways I wanted to invite you, to express how sorry I am at missingnyour big day to my new house on the beach.\" \"Thanksnbut no.\" Dade hung up the phone, disgusted with his father. \"Whatndid you father want,\" Lauren asked her son when he came into thenkitchen, fresh out of the bath. \"Nothingnof importance,\" he said, taking a can of Pepsi from the fridge.nHolding it up so his mom could see he said, \" You know mom, maybenyou should buy something a little bit more healthy to drink. I amnafter all a growing boy and these could kill me.\" \"Ohnreally now? Then I guess I have to buy more of it. Oh by the way,nKate came by when you were sleeping and dropped something off fornyou.\" \"Ohnreally what?' Dade asked curious. \"It'snon the couch. I've got to go and meet some friends. If you couldnplease call me if you're going out or are going to be gone.\" Laurennsaid as she picked up her new brown, leather purse. \"Whatnif I'm going to go have an orgy with thirty super models? Should Incall you then?\" \"Nonbut you might want to after Kate gets done with you. Bye\" Dadenwalked to the couch and saw a cd on the couch. His heart flippednwhen he saw that it was a cd he had giver her on her birthday. \"Wellnwhatever,\" he said as he threw it on the floor. Unable to stay innthe apartment he went to his room, got his back pack and put on hisnskates. Tossing his shoes in his backpack he locked the door andnleft.[Chapter 3] -1Disclaimer:Indon't own the movie Hackers or any of it's characters. Or CYberdognDone for fun enjoy! I do not condone killing sprees-or murder of anynkind. I want to know people are reading this story and enjoying it sonreview, any mistakes i made,something you want to happen-just tellnme. AN:Okaynso this is the redone version . I've kept the original up in casensome prefer that. I do plan on finishing this and I've written annoutline on how I want the story to go. So I want to thank all thosenwho've read the story in the past and to say sorry didn't finishnit sooner . DadenMurphy, alias Crash Override, was hanging out at Cyberdelia-watchingnhis friends and girlfriend trying to best each other at pool. It wasnthree weeks after the Ellington trial and Dade, like the rest ofnthem, wAS overjoyed that Plague and Margo got what they deserved. nThe rich ,bad guys getting what they deserved instead of getting offnor buying their freedom. The system wasn't as corrupt as he thoughtnit was. \"Dude,dude.nCan you believe Plague's name is Eugene?Eugene Belford man,\"nLord Nikkon said as he came over-booted out of the game because ofnhis uncanny ability to win the game without ever missing a shot. Henlooked at a girl wearing skin tight black pants and a tight, longnsleeve shirt with holes cut out at the side. Licking his lips henmotioned for her to give him her number. \"You'renname is Paul. Paul Cook,\" Dade said-lifting his face from hisnarms long enough to see that Nikkon was wearing something fromnCyberdog. \"So you finally gave in to Kate.\" Nikkonnlooked the young man, not even a man. A kid. Probably one of the bestnminds he had ever had the pleasure of meeting. It amazed him thenintelligence and cunning of this kid. Yet now when he should havenbeen celebrating he was moping around, hardly returning anyone'sncall. Still, he understood. He had been that way when he was his agenbut back then he had a father that would make sure that he got hisnass out of bed and worked. Dade'snfather didn't even show up for his graduation or the trial. \"Heynman,\" Nikkon said sitting down across from Dade. \"I let herndress me this way. Because she's nice.\" \"Deviousnis more like it.\" Dade said with a tiny smile remembering theirnfirst date and the fun they had with Agent Gill. \"Who'sndevious,\"Kate said as she returned victorious to Dade's lap.nWearing a latex, backless, blue suit that defined her voluptous yetnathletic figure, Kate was the quintessential girl of Dade's dreams. \"Younare ,\"Dade replied awarding her with a peck on the cheek. \"Inprefer manipulative,\" she said as she returned his peck withntongue. Out of the group, lately she was the only one who could getnhim to hang out with the group and the only one who he didn't chasenout of the tiny apartment he shared with his mother. \"Thatntoo.\" \"Awwnso cute,\"Nikkon said sarcastically, wishng he had his 35 mmnNikon with him in order to capture the somewhat photogenic couple butnpurely for artistic visions as he was working on a new project calledn\"Cyber Loving\". \"So…nhow are you doing in your classes?\" Kate said, looking at hisnprofile. From the first time she she saw him, he infuriated her andnhe never stopped. Though she admired his intelligence and ingénuenshe couldn't help feeling like she wanted to drop kick him off a highnbuilding. Probably the same one they swam in on their first date-tonmake it perfect-poetic as it would be. \"Alright.nNot bad.\" Dade said sitting up straight,just staring withoutnblinking. \"Notnbad?\" Nikkon said incredulousy. \"Man with all the studying you'rendoing instead of celebrating with us, you should be doing better thann'not bad'.\" \"Okaynthen I'm doing great! Fantastic!I'm the smartest man in thenworld!\" Dade said. \"Okay.nThere's no need for the attitude,\" Kate said getting off his lapnand sitting down next to him. \"It was just a question.\" Dadencould feel her eyes searching for an answer she never asked but henknew all his friends were asking themselves and each other. \"Finenthen,\" he heard his girlfriend say at the same time her bagn\"accidentally\" hit his shoulder as she walked away. \"What,\"nDade sharply said to the inquisitive Lord Nikkon. \"Nothing,\"nhe said as he too left Dade alone in the noisy, neon lit club callednCyberdelia. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- \"Dadenis that you,\" Dade's mom, Lauren asked from somewhere in theirnapartment. \"Yeahnma.\" Dade took off his shoes and kicked them in the living room.nHe slammed his bag on the couch, scattering the contents over thenliving room. Hopefully his mother would understand the teenage symbolnfor -leave me alone I've had a crappy day. \"Sonwhat are you doing here? Did Cereal eat all the food in Cyberdelianthus forcing you to eat your mother's crummy cooking,\" Laurennsaid coming from her room. She looked at the mess and her baby boy.nHe was in one of his moods again. She attributed it to being anteenager but there were times when she wanted to smack him. \"Yeahnma and all the rats mysteriously disappeared so no option ofnbarbacue.\" Dade said as he opened the fridge. grabbing a bottlenof soda which he knew his mother bought especially for him. \"Uhnhuh. Oh Dade,Kate called. She said to call her back So,\" Laurennsaid facing her son with herni-know-there's-something-wrong-so-just-tell-and-i-won't-make-it-painfulnlook. \"So,\"Dadensaid as he put back the bottle. \"Carento talk about it?\" his mother said, nonchalantly as she sat onnthe couch and pretended to be more interested n the phone bill. \"Hmm,nlet's see. Talk about my love life with my nagging,but beautiful momnand possibly scar myself for life-consequently turning me into anserial ax murderer or go to my room and sleep. I'll take sleep forn1000 Alex,\" Dade said heading to his room. \"Finenthen, suit yourself. But if you die lonely, surronded by cats, nevernonce banging a girl-don't blame me.\" \"Ma!\" \"That'snwhat you young people call it now right? When I was younger we callednit getting laid.\" \"That'snnice ma, why don't I go on a killing spree now huh?\" Dade said,nnoticing his cup of soda was quickly losing it's fizz. \"AlrightnDade, be sure to be home before 3. Oh and if you happen to swing bynthe houses of the board of directors from my job, give them a hellonfrom me.\" \"Surenma.\" \"Younknow Dade, I bet Kate would love to hear about this.\" \"Nicentry ma but I don't feel like talking to anyone right now.\" \"Oh?ThennI must be pretty special.\" He heard her yell from the livingnroom. \"Thendoctors call it insane.\" \"Wellnthen, if I'm insane I guess I should call Kate and tell her you'renhere.\" \"Ma!I'llncall her alright.\" He said as he emerged from his room to kissnhis mother goodnight. \"That'snall I wanted to hear. Goodnight.\" \"Goodnightnmom.\" Chaptern2: Chapter Two \"Alrightnthen. Well I have to ask him first. No eighteen year old likes to benordered around by their mother. Well if he doesn't want to talk tonyou then I'm assuming you know why.\" LaurennMurphy walked to her son's room and knocked lightly at first. \"Dade,\"nshe called. Hearing no answer she opened the door to find her sonnslumped over his computer. The curtains were drawn, making the roomncompletely dark except for the monitor of her son's computer givingnhim a garish tint to his face. Rollingnher eyes she turned on the light, and yelled \"Come to the light!\" \"Hownabout I don't ,\" she heard her son mutter. \"Thennyou'll burn in hell.\" Noticingnthe malevolent tone of his mother's voice Dade woke himself up andnstretched. Turningnto his mother he said \"Why hello you angel of the morning.\" \"Notnmorning, afternoon and here is your father on the line.\" Lookingnaround the room, barely masking her look of disgust at the half eatennbowls of dried food, forming mold on them. \"And clean your roomnwhen your done.\" \"Yesnmy liege.\" Dade waited until his mother was out of his room beforentaking the phone to his ear and saying \"Yeah?\" \"Isnthat anyway to speak to your father?\" he heard his father andnsomeone else. Someone giggly. Often times Dade would be surprised henwas still able to recognize his father's voice. \"It'snthe way I speak to someone who missed my graduation and court date.\"nDade said hoping that the man who missed most of his life would feelnguilty. But probably not. His father had already written him off as ancriminal. \"Well,nI'm sorry about the graduation. I was very busy.\" \"Ohnreally? Was it with giggly ?\" Dade'snfather chuckled. \"Oh you mean Heather. No. Heather is a new thing.nAnyways I wanted to invite you, to express how sorry I am at missingnyour big day to my new house on the beach.\" \"Thanksnbut no.\" Dade hung up the phone, disgusted with his father. \"Whatndid you father want,\" Lauren asked her son when he came into thenkitchen, fresh out of the bath. \"Nothingnof importance,\" he said, taking a can of Pepsi from the fridge.nHolding it up so his mom could see he said, \" You know mom, maybenyou should buy something a little bit more healthy to drink. I amnafter all a growing boy and these could kill me.\" \"Ohnreally now? Then I guess I have to buy more of it. Oh by the way,nKate came by when you were sleeping and dropped something off fornyou.\" \"Ohnreally what?' Dade asked curious. \"It'snon the couch. I've got to go and meet some friends. If you could ,nplease call me if you're going out or are going to be gone.\" Laurennsaid as she picked up her new brown, leather purse. \"Whatnif I'm going to go have an orgy with thirty super models? Should Incall you then?\" \"Nonbut you might want to after Kate gets done with you. Bye\" she said,nheading out the door. Dadenwalked to the couch and saw a cd. His heart flipped when he saw thatnit was a cd he had giver her on her birthday. \"Wellnwhatever,\" he said as he threw it on the floor. Unable to stay innthe apartment he went to his room, got his back pack and put on hisnskates. He quickly wrote a note telling his mother he would benreading in the park and then tossed his shoes in his backpack. Henthen locked the door and left.[Chapter 4] A/N: Yeah I know almost 2 years since an update. Was busy with earning a bachelor's degree. Spring break and hopefully more chapters. Disclaimer: I only own my original characters and story plot. Chapter 3 Kate laid on her bed as she thought of her first semester at MIT. She always thought Dade, Phreak, Cereal, Joey and her would be rocking it out at MIT; spending late nights studying and partying as they worked towards their dreams. Influenced by her mother, Kate was determined to break the glass ceiling and be the president of MKL Technology, one of the top companies dealing with computers and technology. Then she wanted to start her own company which would be focused on developing new technology as well as encouraging young women to forgo fashion for math and science. \"Well whatever,\" Kate said, determined to not let that 'boy' ruin the rest of her summer vacation. She picked up her phone and called her friend Shelly. Shelly was the party queen in high school. If she knew about a party then everyone would know. \"Yeah tomorrow night at my place,\" Kate said. \"Love you too, bye.\" She opened her closet and pulled out a black corset and tight black jeans. From the back of her closet she brought out a pair of shiny, black stiletto boots. Undoing the laces, Kate looked at herself in the mirror. Tomorrow will be fun , she thought. Lauren glanced at the clock and sighed. It was already 10:30 and Dade was still at large. She tried to stop thinking about everything that could happen to him in New York's dangerous streets. \"He's probably at that club or with his friends,\" she said to herself. Her voiced filled the tiny apartment and the building groaned as if it were worried as well. Dade replaced his skates with shoes as he sat on the curb in front of his apartment. Shit, he thought as he the time. 1:15 am. He prepared himself for his mother's lecture and walked towards home. Slowly he opened the door and carefully he walked to his room , trying not to wake up his mother as she slept on the couch. He went to his room and found a note on his bed. 'Party at Kate's tomorrow night- Shelly 8:30 pm, it said. Feeling slightly better, he decided to go and apologize to Kate. Hopefully she would forgive him. ","Summary":" Disclaimer:Indon't own the movie Hackers or any of it's characters. Or CYberdognDone for fun enjoy!"},{"Movie":"Honey I shrunk the kids","Title":"The Mistake","Author":"Lyla Calm","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5703900","Passage":"[Chapter 1] HONEY, I SHRUNK THE KIDS (a fanfiction by Lyla Calm) Written from Amy's perspective It had already been a year. A year since Dad's machine had shrunk me and Nick to the size of pinheads. But we hadn't been alone. Our next-door neighbors, Ron and Russ Thompson, had joined us. I thought about this as I scraped the lunch dishes. It was, once again, summer vacation from school. Dad had gone to the lab for the afternoon, and Mom had met a friend for lunch. Nick sat at the kitchen table, drawing a model of an invention he planned to start working on. I dropped the dish in the sink. Mom had told me to do the dishes and the laundry before I went anywhere--but Nick had the entire afternoon free. It wasn't fair. The unfairness only got worse when the doorbell rang. Nick jumped up and opened it; it was Ron. \"Hey Nick, I've got something to show you!\" he announced. I saw Nick glance at his drawing. \"I'm kinda busy right now.\" \"I found it in the backyard.\" Nick gave him a quizzical look through his dorky round glasses. \"In the backyard?\" \"Yes.\" Ron grinned with wide eyes for effect. \"It's a giant lizard!\" And that was all Nick needed to hear. He didn't even bother to close the door. But I had to admit, having the warm summer air wisping into the kitchen as I scraped another dish felt really good. \"Hey.\" My arms were suddenly covered with goosebumps. I knew that voice. I turned around to see Russ Thompson Jr. in the doorway, holding a football. \"Hi,\" I replied casually. He smiled and tossed the football into the air, obviously trying to show off. Rolling my eyes, I returned to the dishes and pretended to be unimpressed. I finished washing a bowl and set it on the counter, stealing a glance at Russ as I did so. He was still standing in the doorway tossing the football, watching me the entire time. \"You wanna go toss the football around?\" Seriously. Do I look like the kind of girl who'd like to toss a football around? I decided to play hard-to-get. \"No thanks.\" I continued washing dishes, and I was aware that Russ hadn't moved. \"Okay, then do you wanna go to the mall instead? There's a new arcade that opened last week.\" I continued my silence, but the idea of going to the mall with Russ appealed to me. But the dishes.... \"I can't. I have chores.\" \"I've got time.\" Russ pulled a chair out from the table and proceeded to seat himself, resuming throwing the football into the air. \"You know, you could dry these dishes and make time pass faster,\" I told him. \"Oh, right,\" he responded, jumping up. I couldn't tell if he had purposely avoided offering to help, or if it never even occurred to him. As he finished drying the last few plates, I ran to the laundry room to start that. I tossed a few pairs of underwear into the already almost-full washer, and started the wash cycle. Ah. Freedom. Racing up the stairs to change my clothes, I called down to Russ that I'd be down in a minute. What to wear, what to wear? I tore through my dresser, finally extracting a floral blouse and tan shorts. It was my favorite summer outfit. I flew into the bathroom to put on lipstick and grabbed my purse on the way downstairs. Slowing down on the bottom step, I called, \"I'm ready!\" Russ was finishing putting the dishes away--I smiled. The Thompsons had spent so much time at our house in the past year that they knew exactly where everything was, as if it was their own home. And that was how I liked it. We made our way down the street, which was surprisingly empty for a summer day. A summer camp was in session just a few blocks away, where I was sure most of the other children on the street were spending their time. \"We don't have to go to the mall,\" Russ said suddenly. \"We don't?\" He grinned. \"No, I'm going to force you to come with me to the mall.\" I laughed--and Russ looked at me as though he never wanted me to stop laughing. \"Okay, how about the movies?\" I offered. \"I saw a really cool movie playing the other day,\" he told me. He reached for my hand and held it as we walked. \"What was it about?\" \"Ummm....I don't really know.\" Something about the way he said it made me doubt his honesty. \"So, you think it's cool, but you have no idea what it's about?\" I had him cornered. \"No, just...never mind.\" He let go of my hand and looked off into the distance. \"Okay...\" I tried again. \"What about Malaria?\" \"What?\" \"There's a movie playing called Malaria.\" \"What's it about?\" I laughed again. \"Umm, malaria.\" \"Oh, right.\" He seemed distracted. About a movie? Not likely. I stopped, forcing him to stop as well. \"Russ, what's wrong?\" He was silent for a moment, and then whispered, \"Nothing.\" \"Listen to me!\" I took his hand. \"I want to go with you, but I'm going right home if you keep acting this way!\" He gave a forced smile, but the cloudiness in his eyes was unmistakable. And, as if I needed further proof that something was wrong, he didn't try to hold my hand again. A/N: Please review or PM me, I love feedback!!! Also, I'm open to suggestions. I know the basic outline of where I'm going to take this story (which I hope to update at least once a week!), but I could use some ideas for details. Thanks! ~Lyla[Chapter 2] THE MISTAKE : CHAPTER 2 We arrived at the mall, which was right next door to the movie theater. Russ still wouldn't look at me, and he wouldn't allow himself to look at the movie theater entrance. He walked purposefully toward the mall and didn't even bother to hold the door for me. When we passed the food court, I wondered if Russ would even notice if I disappeared from his side. I decided to test my theory, so I jumped behind a fake plant. Russ kept walking, glancing at the food stands on either side of the walkway. I was in disbelief. Something was wrong with him. But what? I watched him for a few more minutes--when he turned his head to the side, I saw that his eyes were glazed over. My heart was pounding--what was going on with him? I slipped out the door of the mall and stopped by a tree, wondering what I should do. \"Are you okay?\" A tall man stood over me and placed his hand on my shoulder. I gingerly removed his hand and gave him a cautious smile. \"I'm fine,\" I answered quickly, and I ran back into the mall--right into Russ. \"Amy? What were you doing?\" I looked into his eyes for a moment--he'd snapped out of his trance. \"Nothing, I just thought you were behind me,\" I answered nonchalantly. I grabbed his hand with a smile. \"What should we do?\" He leaned over and kissed my cheek. \"I feel like getting a milkshake.\" \"Me too!\" I chimed in, relieved that he was back to himself. We went back into the mall and found a snack bar--and the man who had spoken to me outside was behind the counter. Luckily, he was counting money in the cash drawer, so he didn't see us--at first. But when Russ ordered the milkshake, the man looked up and raised his eyebrows at me. Oh crap, he saw me looking at him. What does he want, anyway? Russ grinned as he gave me a second straw to the milkshake the man handed him. \"I call the first sip!\" I announced, knowing it was childish to say. It was strawberry...wait. Strawberry? \"You hate strawberry!\" I reminded him, a smile playing on my lips. \"Yeah,\" he agreed, sitting down across from me. \"But you don't.\" He held my hand while I drank the shake; then he grabbed the cup from me. \"Hey!\" \"I just wanna try it,\" he said. He glanced at it, as if wondering how best to approach it. \"Is it any good?\" He sniffed it, then gave it back to me. \"I'd better not,\" he said finally. I drank the rest of the milkshake. Russ took it from me and tossed it in the trash can, then playfully offered me his arm as we walked through the rest of the mall. Stores on each side advertised their best products at the front of the walkway--enticing clothing, some food, and toys for children. I hadn't come to buy--I was just glad to be able to spend time with Russ. He smiled at me as we glanced into each store, thinking that it might be fun to browse. \"That looks interesting,\" Russ commented, pulling me into one of the stores. I hadn't even noticed it was there--it wasn't a store I'd ever enter unless I was getting a birthday present--for a guy. Nick would've loved it. It had all kinds of live animals and reptiles in aquariums--and tiny little toy rabbits moved around the floor. Battery-operated, I suspected. Russ was examining a display of model trains. \"I didn't know you liked trains,\" I told him, running my fingers along the top of the model. \"I used to play with little wooden trains when I was little,\" he said absentmindedly. \"I had a whole collection in a box in my room.\" \"What happened to them?\" Abruptly my heart started racing, and my fingers were getting red. I don't remember what he said after that--I was no longer listening. My skin was clammy, I felt dizzy, and I couldn't breathe. Something was happening to me. My eyes closed and I could feel my neck start to twitch. Russ stared at me. \"Amy?\" \"Russ--\" and I blacked out.[Chapter 3] THE MISTAKE: CHAPTER 3 My head swam. I was lying on something soft...a bed? No, a sofa. My vision was blurry, but I could hear three hushed voices. Well--one hushed voice and two loud voices. \"Is she alright?\" It was Nick who had spoken. \"How should we know?\" Ron asked, a hint of disdain in his voice. \"Be quiet!\" Russ whispered. \"I think she's coming around.\" I felt like laughing. I could hear everything they were saying, but their heads were blurry. But I could see that all three of them had leaned in to see if I really was awake. I lost it. No one moved for a moment (except for me, of course). My vision was becoming clearer, and I saw all three boys with shocked looks on their faces. \"Why is she laughing?\" Nick asked, and both he and Ron looked at Russ, as if he was supposed to have all the answers. \"Maybe she's gone insane,\" Ron offered, shrugging. \"Amy!\" I loved hearing him say my name. \"Russ?\" Relief flooded into his face, and he grinned at the other two. \"She's fine.\" \"What happened?\" I tried to sit up, but Russ pushed me back down. \"Amy, you need to rest.\" \"I'm fine!\" I repeated, forcing myself up. I stood up and brushed my hair out of my eyes--and then I stumbled. Russ grabbed my shoulders and put me back on the couch, and I heard him shout, \"Get her some water!\" My vision went blurry again and I blacked out--again. The next thing I remember was a voice saying, \"Checkmate.\" I didn't even try to sit up this time. I rolled over and listened to Ron try to argue his way out of Nick's chess move. Abruptly I heard Ron comment, \"Maybe it's like Sleeping Beauty. Maybe you have to kiss her, Russ.\" My eyes shot open and I couldn't help but grin. Russ glanced at me, and then smiled back. \"I think she's fine, Ron.\" \"What happened to me?\" \"You went unconscious,\" Nick informed me, though I was sure he didn't actually see what happened. \"Why?\" \"I don't know.\" Russ sounded worried. \"You started twitching really bad, and then you just...blacked out.\" \"Where am I?\" \"One of the guys at the snack stand helped me carry you here.\" \"Where's 'here'?\" Russ laughed. \"Your house.\" I recognized the smell of Mom's perfume on the blankets beneath me. Burying my face in them, I felt Russ's hand stroking my leg. I stole a glance at him; he was watching me, but there was a far-off look in his eyes. As if he wasn't really there. \"That's never happened to me before,\" I told him, attempting to bring him back to Earth. \"What do you think it was?\" \"Did you eat anything funny for lunch?\" \"No.\" My mind went back to the mall--the milkshake. I had had a strawberry milkshake. \"The milkshake!\" Russ's eyes widened. \"No food poisoning works that quickly,\" he reminded me. \"So...\" \"She's been poisoned!\" Ron fell flat on his face and grabbed the leg of the sofa. \"Whatever will we do?\" \"Do you really think I've been poisoned?\" But I didn't listen for his response--because it occurred to me that it had been the strange man who had given us the milkshake. \"Who did you say helped carry me back here?\" \"One of the guys from the snack shack. \"Which guy?\" I realized too late that my teeth were clenched. \"The one who sold us the milkshake.\" My fears were confirmed. I propped myself up on my elbows and looked into Russ's eyes. \"I think that guy is after me.\" \"Amy, you're still a little shaken from your ordeal. Don't jump to conclusions--he helped bring you back here!\" \"Exactly,\" I responded. \"And now he knows exactly where to find me.\" I jumped up from the couch and raced to the front door, making sure it was locked. I looked out the window and didn't see anyone--but I couldn't believe that Russ had let that guy into our house. \"You don't have any proof! You could be dead wrong!\" Russ put his hand to my forehead. \"You have a fever. You need to go lie down.\" \"No!\" I shouted, breaking free from his grasp. I wrenched the front door open and gasped at what I saw. The man from the mall stood before me, with a knife in his hand. Russ backed up and fell into a closet, whose contents covered him within seconds, and he was silent. The man grabbed me around the waist and held the knife to my throat. And it pressed against my windpipe, I couldn't breathe... \"NO!\" I woke up with a start. How much of what I had just seen was a dream? When did I fall asleep? Ron and Nick were still playing chess--or rather, had started a new game. And when Russ saw my eyes open again, he leaned in and gently touched my lips with his. I put my arms around his neck, and he stayed there for just a moment. When he broke away, his face looked ghastly, and I knew I must've had a look of terror on my own face. \"I just had an awful dream. When did I fall asleep?\" \"About ten minutes ago. You tried to get up and then fell over, and Nick got you some water but you'd already gone under again.\" So everything about the milkshake had all been a dream. But it made sense. And I knew I had to tell Russ before it was too late. Before I could say anything, the doorbell rang. I jumped under the blanket and cried, \"Don't answer it!\" But Nick had already opened the door, and I could hear a voice in the front parlor--the voice of the man from the snack shack.[Chapter 4] THE MISTAKE, CHAPTER 4 The man poked his head into the living room where I lay on the couch. \"What happened?\" he asked, staring at me with a concern I'd never seen before. \"Are you alright?\" I recoiled from his outstretched arm. \"I'm fine,\" I said rather coldly, shrinking back into the couch. \"I'm glad,\" he said, letting out a sigh of relief. \"You have no idea how much trouble I'd be in if someone found out I served a bad milkshake.\" My mouth fell open. Was he admitting that he had poisoned me? \"What do you mean?\" I asked, still suspicious. \"The milk in the milkshake had gone bad when I served it to you. Of course, I didn't realize it until you had already started drinking,\" he said quickly. I wasn't buying his story. \"Well, I'm perfectly fine,\" I told him, still having an edge to my voice. \"You can go now.\" \"Amy,\" Russ said gently, taking my hand. \"He's trying to help. This incident could cost him his job. Like I really cared. I was still convinced that he had poisoned me on purpose. I tried to conceal my grin as I put my hand to my forehead and pretended to swoon again. I groaned for effect and wondered if I could make my fingers swell at will. \"How bad was that milk?\" Russ asked the man. \"It expired two months ago. We use a special milk for most milkshakes, and as of late we haven't had many requests for milkshakes.\" I wondered if Russ's strange behavior and the milkshake poison were connected. \"I think I'm feeling better,\" I announced, sitting up. What good would faking do? I was able to stand on my own two feet, but I could tell Russ was still worried. \"Thank you for coming to make sure I was okay,\" I told the snack shack man. \"What's your name?\" \"William Gregory Jackson Clyde. You can call me Clyde,\" he said, smiling. He glanced at his watch. \"I suppose I'd better be going now, one of my friends took my shift and she's expecting me back soon. If you're feeling better?\" \"Yes, I'm perfectly fine. And I understand that you didn't mean to give me the spoiled milk.\" I smiled sweetly, hoping that he was convinced of my forgiveness. \"Good.\" He gave me one last smile and nodded to Russ, then left through the front door. I walked to the couch and began folding the blankets I had used, but Russ, who had not been fooled by my behavior, grabbed my shoulders and spun me around to face him. \"Are you gonna tell me what that was all about?\" I bit my lip, realizing that Russ was completely unaware of what I suspected. \"I don't think the spoiled milk was an accident.\" Russ threw his hands up in the air. \"The poor man could lose his job, Amy! How could you think that?\" I told him about the way Clyde had looked at me, both outside the mall and at the snack stand. The dream had seemed so real, Russ had believed me, and I was convinced that if the real Russ knew all the facts, he would believe me, too. Russ's eyes widened as my story unfolded, and as I finished, he was silent. I raised my eyebrows and placed my hands on my hips. \"Well, do you believe me?\" He began to massage his temples, as if he was the one with his head swimming. No, that was me. Why was I the only one seeing this? \"You don't believe me,\" I said finally, the disdain in my voice all too obvious. \"I don't know what to think, Amy. I've always gone with what you say. I've always believed you, I've always followed you. I've been okay with you taking the lead in our relationship. But now? Amy, how can you expect me to believe that the man who just came to make sure you weren't seriously ill, tried to poison you? How can you expect me to believe that?\" I bit my tongue to stop myself from spitting out the angry words that now stung my throat with their determination to be released. I choked back the tears that I could feel coming to my eyes--but I wouldn't let Russ see me like this. I wouldn't let him know how much it hurt me that he didn't believe. But I couldn't stand before him biting my tongue. I had to get away. * * * * * * I ran out the front door without looking back, without saying a word. No one believed me. I knew that Clyde (if that was even his name) had poisoned me, but Russ wouldn't believe me. If he wouldn't believe me, how could I expect anyone else to? I ran down the street without really knowing where I was headed. Angry thoughts shot through my head, one after the other. I didn't even notice the man walking toward me as I passed a grocery store. I looked at the ground, letting my feet carry me wherever they would. I didn't care. I even stopped for a moment to wipe the tears from my face. My feet were silent--so why did I hear heavy footsteps close behind me? I turned around to see what the noise was. Clyde was swiftly walking towards me, not bothering to hide his presence. Isn't he supposed to be at the mall? I thought wildly, beginning to panic as I saw the grin that was splitting his face. Without thinking about it, I turned around and ran away from him. The buildings and trees flew past as I ran down the sidewalk, not daring to look back. I stole a glance behind me and couldn't see him, but that wasn't good enough for me. I dove into a clump of bushes and lay panting in the dirt. The man stopped right in front of the bushes, looked around, and kept going. I let out a sigh of relief, but another rush of adrenaline pulsed through me as a hand was clamped over my mouth and my head hit the ground again. I bit my captor's hand and sat up, opening my mouth for a scream. That was before I heard Russ's voice say, \"Ow! Gosh, Amy, what's wrong with you?\" \"Russ?\" \"Who else?\" I frowned at him. \"What are you doing here?\" \"I didn't want you to do anything stupid because you were mad at me. 'I don't believe you' is not code for 'I don't like you anymore'. I just can't believe that the man who helped bring you back would purposely poison you. It just doesn't fit.\" \"You can believe what you want to,\" I told him tightly. \"But I'm going to figure out what the man is really after.\" And I turned away from Russ and made my way down the road.[Chapter 5] THE MISTAKE, CHAPTER 5 If Russ didn't believe me, I would have to discover the truth myself. If he wasn't going to help me, I would have to help myself. I didn't have a choice. I could feel tears stinging my eyelids again, but I wasn't going to let them flow this time. I looked around, suddenly realizing that in the heat of the moment, I hadn't given any thought to the fact that Clyde could still be in the vicinity. Russ was standing behind the bushes with a blank look on his face, staring off into space. Whatever. I continued walking in the direction of my house, realizing that I had left Nick home by himself. I thought about going to the police about Clyde-but no one would believe me. I had no proof, I only had my own guesses. Nick and Ron were still playing chess when I got back. Nick looked up and peered at me through those dorky glasses, scrunching his nose as if he was squinting. \"Where's Russ?\" Thanks, Nick. Yeah, I'm perfectly fine, thanks for asking. I didn't answer. I locked the front door and ran out of the room towards the stairs. Crashing down on the third step, I hid my face in my arms and braced myself for the sobs I was sure were going to fall. But my eyes were dry. I blinked, thinking about what I was supposed to do. I thought of what Mom would say if she were home: \"The Amy I know wouldn't let something like this get her down. Go get Russ and ask for his help.\" I would not ask Russ for his help. He didn't believe me. I wasn't going to crush the speck of dignity I had left by admitting I needed him. But my mom's voice rang in my head and I knew I would be safe with Russ, whether or not he believed me. I ran back out the door, much to Nick's surprise. I could see his lips forming a question as I threw open the front door. I ran down the street, wondering what in the world I was thinking. I kept running, thinking that I would go straight to the mall after asking Russ to help me. But I wasn't prepared for what I was about to see. I turned onto the grocery store street, but stopped so suddenly I fell backward. I saw Russ standing by the bushes, with his hands nervously in his pockets. Clyde stood before him, talking animatedly with him. Russ shook his head, looking only slightly bothered by the interaction. But then his eyes clouded over. I saw Clyde point to the market across the street-and I had to cover my mouth to stop myself from uttering a scream. A young girl, about my age, came galloping across the street towards the two of them-and Russ took her hand as she approached them. So this was it. This was why Russ had been acting so strange lately. Hot tears stung my cheeks, not like the tears I had cried earlier. Real tears, tears that came from experiencing such terrible pain as knowing that the boy you loved did not return your feelings. Everything had been fake-all that he had told me, all the time he'd spent with me, the way he'd kissed me...everything was a lie. And that wasn't something I could deal with, not on top of Clyde. I hid behind a tree, shaking my head and trying to convince myself that what I was seeing wasn't really happening. I was trembling...but I resolved to not let Russ know what I'd seen. I wouldn't let it upset me. But I couldn't go on pretending nothing happened. I would break up with him, but I wouldn't tell him why. I began to make my way back home, feeling like it was hardly home anymore. Home was supposed to be a place I could go when I couldn't face the world. Home was supposed to be a haven where I could truly belong, even when I felt like no one else wanted me. But at that moment, Home was a place where Nick and Ron were playing chess, completely oblivious to the rest of the world. \"Checkmate,\" Nick told Ron smartly, pushing his glasses farther up his nose. I slammed the front door shut and sat down on the couch next to the coffee table, gazing at the board but really not focusing on it. \"Amy?\" Oh no. Oh no no no no no. Not Russ. \"She's in here,\" Nick answered loudly. Thanks, Nick. \"Amy, are you alright?\" \"Leave me alone,\" I whispered, jerking my head so my hair spun in my face to hide my tears. He didn't move from the doorway; he just stood there, staring at my retreating form (In case you're wondering how I know this, Nick told me after the whole thing happened). Was I going to have to do this alone after all? I sat on the edge of my bed, staring out the window. I had no idea where to start my search for answers—but my own answer came as Russ knocked on my bedroom door. Now, if Mom had been home she'd have told us to talk in the living room—Russ wouldn't have dared come into my room if Mom had been home. But she wasn't. And it was clear we needed to get some things out on the table…at least, not where Nick or Ron could hear. Russ came around the end of my bed and sat next to me. \"Amy? I know you better than that. Something's bothering you, and I'm not leaving until you tell me.\" He really believed I hadn't seen him with that other girl. \"Russ, I've been thinking…\" His hand was rubbing soothing circles around my back—how was I supposed to break up with him now? \"I just—I don't think we're right for each other.\" He snatched his hand back as if he'd been stung. \"What?\" \"I'm sorry, I just…\" I couldn't even finish my thought. \"Russ, I just don't think we should be dating right now.\" His eyes narrowed (something that I'd never seen him do before) and his fingers tightened their grip on my bedspread. \"Do you like someone else?\" \"No,\" I said quickly, shaking my head vigorously. But you do, I wanted to say. \"Where were you ten minutes ago?\" It took all my self-control to stop my mouth from falling open. Was he asking me if I'd seen him with that other girl? What should I tell him? But I didn't allow myself to think about it for more than a minute. Which probably wasn't the wisest idea. \"Walking on Firbrown Street,\" I said nonchalantly. His eyes widened with comprehension. But he didn't say anything—what he did was worse. He stood up and slammed his fists against the wall, knocking down several pictures of Grandma Rose. Now the tears really started to fall. \"I saw you, Russ. I saw you with Clyde and that other girl! You can't lie to me now. You're the one who has feelings for someone else. And I'm the one who's leaving.\" I ran from the room before he could do so much as call my name. I ran past the living room, where Nick and Ron still played chess. I wrenched open the front door and walked out into the soothing sunlight. I'd made up my mind what I was going to do. And if my plan was going to work, I only had a few hours left to put it into action.[Chapter 6] THE MISTAKE, CHAPTER 6 I made my way down the sidewalk, keeping my eyes peeled for any sign of Clyde or the other girl. As I walked, my mind drifted back to what I'd said to Russ. The first inklings of doubt surfaced in my head. What if this was all a huge misunderstanding? What if I misinterpreted Russ's reaction? My mind went back to the school dance, just a week after my dad's machine had shrunk the four of us to less than a fraction of an inch tall. \"Amy!\" my mom called from the kitchen. \"Doorbell!\" I gave myself a once-over in front of the mirror, then quickly grabbed my shoes and raced down the stairs. I was wearing all white, from my fabric headband to my sandals. My dress was also white, with black hand-embroidered flowers on the front, tracing a pattern down my stomach. The bottom of the skirt was very full, and it flew out when I twirled. \"Amy!\" Mom called again. I stopped at the bottom of the stairs, trying to catch my breath before I greeted Russ at the door. I finally reached the kitchen, and Mom gave me an encouraging smile as I opened the back door. Russ's eyes widened when they fell on my dress. \"Wow,\" he whispered, almost under his breath. \"Ready?\" I asked, smiling at him. \"Have a good time!\" My mother called from her place in front of the stove. Russ took my hand when we had reached the driveway. \"You look really beautiful, Amy,\" he told me. I squeezed his hand, and we were quiet for the rest of the walk. The outside of the school was decorated with a few banners and balloons for the occasion, and I felt my body tense up as I approached the building. What would my friends think? Russ and I had been together for only a week, and the only one of my friends who knew about us was Alicia. How would everyone else react? Russ's arm slid from my hand to my waist. He seemed to sense my nervousness. \"You okay?\" he asked softly, making my heart melt. \"Yeah, I'm fine,\" I assured him, smiling again. I took a deep breath, and he opened the door for me. Almost as soon as I was through that door, I was bombarded by my friends. They grabbed both my arms and practically dragged me into the main dance hall, much to Russ's chagrin. \"How've you been?\" \"Are you meeting someone here tonight?\" \"Is he cute?\" \"Spill, Amy!\" I took a step backward, giving my dress room to breathe. \"My date's already here,\" I said slowly, nervously watching the smiles of anticipation on their faces. \"Who is it, Amy?\" At that moment, Russ walked up behind me and took my hand. \"It's Russ,\" I answered them, squeezing his hand so tightly that he groaned. The grins disappeared. Most of them looked at me as if I'd lost my mind. \"Russ?\" Amanda asked quietly. I bit my tongue. \"You want some punch?\" Russ asked awkwardly, pointing to the food table. \"Sure,\" I said quickly. When he had left, the girls pulled me toward a corner of the room. \"Since when are you interested in Russ Thompson?\" Haley asked accusingly, raising her eyebrows. \"He and his little brother came over last week to hang out.\" \"Russ wanted to hang out with you?\" \"He lives next door, Haley,\" I said, getting slightly annoyed. \"It's not like he walked ten miles to my house.\" Genevieve's eyes grew huge again. \"So, did he ask you to the dance? Or did you guys—\" She blushed. Now it was my turn to be shocked. Did she really think that Russ and I—that we had— \"I asked him why he'd never come over before,\" I explained quickly. \"He said it was because he thought I was too popular to notice him.\" \"No offense, Amy, but you are pretty popular. And he's just…\" \"Not,\" Hannah finished for her. \"And then?\" \"Well, we kissed.\" I was sure Russ could hear the shrieks of delight from my friends. \"Is he a good kisser?\" \"Did you make out?\" \"Is he—\" \"Here,\" Russ handed me my drink as Genevieve took a step backward. Russ looked confused. \"Did I interrupt something?\" \"No,\" I said quickly, glaring at Haley. \"Never mind.\" I linked my arm through his, and we walked about from the circle of gossiping girls. The music started a few minutes later, and I could tell by the looks on my friends' faces that they wanted more details, but I pretended that I couldn't see them. Right now, Russ was the only thing that mattered. \"So,\" he said casually, placing his hands on my waist. \"What were you talking about?\" I blushed fiercely, letting go of his shoulder for a moment to run a hand through my hair. \"Nothing.\" He continued to watch me, but I could tell he wasn't willing to push the issue. \"They asked me if you were a good kisser.\" \"And what did you tell them?\" I laughed. \"That's when you brought me the punch.\" He smiled. \"Well, what do you think?\" I cocked my head to one side, studying his face, carefully planning my answer. \"I haven't decided yet.\" He looked a bit hurt, but the twinkle in his eye told me he was only kidding. \"Maybe this will help you decide,\" he said slyly, and he pulled me towards him and kissed me; it was better than he'd ever kissed me before. He moved his hands from my waist and wrapped them around my back, holding me close and moving his lips together with mine. I felt like I didn't have to breathe, like we were the only ones in that room, like he was the only thing holding me up at that moment…and he was all I needed… The kiss ended after a few moments, and I grinned as his hands went to my waist again and we moved in time to the music. After that song, Russ and I sat down at one of the tables on the edge of the dance floor. I wasn't hungry, but my feet were a bit sore, since neither one of us knew how to dance very well. But when he'd kissed me, I hadn't even noticed it. I didn't care if he had two left feet. I grinned at him again. \"What?\" \"Yes.\" \"Yes what?\" \"You're a good kisser.\" He returned my grin and took my hand under the table. \"Amy?\" I jumped at the sound of Paul Tate's voice. Russ tightened his grip on my hand and looked at the newcomer. \"Hi Paul,\" I said politely. I SO was not expecting that. \"Amy, you never returned my call. I called you last week, like, three times.\" His eyes narrowed when they fell on Russ. \"Is this your boyfriend?\" \"No,\" I said quickly, shaking my head vigorously. Russ's hand had moved to my wrist, and he was squeezing it so tightly that I could feel the blood circulation being cut off. \"He's not my boyfriend.\" Paul glanced at the dance floor, so I took the opportunity to look at Russ. His eyebrows were raised. \"Not your boyfriend?\" He mouthed silently, squeezing my wrist tighter still. \"Would you like to dance?\" Paul asked, giving me a smile that would just about melt the heart of any other girl. But not me. \"Sure,\" I said nonchalantly, trying to convey to Russ that this was no big deal, that this was not a romantic thing. Hesitantly, he released my wrist and watched as I approached the dance floor with Paul. It might have been something wrong with the heat system…but I was sure Russ's jealousy and anger were seeping out his pores so violently that every person in the room could feel it. When Paul started dancing with me, he lowered his forehead to touch mine. Okay, maybe this was getting a little romantic… \"So. He's not your boyfriend?\" I avoided Paul's gaze, even though I could feel his dark brown eyes staring at me. What should I say? If I said yes, I'd be giving up any chance I had with this guy. But if I said no, I'd be up for grabs. And Russ would probably not be one of the takers. I sighed. \"Yes, he is, Paul.\" His expression changed almost instantly. \"I'm sorry,\" I whispered quietly, taking a step back. Paul grabbed my wrist with an angry look on his face. \"I thought you liked me?\" \"I did,\" I told him, clenching my fist and not liking the strength with which he was holding my arm. \"Now let me go.\" \"Not until the song is over,\" he said quickly. Now, lest you think Paul Tate was some kind of gross, overprotective, obsessive idiot, he wasn't. At least, not up to that point. He was one of the most popular guys in school—any girl would've loved for him to grab them by the arm and say, \"We're finishing this dance.\" But not me. Not when I had Russ to finish the dance with me. \"Let me go now, Paul!\" I said a bit louder, and I tried to wrench my arm free of his grasp. He smirked and touched his forehead to mine again. I scowled. \"I can't let you go until we have our kiss.\" My eyes widened. \"What?\" \"Junior over there got his kiss, now what about mine?\" I had never seen this side of Paul Tate before. Was he really going to force me to kiss him? I got my answer when he let my arms go and instantly wrapped his hands around my back, the same way Russ had. \"Leave her alone, you lughead.\" Russ was much smaller than Paul, but Paul was like a walking toothpick. The wind could blow him over. Except this time, it wasn't the wind. It was Russ, shaking with anger, shoving him as hard as he could. Paul landed off to the side of the dance floor, and he stood up angrily, wiping blood off the corner of his mouth. He snarled at Russ, looking like an angry mother bear who'd just had her cub taken away—but fortunately, he couldn't do anything, because the principal danced by with her husband. Paul wasn't about to ruin his reputation by getting caught beating up another student. He walked off, still steaming with anger. Russ turned his attention to me. \"Are you alright?\" \"Fine,\" I said quickly, still shaking. Russ led me over to a table and sat down, letting me drop onto his lap and lean against his shoulder as he wrapped his arms around me. \"Am I too heavy?\" I asked quietly, half-kidding but forgetting that he was slightly shorter than me. \"Not at all,\" he whispered into my hair, running his fingers through it. Tears pricked the corners of my eyes as I realized that he wasn't mad about what I had told Paul. He wasn't mad that I had said he wasn't my boyfriend. Russ wanted whatever made me happy. I had to tell him. \"Russ?\" He looked at me with those wide eyes, his hand still combing my hair. My friends were still standing in the corner, watching all the action from a distance. They pretended to wipe away tears at Russ's gestures of affection, and I rolled my eyes. \"I'm sorry about telling Paul you weren't my boyfriend.\" \"That's okay,\" he said quickly. There was another awkward silence, and he leaned his head against mine, closing his eyes. \"Amy—I think we should make it official. I really care about you, and I want you to be my girlfriend.\" I smiled, not answering him right away. That was what I wanted to hear—that he really wanted to be with me, that this wasn't just a date, but the first of many. \"I want to be your girlfriend, Russ Thompson.\" His face lit up, and he closed the distance between us once again, softly kissing me. That was a year ago. Russ and I had been through the good and the bad together. We knew each other better than anyone else ever could. Or so I thought. Down at the other end of the street, I heard my front door fly open with a crash, and I knew Russ was coming after me. Confused thoughts shot through my head. What should I do?[Chapter 7] Something kept my feet from moving. I could hear Russ tearing across my front lawn, but I couldn't bring myself to run away. I dove into a bush on the side of my neighbor's house and watched as Russ ran past, glancing at each side of the street. \"Amy!\" I closed my eyes. The sound of my name on his lips was almost too much. I cared about him. I couldn't deny it. But he didn't feel the same way. I couldn't let him know that I still cared. \"Gotcha!\" I started to scream, but a huge hand was clapped over my mouth. \"Spying, are we?\" I tried to crane my neck to see who my captor was, but he kept his other hand around my neck. So, I did the only thing I could think of. I bit his hand as hard as I could, feeling the skin break under my teeth. \"AAARRRRGGGHHHH!\" He let me go, and I kicked him as I stood up and began to run back toward my house. Toward your house. Probably NOT a good idea. So I turned onto the next street, hoping that I wouldn't run into Russ or whoever was chasing me. But—guess what? My captor was right there in front of me. I gasped and put out my hands to protect myself as he lunged at me. Now, at this point, you're probably thinking, Russ jumps out and saves her! But if I told you that, I'd be lying. Because that's not what happened. I didn't know for sure who this guy was, since he wore a ski mask, but I had my ideas. My town was safe; kids didn't just get kidnapped off the street in broad daylight. So…anyone like to take a guess? Yep-he took off his ski mask and gave me a leery grin. Clyde didn't tie me up, but he kept a firm grip on my arms. I knew it would be useless to try and escape, so I walked slowly and quietly, my eyes darting around for anyone who could help. Clyde steered me around across the street from my house. I was thinking to myself, Really good idea, idiot. Parade me right across the street from my house. If anyone's looking out the window right now, you're going to be dead. Fine by me. The front door of my house opened, and Nick came out onto the porch. He walked down the front steps as if he was merely out for a stroll, but he froze and almost lost his balance when he saw me. His eyes widened even more behind his glasses. Clyde turned and saw my brother's reaction, but he kept his grip on me and smiled, waving at Nick. I shook my head so slightly that at first I thought Nick hadn't seen it. His hands dropped to his sides, he waved, and then ran back inside the house. I began to pray that he would call the police, or get Russ, or something. Anything. Clyde grinned at me. \"Your brother isn't the brightest bulb in the box, is he, now?\" He yanked on my hair, and I cried out, unable to stop myself. We walked down my street and passed several other roads, finally heading down the street that led to the mall. Why would Clyde let me see where he was taking me? Unless...unless he had no intentions of letting me out alive... My whole body tensed up and tears threatened to overwhelm me as Clyde walked faster. His grip on my arms only tightened, and I was too scared to let myself go limp on the ground-which was probably what I should've done. Russ burst into my house, his feet pounding and shaking the floor so violently that the abandoned chess game on the table crashed to the floor. Ron sat on the couch. \"Where's Amy?\" Russ demanded breathlessly, his eyes wide. Ron pointed to the kitchen, and Russ ran past the living room to find Nick on the phone. Putting his hand over the mouthpiece, Nick whispered urgently, \"Someone took Amy!\" Russ's breath caught in his throat. He closed his eyes, and his hands coiled into fists. With a roar of anger, he ran out of the room, past the living room again, and out the front door, slamming it behind him. No. Oh, no. Not this, too. Mr. and Mrs. Szalinsky pulled into the driveway, waving at Russ. He turned and wrenched the front door open again, almost smashing into Nick as he did so. \"Your parents are home. Don't let them know anything's wrong.\" \"What should I tell them?\" \"Tell them I went to meet Amy at the mall. I'm going out the back door.\" Once again, he slammed the door and raced across the living room, into the kitchen, and out the back door. He didn't stop running until he had cut through the trees in the backyard to the next street over; he stopped and began to massage his temples. Where had Clyde taken Amy? He scanned the street and began walking again, quickening his pace as he headed towards the mall. I had been expecting Clyde to bring me to a storeroom at the back of the mall, where nobody was likely to find me. But instead, he led me through the woods at the back of the mall, to a small cottage (okay, it was more of a shack). He walked right in, his hands still cutting off the circulation in my wrists, and threw me onto the floor at his feet. I looked up at him, trying to keep my face blank. I wondered if he could smell fear, like the insect that he was. \"Russ Thompson doesn't care about you,\" Clyde whispered menacingly. \"Yes, he does.\" Clyde stroked his chin thoughtfully, as if we were good friends talking over lunch. As if being the operative words. \"It doesn't matter if he loves you or not. You're never going to see him again.\" The situation was serious, but I couldn't help but notice how he sounded just like the villains on Saturday morning cartoons. They always said, \"You're never going to see [insert name of hero] again!\" Yeah. They always said that right before they were, umm, destroyed. Well, I could only hope. \"What do you want from me?\" \"Nothing much,\" Clyde said nonchalantly, locking the door and stepping on my hand as he moved into the next room. I heard a cracking noise and yelled out again. \"All I want is for you to stay away from Russ Thompson.\" \"Not going to happen.\" He laughed, a dry, hollow laugh. \"Dear Miss Szalinsky, did you really think I would let you out if you promised to stay away from the Thompson boy? No, I'm going to end this right now.\" I stifled a gasp as stepped on my hand again, being careful to crush it under his boot. I gave him a death glare as the pain in my hand brought tears to my eyes, but he just smirked as if I was a child and reached for something on the counter in the next room-and this time, I really did gasp. He flashed a large butcher knife in his left hand. Was this really the end? ","Summary":" HONEY, I SHRUNK THE KIDS (a fanfiction by Lyla Calm) Written from Amy's perspective It had already "},{"Movie":"Hackers","Title":"Instability","Author":"Xixie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/490534","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: Okay. Here's my second story. This is my attempt at a plot. I don't want to annoy anyone, but I have no time on my hands. I already have the second chapter written, but I did it in class, so it comes down to typing the thing. I hesitate to put this up when the rest of it isn't written, especially considering my world renowned ability to procrastinate, but I'm counting on you people to keep me writing. The only thing that gives me an impetus to continue are reviews. I really appreciate all the feedback I've gotten on the first one. Tell me what you think about this story. Disclaimer: They ain't mine. Instability Jeff Murphy opened the door to his ex-wife's apartment. Intent on surprising his son, he snuck up to what was obviously Dade's door and slowly opened it. A black book bag lay haphazardly across the desk, and a figure was buried under a comforter. \"Dade,\" Jeff said, pulling back a corner of the comforter. Instead of the expected dye-job head of his son, Jeff stared blankly at the dark, incredibly feminine head of Kate Libby. This head was attached to a body which was shockingly wrapped around his sleeping son. About this time Kate realized that she was now cold, whereas she had once been warm and began to wake. Grabbing with one hand, she pulled the blanket up to her neck and burrowed into Dade, who tightened his hold on her waist. \"Um, Dade?\" asked Jeff. Dade didn't move, but Kate kinda perked up. Without opening her eyes, \"Dade, someone is talking to you.\" \"What?\" Dade returned. His father spoke again, \"Dade.\" Finally awake, Dade looked up. \"Dad. What are you doing here?\" Upon hearing her boyfriend refer to the new guy as \"Dad,\" Kate sat up, which was difficult because the two were rather entangled. Kate manage to extricate her legs from Dade's and look at his father. \"Why don't you introduce your friend?\" \"Um, yeah. Dad this is Kate; Kate this is my father, Jeff.\" Jeff looked at Kate's bare leg, which was poking out from underneath the covers and the t-shirt she was wearing, which had obviously come off his son at some point. \"I'll be in the living room, kay?\" \"Yeah, give us five minutes.\" Jeff left the room and Dade looked confused. \"What's he doing here?\" \"I don't know. Why don't we go find out?\" asked Kate. \"Let me change back into my clothes.\" The two had spent the night before exploring the inner recesses of a new computer system from their respective computers. They had gone to school with no sleep and crashed at Dade's the second they got out. While Dade was still in the black cargo pants and green t-shirt he had worn to school, Kate had changed from the less comfortable white leather pants and buckled shirt into a t-shirt of Dade's. Dade watched as Kate began buckling up her shirt. \"That is the most complicated article of clothing I have ever seen.\" Kate arched her eyebrows. \"It just takes you too long to remove.\" Dade smiled and Kate continued. \"Why don't you go talk to him; I'll be out in a minute.\" Dade looked at the unmade bed. \"Not exactly the situation you want to explain to your father.\" \"Not exactly.\" \"Hell, we weren't even doing anything.\" \"Not this time, anyway.\" she added. Dade walked into the living room and hugged his dad. \"Dad, hey.\" Jeff returned the embrace. \"What are you doing here?\" \"Can't a man surprise his son?\" \"Yeah, but how'd you get in? Is mom here?\" \"I got the key from her earlier. I, uh, didn't expect you to have company.\" \"Yeah, about that. We studied all night so we just came here to crash after school.\" \"Relax, son. I noticed that you at least were fully clothed.\" \"Yeah-- \" Before Dade could go further, the bedroom door opened. Kate entered, and Jeff got his first good look at her. What he saw shocked him. This was not the girl he expected to see with his son. The leather pants and red combat boots were one thing, but the air of assurance with which she carried herself made her seem far too old for his generally sheltered son. He watched as she moved towards Dade. The two fell easily into place beside one another; Dade's arm immediately going around her. \"Dad, this is Kate Libby, my girlfriend.\" \"Hello.\" answered Jeff. Kate smile her parent-smile and looked directly into his eyes. Jeff felt struck as she said, \"Hi.\" After a pause she continued. \"It's nice meeting you, but I'll leave you two alone. I need to be getting home.\" Dade looked at her. \"I'll call you.\" \"Okay.\" Dade leaned down and Kate hand came to his neck as he quickly kissed her mouth. Jeff was uncomfortable with the familiarity of it. Kate grabbed a long shoulder bag with a skull and crossbones on the side. Both men watched as she left the apartment with a backwards glance and smile at Dade. Dade turned to his father. \"So, what are you doing in New York?\" \"Well, I had some time off and I wanted to see you.\" A pause. \"Why don't you tell me about your girlfriend?\" Dade knew that there had to be a definite reason his father had come to visit, but, seeing as he like to talk about Kate, decided to let it be. \"Okay, sit down. What do you want to know?\" \"You had mentioned that you had met someone. She's nothing like I pictured.\" \"She is fairly undefinable.\" \"Very pretty.\" \"I think so.\" Jeff smiled. \"Never one for talking much.\" Dade, still wondering about his father impromptu visit, smiled back without speaking. \"Well, I do want to take you out to dinner tonight, if that's okay. I'm only going to be in town for three days and there's someone I'd like you to meet.\" So it comes out, thought Dade. \"Who?\" was all he said. \"A friend of mine.\" Dade's eyes narrowed. \"If you're dating this woman just tell me.\" \"I'm dating this woman, and I want you to meet her.\" \"Kate and I were supposed to go out tonight, but she'll understand.\" \"No, bring her along. I want to get to know the girl in your life.\" \"I'll ask her.\" \"Look, Dade. I have to run back to my hotel. You should call Kate. Gina tells me that this restaurant is damned exclusive. You guys might have fun. The reservations are for 6:30. I'll come by and pick you up at 5:45.\" \"I'll see if Kate will come. Why don't I meet you there? You aren't accounting for New York traffic. Jeff stood up. \"I love you. I want to see you more often; I think it's important.\" Dade couldn't tell what his father was getting at. He had yet to mention the Ellington incidence. Jeff Murphy had never been comfortable discussing anything connecting Dade to a computer. It had been this way since the outcome of the trial eleven years ago. Once his father was gone, Dade immediately beeped Kate. After only three minutes, the cordless phone in Dade's hand rang. \"Kate,\" he said into the receiver. \"Dade, how'd it go with your dad?\" \"He wants to introduce me to a woman named Gina.\" \"Are you okay with that?\" After a pause. \"Yeah. I don't care. I just think that it's strange that the first time he's come to see me since I moved here is to do this.\" \"You've only lived here for four months.\" \"He never even mentioned the Ellington stuff– like it never happened.\" Kate didn't say anything. \"He said to ask you to dinner tonight.\" Dade filled her in on the restaurant details. \"That place is pretty exclusive. My mom knows the owner.\" \"Will you come?\" \"Do you want me to?\" \"I don't want to have to meet this woman alone. I guarantee you my dad has told her everything about my past.\" On the other end of the line, Kate nodded. \"I'll go ahead and get dressed. I'll be over in an hour.\" Just as Dade finished getting dressed, Kate knocked on the door. Wearing the same thing he had worn on their first date, he opened the door. Kate stood there looking ethereal in a blood red slip dress. The dress had a straight cut neckline and a slit up the side. Underneath she wore black stockings. Her makeup drew attention to her eyes, which was difficult, considering her mouth. Dade realized that he was staring and stepped back to let her in. Kate regarded him carefully. \"Are you okay?\" \"You keep asking that.\" \"Well, you hardly ever talk about your father.\" \"There's nothing to say. I love him; he loves me. I'm a fairly large disappointment. It's a normal dysfunctional relationship.\" \"But?\" Kate questioned, looking directly up into his eyes. Dade realized that the one person, besides maybe his mom, who could see right through him was Kate. He sighed, \"He doesn't know me and he doesn't want to. Ever since he found out about my hacking, he's acted like it never happened.\" Kate nodded. \"But that's you.\" He looked at her. \"Yeah. That's me. And he doesn't like to think about it. I can't even be mad at him. He does the best he can. That's why he and mom divorced. Because she deals with reality and he deals with whatever he want to.\" \"Not everyone can be as centered as we.\" Kate replied. Dade smirked. \"I guess not.\" \"So, shall we go and make nice with the new girlfriend?\" \"We shall.\" Dade stepped out of the cab in front of Mandatory at 6:45. He turned to help Kate out of the car. \"Fashionably late. Won't Razor and Blade be proud?\" Kate laughed. Once inside, a maitre' d, obviously chosen for his innate hipness, glared at them. \"Can I help you?\" Kate was the one who spoke. \"Yes, we're here with the Murphy party.\" After looking at his clipboard, the man directed them to follow him. About that time Dade noticed his father a table on the other side of the restaurant and, nudging Kate, pointed. \"Never mind,\" she said. \"We see them.\" The pair began to walk towards the table. Dade caught his father's eye and smiled.[Chapter 2] Author'srnNote: Heyrnguys.xa0 Yeah.xa0 I'm just going to start out by begging everyone'srnforgiveness.xa0 I'm an evil, evil girl whorndeserves for bad things to happen to her and her pets.xa0 But anyway, here it is in all its dubiousrnglory.xa0 In my defense, I'll give you thernsame spiel I gave liveforit2002 when she emailed me with the virtual kick in the pants (thanks byrnthe way).xa0 I was going to finish thernstory up but then I broke my hand.xa0 Whenrnit finally healed up, it was a scant two weeks until my graduation.xa0 After graduation, I had to get ready forrngrad school.xa0 I'm a bad person, but I apologize.xa0 I will try to be as regular as possible withrnmy updates from now on.xa0 As always, letrnme know what you think. I also want to thank everyone for the support that they have shownrnthrough reviews and encouraging emails.xa0rnIt is very nice to know that there's someone out there readingrnthis.xa0 If it weren't for you guys, Irnwould never have taken up this story again. And I'm sorry that this is so short, but I told you guys two weeksrnand failed to keep my promise.xa0 So thisrnis what I have.xa0 More to follow soon. Instability ChapterrnTwo Jeffrnrose as he spotted his son.xa0 Beside him,rna 30ish brunette smiled as Dade approached the table.xa0 Jeff noted that Kate trailed behind Dade, looking far too maturerna woman for his child. \"Dade.rnKate, I'm so glad you could make it.xa0 I wantrnto introduce you to my good friend, Gina Marshall.\" Ginarnrose to shake both Dade's and Kate's hand.xa0rn\"I'm very glad to finally meet you, Dade.xa0 Your father has told me wonderful things about you.xa0 He didn't mention that your girlfriend wasrnso pretty though.\" Katernsmiled and Dade spoke.xa0 \"He'd actuallyrnnever met her until this afternoon.xa0rnLess than stellar circumstances, I can assure you.\" \"Well,rnwe get past these things.\" said his father.xa0rn\"Let's sit down.\" Afterrnthe group had managed to settle down and order, Gina tried to instigate a bitrnof small talk.xa0 \"How was it that you twornmet?\" Dadernand Kate looked at one another.xa0 Withoutrna word an entire conversation passed between the two.xa0 \"Should we tell them the truth?\"xa0rn\"He's your dad.\"xa0 \"True.\"xa0 \"Well?\"xa0rn\"Eh, why not?\"xa0 \"Kay.\"xa0 Facing front once again, Dade began.xa0 \"I met her at school.xa0 She was assigned to show me around the firstrnday.\" \"Oh,\"rnGina interjected.xa0 \"Love at firstrnsight.\" \"Morernlike intense, blood boiling abhorrence.\" \"Irndon't understand.\" \"Well,rnshe told me that the school had a pool on the roof.\" \"Which,\"rnKate began.xa0 \"We don't.xa0 But in my defense, I wasn't going to tellrnyou that.xa0 Someone told me to.\" \"Peerrnpressure.xa0 Want some crack with that?\" \"Thanks.xa0 I try to stick to intravenous drugs.\"xa0 The two smiled at one another. Dadernsnapped his head back toward his father and his guest.xa0 \"Anyway, I went up to the roof, the doorrnlocked; it rained.\" \"So,rnafter that, sworn enemies.\" \"Fromrnwhat I saw earlier, you must have gotten over that.\" \"Therernare my many and varied manly charms to take into account here.xa0 She was powerless against me.\" Katernsmirked.xa0 \"Indeed.\" \"Asrnyour father, I'm not sure I want to know.\" Arndark look passed over Dade's face.xa0rn\"Probably not.\" Katernfrowned at his tone of voice but let it go. Ginarnmust have noticed the shadow that fell over the table, because she changed thernsubject.xa0 \"What do you two plan to dornafter graduation?\" \"MIT.\"xa0 They answered together. Ginarnlooked impressed.xa0 Jeff once again wasrnshocked.xa0 Not only was his son'srngirlfriend absolutely gorgeous, she also had brains enough to get into MIT. \"Irnknew you were considering it, son.xa0rnKate, congratulations.xa0 What dornyou plan on majoring in?\" Oncernagain, they answered together.xa0rn\"Computer science.\" Jeffrnlooked uncomfortable with this admission.xa0rnHe also became doubly worried about Dade's relationship with thisrngirl.xa0 She could get him back into thatrncomputer trouble.xa0 Of course, he hadrnheard all about the Ellington thing.xa0 Hernwould simply rather forget about it than have to deal with it.xa0 Jeff never could understand the reasons forrnhis son's delinquent habits.xa0 Whyrncouldn't he latch onto something normal– like skateboarding or, if it had to berncerebral, chess? \"Maybernyou should look at your options, Dade, before settling on something.\"xa0 Jeff suggested. \"I'mrndecided.\" Oncernagain, it was Gina who noticed the dark trend at the table and changed thernsubject.xa0 \"Are you going to live on campusrnor get an apartment?\" Katernanswered.xa0 \"Dade's going to live in arndorm, and I'm getting an apartment.xa0rnWe're going down to look at studios in a few weeks.\" \"Oh,\"rnsaid Gina.xa0 \"Who's we?\" \"Myrnmother and I.\" \"Whatrndoes your mother do?\" asked Jeff. \"She'srnan author.\" \"Whatrnkind of author, dear?\" asked Gina. \"Oh,rnlet me.\" exclaimed Dade.xa0 \"She's arnmilitant man hating feminist author, who's still mad Kate isn't arnlesbian.\"xa0 Smile. Katernraised an eyebrow.xa0 \"Give me time.\" \"Herrnlast book was entitled Women Who Love MenrnWho Are Emotional Amoeba[Chapter 3] A/N: Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Please don't hate me. I'm so bad. I'll try to be more timely inrnthe future. If I promised, I'd probably be lying. So, anyway. Here you go. Enjoy. And let mernknow what you like/hate/what to kill me for. Also, suggestions are completely welcome. If yournwant something to happen, let me know. XixieInstability It had taken Dade a while to get used to Kate's apartment. That it was twice the size of his oldrnhouse, combined with the fact that it was decorated like a museum's storage closet, used to makernhim uncomfortable. Now he barged in, threw his jacket on the table by the door and fell into thernblack leather armchair in the den. Kate followed him in more slowly and watched with a frown as he leaned back, closingrnhis eyes. The pained expression on his face pissed her off. Dade's father had called him two days after the Ellington debacle. He hadn't mentionedrnit once. It was as if he wished his son was a different person and was determined to carry on as ifrnit were so. Well, fuck him. Kate walked over to the chair, lowering herself onto Dade's lap. Although automaticallyrnputting one hand on her waist and lifting the other off his left knee, allowing her to throw herrnlegs over his, he did not otherwise move. Sighing Kate simply lied back. Dade wrapped his arms around her and pulled herrntowards him. \"Okay. I've been the quiet, supportive girlfriend for long enough. What's going on?\" Dade shifted a bit. \"He's just so . . .\" Kate paused for a second before, in an effort to get him talking, bouncing on his lap. Dade took the hint. \"He left mom you know.\" \"Yeah.\" \"He left her because of me.\" \"Dade. How many times does Oprah have to tell you, it's not your fault?\" \"I know that he did it, and that he had problems extraneous to me. But it all started withrnZero Cool and my damned 1500 computers.\" \"1507.\" Dade smiled at that. \"Exactly.\" \"You know, whenever I think about that, I get really hot.\" Dade looked into her eyes. \"Why do you think I talk about it so much?\" \"So. Do you want to forego the angst and make use of my mother's absence in a morernlascivious fashion?\" \"Kate, we make use of your mother's presence in a lascivious fashion.\" \"True, but we generally don't broadcast that fact to her. This way I could be loud. Reallyrnloud.\" \"Really?\" Dade asked hopefully. \"No. . . Well. . . No. Well. . .No.\" Kate wavered. \"I just wanted to get your mind offrnthings for a bit. Now I want you to listen. You are not to blame for anything. You can't help thernfact that you are hyper-intelligent, and you certainly can't help the fact that you can do what yourndo. When you were Zero Cool, you were a kid. You had all this knowledge and you didn't knowrnwhat to do with it. You didn't mean to harm anything. Now you have enough sense to not dornany of that. Your dad should have dealt with this like an adult. Your mom did. I mean,rnhonestly, you tried to avoid the Ellington thing, but I'm just too damned irresistible. \"Yeah. That's exactly why I did it. I just knew that you'd fall into bed with me straightrnaway.\" \"Indeed.\" \"He always tries to quilt me into doing what he wants. I hate it; it's manipulation. Herndoesn't really expect it to work now, but he resents that fact that it never did.\" The two were silent for a while. Finally Kate spoke, \"What are you going to do about thisrnsummer?\" \"Go to the wedding, skip Greece, and stay with mom. I'll also be having lots of sex withrnyou. But I assume that goes without saying.\" \"Pretty much, yeah.\" \"In fact, we could start now.\" \"We could, couldn't we?\" Nodding, Dade helped Kate to reposition herself so that she was straddling him. Slowly,rnKate began to unbutton Dade's shirt. Just as they began to kiss seriously, there was a knock. When they opened the door, Cereal, Phreak, Nikon, and Joey surveyed Dade's open shirtrnand Kate's swollen lips and flushed/disgruntled expression. Nodding slowly, Phreak looked from one to the other. \"Thwarted again, huh?\" he asked,rnmoving past the pair into the living room. Cereal looked at them solemnly. \"Don't you two ever do anything else?\" Kate released a held breath and shook her head. Dade answered. \"We never do anything. You guys always show up.\" \"No, son. We have only interrupted you seven and a half times.\" Nikon returned, makingrnwhat Dade called his \"Total Recall face.\" Joey looked confused. \"A half times? How's that work?\" \"Well, that time it was less interruptus and more watched through to the end.\" Kate's eyes darkened. \"What? We didn't want to stop you. You were moaning up a storm.\" \"Yeah, Kate.\" shouted Cereal from the kitchen. \"Never thought you'd be so loud. Yournwere never that loud with Kurtis.\" \"How the fuck would you know that?\" demanded Kate. Nikon cocked his head to the side. \"You told us. April 12th- last year. Quote. 'I canrnhave sex wherever. I don't make any noise' Nikon- 'Really, pretty boy doesn't get the jobrndone?' Kate- 'Yeah, I just don't see a need to scream about it.' Unquote.\" Kate was silent for a moment. \"Well, now I do. Or I would if you would go away.\" \"Now Kate,\" supplied Phreak. \"Is that any way to treat your friends? Especially friendsrnwho have come baring news of a grand party?\" \"Oh, yeah? What kind of party?\" \"The kind that threatens even the memory recall of ole polaroid head over here.\" \"So, the good kind, I take it.\" \"Oh, yes.\" \"Dade?\" questioned Kate, turning. \"Why not?\"[Chapter 4] A/N: Wow. Who hates me? I'd hate me if I were you. But here's another chapter. For some reason I've been attacked by a desire to write this story. I know that it's OOC, and I apologize, but I just wanted to keep Kate in the story. I couldn't really do that if she was on a completely different coast from our protagonist. So, anyway. Tell me what you think. As always. Xixie When Dade woke the next morning, he could hear his mother humming in the kitchen. By the time he had forced himself out of bed, and padded, bleary eyed, out of his room, she had begun to scramble eggs. \"Good morning, sunshine. You look chipper this morning.\" Dade grunted. \"Don't say \"chipper\" when I'm still asleep.\" Lauren smiled. \"Of course not. I'm making us breakfast. Why don't you go take a shower. Maybe you'll resemble a human being when you're finished.\" Dade didn't answer, he just moved towards the bathroom slowly. Once he had showered and returned, he did feel slightly more likely to not kill someone. He smiled slightly at his mother. Her back was to him, but he could still hear her humming \"Joy to the World\" under breath while making coffee. \"You know, it's nowhere near Christmas mom.\" \"I know. It's just stuck in my head for some reason.\" The sat down for an actual family breakfast, a rare occurrence in most American households. Dade could tell that his mom wanted to ask about his dinner with his father, but she managed to contain herself for an admirable length of time. Finally, \"So, how's your father?\" Dade could tell that she had no idea as to his reason for visiting. He wondered if there was any way to soften the blow. Deciding no, figuring that shock would actually be the best cushion, he answered. \"Engaged.\" Lauren was silent for a moment. \"Well. That's lovely. Did you meet his fiancé?\" Not looking up from his plate. \"Yes. She was nice enough, but not very pretty.\" Lauren closed her eyes and smiled. \"Thanks baby.\" Dade looked up and smirked. \"They're getting married this summer. I'm supposed to be the best man. He wants me to go on their honeymoon with them. I mean really. That's just weird.\" \"Well. It was nice of him to tell you in person.\" \"I guess. He also wants me to spend the entire summer with them.\" Lauren was silent. After a moment she asked, \"What did you tell him?\" \"I told him to stop being ridiculous. I didn't want to leave you for the entire summer and then go straight to Boston. That's just stupid.\" \"You can go if you want.\" Dade considered her for a moment. \"Mom, I think you know me well enough to realize that I am, if nothing else, a spoiled brat. I mean really, you buy me nice stuff, move to New York so I can get a life, and bail me out of jail without a second thought. If I wanted to move in with Dad, I'd throw a fit and do it.\" Lauren smiled. They both knew that it was a lie, but they had moved back into the happy and familiar realm of sarcasm and banter. \"Yeah. I never could get rid of you.\" Dade laughed. ***** Graduation came and went. Dade's father flew in for the ceremony, bringing his soon to be wife with him. It was the first time Lauren had an opportunity to meet Gina. The next day, Lauren made Belgian waffles for breakfast. \"What's the occasion?\" Dade was forced to ask. \"You were right. She's not as pretty as me.\" ***** Just two weeks before Dade was to fly out to Seattle, he and Kate were hanging with the guys at Cyberdelia. Nikon was extolling the beauty of some new type of software he had just designed. Cereal lounged, eating off of everyone else's trays, while Joey practically vibrated in his seat. \"So,\" Kate turned to her boyfriend. \"You're leaving me in two weeks?\" \"Yeah. Unless you want to be my date to the event. You know, then you could come with.\" Kate was silent for a moment. \"Okay.\" \"What?\" \"Okay. I'll come with you.\" She grinned. \"Thank you for asking me to accompany you, Mr. Murphy.\" \"That's sweet, darling. But the wedding's in Seattle. That's a long commute and the metro doesn't really reach.\" \"Whatever, and I'm ignoring the fact that you called me \"darling.\" Mom won't care. She's still in proud-mode because of MIT. I can stay in a hotel. That is, if you really want me to come.\" Dade looked at her with incredulity. \"Oh, of course not. I'd hate it if you'd come. That would suck.\" Kate nodded. \"Yeah. Looks like the hotel room won't be getting any extracurricular use.\" Dade smiled and leaned over to kiss her. \"I love you.\" Kate smiled back before leaning forward to meet him. \"For the love of God. Will you two give it a rest?\" Phreak threw a fry in their direction. \"We're trying to plan out Joey's future here. What, with all of us graduated. The boy needs guidance.\" Kate and Dade looked toward Joey, who was obliviously spooning far too much sugar into his coffee. Kate raised her eyebrows, but smiled. For some reason the perpetually addicted teen had grown on her. Pretty much like a fungus. \"Fine. What's his class schedule next semester? He needs to take Calculus.\" ***** Dade stepped off the plane sometime around dinner. He moved past a group of middle aged tourists, searching the crowd for his father. Seeing the taller man on the edge of the group, he turned purposefully towards him. \"Dad.\" \"Dade.\" Jeff yelled, moving to embrace his son before taking his carry on bag. \"How was your flight?\" \"Flight-like. In the traditional sense.\" Jeff surveyed his son for a moment. \"Ah. Your dry wit. The only thing I didn't miss about you.\" Dade smiled. \"Well, I've brought you a surprise.\" \"Really?\" Dade questioned, taking back his bag and slinging it over his shoulder. \"What is it?\" Jeff gestured to his right where two teenaged boys slouched against a wall. Dade smiled. \"Travis. Mike. What's up?\" The twos boys nodded as they pushed themselves off the wall. The brunette spoke first. \"We're good. Not that you ever call or anything.\" The blonde kid nodded and Dade sighed, walking to them. \"Dude, I emailed.\" The three met in the middle and stood for a second. Dade hadn't seen his two best friends since he had moved to New York. Granted, he hadn't kept in touch very well, but in his defense, he has a lot going on. The two boys looked over their friend, thinking of his inexcusable social faux pas for the same amount of time every 18 year old guy thinks about these things. In other words, .00023 seconds later, Travis shoved Dade's shoulder. Dade responded by hitting Mike's arm. And Mike rammed into Travis with his shoulder and pushed Dade at the same time. Guys haven't evolved socially since the time of the cavemen. The three had just made up and moved their relationship right back to the same place it was when Dade left. Sometimes ignorance rocks. Dade nodded. \"Where's Nicky?\" Mike pushed his blonde hair out of his eyes. \"Dad's house or something. Back tomorrow.\" Always the laconic one of the group, Mike had uttered the longest string of syllables he had put together that day. Dade nodded. \"Cool.\" Jeff put a hand on his son's back. \"Let's go grab some dinner.\" After getting Dade's luggage, the group approached Jeff's Taurus. Dade spoke. \"Can I drive? I haven't seen a car from the front seat since I moved.\" Jeff laughed and handed over the keys. \"Just don't kill us all.\" Dade pulled into the parking lot of his favorite Seattle diner just 30 minutes later. He walked back to get his carry on from the trunk. \"You can just leave it here, Dade.\" Dade slung the black case over his shoulder. \"Naw. It's my laptop. I don't want it to sit in the trunk too long.\" Jeff scowled, but didn't say anything. Over dinner, Jeff mostly let his son and his friends converse. Remembering something, he cleared his throat. \"Dade, day after tomorrow we have to go get fitted for your tux.\" Dade looked thoughtful. \"On Wednesday? What time?\" Jeff looked bemused. \"3:00. Why you got plans already?\" \"Well, sorta. Kate's plane lands at 3:30. I gotta be there to meet her at the gate.\" Mike and Travis exchanged a look. Who the heck is Kate? And why is Dade meeting her plane? Jeff sat silent for a moment. \"Kate? Your girlfriend, Kate?\" \"That'd be her.\" Dade's friend's eyebrows shot up. Jeff looked almost angry. \"Why is your girlfriend flying in on Wednesday?\" \"Um, you said I could bring a date to the wedding.\" \"I figured you could call up some girl you went to high school with when you lived here.\" \"Dad, honestly. You met Kate. She'd rip my throat out if I took out some other girl.\" While Jeff did not disagree with this statement, he was shocked. Eighteen year old girlfriends do not just fly all the way across the country to come to their boyfriend's father's wedding. \"Why didn't you tell me she was coming? Do you realize how many people we have staying at the house? It's crowded enough already. I don't see how we can squeeze her in the mix.\" \"That's cool. She's reserved a suite at the Regency.\" Jeff's mouth dropped open. A suite at the Regency. His baby boy's girlfriend, on a whim, wants to fly cross country, book a $500 a night room at a hotel, and come to his wedding. \"If there's so many people staying at your place, I can stay with her at the hotel.\" Jeff began to turn red. \"No you can't! What would your mother say?\" Dade looked off to the right. \" 'Tell Kate I said hi?'\" Mike and Travis looked ready to fall out of their seats. Jeff noticed their stares and calmed himself. \"We'll talk about it tomorrow, okay? I'm going to go call Gina. I'll tell her to reschedule the fitting for tomorrow. You're going to be meeting her family tomorrow. It'll be a big day.\" Dade took a sip of Coke. \"Fine.\" Jeff left the table, cell phone in hand. Dade looked at his friends. \"Speaking of.\" Pulling out his own cell phone, Dade scrolled down the phone book and hit send. \"Hey mom. . . . Yeah. I got here fine. . . . Dad's less than thrilled with Kate's imminent arrival. . . . I told him you would be cool with it, but I don't think he believed me. . . . Yeah. Oh. Well, I have Kate come get it. . . . Love you too. Bye.\" Hitting \"end,\" Dade immediately made another call. \"Hey. . . . Yeah, just finished dinner with Dad. . . . Not well. I get the feeling he doesn't really approve of you. . . . I guess. Screw him. . . . What's your mom saying? . . . . Gotcha. . . . Look, I left my wedding gift for Dad at home. Wonder if that's Freudian. Can you go get it from Mom? . . . . Thanks. . . . Yeah. . . .Yeah. . . . Love you.\" Dade ended the call and looked back to his friends. \"So, what are we doing while I'm here?\" Mike looked to Travis, who spoke. \"Listening to you explain about this new girlfriend. Must be fairly serious if she'd come here for you.\" \"It's serious, but I'd don't want to have to tell the whole story more than once, so we have to wait for Nicky. And I wanna wait for Burn. The story's fucked-up complicated. And I need her to take over in the middle.\" The guys looked confused. \"Who's Burn?\" Dade could see Jeff moving towards their table. \"It's just Kate's nickname. I'll explain everything when Dad's not around, okay?\" \"You'd better. Listen, Nicky gets back tomorrow. Come over to my basement when you get some time. We'll all hang.\" Mike nodded. ***** Dade spent the next day meeting various members of Gina's family. The mother-in-law seemed far too happy to be getting a grandson, and Dade didn't have the heart to tell her that getting an eighteen year old step grandson really didn't mean anything in the grand scheme. So he spent most of the day explaining about his college plans. One tense moment came when a well-meaning Aunt asked if he had a girlfriend. He explained that she was flying in for the wedding. Jeff had tried to jump in. It was obvious that he did not think this was appropriate. The husband of the same aunt also asked about Dade's laptop. Apparently, Gina had told her family about Dade's less than legal preadolescent hijinks. The Ellington incident had made world news and Uncle David wanted to know what the boy had been thinking. Dade nodded. \"Some friends and I didn't have anything better to do, so we averted a worldwide ecological disaster, saving a multinational corporation millions in the process. Then we went for pizza.\" Not really a big hit with the soon to be relatives, Dade asked his father if he could run over to Travis'. \"I haven't even seen Nicky yet.\" Making him promise to go get fitted for his tux first, Jeff relented. \"Be back in two hours though. We're having a nice dinner.\" ***** Dade walked around the back of Travis' house. He had spent hours in this basement as a child. Dade had met Travis in seventh grade. They had become friends mostly because Travis owned a computer and knew how to share. Mike moved into town a year later. He lived next door to Travis and, therefore, became a part of the group. Nicky joined in 9th grade, after blowing up the science lab. Dade had been impressed with the skill it took, Travis just liked the fact that science class was cancelled for two weeks, and Mike liked everybody. So the group had been set and all was well. Until Dade moved. But he was back and looking forward to seeing everyone again. He entered the back door, stepping directly into the basement. He could see Mike playing an X Box game in the corner. Before he could make his presence known, Travis turned around. \"Dade. Hey.\" Dade was going to say hello, but was cut off by a low voice. \"Well, I see you finally decided to stop by. It's not like I've been here all day or anything.\" Dade smiled, turning toward the voice. \"Damn, Nicky. I'm sorry. It's not like I was languishing in a pit of miserable family happiness or anything.\" \"Get yourself a girlfriend, almost get thrown in jail . . . again, and you just think you can come in here all smarmy and uppity, don'tcha?\" \"Yeah. Pretty much.\" A tall redhead in a Nirvana t-shirt moved to stare at Dade. Smiling, she finally threw herself at him. Spinning her around, Dade hugged her. \"Jesus, Nicky. Gaining weight or something?\" Once back on the ground, she hit him playfully. \"I hate you.\" \"You've been saying that since ninth grade.\" \"Yeah, but I've only meant it since eleventh.\" Travis shouted from the floor, where he was watching Mike's X Box progress. \"Break it up guys. Come sit down.\" Now that the four had finally been reunited, they all fell back into their traditional roles. Travis as group go-between, Mike as quiet laidback guy, and Dade and Nicky as far-too-smart-for-their-own-good bickering married couple. Sometimes it's difficult for two hyper-intelligent people to coexist. Dade made his way over to the old green sofa in the middle of the room. Nicky beat him there to sit next to Mike. Pulling the controller from his hands, she threw her legs over his. \"What's up with this whole girlfriend thing? Who'd date you?\" Mike calmly relinquished his video gaming and turned to Dade. In fact, Dade seemed to be the center of attention at this point. \"That's actually why I'm here. Dad needs the car tomorrow, so I need one of you to take me to pick her up. You can meet her then.\" Nicky nodded. \"Mike can drive. The Suburban's still running, so we can all fit.\" \"Way to answer for him, Nicky.\" \"Well, somebody has to do it. Now, tell us about this girl.\" \"Her name is Kate Murphy. And you'll get to meet her tomorrow. The story's complicated. She might as well help tell it. And I'm not talking about the Ellington thing until she gets her either.\" The three rolled their eyes. \"Fine. Tell us what it's like in New York. Have you been mugged yet?\"[Chapter 5] A/N: Yeah. Horrible person. My dad's was sick. I had school. Blah blah. Dad's fine. School'srnboring. But I am co-directing a full casted Rocky Horror Picture Show this Halloween. So, yayrnme. Here's chapter five. Arrival \"Look. I'm going to walk over to Travis', the whole group is going to pile into a Suburban and gornget her. We're taking her to the hotel, then we'll come back here for dinner, okay?\" Dade was trying very hard not to yell at his father. As Gina's sister, brother-in-law, andrnoh-so-preppy nephew were staying at the house for the wedding, he figured it would be better tornavoid a scene. Dade could almost understand his father's position. When he left Seattle, he had been different. rnHe had been less secure and more, well, teenager like. But having to deal with seasonedrncriminals, having your mother threatened by a maniac, and hanging out with some fairly jadedrnpeople will help a person grow. Really. \"Fine. Go. But I'm calling your mother. Let's see how she's going to take this.\" \"Yeah, Dad. Let's.\" Dade let the room, heading for the stairs. Jeff immediately picked up the phone. In New York, Lauren answered her phone on the third ring. After her salutation, Jeff began. \"We have to talk about Dade.\" Lauren had a moment of parental fear. \"Why? Is he okay?\" \"Well, I should say so. His girlfriend's going to be here in a couple of hours.\" \"Yeah.\" \"What do you mean yeah?\" \"I mean, I knew that. Dade forgot your wedding gift, so Kate came by yesterday to get it.\" \"You don't have a problem with the fact that our son, our child, has a girlfriend that will fly crossrncountry for him.\" \"He's not a child anymore, Jeff. You can't pretend he's still 11.\" \"Not a child? Maybe not, but I have met his girlfriend. She didn't look like the type of girl Irnwant my son to be dating.\" Lauren was quiet for a moment. \"What exactly do you mean by that?\" \"I mean, that she seems a little experienced. And she and Dade are far too comfortable with onernanother.\" \"Well, they are dating.\" \"When I came to see him, they were in bed. You weren't home.\" \"Okay, Jeff, you know what? I'm finished with this. You listen to me. First of all, I resent thernimplication that I'm a bad parent. I was at work. She and Dade were napping. Trust me, if theyrnwanted to have sex they would have gone to her apartment, her mother was on a tour, and Katernhas a bigger bed.\" \"Then you're admitting that they're having sex.\" \"Well, of course. Have you seen Kate? If she's willing, Dade's not going to fight her off.\" \"I'm betting she's plenty willing.\" \"You shut up.\" Jeff was shocked. \"What?\" \"I said shut up. First of all, how old were you when you started having sex? Seventeen as Irnrecall. So don't lecture me or Dade about abstinence. Secondly, and most importantly, I will notrnlisten to you call Kate a whore one more time. She's a lovely girl, and I like her. Granted, she'srnnot the cheerleader I'm sure you've picture Dade with, but you know what? She has a brain andrnshe doesn't take crap from anyone, including Dade. In fact, I'd watch out if I were you, cause Irnguarantee you that you don't scare her. She's the type of young woman I'd want my own daughterrnto be like. So unless you want to estrange your son, and piss me off, you'd better be nice. I hadrnenough of your crap during the divorce, and I'm not going to take it now.\" Lauren hung up thernphone. ***** Dade and friends arrived at the airport about twenty minutes before Kate's plane was due. rnUnfortunately, it was off schedule and they were forced to wait nearly an hour for Kate's arrival. Nicky flung herself into one of those uncomfortable airport sofas. She gestured for the boys tornarrange themselves around her. Travis dragged one of the chairs closer to the couch, while Daderntook another. Mike settled himself next to Nicky and, characteristically, waited for someone tornspeak. Nicky obliged. \"What does she look like?\" Dade groaned. \"Fine. She's tallish, I guess. And she has dark hair.\" \"How long have you been dating?\" Travis inquired. \"Since before Thanksgiving. It's a long story.\" Mike spoke up quietly. \"Are you having sex?\" The group turned to look at him. A whole sentence, and a hardcore question. From Mike. rnShocking. Nicky smiled. \"My boy coming in with the big guns. So, are you?\" Dade put on his blank face. Oh, what the hell? \"Yes.\" The three nodded. \"Okay then.\" Nicky paused. \"Well, she can't be too hot if she's sleeping withrnyou. I mean, she had to be fairly desperate, didn't she?\" Dade smiled. Good to know things don't change. \"As opposed to all the guys lining up to sleeprnwith you. I don't notice you with a boyfriend.\" \"As a matter of fact, I have a date with someone for your dad's wedding.\" Everyone looked surprised. Mike spoke. \"With who?\" Nicky turned to him. \"Some guy from my church. My mom knows his mom.\" \"Oh.\" \"We're just going as friends though.\" Mike nodded. \"Oh.\" Dade jumped in. \"Well, that's cool. I'd like to meet the guy willing to hazard alone time withrnyou.\" Travis laughed. \"Me too.\" Nicky turned away from Mike. \"Well, the wedding's in a week and a half. Which reminds me. rnWhy is Kate flying out so early? If she's coming to be your date, that is.\" \"I figured you guys could meet her. And I could show her around Seattle. And I just wanted herrnto come. And she didn't have anything better to do.\" \"So she has enough money to buy plane tickets and reserve hotel rooms.\" \"Well, her mom's famous. And she's glowing with pride because of the MIT thing. So Ruth'srngoing to be in Ireland, Kate just used the credit card her mom gave her.\" Travis sat up. \"Her mom's famous?\" \"She writes self help books, like Women Who Love Men Who are Emotional Amoeba andrnTwenty seven Ways to Tell that He's a Loser. Nicky laughed. \"Ruth Libby? She's her mom?\" \"Yeah.\" \"I saw her on Oprah. That's crazy.\" Mike, always the best listener, \"What MIT thing?\" \"She got in. Technically, we both did.\" Stunned silence. Travis spoke. \"Wow, man. Congratulations. Damn I knew you were smart,rnbut damn.\" Dade shrugged. The conversation turned to reminiscing and before long, the plane landed. People poured off thernplane. Travis noted a very pretty girl around their own age with shoulder length black hair,rnwearing a flower print dress. \"Is that her?\" \"No.\" \"Too bad.\" \"Not really.\" \"Dude, if you say so.\" The room began to crowd with people. Finally, Nicky saw a girl exit. Nudging both Mike andrnTravis, she laughed. \"Well, I'll bet you do wish it were that girl.\" Both guys nodded. Kate was wearing the same thing she had on the first time she and Dade met. It was clingy; itrnwas street, and Kate looked absolutely unapproachable while wearing it. It was a look she hadrncultivated after years of conversations with morons. Carrying a bag much like Dade's, shernwalked towards the gate. Dade smiled. \"Don't have to.\" The girl, closer, overheard. \"Don't have to what?\" \"Wish.\" Winding an arm around Dade's neck, Kate nodded. \"That's always nice.\" Dade nodded before wrapping one arm around her waist and leaning down to kiss. Kate gingerly set down her laptop without breaking the kiss. Finally able to give her fullrnattention she turned into Dade, wrapping her other arm around his neck. Dade wound another arm around her and lifted, deepening the kiss. Kate sighed in the back ofrnher throat before pulling back. Dade didn't put her back on the ground and Kate looked into hisrneyes. She leaned in for one more chaste kiss before turning her head to the left. \"Hi. I'm Kate.\" Dade set her back on her feet. \"Nicky, Mike, and Travis.\" He gestured toward each. \"Kate.\" Picking up her bag, Kate aligned herself next to Dade. He put an arm around her and smiled. rn\"Dad refused to let me use the car. So Mike is being generous with his.\" Kate smiled at him. \"Thanks.\" Mike nodded. Dade's friends seemed fairly speechless. Not unusual for Mike, but it still tookrnNicky a moment to recover. \"Um, anyway. If we have to have you back at Dade's house forrndinner, we better go to the hotel.\" Dade suggested they go retrieve Kate's luggage. Two suitcases and a hanging bag later, therngroup was piling into Mike's car. Kate climbed in the back between Dade and Travis, whilernNicky took the front passenger seat, next to Mike. Dade laid his right hand on Kate's thigh and she put her hand over it. Kate looked up. \"This is arncool car Mike. No one in New York gets to drive anywhere. No one I know even has a license.\" \"Well,\" Travis pointed out. \"Except for Dade.\" Kate turned. \"You can drive?\" \"It's pretty standard in suburbia. I had to sell my car before we moved.\" \"What do you guys do for fun around here? I've never been to Seattle.\" Nicky laughed. \"Honestly we don't do much of anything.\" Dade broke in. \"I'm sure we can find a club somewhere.\" \"Cool. Which reminds me. Razor and Blade gave me a box they want us to deliver somewhere.\" Dade snorted. \"Where?\" \"I don't know. They gave me a burned CD. Said directions were on there, but not to watch itrnuntil I was with you.\" \"Hotel.\" Kate nodded. Kate and Dade's friends did the get to know you thing until they arrived at Kate's hotel. Parkingrnon the corner, they lugged her baggage up to the front desk. Finally a bellhop came to relievernthem of her stuff and escort them up to room 3742. Kate immediately open her laptop and took out the CD. She set the computer on a table near thernbed. The guys, including Nicky, sort of spread themselves around the room where they couldrnsee. Dade and Kate climbed onto the bed. The screen showed a mushroom cloud which resolved into a white screen. The screen slid away,rnrevealing two heavily made-up Asia men, i.e. Razor and Blade. Razor spoke first. \"Crash, Burn. It's good to talk to you. Especially when you can't talk back. Irnrealize that the two of you are probably wanting to, uh, reunite or whatever.\" Blade broke in. \"We're using \"reunite\" as a euphemism for \"fuck.\" We're nothing if not tactful.\" Razor nodded thoughtfully. \"Yes. Tactful. Anyway, we were going to have to head to Seattlernourselves, in order to deliver the highly illegal program you hold in your hands.\" Kate, at this, dug the black box out of her bag. Blade continued over Razor. \"But since we heardrnfrom our somewhat hippie houseguest that you were going to be there, we figured we could putrnour much deserved vacation time to better use.\" Razor broke. \"Yes. We shall find a tropical beach and reunite, as it were.\" Dade smiled. \"As it were.\" Kate laughed. \"Anyway, we figured that the two of you owe us. Considering the fact that we made yourngenerals of the digital army we created. Not that we'd begrudge you. Burn, my dear, so feral. rnKinda turns me on. If that were my thing.\" Once again Razor spoke up. \"And Crash. You didn't tell us you were Zero Cool. You just comerninto our club looking innocent and unaware. And here you are, hacker icon.\" Razor took a moment to consider. \"I always thought you were Asian.\" Kate had to hold back a laugh. Dade, looking bemused, just nodded. Kate looked over. \"If it'srnany consolation, I never thought you were a chick.\" Dade raised his eyebrows. \"Well, I did think that you were probably a pocket protector wearingrndork, but not a chick.\" \"Good to find out you were at least wrong about the pocket protector part, wasn't it?\" Nickyrnthrew in. Kate snapped her head to the right. Making eye contact with the girl, she smiled widely. rnSmart-ass women have to stick together, and she and Nicky just bonded. They all looked back to the screen where Razor was leaning on Blade and whispering something. rnBlade nodded. \"You can take the box to Jubal. He'll be at a club called D.B.A. Burn's butch enough to get in. rnCrash, you'll need to appropriate some eyeliner or something. You look so damn unassuming. rnI'm trusting Burn to tart you up. Anyway, just tell the bouncer who sent you. He'll tell you wherernto go.\" Razor broke. \"Two such media icons as ourselves are on many guest lists. Just do it beforernSunday, okay?\" \"Ciao.\" The screen went blank. Kate turned to Dade. \"What's D.B.A?\" Travis answered. \"It's a big gay club over on 21st.\" Kate nodded. \"Well, we were gonna go clubbing anyway. You thinking Friday?\" Dade shrugged. \"Sure.\" Nicky interrupted. \"Okay. So you're going to transport illegal programs for your funny, if notrnslightly fey friends. That's cool. Now will you please tell us about this damn Ellington thing? rnAnd how an idiot like you got a girlfriend?\" \"Nicky thinks she's funny.\" Kate nodded. \"I think she's funny.\" \"Anyway,\" Dade scowled. \"I never did have time to tell them the full story. So go ahead. I'llrncorrect you when necessary.\" Kate gave a long-suffering sigh and started at the beginning. \"You see, we don't actually have arnpool on the roof, strictly speaking . . . .\" ***** Dade and Kate entered Jeff's house sometime around 8:00. Jeff had insisted that Dade be backrnfor a late dinner with the \"family.\" Knowing how Dade's father felt about her, Kate offered to change into a more acceptable outfit. rnDade pointed out the fact that nothing short of a trip to the Gap, a haircut, and some strategicrnplastic surgery making her look far less edible would make his father happy. Shrugging, Katernheaded out the door in the same outfit she had shown up in. The man Dade had been instructed to call \"Uncle Jimmy\" was sitting in the living room with hisrnson, Nathan. They looked up as the front door opened to allow Dade and Kate's entrance. After introducing Kate, Dade went to find his father. Finding both Jeff and Gina in the kitchen,rnjust finishing making dinner, he notified them that he was back. \"Well,\" began Gina. \"It will be wonderful to see Kate again. How is she?\" Dade smiled. \"She's fine. Tired from the plane.\" Jeff nodded. \"I suppose she'll want to head back soon after dinner to get some rest.\" \"Most likely. If dinner's gonna be a few more minutes, I figured I'd just run throw some stuff inrna bag.\" Jeff paled. \"Excuse me?\" Dade sighed. \"I'm staying with Kate, Dad. Let's not make an issue of it.\" \"No issue? You are not old enough to be staying in a hotel with your girlfriend.\" \"I'm 18 Dad. Officially, I'm old enough to do most anything I want.\" \"I am still your father. I have no idea what your mother has let you do in the past, but you willrnnot sleep with that girl while I'm in charge. I can't believe you would even date a girl like that.\" Dade glowered. \"Let's get one thing straight, Dad. I do not like the way you made \"that girl\"rnsynonymous with \"whore.\" Kate is my girlfriend. In fact, if you don't drop this right now, I'llrngo upstairs, pack, and be back in New York by tomorrow morning. I'm staying with Katerntonight. That's the end of it. I can either stay for dinner, or leave now. You're choice.\" Gina raised both hands . \"Why don't we just have dinner. Dade, go pack up a bag. Show Katernyour room. Jeff, go set the table. There's no reason to fight over this.\" Dade walked back towards the living room. As soon as he had left, Nathan and Jimmy had stared at Kate incredulously. Nathan smiled in arnvacuous manner. \"So, you're from New York.\" Kate smiled. \"Yes.\" Jimmy narrowed his eyes. \"How did you meet Dade?\" \"We go to school together.\" Nathan, in an attempt to flirt: \"I thought that Dade went to one of those magnet schools for reallyrnsmart kids.\" Kate regarded him coolly. Once deciding that he honestly didn't see it as an insult, she spoke. rn\"He does.\" Luckily, Dade entered soon after this last remark. \"Hey Burn, let's go upstairs so I can get somernthings together.\" Kate stood gladly and followed him to the stairs. Once safely ensconced in Dade's second floorrnboudoir, he picked up a pillow and threw it at a wall. Kate nodded. \"So I see that things went well with your father.\" \"Well, if nearly calling you a whore equals well, then I guess so.\" Kate laughed. \"A whore, huh?\" Dade looked at her in alarm. \"I'm sorry. I shouldn't have told you that. He was mad that I'mrngoing to stay with you at the hotel.\" Still smiling, Kate put a hand on his arm. \"I've been called a lot worse. I'm used to it.\" \"We should just leave, go back to New York.\" \"No. Years from now, you'll be sorry.\" \"Well, we should just go back to the hotel.\" \"Maybe you should just stay here. I know that you get upset when you're father's being likernthis.\" Dade looked up from stuffing things in a duffel bag. He managed to look insecure, pitiful, andrnexpectant all at once. \"Do you want me to stay here?\" Kate bit her bottom lip before walking over to where Dade stood in front of his bed. \"No,\" shernsaid, pushing him down onto his comforter and moving to straddle him. \"I want you to comernback to the hotel, with me. I'm wired. I need someone to make me sleepy.\" Dade tried to think of something witty to say, but decided that letting Kate get the last wordrncouldn't hurt. There was a knock, and Gina stuck her head in. \"Oh. Sorry. Dinner's ready.\" Kate stood up and extended her hand to Dade. \"We gotta go.\" Dade sighed heavily. \"Guess so. But let's drop my bag by the door, in case we need a fastrngetaway.\" Kate laughed. ","Summary":" Author's Note: Okay. Here's my second story. This is my attempt at a plot. I don't want to annoy an"},{"Movie":"Mask of Zorro Legend of Zorro","Title":"Honey - Der Weg deines Herzens - Mask of Zorro Fanfic","Author":"LunaLu93","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10119262","Passage":"[Chapter 1] PROLOG ~ Das Ende \"García, das sind die Murieta-Brüder!\" Jack, ein muskulöser Mann mit weißen Haaren und Bart, zog seine Gefangenen an den Seilen zu den Soldaten. Die beiden waren große Männer, der eine mit glattem, mittellangem Haar und listigen Augen. Der Andere hatte eine lange, wild gelockte Mähne und einen großen Bart. Jack sprach den Korporal auf Spanisch an. \"Na, mein Freund? Erkennst du die beiden?\" Er riss ihm den Steckbrief aus der Hand, auf dem eine schlechte Zeichnung der beiden Gefangenen und ein Kopfgeld zu sehen waren. Der Korporal nahm seine gesamte Autorität zusammen, deutete auf die beiden Männer und sagte: \"Diese Männer sind nun im Gewahrsam von Korporal Armando García. Wir nehmen sie den Rest des Weges mit und du kannst dir dein Kopfgeld in Glasgow abholen.\" Jack lachte verächtlich. \"Natürlich. In Glasgow.\" Der Gefangene mit der wilden Mähne trat vor und fragte: \"Wie viel gibt's denn für uns?\" Jack schubste ihn zurück, sagte dann aber:\"Naja... alles in allem... so um die Zweihundert Pesos, Alejandro.\" Alejandro und sein Bruder sahen sich ratlos an. Der anscheinend Ältere fragte: \"Zweihundert Pesos pro Nase? Mehr nicht? Nach all den Lohngeldern, die wir geraubt haben? Mehr sind wir nicht wert?\" Er schien wütend. \"Was dachtest du denn?\", ertönte da plötzlich eine Mädchenstimme hinter den Soldaten. Ein Mädchen war aus dem Haus gekommen. Es war sehr hübsch, hatte mittellanges, rotblondes Haar. Sie beobachtete die Gruppe mit einem schelmischen Lächeln, blieb aber direkt vor dem Haus stehen. \"Du? Hier?\", fragte Alejandro. \"Wir verschwenden unsere Zeit\", sagte García. Es sollte herrisch klingen, hatte aber einen verwirrten Unterton. Da meldete sich Jack wieder. \"Moment mal - zweihundert Pesos... für euch beide zusammen...\" Die Brüder machten große Augen. Das Mädchen verkniff sich ein Lachen. Alejandro stürmte zu Jack: \"Bist du verrückt? Lass dich damit nicht abspeisen!\" García trat einen Schritt vor, brüllte:\"Ruhe jetzt!\" und schlug Alejandro hart ins Gesicht. Dann geschah alles sehr schnell. Joaquín, der ältere Dieb, streifte seine Fesseln ab, als wären sie nicht da, packte García am Kragen, zog seine Pistole und hielt sie gegen den Korporal gerichtet. \"Fass meinen Bruder noch einmal an\", sagte er kalt, \"und ich leg dich um.\" Mit diesen Worten stieß er ihn gegen die verdatterten Soldaten. Alejandro sprang vor, packte den Korporal am Kragen, sagte „Der macht das wirklich!\" und schubste ihn dann gegen die anderen Soldaten. Das Mädchen verdrehte die Augen. Einer sagte: „He - ich dachte ihr wärt gefesselt!\" Joaquín lachte kalt und richtete seine Pistole auf die Soldaten. „Da siehst du mal wie dumm du bist.\" Fast keiner hatte gemerkt, dass Jack das Ende des Seils aufgehoben hatte, an das Joaquín angeblich gebunden gewesen war. Doch jetzt trat auch Alejandro vor, und die beiden schwangen das Seil wie ein Springseil gegen die Beine der Soldaten, die Augenblicklich hinfielen. Jack zog eine Pistole und stieß ein paar Warnschüsse in Luft. Alejandro zielte mit einem Gewehr auf die Soldaten, die nun ängstlich die Hände hoben. „So...\", sagte Joaquín ruhig, „Wir wissen das ihr eine Geldkassette habt. Wo ist sie?\" García deutete zitternd auf den Wagen. Joaquín grinste. „Na los, Fettsack\", er stupste den unter sich liegenden Korporal mit dem Gewehr an. „Aufstehen. Wir sperren euch in die Hütte da drüben. Sagen wir... ihr dürft in zwei Stunden herauskommen und um Hilfe rufen.\" Die Soldaten zögerten, doch als Jack sie mit seinem Gewehr anstubste, rappelten sie sich hoch und gingen zusammengedrängt vor Jacks geladener Waffe her. Joaquín wandte sich dem Mädchen zu. „Du hast mir immer noch nicht gesagt was du hier machst\", sagte er unfreundlich. „Guten Tag, Bruder. Ich freue mich auch dich zu sehen\", sagte das Mädchen ohne zu lächeln und dem Blick ihres Bruders standhaltend. Sie erklärte: \"Ich bin zufällig hier. Eigentlich wollte ich etwas kaufen, aber ihr seid mir wohl etwas zuvor gekommen. Ihr hättet nicht das ganze Essen stehlen müssen.\" Jack kam mit zufriedenem Gesichtsausdruck zu den Dreien. „Ah Honey, meine Schöne.\" Honey ignorierte diese Begrüßung und fragte: „Was habt ihr jetzt vor?\" \"Mit dem Wagen zum Pueblo\", erklärte Alejandro. \"Wir können dich mitnehmen.\" Honey nickte. Doch dann sagte sie stirnrunzelnd: \"Ich wüsste nur gerne, wie weit ihr im Pueblo kommt.\" \"Was meinst du?\", fragte Alejandro. Honey nickte zu den Steckbriefen, auf denen ihre Brüder abgebildet waren. \"Ach … vorher kannte uns auch schon jeder.\" \"Vorher wart ihr aber keine 200 Pesos Kopfgeld wert.\" \"Hör mal\", sagte Joaquín mit kühler Stimme, \"das hatten wir schon. Misch dich nicht in Angelegenheiten, die dich nichts angehen.\" \"Ganz bestimmt nicht. Umso mehr bemühe ich mich um Angelegenheiten, die mich etwas angehen.\" Sie trat einen Schritt auf Joaquín zu. Dieser lachte verächtlich. \"Ich beginne zu zittern, wenn ich deine Entschlossenheit sehe.\" \"Ich auch, wenn ich an das denke, was passiert, wenn man euch erwischt\", Honey ließ nicht locker. „Kümmere Dich um deine Probleme.\" „Ihr seid mein Problem! Ihr-\" Joaquín packte Honey grob an den Schultern. „Hör mal zu. Bis jetzt haben wir dir alles geboten. Wir haben dir Essen gegeben, Geld - glaubst du, du würdest so leben wenn du uns und unser Diebesgut nicht hättest?\", er drückte noch grober zu und beugte sein Gesicht leicht zu Honey herunter, „wenn du weiterhin etwas zu Essen haben willst und wenn du die Sicherheit willst, dass wir nicht mal ausversehen dich oder deine kleinen Freunde bestehlen, dann benimm dich!\" Den letzten drei Worten versetzte er einen drohenden Nachdruck. Er schubste Honey von sich weg, machte kehrt und lief zum Wagen. Honey sah ihm schweigend hinterher. Alejandro sah den Schmerz in ihren Augen und wusste, dass Joaquín sie mit seinen Drohungen verletzt hatte. \"Er meint es nicht so. Ich - wir würden niemals damit aufhören, dir Essen zu geben. Wir würden dir nichts antun. Und man erwischt uns nicht, Honey.\" Honey lächelte Alejandro an - doch es war gezwungen. Die vier stiegen auf den Wagen, Jack nahm die Zügel. Er trieb die Pferde an. Sie fuhren aus dem Hof und in die Steppe. Immer gerade aus, hier und da eine Biegung. Joaquín warf Honey böse Blicke zu, Honey ignorierte ihn. Als sie um die vierte Biegung fuhren, stockte ihnen der Atem. Jack hielt die Kutsche an. Dort war ein dutzend berittener Soldaten mit mexikanischer Flagge - und in ihrer Mitte der Hauptmann. Sie waren in eine Falle getappt. Der Hauptmann trug eine Yankeeuniform und hatte ein langes Gewehr auf dem Schoß. \"Nicht bewegen\", flüsterte Honey, doch die Männer ignorierten sie. Sie sprangen vom Wagen und Joaquín zog Honey mit. \"Nein!\", rief sie. Doch es war zu spät. Jack wurde im Sprung von einer Kugel getroffen und blieb mit verletztem Bein am Boden liegen. Honey rief Jacks Namen, und wollte neben ihm niederknien, doch die anderen Männer rannten weiter und zogen Honey gewaltsam mit sich. Da knallte es wieder - und Joaquín sackte zusammen. Eine Kugel hatte seinen Oberschenkelknochen zerschmettert. Er schrie vor Schmerz und ließ Honey los. Alejandro machte kehrt und kniete sich neben seinem Bruder nieder. \"Geht, alle Beide! Euch soll er nicht auch noch kriegen!\", flehte Joaquín. \"Nein! Wir-\" Alejandro zog an Joaquín, doch dieser versetzte ihm einen verzweifelten Schlag, sodass Alejandro in Richtung Fluchtweg taumelte. „Geht!\", flehte Joaquín. Alejandro nickte Honey zu und rannte davon, doch sie bewegte sich nicht vom Fleck. „Honey!\", brüllte Alejandro entfernt. Es war zu spät. Die Soldaten hatten sie fast erreicht. Honey sah Joaquín verzweifelt an. „Ich kann nicht.\" „Es tut mir Leid\", flüsterte er. Die Soldaten bildeten einen Kreis. Honey lief verängstigt rückwärts, doch ein Soldat sprang vom Pferd, verdrehte ihr den Arm auf dem Rücken und legte den anderen um ihren Hals. Sie keuchte auf. Alejandro war außer Atem. Noch rechtzeitig versteckte er sich einige Meter entfernt im dichten Gebüsch. Er konnte das Geschehen beobachten, doch hier, das wusste er, würden sie ihn nicht finden. Inzwischen waren die Soldaten bei Honey und Joaquín angekommen. Sie bildeten einen Kreis um sie und ließen den Hauptmann durch eine Lücke in die Mitte reiten. Er hielt sein Pferd direkt vor Joaquín. Nun konnte man sein Gesicht genau sehen - er hatte fast schulterlanges, blondes Haar und einen anliegenden Bart. Der Offizier würdigte Honey keines Blickes. Erst sah er Joaquín verächtlich an, dann zog er langsam seinen Degen. \"Damit du' s weißt,\", sagte er kalt zu ihm, \"das ist mir eine Ehre.\" Joaquín verstand. Aber er würde sich nicht ermorden lassen. Sekundenschnell spuckte er vor dem Hauptmann auf den Boden. Dann zog er seine Pistole und - erschoss sich. Honey schrie nicht. Sie starrte nur entsetzt auf ihren Bruder, der mit einem erstickten Schmerzensschrei zu Boden fiel und reglos liegen blieb. „Nein\", flüsterte sie. Es schien nicht wirklich zu sein. Für sie schien die Zeit stehen geblieben zu sein. Sie wollte ihren Bruder ansehen, seinen Blick auf ihr spüren, doch da lag er. Der Hauptmann saß ungerührt, sogar scheinbar ungehalten auf seinem Pferd. Er holte Luft, stieg langsam ab und ging auf die Leiche zu, dabei ward er Honey einen kurzen, flüchtigen aber durchdringenden Blick zu. Das Mädchen schluchzte. Sie bebte leicht unter dem festen Griff des Soldaten. Der Hauptmann holte aus; in einem Bruchteil einer Sekunde verstand Honey. Der Mann vor ihr ließ den Degen hinunterfahren und - in einem Zug war Joaquíns Kopf vom Körper getrennt. Honey schrie „NEIN!\". Nicht im Stande, die Leiche anzusehen hatte sie den Hauptmann angeschaut und sich so das grauenhafte Schauspiel nicht genau sehen müssen. Auch jetzt sah sie ihm entsetzt ins Gesicht. Er wandte sich von der kopflosen Leiche ab. \"Die Leiche vergraben - den Kopf einpacken\", wies er knapp seine Leute an. Er wischte das Blut mit einem Tuch vom Degen. „Was ist mit ihr?\", fragte der Soldat, der Honey festhielt. Love drehte sich um. Als er auf Honey zuging, begann sie, sich leicht zu wehren. Der Soldat verstärkte den Griff um ihren Hals. Love blieb nahe vor ihr stehen und musterte sie abschätzend. „Wie ist dein Name?\" Honey schloss die Augen und eine Träne rollte ihr über die Wange. „Honey.\" Der Mann lächelte kalt. „Und woher, kennst du diesen Mann, Honey?\" Das Mädchen schluckte. „Er…\", sie schluckte erneut, sah verzweifelt zur Seite, dann zu dem Soldaten und flüsterte fast unverständlich leise; „Er war mein Bruder.\" Der Hauptmann sah auf. „Tatsächlich?\" Er lächelte kalt. „Von einer Schwester habe ich noch nichts gehört.\" Er blickte sie an. Sie stieß ein schluchzendes, trotziges Geräusch aus. Wie eine gerade ankommende Erkenntnis flüsterte sie kläglich: „Er ist tot!\" Der Mann vor ihr lachte leise und wandte sich ab. \"Was ist mit ihr?\", fragte der Soldat, der sie hielt. \"Wegschaffen\", antwortete der Hauptmann ohne sie noch eines Blickes zu würdigen. Honey fuhr hoch. Als das Bild vor ihren Augen klar wurde, sah sie sich um. Es war dunkel, ein kleiner Spalt Sonnenlicht flutete durch ein kopfgroßes Loch in der Wand, dass jedoch mit drei festen Gitterstäben gesichert war. Honey begann zu frieren, sie wollte sich aufrappeln, doch als sie sich bewegte, hörte sie ein klimpern. Sie war angekettet, am rechten Fuß. Jetzt erst spürte sie den Schmerz, der Kettenring umschlang ihren Fuß eng und das Eisen stach ihr in die Haut. Sie musste nicht nachdenken, wo sie war. Mit aller Kraft versuchte sie die Erinnerungen an das Geschehene zu verdrängen, doch trotzdem kamen ihr Tränen. Sie sank wieder in sich zusammen und lehnte den Kopf an die Wand. Da hörte sie ein Geräusch. Jemand kam näher. Dann wurde ein Schlüssel in die schwere Holz- Eisentür gesteckt, die Honey einsperrte, und zweimal herumgedreht. Die Tür ging auf. Obwohl Honey nichts anderes erwartet hatte, zuckte sie zusammen, als sie den Mann sah, der ihre Zelle betrat. Langsam und bedrohlich kam er auf sie zu. Als er in ihr Gesicht sah, lächelte er. Er blickte in ihre tränengefüllten Augen und meinte: \"Tz tz tz… Du weinst ja. Immer noch.\"[Chapter 2] KAPITEL I ~ Ein Alptraum Honey sah ihn mit einer Mischung aus Hass und Angst an, wandte dann jedoch den Kopf stur zur Seite, damit er nicht ihre Tränen sehen konnte. Der Mann lächelte weiter, trat noch näher an Honey heran und sagte: \"Oh - kein Grund sich zu schämen.\" Er musterte Honey aufmerksam. Honey wollte einen Wutschrei ausstoßen, sein widerwärtiger Sarkasmus trieb ihr noch mehr Tränen in die Augen. Sie schloss kurz die Augen, und eine Träne rollte ihr über die Wange, dann wandte sie das Gesicht und sah den Soldaten an. \"Was wollen Sie?\" Der Mann ging nicht auf ihre Frage ein. Stattdessen stellte auch er eine. \"Wo haben die Murietas ihre Beute versteckt?\" Er lächelte selbstsicher. Hier würde er auf keinen Widerstand stoßen. Captain Love besah dass kleine Mädchen unter sich - sie konnte grade mal dreizehn, vierzehn Jahre alt sein. Er musterte ihre Kleidung; zerrissen und dreckig. Ihr Gesicht war von Schmutz und Schrammen gezeichnet. Ihre Haare ein Durcheinander. Ihre blutigen Beine fest eingekettet. Er empfand kein Mitleid. Die unterste Schicht - sie hatte es nicht besser verdient. Ungebildet, dreckig, sogar unzivilisiert. Mit seinen neunundzwanzig Jahren hatte er als Soldat schon eine Karriere hinter sich, von der sogar manche vierzigjährige noch träumten. Er war mit achtzehn ins Militärlager in Texas, seinem Heimatland, geschickt worden. Schon mit zwanzig wurde er für den Krieg für die Unabhängigkeit Texas' eingezogen. Im ersten Krieg gegen Santa Anna leistete er eine Menge, und stieg schnell zum Oberleutnant auf. Mehr durch Zufall lernte er Samuel Houston persönlich kennen. Die beiden Männer freundeten sich auf der Reise durch Texas an, und Love lernte viel von ihm. Vor dem Angriff auf Alamo wurde Love für ihn unerwartet zum Hauptmann von Houston' s gesamter Armee ernannt. Oberster Offizier mit fünfundzwanzig - das war sehr selten. Love war schließlich auch einer der handverlesenen Männer, die Santa Anna über den Rio Grande als Gefangenen zurück nach Mexiko brachten. Er verbrachte zahllose Stunden mit ihm im Gespräch, und noch bevor sie die Grenze erreichten, wurde sie Freunde. Santa Anna lud Love ein, mit sich zu kommen. Love verbrachte zwei Jahre mit kurzen Unterbrechungen in Santa Annas Gesellschaft. Zwischendurch wurde er für vier Monate nach Marokko eingezogen, um im Feldzug für Spanien gegen Napoleon zu kämpfen. In dieser Zeit lernte er Don Rafael Montero und seine bezaubernde Tochter Elena kennen. Mit siebenundzwanzig kehrte er nach Mexiko zurück und wurde von Santa Anna empfangen. Er jagte von Zeit zu Zeit berüchtigte Banditen, bis er einen Brief von Montero erhielt. Dieser lud ihn nach Kalifornien ein, wo Montero und seine Tochter bald eintreffen würden. Montero weihte ihn nach und nach in seine Pläne ein. So war er also in Kalifornien. Die Zeit bis zu Monteros Ankunft vertrieb er damit, Monteros Armee zu leiten. Über die Mexikanische Regierung hatte er von den Murietas gehört, Diebe, die wegen unzählbaren Diebstählen und massenhaften Fällen schwerer Körperverletzung von Soldaten und anderen in ganz Kalifornien gesucht wurden. Verfolgt hatte er sie nicht der jämmerlichen zweihundert Pesos wegen. Zweihundert Pesos - ein gerecht niedriger Preis für solche verkommenen Diebe. Love hatte nicht damit gerechnet, dass sich dieser Feigling von Mann sich selbst erschießen würde, sobald er Love' s Degen auch nur sah. Aber noch viel weniger hatte er damit gerechnet, ein kleines Mädchen bei den Männern vorzufinden. Da sie zweifellos eine Angehörige der Kerle war, wäre es wohl besser gewesen, sie gleich mit umzubringen. Doch was hätte ihm das gebracht? Ein wehrloses Mädchen umringt von Männern töten, konnte jeder. Er kam ihr so nah, dass seine Schuhe ihre Beine berührten. Verächtlich zu ihr hinunterschauend sagte er: \"Antworte mir.\" Jetzt war es an dem Mädchen, verächtlich zu ihm aufzuschauen. \"Ich sage Ihnen gar nichts.\" Love hob die Brauen. \"Wie bitte? Vielleicht sollte ich dir ein bisschen Respekt beibringen - Antworte mir.\" Sie sah geradewegs an Love vorbei. Er kniete nieder, griff ihr ans Genick und zog sie hoch. Er verstärkte seinen Griff. Sie schluckte. \"Ja … das tut weh. Wo?\" \"Direkt hinter dem Hals.\" Love seufzte. So hatte er sich das nicht vorgestellt. Das er handgreiflich werden müsse, hatte er gewusst. Aber er hatte nicht viel Zeit und wollte schnell die wichtigen Informationen aus ihr herauspressen, bevor er sie abschob. Er packte ihr Gesicht mit einer Hand am Kinn, presste das Kinn zusammen, zwang sie, ihn anzusehen. Die andere Hand legte er an ihre Hüfte, und strich diese hoch, unter ihrem Oberteil. Seine harte Stimme wurde etwas sanfter, blieb jedoch eiskalt. \"Na?\" Er wollte ihr Angst machen, was er anscheinend auch schaffte. Allerdings empfand er keinerlei Erregung. Das Mädchen sah weg, doch sagte leise: \"…Ihre Beute haben sie gleich benutzt oder …weitergegeben, soweit ich weiß. Ein Lager haben sie nicht.\" Love ließ von ihr ab. Und schon hatte er sie geknackt. Wie einfach. \"Was weißt du noch?\" Honey schüttelte abweisend den Kopf. Love befahl ihr mit einem Kopfnicken, sich zu setzen. Dann warf er noch einen verächtlichen Blick auf sie und verließ die Zelle. Den Soldaten vor der Tür wies er an: \"Bringen Sie ihr Wasser, zum trinken und waschen.\" Dann stieg er die Treppe hoch, die zum Ausgang führte. Nach dem Honey sich waschen konnte - der Soldat hatte sie allein gelassen und ihr sogar eine Fußkette abgenommen - und nachdem sie endlich etwas getrunken hatte, verschwand der Nebel in ihrem Kopf etwas. Sie fröstelte. Ihre vom Wasser nassen Haare und ihre noch nicht ganz trockene Haut zogen die Kälte buchstäblich an. Aber sie fühlte sich besser, nun, da sie kein getrocknetes Blut mehr am Körper hatte und da sie endlich den Dreck hatte abwaschen können. Einen Teil der grauenhaften Erinnerung an den Vortag. Sie kniete zu Boden und lehnte den Kopf an die harte Steinwand. Kurz darauf fiel sie in einen unruhigen Schlaf. Love kam augenblicklich nachdem der Soldat ihn hatte rufen lassen bei der Zelle an. \"Was ist mit ihr?\", fragte er den Soldaten. \"Sie schreit…\", der Soldat schien verunsichert. Love runzelte die Stirn und ging zur Zelle. Das Mädchen lag mit dem Kopf an die Wand gelehnt. Sie rief tatsächlich etwas - sie schlief jedoch. \"…Ich - Nein! Nein!…\". Sie atmete schwer, ihr Brustkorb hob und senkte sich merklich. Love fiel jetzt, wo sie ihren Dreck abgewaschen hatte, besonders auf, dass sie keinerlei Ähnlichkeit mit Murieta hatte. Ihre rotblonden Haare, helle Haut - tatsächlich, sie hatte sogar blaue Augen. Äußerst ungewöhnlich für mexikanische Kinder. Ihm fiel auch ihre jugendlich-weibliche Figur auf und dass sie recht hübsch war für ein Straßenkind. Einen Moment dachte er an sein - im Moment aufgrund viel Arbeit nicht zu genüge erfülltes - Liebesleben und sah das Mädchen vor sich, doch er verwarf den Gedanken wieder, als sie erneut stöhnte und schrie. Er zog eine Braue hoch. \"Sie haben mich gerufen, weil sie einen Alptraum hat?\", fragte er abrupt den Soldaten neben ihm, welcher verunsichert in die Zelle sah. Der Soldat zuckte zusammen. Love sah ihn an. Der Soldat neben ihm war noch recht jung, aber was hieß jung - wenn es einen jungen Soldaten gab, war Love es selber. Aber nicht jeder Soldat war jung und auch noch erfolgreich. Der Mann konnte höchstens zweiundzwanzig sein. Er schien verunsichert. \"Ich-\", stammelte er, \"sie hat geschrieen..\". \"Das tun Kinder, wenn sie Angst haben.\" Love lächelte, auch wenn er verärgert war. \"Wecken Sie sie. Dann schreit sie vielleicht nicht mehr.\" Love schlug dem Mann auf die Schulter und wandte sich zum gehen. \"Jawohl, Sir.\" Der Soldat zog den Schlüssel heraus und schloss die Tür auf. Schon als er näher an Honey herantrat, schrak mit einem Keuchen hoch. Sie schluckte. \"Es war nur ein Traum..\", sagte der junge Soldat leise zu ihr. Love drehte sich kurz um. Als das Mädchen Loves Züge durch die Gitterstäbe sah, zuckte sie zusammen. Sie schluckte erneut und zitterte merklich. Ihre Mundwinkel zuckten, sie senkte den Blick und schlug die Augen zu Boden. Sie begann, leise zu weinen. Love sah sie abfällig an. Er kam einen Schritt zurück, auf die Zelle zu. \"Was hast du geträumt?\", fragte er. \"…Vielleicht kommen Sie selbst drauf\", sagte das Mädchen und es hätte sehr feindselig geklungen, wäre da nicht ein zittern in ihrer Stimme gewesen. Sie sah Love nicht an. \"Erzähl' s mir.\" Er lächelte. Sie hob den Blick. \"Sadist\", sagte sie fast unhörbar. Love stockte. Hatte er das gerade richtig verstanden? Sadist? Die Bedeutung und Beleidigung dieses Wortes mal außer Acht gelassen… woher wusste sie bitte, was ein Sadist war? Kinder in ihrem Alter wussten so was nicht, selbst Erwachsene Indios und Einwohner sprachen nicht auf diesem Niveau. Er kam langsam auf sie zu, an dem jungen Soldaten vorbei, durch die Zelle. Er neigte den Kopf zu ihr herunter. \"Wie bitte?\" Honey blickte ihn verwirrt, ängstlich und wütend an. Love beugte eine Hand hinunter, packte sie am Ausschnitt ihres Oberteils. Dieses Mal nahm er keine Rücksicht, brutal schleuderte er sie gegen die Wand, fing sie und presste sie am Kinn dagegen. Das Mädchen schrie vor Schmerz und Angst. \"Was hast du gesagt?\", fragte er laut. Er zog sie zurück und schleuderte sie erneut gegen die Wand. Sie keuchte, sein Gesicht war angespannt und wütend. \"Ein Sadist, ja? Haben deine dreckigen Geschwister dir das beigebracht? Willst du mir ernsthaft einreden, die Mistkerle waren deine Geschwister?\", rief er. \"Sie… sie haben mich großgezogen!\", antwortete Honey unter Anstrengung, seine Hand um ihren Hals nahm ihren Atem, würgte sie. Love wollte etwas erwidern, doch hielt inne. Warum diese Aufregung. Er spürte den Hals des Mädchens in seiner Hand, dass er die Luftzufuhr unterbrach. Honey keuchte nach Luft. Er spürte die Macht, den Hals mit einer Bewegung, verstärktem Druck sofort brechen und sie somit töten zu können - und lies von ihr ab. Sie sackte zu Boden wie eine leblose Hülle. Am Boden blieb sie keuchend und lautlos weinend liegen. Der junge Soldat starrte zerrissen auf das Geschehen, den Blick gesenkt. Love richtete sich auf und fuhr sich laut atmend an der Nase lang. Er beobachtete das Mädchen am Boden. Dann sah er den Soldaten energisch an und befahl: \"Fesseln Sie ihre Hände und knebeln Sie sie. Dann sperren Sie sie wieder ein.\" \"Womit soll ich sie knebeln?\" Love starrte den Soldaten einen Moment an, dann lachte er kalt aber anscheinend amüsiert. \"Soldat… Gefangene knebelt man mit einem Tuch. Soll ich Ihnen vielleicht auch noch zeigen wie das geht?\" \"Nein, Sir\", sagte der Soldat sehr leise und rot im Gesicht. Love musterte ihn kurz abschätzend. Die Augen seines Untergesetzten huschten immer wieder verunsichert, fast entschuldigend zu Honey, die die beiden Männer keines Blickes würdigte. Allerdings hörte sie zu. In ihrem Kopf pochte es unangenehm, und Angst und Schmerz schnürten ihre Kehle zu. \"Sie haben Mitleid\", fragte Love und ein leises Lächeln spielte um seine Lippen. \"Nein, Sir\", sagte der Soldat erneut und senkte den Blick. \"Dann befolgen Sie meine Anweisung\", sagte Love, immer noch lächelnd. Der Soldat wartete kurz und sah Love an, offenbar dachte er, Love würde jetzt die Zelle verlassen, doch Love lehnte sich gelassen mit dem Rücken gegen die Gitterstäbe und beobachtete wieder das Mädchen am Boden. Der Soldat zog ein weißes Tuch aus der Tasche seines Uniformrocks, schüttelte es aus. Dann ging er auf Honey zu, blieb kurz unsicher vor ihr stehen. Kurz darauf kniete er nieder und fasste Honey fast sanft mit der Hand unters Kinn. Honey sah in aus feuchten Augen an, nicht flehend, aber verletzt. Der junge Mann schluckte und zog an dem Kinn. Honey öffnete den Mund ein Stück weit. Ihr Blick fiel auf den Uniformrock des Soldaten vor ihr - sie sah etwas Glänzendes und fasste eine Entscheidung. Der junge Soldat wich erschrocken zurück, als das Mädchen blitzschnell den Degen aus der Scheide zog, die an seinem Uniformgürtel hing. Love stieß sich von den Stäben ab. Er sah das Mädchen stirnrunzelnd an. \"Lass das\", sagte er fast drohend. Der Degen, der immer noch locker in der Hand des Mädchens lag, zitterte merklich. Die Kleine konnte doch nicht tatsächlich gegen ihn kämpfen wollen - abgesehen davon dass er seit seinem sechzehnten Lebensjahr perfekt focht und professioneller Berufssoldat war, war sie dreißig Zentimeter kleiner als er. Honey zitterte noch mehr. Dieser Soldat verstand nicht, was sie vorhatte. Aber dieses Vorhaben schien ihr fast noch absurder als sich mich ihm anzulegen. Sie konnte nicht mehr - sie wollte nicht mehr. …Was lies sie hinter sich? Egal. Zum überlegen gab es jetzt keine Zeit. Das leise Lächeln auf Loves Gesicht verschwand, als Honey den Degen am Griff fest in die rechte Hand nahm, den Arm hochsteckte - und sich die Klinge an den Hals hielt - gerade einen Millimeter entfernt. Er holte tief Luft und sagte nach einem kurzen Moment: \"…Tu das nicht.\" Eine Träne lief dem Mädchen über die Wange, ihre Stimme war eine Spur höher. \"Wieso nicht?\" Als Love nichts erwiderte, flüsterte sie: \"…Ich habe nichts zu verlieren.\" \"Dein Leben.\" Zum ersten Mal lächelte das Mädchen - tonlos, traurig, verbittert - verzweifelt. \"Das verliere ich sowieso.\" Love stockte einen Moment, dann holte er tief Luft. Er zweifelte daran, dass das Mädchen sich tatsächlich bewusst war, dass Selbstmord das absolute Ende war, der - für ihn - peinlichste Tod, eine Tragödie. Umso mehr wunderte er sich, dass sie in ihrem zarten Alter auf so eine Idee kam. Das brachte ihn auf einen Gedanken; \"Dann stirbst du also genauso wie dein Bruder\", sagte er und konnte den Hohn über Murieta nicht verbergen. Einen Moment sah Honey aus, als wolle sie reflexartig etwas erwidern, diskutieren oder ihm etwas Freches an den Kopf werfen - doch sie hielt inne. Ihr Kinn bebte. \"…Sieht so aus…\", flüsterte sie nur. \"Liegt wohl an der Familie\", sagte Love leise. \"…Aber sie haben dich ja nur großgezogen. Was für eine Verschwendung.\" Er ließ sie nicht aus den Augen und versuchte, sie abzulenken, redete leichthin, als wäre ihm die Situation egal. Er sah sie durchdringend an. \"Lass es\", flüsterte er beschwörend. \"Damit Sie es tun können?\", Honeys Stimme war heiser. 'Sie hat Angst', dachte Love. Er ging einen Schritt auf sie zu. \"Nein!\", rief Honey. \"Damit du noch ein Bisschen vom Leben hast.\" Er ging noch einen Schritt auf sie zu. Sie spannte den Degen an. Er beugte sich etwas zu ihr, ihr Arm zitterte - sie würde es nicht tun. In der nächsten Sekunde Kniete Love mit einem Bein neben ihr, das andere aufgesetzt, umfasste die Hand, die den Degen hielt. Einen Moment überlegte er, ob er die Hand gegen die Wand hauen sollte, damit sie den Degen losließ, doch er ließ es. Einen Moment verharrten sie so - seine Hand umfasste ihre und er dicht an ihr dran, dann ließ sie den Degen in seine Hand gleiten und sackte zusammen, mit das Gesicht in den Händen verborgen.[Chapter 3] KAPITEL 2 ~ Erwachen Love ließ den Moment tatsächlich über sich ergehen, ohne mit der Wimper zu zucken oder etwas zu sagen. Honey lag an seiner Schulter - eher kraftlos als bewusst. Dann schien ihr aufzufallen, dass gerade unfreiwillige Nähe stattfand und sie spannte sich an. Love richtete sich auf und schob sie von sich weg, dann stand er auf. Er bemühte sich, seiner Stimme einen möglichst kalten und teilnahmslosen Unterton zu geben. \"Und jetzt ist Schluss mit den Spielchen.\" Er wandte sich an den Soldaten. \"Morgen will ich sie hier nicht mehr sehen.\" \"Was meinen Sie damit?\" Love wandte sich an Honey, als hätte sie die Frage gestellt. Sie blickte ihn verwirrt und leicht verängstigt an. \"Du bist nutzlos. Ich habe Wichtigeres zu tun.\" Honey verkniff sich eine Bemerkung. \"Wohin soll ich sie bringen, Sir?\" Der Hauptmann hob den Kopf und blickte seinen Untergesetzten scharf an, dann sagte er bestimmt: \"Morgen früh wird ein Wagen bereitstehen.\" Mehr dazu sagte er nicht und fragen war sinnlos, so viel war offensichtlich. Der Soldat nickte kurz angebunden. Love drehte sich und musterte das Mädchen. Sie sah immer noch verstört darüber aus, dass sie zusammengesackt war. Einen Moment ruhte sein Blick auf ihr, dann wandte er ihn abrupt zum Soldaten und sagte: \"Das war's dann.\" Er drehte sich um, warf ihm den Degen zu und verließ die Zelle. Als sie allein waren, sah Honey langsam zu dem jungen Mann vor ihr auf. \"Wohin?\" Der Soldat verstand. \"Ich weiß es wirklich nicht.\" Er schien mit sich zu ringen, doch raffte sich zusammen und versteifte sich schließlich wieder vollkommen militärisch. Ohne ein weiteres Wort oder einen bedauernden Blick kniete er neben Honey nieder, fesselte ihre Arme auf dem Rücken zusammen und öffnete ihren Mund, um sie anschließend zu knebeln. Sie blickte ihm beinahe mitleidig nach, als er die Zelle verließ und abschloss. 'Verkehrte Welt', dachte er nur. Am nächsten Vormittag wurde Honey von eiligen Schritten geweckt. Sie wurde - halbschlafend - hochgezogen, man entfernte ihre Fußketten und den Knebel. Ihre Hände blieben gefesselt. Erst als sie die frische Luft atmete, wurde sie richtig wach. Es schien, als würde sie aus einer Trance erwachen, die Sonne schien ihr ins Gesicht. Sie wurde über einen Hof geführt, der von Mauern und drei Gebäuden umrahmt war. Einige Soldaten und Diener liefen hektisch umher. Honey hatte diese normale Welt in der Zelle vergessen - die Menschen, den Lärm, den sie machten, die Sonne, die Wolken, den Wind, die frische Luft, mit der sich ihre Lungen nun füllten. Sie begann, sich für Gefühle zu öffnen. Und dann brach der Schmerz über sie herein. Ihr Bruder war tot. Sie hatte es realisiert, doch dass linderte den Schmerz nicht. Sie hatte es begriffen - wenigstens würde sie jetzt beginnen, es zu verarbeiten. Jeder der Züge ihres Körpers, genau das zu tun, schmerzte höllisch, als hätte man den Körper, ihre Gedanken durchlöchert. Der Soldat zog sie weiter, sie konnte sich nicht alles ansehen. Vor dem von zwei Soldaten gesicherten Tor, das zum Pueblo-Gebiet mit der Kirche, dem Brunnen und dem großen Platz führte, stand eine Kutsche. Es war offensichtlich eine Kutsche für Gefangene - der hintere Teil glich einem Käfig. Jedoch war dieser, bis auf die Gittertür, mit einer dicken, schwarzen Plane überhängt worden. Der Soldat zog Honey zur Kutsche, öffnete die Gittertür und wies Honey an, hineinzusteigern. In der Kutsche saß bereits jemand - ein schmächtiger Junge und ein alter Mann. Honey erinnerte sich, die beiden gesehen zu haben, ihnen gehörte die Raststätte, an der sie vor einigen Tagen ihre Brüder und Jack getroffen hatte. Auch ihnen waren die Hände gefesselt. Honey setzte sich unbequem auf den Boden. Der Soldat schloss die Gittertür ab und schwenkte die Plane darüber. Jetzt war es stockdunkel. Von draußen hörte man Geräusche und Anweisungen, und nach kurzer Zeit setzte sich die Kutsche in Bewegung. Alles war problemlos verlaufen. Montero und seine Tochter dürften jetzt gerade in ihre Hacienda eingezogen sein. Nach ihrer offiziellen Ankunft am Strand - bei der Montero eine anregende Rede gehalten haben sollte, wie erzählt wurde - waren die Beiden Zur Hacienda gebracht worden und seine Soldaten hatten Gepäck und sonstiges hinterher gebracht. Alles war perfekt. Montero war angekommen - damit war Loves Bezahlung gekommen. Und natürlich endlich eine lukrative Aufgabe. Elena war angekommen - und damit eine wunderschöne Frau, die Love oft sehen konnte. Er hatte einen Murieta inklusive Komplizen geschnappt - und gleich eine Trophäe mitgenommen. Love stand am Fenster seines Büros und besah sich den nachmittäglich sonnengefluteten Hof. Er dachte an die Kleine. Weg war sie. Interessantes Mädchen - in vielerlei Hinsicht. Warum er sie so abrupt weggeschickt hatte, konnte er sich nicht richtig erklären. Sie hatte ihm Zeit geraubt, er hatte wirklich Wichtigeres zu tun. Möglicherweise hatte er sich auch davon abgehalten, etwas Schlimmeres mit ihr anzustellen, als ein Verhör. Wobei diese Möglichkeit wahrscheinlich von der Realität abwich. Love konnte sich nicht nur beherrschen - er hatte auch genug andere Möglichkeiten, sich Freude zu verschaffen. Aber da war vielleicht noch mehr. Dinge, die sich Love nicht eingestehen konnte - oder durfte. Rücksichtslos und zuverlässig - sein Vorzeigeschild für einen guten Soldaten. Kein Mitleid. Er wurde jäh aus seinen Gedanken gerissen, als jemand klopfte. \"Ja.\" Die Tür ging auf, ein älterer, kräftiger Soldat trat ein und salutierte. \"Sir. Entschuldigen Sie die Störung. Es gab einen Zwischenfall.\" Love runzelte die Stirn. \"Ein Waffenlager\", erklärte der Soldat, \"in der Nähe von Yerba Buena wurde überfallen. Man konnte die Diebe nicht schnappen.\" \"Mehrere?\" \"Sieht ganz danach aus. Aber wir wissen, wo sie ich aufhalten. In dem Wald direkt vor dem Waffenlager. Man lässt alle Verbindungen aus dem Wald heraus bewachen. Wir erwarten weitere Befehle.\" \"Der Wald wird durchsucht.\" \"Ja, Sir. Und - noch etwas… eine Frage… könnte es sich um einen Murieta handeln?\" Love schwieg einen Moment. Ja… das könnte durchaus sein. Auch wenn man einem gescheitem Mann die Klugheit zutrauen könnte, sich nach dem Verlust eines Komplizen erstmal im Verborgenen zu halten. Wenn Murieta jetzt Rache wollte, was läge näher, als sich Waffen zu besorgen. Ohne auf die Frage seines Untergesetzten zu antworten, sagte Love: \"Ich werde mit Ihnen reiten.\" \"Sir, das ist nicht -\" \"Das entscheide ich. Wenn Murieta da draußen ist will ich ihn. Lebend. Wir brechen sofort auf.\" \"…Gut, Sir. Wir lassen Ihr Pferd satteln.\" Love ging zu seinem Schreibtisch, nahm einen Schluck Mescal und steckte seine Pistole in den Gurt. Noch einen Murieta. Warum nicht. Dann stockte er. Er sah auf. \"Die Gefangenenkutsche.\" \"Ja, Sir?\" \"Wann ist sie aufgebrochen?\" \"Vor wahrscheinlich fast zwei Stunden, Sir.\" \"Wir müssen sie einholen.\" \"Einholen?\" \"Beeilen Sie sich. Bevor sie ihr Ziel erreicht.\" Der Soldat sah verwirrt drein, salutierte aber und verließ den Raum. Love blickte entschlossen. Er hatte die Kleine nicht zum letzten Mal gesehen. Möglicherweise waren es dreißig Minuten, vielleicht auch drei Stunden. Honeys Zeitempfindung hatte ausgesetzt. Ihre Augen hatten sich - so gut es ging - an die Dunkelheit gewöhnt, trotzdem sah sie nichts als die Schemen des Jungen und des Mannes. Ihre Glieder taten weh, die Kutsche schaukelte hin und her. Honey hatte keine Ahnung wo sie waren und noch weniger wohin sie fuhren. Gemütlich würde es an diesem Ort wohl nicht sein, sonst hätte sich dieser Soldat sicher etwas anderes überlegt. Tatsächlich - Honey nannte ihn dieser Soldat! Kannte sie den Namen überhaupt? Captain… Aber schon wenn sie an ihn dachte bekam sie ein flaues Gefühl im Magen. Der Mann verwirrte sie. Sie hatte die Momente in der Zelle verschwommen durchlebt. Nun fühlte sie sich, als wäre die Blase, die in den letzten Tagen um sie herum war, geplatzt. Vielleicht wäre sie imstande gewesen, ihm jetzt ihre Meinung zu sagen, egal, was danach geschah. Aber … nur vielleicht. Denn wenn sie den Hauptmann gesehen hatte war ein Bild aufgetaucht, er, mitleidlos vor der Leiche ihres Bruders, mit dem Degen ausholend… Trauer durchströmte sie. Es war egal. Sie würde den blonden Mann nie wieder sehen. Ein Ruck durchfuhr die Kutsche. Anscheinend war sie stehen geblieben. Stimmen von außen waren zu hören, Honey merkte, dass die Schemen in der Kutsche sich unruhig regten. Wo waren sie? Nervös starrte Honey in die Dunkelheit. Dann war ein Geräusch an der Tür und sie wurde aufgerissen. Der Sonnenstrahl, der in die \"Zelle\" fiel, stach Honey in die Augen. Ein Mann lugte in die Kutsche. Barsch fragte er: \"Honey? Ist hier eine?\" Honey sah verstört drein. Sie regte den Kopf und sah den wettergegerbten Mann an. Dann senkte sie leicht nickend den Kopf und fragte: \"Was…?\". Doch sie wurde von der kläffenden Stimme des Mannes unterbrochen. Er beugte sich aus der Kutsche hinaus und rief: \"Ja, sie ist hier, Sir.\" Irgendwer sagte etwas. Der Mann beugte sich wieder in die Kutsche, packte Honey am Arm und meinte: \"Dann komm mal raus.\" Honey wurde aus der Kutsche gezogen. Ihre Beine waren eingeschlafen, ihre Hände auf dem Rücken schmerzten von den Fesseln und nun blendete sie die Sonne auch noch, strahlte ihr direkt ins Gesicht. Mit verengten Augen sah sie sich um. Als erstes sah sie die Bäume. Sie mussten direkt neben einem Wald fahren, auf der anderen Seite Felsen. Dann sah sie Pferde, die nicht zu der Kutsche gehörten. Berittene Pferde. Von Soldaten beritten. Und dann verschwand die Sonne, jemand hatte sich davor gestellt und Honey konnte besser sehen. Ruckartig kam Leben in sie. Das war doch nicht möglich. \"Captain Love, sie… Beruhige dich!\", rief der Mann hinter ihr. Das Mädchen vor ihm versuchte im dritten Anlauf vergebens, sich dem Mann zu entwinden, der sie festhielt. Love nickte diesem zu. Honey wurde losgelassen. \"Und jetzt? Na komm, renn los. Wenn du Glück hast schaffst du hundert Meter\", sagte der Mann, der sie festgehalten hatte. Love warf ihm einen lächelnden Blick zu. \"Bindet sie auf ein Pferd\", befahl er. \"Kannst du reiten?\", fragte ein Soldat, der weiter hinter Love stand. Pause. Love verdrehte die Augen - vielleicht hätte er doch auf das Mädchen verzichten sollen - als sie doch noch antwortete. \"So bestimmt nicht.\" Sie warf einen Blick zurück auf ihre gefesselten Hände. Tatsächlich. Sie konnte antworten. \"Und sonst?\", fragte der Soldat weiter. \"…Etwas.\" Love drehte sich um und wollte befehle an seine Soldaten geben. \"Gut. Dann -\" Zum ersten Mal unterbrach Honey ihn. Ihr war aufgefallen, dass Love nichts direkt an sie gewandt gesagt hatte, als was betrachtete er sie? \"Was ist eigentlich los?\" Love blieb stehen. Dann drehte er sich um und sah Honey ins Gesicht. Er setzte seinen Befehl fort, ohne den Blick von ihr abzuwenden. \"Dann wird sie auf ein Pferd gesetzt. Die Zügel werden übernommen.\" Er sah wieder zu den Soldaten; \"Wir teilen uns auf.\" Honey sah zu Boden und sagte leise: \"Sie wissen auch nicht was Sie wollen.\" Die leistete sich eine Menge. Er sagte, ihr einen Blick zuwerfend, während er sein Pferd bereitmachte: \"Ich will deinen zweiten Bruder. Und den kriege ich auch noch.\" Die Soldaten lachten. \"Auch?\", fragte Honey, sie begann vor Wut zu zittern - oder vor Angst? Love hielt inne und sah sie an. Unter Mut und Mühe sagte sie zu den Soldaten, schwer atmend: \"Ein Irrtum - Sie haben es gerade mal geschafft, ihn dreizehn gegen einen zu umzingeln, bevor-\" Love war näher gekommen, drückte sie nun mit seinem Körper gegen die Kutsche und sagte leise: \"…Bevor Murieta seinen Kopf verloren hat.\" Er ließ sie los. Die Soldaten sahen ihn respektierend an. \"Ich reite allein, Sie,\", er deutete auf den Mann hinter Honey und dann auf sie, \"reiten mit ihr…\" Honey achtete nicht auf den Rest. Als der Mann hinter ihr die Fesseln löste und sie hochziehen wollte, stieß sie seine Hand weg und richtete sich mühsam selbst auf. Sie starrte ins Leere und dann zu Love, dessen Blick exakt in dem Moment auf sie fiel. Sie sahen sich kurz an, bis der Mann hinter ihr sie zu einem Pferd zog. \"Aufsteigen!\", befahl dieser, zog ihren Fuß in den Steigbügel und half ihr an der Hüfte beim aufsteigen. Dann wurden die Zügel ihres Pferdes übernommen, alle ritten los. Auch ihr Pferd setzte sich in Bewegung. Die Männer teilten sich, zwei Soldatengruppen jeweils den Weg weiter - sie würden einen anderen Weg in den Wald nehmen. Love ritt direkt in den Wald hinein, Richtung Nordwesten, Honey und der Soldat Richtung Nordosten. Eine Weile ging es im langsamen Trab durch den Wald. Hier und da hielt der Soldat die Pferde an, lauschte etwas, er zog sogar selten ein Gewehr aus der Halterung am Sattel, steckte es jedoch wieder ein. Honey grübelte darüber nach, was das alles hier bringen sollte, auch wenn sie eine leise Ahnung hatte. Aber es konnte doch nicht sein, dass Alejandro sich hier aufhielt. Und selbst wenn - wie sollten die Soldaten das herausgefunden haben? Drückende Nervosität lag auf Honeys Brust, auch weil sie nicht wusste, wo sie ursprünglich hingebracht werden sollte. Waren der Junge und der alte Mann schon dort? Lebten sie überhaupt noch? Dass sie in einem unbequemen Sattel über Wurzeln und durch Gestrüpp ritt, verbesserte Honeys Wohlbefinden keineswegs. Sie dachte an Captain Love, so hatte man ihn genannt. Er war also der Hauptmann, alle hörten auf ihn. Seltsam - dabei schienen einige der Soldaten mindestens ein Jahrzehnt älter zu sein als er, auch der Mann, der sie führte. Bis jetzt hatte sie Love irgendwie nie richtig betrachtet - als Menschen. Wie alt konnte er sein? Ungefähr so alt wie Alejandro… Honey zuckte zusammen. Die beiden Männer zu vergleichen versetzte ihr einen Stich. \"Was ist los?\", fragte der Soldat, der Honeys Zügel führte, unfreundlich. Sie sah auf. \"Nichts…\" Der Mann besah sie kurz, irgendwie feindselig, dann wandte er sich wieder dem Weg zu. \"Du weißt also nicht warum wir das hier machen?\" Honey schüttelte den Kopf, und obwohl der Soldat das nicht sehen konnte, erklärte er: \"Ein Waffenlager in -\", er unterbrach sich, offenbar wollte er ihren Aufenthaltsort nicht verraten, \"hier in der Nähe wurde überfallen.\" Er grinste sie an. \"Wir haben da so eine Vermutung. Deswegen bist du hier. Loves Idee. Eine kleine… Nachhilfe.\" Er grinste breiter. Als Honey keine Regung zeigte, wurde er ernster. Er sah sie aufmerksam an. \"Tut dir was weh?\" Honey lächelte schwach. \"Man hält es aus.\" Der Soldat wandte den Blick nach vorn. \"Heftige Sache. So von ihm zurechtgewiesen werden - das muss wehtun.\" Er lächelte ein wenig. \"Normalerweise ist er gelassener. Ich habe ihn schon im Krieg erlebt. Aber\", er blickte Honey gutmütig an, \"du hast seine Ehre verletzt. Da ist er wahrscheinlich empfindlich. Ist bei vielen ehrgeizigen Soldaten so.\" \"Seine… Ehre. Hm.\" \"Allerdings, die hat er. Die hat er sich verdient.\" Honey schüttelte den Kopf und sah weg. \"Sie vergöttern ihn.\" Der Soldat lachte. \"In dem Alter Captain - ich habe einen Heidenrespekt vor ihm.\" \"Wie alt ist er?\" \"Achtundzwanzig\", antwortete der Mann leicht ehrfürchtig. \"Du musst wissen - es gibt nur eine höhere Stufe als 'Captain' . Den General. Aber den hat er auch bald sicher, denke ich. Schau mich an; Zweiundvierzig und Korporal.\" Er lächelte bitter. Honey dachte 'Vierzehn und Gefangene', sprach es aber nicht aus. Stattdessen fragte sie etwas, worüber sie schon eine Weile nachdachte: \"Hat Love… Familie?\" \"Nein. Ich denke die will er im Moment auch nicht. Er-\" Der Soldat stockte. Diesmal nicht grundlos. Honey hatte es auch gesehen - jemand war, circa zehn Meter entfernt, hinter einem Baum verschwunden. \"Schscht!\", zischte der Soldat. Er zog das Gewehr, so leise wie nur möglich. Er bedeutete ihr mit einem Blick, vom Pferd zu steigen. Langsam folgte sie seiner Anweisung. War der Mann da hinten tatsächlich ihr Bruder? Auch der Soldat stieg leise vom Pferd und band die beiden Zügel beider Pferde geräuschlos an einen Ast. Er huschte zu Honey, stellte sich hinter sie, fasste ihren Arm und schob sie vor sich her. Sie gingen, langsam und auf jedes Geräusch achtend, vorwärts, ein, zwei, fünf, sieben Meter. Hinter dem Baum rührte sich nichts. Der Soldat lud sein Gewehr. Dann knackste es hinter dem Baum. \"Ich weiß das Du da bist! Komm raus!\", rief er, etwas unsicher. Nichts geschah. Nun standen sie direkt vor dem Baum, der Soldat ging sehr langsam um ihn herum. \"Ich habe die Klei- Arrrgghh\", schrie er, Honey fuhr herum. Jemand hatte sich von hinten an ihn herangeschlichen, ein mittelgroßer, schäbig aussehender Mann. Honey kannte ihn nicht. Der Bandit hatte mit einem Gewehrkolben dem Soldaten auf den Kopf geschlagen, dieser kippte um und blieb liegen. Honey stieß ein erschrockenes Geräusch aus und wich zurück. Dabei stieß sie gegen etwas, sie fuhr erneut herum; hinter ihr stand ein Mann, größer als sein Komplize, unrasiert und mit einem bedrohlichen Lächeln auf den Lippen.[Chapter 4] KAPITEL 3 ~ Durch die Nacht Sie reagierte nach Instinkt. Der Mann vor ihr brüllte auf als sie ihn mit voller Wucht trat, dann wirbelte sie herum, zog den Degen des Soldaten am Boden hervor und schnitt dem kleineren Mann damit über den Arm, dann rannte sie los, in Richtung Pferde. Sie war sich sicher, dass die Männer ihr folgten. Sie rannte so schnell sie nur konnte. Wurzeln und Sträucher prellten ihre Beine, Äste schlugen ihr ins Gesicht, doch sie rannte weiter. Dann hörte sie nichts mehr hinter sich. Es war bedrohlich still im Wald. Außer Atem lehnte sie sich gegen einen Baum. Jetzt durfte sie nicht schlappmachen, die Kerle konnten sie immer noch einholen. Als sie hinter sich ein Geräusch hörte, rannte sie wieder los, ohne sich umzudrehen. Im Wald war es düster, fast schon dunkel. Honey rannte schnell, immer weiter. Ohne anzuhalten drehte sie sich um und sah zurück, hinter ihr war nichts. Als sie den Kopf wieder nach vorn drehte, stieß sie wieder gegen etwas und fiel nach hinten zu Boden. Sie dachte, sie sei gegen einen Baum gerannt. Als sie schwer atmend zum stehen kam erkannte sie jedoch etwas anderes - und sie konnte ihr Pech kaum fassen. Sie wusste nicht genau was ihr lieber war, zwei gefährliche Banditen oder er; Captain Love. Neben ihm, an einen Baum gebunden stand sein Pferd, Love hatte seinen Degen gezogen und auf Honey gerichtet. Sie richtete sich leicht auf. Love wirbelte bei dem Geräusch herum und zog seinen Degen, da prallte etwas gegen ihn. Er empfand nur einen leichten Stoß, ein Mann konnte das kaum gewesen sein. Trotzdem richtete er den Degen auf die Gestalt, die jetzt vor ihm auf dem Boden lag - bis er sie erkannte. Er ließ ihn sinken, behielt ihn aber in der Hand. \"Was machst du denn hier?\" Honey stand wackelig auf und wich einen Schritt zurück. \"Komm her\", befahl Love kalt. Honey atmete immer noch schwer, ihre Brust hob und senkte sich. Sie schüttelte den Kopf. Love streckte die Hand mit dem Degen aus, doch Honey reagierte sofort. Mit dem Degen in ihrer Hand schlug sie seine zurück. Love blickte halb lächelnd, halb genervt zur Seite und schüttelte den Kopf. Er schlug mit dem Degen diesmal fester vor Honey, doch sie parierte, dem Druck standhaltend. Dabei stieß sie ein angestrengtes, verzweifeltes Geräusch aus. Sie konnte nicht mehr. Mit dem dritten Schlag entwaffnete Love sie. Er kam einen Schritt auf sie zu, doch plötzlich sprang sie vor, trat ihm gegen das Bein und zielte dann auf seine Körpermitte. Da er jedoch zur Seite ging traf sie statt des ersehnten Ziels den Oberschenkel. Love atmete wütend aus. \"Was ist? Willst du einen Ringkampf?\" Honey schluckte, ihr Atem ging schneller. Sie trat erneut gegen Loves Schienbein, diesmal antwortete er, indem er wütend auf sie zusprang, mit der Hand ausholte und - ein Schrei war zu hören, Love hielt inne, jemand brach aus den Bäumen hervor. Es war der größere Bandit. Honey, die ihm näher stand, drehte sich erschrocken um. Der Mann stürmte auf sie zu und versetzte ihr einen Schlag ins Gesicht. Honey fiel auch diesmal zurück und prallte gegen Love. Sie schrie vor Schmerz auf, immer noch an Love gelehnt. Dieser fand sofort seine Bewegung wieder, schob Honey grob zur Seite und stellte sich dem Banditen in den Weg. Dieser zog eine Pistole hervor, doch Love stieß sie ihm aus der Hand. Honey stand angestrengt an einen Baum gelehnt und beobachtete die beiden Männer, sobald der Schmerz verklungen war. Jetzt fiel ihr auf, dass Love recht groß sein musste, denn der Bandit war ihr vorhin eindrucksvoll hoch gewachsen vorgekommen und Love holte ihn beinahe ein. Trotzdem schien der Bandit mit übernatürlicher Muskelmasse überlegen. Love verlor den Degen, die Pistole riss ihn mit. Jetzt bildete der Bandit Fäuste, Love antwortete mit derselben Reaktion. Der erste Schlag des Banditen ging ins nichts, Love hatte sich gebeugt. Er schlug zu, der Bandit brüllte auf, Love schlug erneut zu. Man hörte das Ekel erregende Knirschen von brechenden Knochen. Blut lief aus der Nase seines Gegners. 'Wenn er das mit Ringkampf gemeint hat…', dachte Honey und ihr wurde noch schlechter. Jetzt traf der Dieb Love an der Schläfe, Love wich einen Schritt rückwärts. Dann trat er schnell vor und schlug seinem Gegner in die Magengrube - dieser schrie vor Wut, krümmte sich aber. Love lief zu seinem Degen, der direkt vor Honey lag. Sie wich zurück als er darauf zuging und fing kurz seinen Blick - undefinierbar. Love trat gegen den sich windenden Banditen, so dass dieser zu Boden fiel. Dann trat Love ihm in die Seite, Honey schrie \"Nein!\". Love warf ihr noch einen Blick zu. Dann kniete er nieder und hielt dem Banditen den Degen längs an die Kehle. \"Hast du Komplizen?\" Pause. Love drückte fester. Der Mann biss die Zähne zusammen und krächzte ein \"Hurensohn!\" Love nickte und versetzte dem Mann einen Faustschlag direkt ins Gesicht. Der Hüne blieb reglos liegen. Einen Moment sah Love ihn mitleidlos an, dann richtete er sich zu voller Größe auf und ging langsam auf Honey zu. Sie presste sich gegen den Baum. Er hob die Hand - und Honey zuckte heftig zusammen. Ruckartig stieß sie sich vom Baum ab, stieß seine Hand weg und machte einen Satz vorwärts. Sie wäre losgerannt, wäre es nicht in mehreren Punkten aussichtslos gewesen, zu entkommen. Erstens war Honeys Energie aufgebraucht, zweitens war Love mit oder ohne Kraft allemal schneller als sie und drittens hatte er es nur einen Schritt weit zu seinem Revolver. Also stand sie da, sichtlich eingeschüchtert, mit größtmöglichem Abstand zu Love. Und tatsächlich - Love sah sie kurz an. Dann beachtete er sie allerdings nicht mehr, hob stattdessen seinen Revolver auf und steckte ihn in den Gürtel. Dann wandte er sich dem Pferd zu. Als Honey etwas sagte, drehte er sich um: \"..Sie… Sie können ihn hier doch nicht so liegenlassen…\" \"Nein?\" Love lächelte - nicht herablassend, er schien eher belustigt. Honey verstand nicht, wie man auf diese Weise lächeln konnte, nachdem man jemanden zusammengeschlagen hatte. Und die Tatsache, dass Love solch einen Mann zur Strecke bringen konnte, nahm Honey auch nicht gerade ihre Furcht. Er ging zum Pferd und zog etwas aus der Satteltasche, ein Seil. Mit einem Kopfnicken wies er Honey an, zu ihm zu kommen. Er nahm sie keineswegs ernst. Und erneut bewegte Honeys Angst sie, so dass sie mechanisch, mit einem Blick auf den Bewusstlosen, der sich inzwischen leicht regte, zu Love ging. Love drehte sie grob an der Schulter herum, zog ihre Arme nach hinten und fesselte sie. Die Fesseln waren fester geknotet als die des Soldaten in der Zelle. Der Bandit regte sich, stöhnte laut auf und stützte sich auf einen Arm. Abfällig sah Love zu ihm hinunter. Er griff Honey ins Genick und drückte sie hinunter, so dass er sie wortlos anwies, sich zu setzen. Danach stellte sich der Captain mit verschränkten Armen vor den Mann. Dieser sah hasserfüllt zu ihm hoch. \"Also noch mal. Hast du Komplizen? Zum Beispiel Alejandro Murieta?\" Der Mann am Boden lachte höhnisch. \"Murieta\", sagte er angewidert. Dann blickte er zu Love, grinsend, so dass man seine teils schwarzen Zähne sehen konnte. \"Das hättest du wohl gern, was?\" Love reagierte blitzschnell; sofort hatte er seinen Revolver geladen in der Hand, auf den Kopf seines Gegners gerichtet. \"Nein!\", schrie Honey. Dann waren Geräusche zu hören. \"Captain?\", fragte eine Stimme. In dem langsam düster werdenden Wald tauchten drei Soldaten auf, zwei ritten, einer führte sein Pferd. Auf dem Pferd hing ein lebloser Körper. Als Love seine Soldaten sah, runzelte er die Stirn, entlud seinen Revolver und steckte ihn schließlich ein. Dann sagte er: \"Fesseln Sie diesen Mann.\" Die Soldaten stiegen ab und machten sich sofort an die Arbeit, der Vorderste führte sein Pferd zu Love, direkt vor Honey. Auf Loves nicken hin schubste er den Körper auf den Boden, mit einem dumpfen Knall blieb er liegen. Der Soldat führte das Pferd zu den anderen, so dass der leblose Körper auf dem Bauch zwischen Love und Honey lag. Love drehte ihn mit dem Fuß um, sodass der Körper noch näher an Honey lag. Als Honey sein Gesicht sehen konnte, keuchte sie auf und setzte sich zurück. Es war der Komplize des Banditen und er hatte ein sauberes Einschussloch mitten auf der Stirn. Auf Honeys Keuchen hin drehten sich die Soldaten um und Honey spürte Loves prüfenden Blick. Dann wandte Captain Love sich an seine Soldaten. \"Wo haben Sie ihn erwischt?\" \"Vielleicht zweihundert Meter entfernt. Er wollte abhauen…\" Love nickte. \"Gibt es noch einen?\" Der Soldat zuckte die Schultern. \"Ich weiß es nicht, Sir.\" Der Hauptmann atmete schwer aus. Nach einem Moment Überlegzeit hatte er entschieden. Er sah den Soldaten an. \"Sie vergraben die Leiche, suchen die anderen und schaffen diesen Mann weg. Er kommt in die nächste Gefangenenkutsche. Die anderen Beiden kommen mit mir, so wie…\", er wandte seinen Blick an Honey, \"…Du.\" Kurz darauf wurde Honey hochgezogen und auf das Pferd gesetzt, auf dem die Leiche gewesen war. Allmälig wurde des dunkel. Love, Honeys Pferd dahinter und dahinter die beiden Soldaten setzten sich in Bewegung. Sie ritten wieder schweigend. Honey starrte auf Loves Rücken und tausende Gedanken gingen ihr durch den Kopf. Ihr war schlecht vor Hunger, sie hatte seit zwei Tagen nichts gegessen. Schließlich wurde es ganz dunkel, nur Schemen waren zu erkennen. Nach einer Weile sagte Love schwerfällig: \"Es hat keinen Sinn mehr. Wir schlagen Lager auf.\" Nach ein paar weiteren Minuten hatten sie eine Stelle gefunden, an der nur wenige Bäume waren. Die Soldaten und Love stiegen ab und Honey wurde vom Pferd gezogen. Ein Soldat führte sie zu einem Baum, vor dem sie sich setzte und an den sie sich lehnte. Der andere lief umher und sammelte lose Äste, während Love sich auf eine auf den Boden gelegte Decke setzte und Patronen in seinen Revolver steckte. Kurz darauf wurde ein Feuer entfacht. Honey war eiskalt geworden. Sie sah an sich hinunter. Ihre Kleidung - eine kurze, schwarze Hose und ein bräunliches, zerrissenes Oberteil - war dreckig. Ihr wurde noch schlechter, als Love aufstand und aus seiner Satteltasche Brot, etwas Fleisch und eine Feldflasche zog, denn sie bezweifelte, dass sie etwas davon abbekam. Angestrengt versuchte sie, nicht zum Essen zu schauen, was sich als äußerst schwer erwies. Love setzte sich wieder, sein Gesicht leuchtete im Schein des Feuers. Er beachtete Honey nicht. Honey sah ihn an, den Mörder ihres Bruders, und Wut, Angst und Hass mischten sich unter Kälte und Hunger. Sie stöhnte auf, was ungelegen kam, denn sie hatte Loves Aufmerksamkeit auf sich gezogen, die vorher dem Feuer gewidmet war. Er sah sie an und dachte wohl, sie wolle auch etwas zu Essen. Nun, da lag er ja gar nicht mal so falsch. Als sie das Feuer entzündeten, keimte Wut in Love auf. Alles umsonst. Es wäre besser gewesen, gleich zur Kaserne zurückzukehren. Er hatte genug zu tun. Er stand auf und holte sich etwas zu Essen. Murieta war es also nicht gewesen. Schade. Das wäre ein gelungener Tag geworden. Stattdessen war er ziellos durch den Wald gestreift und sich schließlich mit einem lächerlichen Dieb geprügelt. Er nahm einen Bissen Brot. Aber wo war Murieta dann? In dem Moment stöhnte das Mädchen. Love sah auf. Er hatte sie fast vergessen. In seiner Wut auf Murieta würde er ihr nichts zu Essen geben. Die feige Göre konnte schon selbst fragen. Er nahm einen Schluck aus der Feldflasche. Der starke Alkohol rann ihm den Hals hinunter und wärmte ihn. Der Kleinen musste kalt sein. Er sah sie an, ihre Blicke trafen sich. Er musste ihr heute mit seiner kleinen Kampfvorstellung Respekt eingeflößt haben, mehr oder weniger unbeabsichtigt, denn sie starrte ihn die ganze Zeit an. Doch als sein Blick ihren traf sah sie weg. Love besah sie, ihr Gesicht. Der Dieb hatte ihr ganz schön eine reingehauen, Blut zeichnete sich um ihren rechten Mundwinkel. Ihre Haare waren zerzaust und sie hatte Dreck an der Wange. Aber irgendwie… sie war nicht hässlich. Loves Augen wanderten an ihr herunter. Ihr zerrissenes Oberteil trug einen kleinen Teil ihrer - und Love wunderte sich über die instinktive Umschreibung - schon recht weiblichen Figur zur Schau. Love nahm noch einen Schluck Whisky. Gerade als er wegschauen wollte regte sich das Mädchen. Sie richtete sich auf. \"Ich brauche etwas zu Essen.\" Love ignorierte sie, sah ins Feuer. Plötzlich wurde dass Mädchen lauter. \".. Love… das ist doch Ihr Name?\" Sie sprach nicht freundlich, aber bei weitem nicht so hasserfüllt wie in Loves Erinnerung. Irritiert stellte Love fest, dass er sich nicht erinnern konnte, ihr seinen Namen genannt zu haben. \"In der Tat.\" Er aß Fleisch. \"…Weißt du, was mir an dir gefällt, Kleines? Du bist so höflich. Gute Erziehung, nehme ich an.\" Er grinste und trank noch einen Schluck. \"Ich habe einen Namen..\", sagte Honey, fast unverständlich. Müde lehnte sie ihren Kopf gegen den Baum. Love brachte Brot und Flasche zurück zur Satteltasche. Am Feuer war es warm, er öffnete er seinen Waffengürtel und zog seinen Uniformrock aus. Darunter trug er ein schlichtes weißes Hemd. Er legte den Waffengürtel um die Hose und legte sich auf die Decke, eine weitere Benutzte er als Kissen. Honey musste sich noch ein Stöhnen verkneifen. Der Baum schrammte an ihrem Oberteil, an ihrem Rücken, die Hände auf dem Rücken schmerzten von den immer noch festen Fesseln. Love richtete sich auf, als er Geräusche hörte. Als er Honeys kläglichen Versuch sah, sich mit den Fesseln hinzulegen, musste er lachen. Grinsend wies er einen Soldaten an: \"Nehmen Sie ihr die Fesseln ab und bringen Sie sie her.\" Honey, die das nicht mitbekommen hatte, sah erschrocken auf, als der Soldat auf sie zukam und sie hochzog. Sie sah Love irritiert an. Der Soldat ging hinter sie und - tatsächlich, er band ihre Fesseln auf. Dann zog er sie am Arm zu der großen Decke von Love. \"Ich.. was? Nein!\", sie verstand. \"Nein!\", rief sie energisch und versuchte, den Soldaten von sich wegzuschubsen. Doch er verdrehte ihr nur die Arme auf dem Rücken und Honey schrie auf. Vor der Decke drückte der Soldat grob auf ihren Kopf und zwang sie so auf die Knie. Sie versuchte, aufzustehen, doch wurde wieder hinuntergedrückt. Stöhnend setzte Love sich auf, zog zu sich Honey herum, griff sie an den Schultern und schüttelte sie leicht. Diese Nähe zu ihm schien sie furchtbar angsterfüllt und trotzig zugleich zu machen. \"Krieg dich ein!\", meinte Love. \"Ich tue dir nichts.\" Jetzt reagierte Honey. Sie sprach zum ersten mal seit heute Vormittag ohne Zwang, ohne Mühe. Sie schien überrascht und zugleich wuterfüllt. \"Glau- Glauben Sie wirklich es geht nur darum, ob Sie mir etwas tun oder nicht?\" Sie drückte mit ihren Händen auf seine Arme, sodass er die Hand von ihrer Schulter nahm. Er hielt sie nicht auf. \"Das ist doch lächerlich! Es ist mir alles lieber als in Ihrer Nähe zu sein… Sie… Sie…\", sie verdrehte die Augen und machte ein verzweifeltes Geräusch, wich etwas zurück, sah überall hin nur nicht zu Love. Anscheinend stoppte ihre Angst sie, Love zu beleidigen. Dann schien sie sich wieder gefunden zu haben und blickte direkt zu ihm. \"…Sie widern mich an!\" Love runzelte die Stirn und sah den Soldaten zu seiner rechten an. \"Knebeln Sie sie.\" Honey schüttelte den Kopf. Der Soldat war schon aufgestanden, zog ein Tuch hervor und kniete neben Honey nieder. Während ihr das Tuch um den Mund gebunden wurde, sah sie Love an. Sie schloss die Augen vor Schmerz, als ihr an die aufgeschrammten Hände wieder Fesseln gelegt wurden. Der Soldat drückte erneut auf Honeys Kopf und diesmal fiel sie wehrlos auf den Bauch und blieb liegen. Love war nicht sonderlich wütend, im Grunde war ihm das Mädchen gar nichts wert. Allerdings nervte es ihn, dass sie dermaßen frech war. 'Sie widern mich an' - da hatten sie ja was gegenseitig gemeinsam. Ihn widerte der Diebesabschaum an, der sich für etwas besonderes hielt. Etwas rebellisches, sogar heldenhaftes. Immerhin sprach das Mädchen, und dass es sprach hieß schon etwas im Vergleich zu anderen Kindern, die er mit er bis jetzt so hier sah. Allesamt feige, wie ihre Eltern. Love winkelte die Beine an und sah zur Seite, als die Kleine angestrengt versuchte, sich auf den Rücken zu rollen. Love drehte sie herum, als sie seine Berührung spürte, hielt sie inne. Sie zitterte. Wahrscheinlich nicht vor Angst, sondern vor Kälte, oder vor beiden, jedenfalls war auf ihren Armen Gänsehaut. Love nahm seinen Uniformrock und deckte sie damit zu. Sie atmete schwer ein und aus. \"Hör zu. Ich stelle es mir recht unbequem vor, mit Knebel und Fesseln zu schlafen. Ich nehme dir die Dinger ab - wenn du keine Zicken machst. Du solltest deine den Stand deiner Chancen gegen uns nicht vergessen.\" Hätte er \"gegen mich\" gesagt, hätte es vielleicht eingebildet geklungen, aber er meinte deutlich alle Anwesenden; drei bewaffnete Soldaten. Honey überlegte kurz, ob es richtig war, zu nicken. Sie verstand nicht, was die Aktion Captain Love bringen würde. Sie schüttelte bejahend den Kopf. Love zog sie hoch und nahm ihr das Tuch von Mund. Honey schnappte nach Luft und Love lachte verächtlich, als er sich zu ihren Fesseln wand und sie aufband. Irgendwie erstickte sein Lachen, als er die Fesseln abnahm, ihre Hände aber festhielt. Er sah sich die Handgelenke an, voller blutiger Striemen und Schrammen. Er ließ sie los. Honey führte die Hände vors Gesicht und stöhnte. Sie nahm den Uniformrock, legte ihn abrupt auf Loves Schoß. Danach legte sie sich auf die Seite und wandte Love den Rücken zu. Der Wald war jetzt stockdunkel, dass Feuer wurde immer kleiner, erlosch schließlich vollends. Love besprach mit den Soldaten kurz die Wache, dann legte er sich hin und versuchte zu schlafen. Mitten in der Nacht wachte er auf. Er brauchte einen Moment, um sich an die Dunkelheit zu gewöhnen, allerdings waren an ihrem Fleck nur wenige Bäume und so war der Himmel überwiegend frei. Die Sterne und der schmale Mond tauchten den Fleck in ein weißliches Licht. Love sah nach zur Seite - und erschrak. Keiner. Neben ihm war niemand. Er fuhr hoch und sah sich um. Sie konnte doch nicht entkommen sein.[Chapter 5] KAPITEL 4 ~ Schlagfertig Der Soldat am inzwischen erloschenen Feuer war eingenickt. Mit ihm müsste Love wohl ein Wörtchen reden. Aber das Honey entkommen war, ohne dass Love selber es gemerkt hatte - er unterbrach seine Gedanken, als er eine kleine Gestalt vor einem Baum, vielleicht drei Meter entfernt sitzen sah. Honey hatte die Beine eng angewinkelt, ihre Arme schlangen sich darum und pressten sie an ihren Körper. Sie zitterte merklich. Ihr Kopf lag auf ihren Knien, doch ihr Blick ging nach oben. Sie atmete flach und stoßweise. Als Love neben ihr erschien, fuhr Honeys Kopf zur Seite. Einen Moment sah sie erschrocken aus, dann ging sie wieder in ihre Ausgangsstellung, bemüht, Love zu ignorieren. Dieser setzte sich nach vorn, sodass er direkt neben ihr saß und folgte ihrem Blick. \"Zieh dir was an\", sagte er schließlich mit einem Blick auf sie, als sie begann, noch mehr zu zittern. \"Hier\", er reichte ihr seinen blauen Uniformrock. Sie sah ihn nicht an und sagte leise: \"Da ist erfrieren wohl besser.\" Love sah sie missbilligend an. Da hatten sie es wieder. Die törichte Sturheit der untersten Schicht. Honey sah Love an, und erschrak. Er sah sie an, das war es nicht. Es war die Art, wie er sie anschaute. Der Blick erinnerte stark an den, mit dem er Joaquín bedacht hatte, nachdem er sich erschossen hatte. Dass brachte Loves Gesicht so echt in Honeys Vorstellung von dieser Szene, dass Honey schlecht wurde. Sie wandte den Blick ab, beinahe keuchend. Er bezweifelte, dass Honey verstand, was er damit meinte, sagte aber leise: \"Eure Sturheit wird euch noch euer Leben kosten.\" Mit diesen Worten wandte er sich wieder der Raststätte zu. Honey schwieg, aber nicht grundlos. Sie dachte darüber nach. Als Love Honey auffordern wollte, mitzukommen, fragte sie: \"Wen?\" Wen? Um nicht alle aufzuzählen, kürzte er es auf \"Euch Diebe\" ab. Zu Loves erstaunen stieß Honey einen lächelnden Laut aus. Nicht fröhlich. Trocken. Sehr leise sagte sie: \"Ich bin kein Dieb.\" Jetzt war es an Love, zu lächeln. \"Natürlich nicht\", meinte er. Honeys Atem zitterte und Love hörte, wie sie etwas zur Seite rutschte. Entnervt setzte er sich neben ihr auf den Boden und sagte: \"Und versuch gar nicht\" - er unterbrach sich. Ihr Oberteil und ihre über die Schultern gelegten Haare gaben im Mondlicht einen kleinen Teil des Rückens frei. Direkt am Ansatz der Wirbelsäule war eine Narbe, die fünf Zentimeter zur rechten Schulter hoch lief. Love richtete sich auf. Honey wandte verstört den Kopf. Als er einen Finger auf die Narbe legte, zuckte sie zusammen. Erstaunlich blitzartig drehte sie herum, packte Loves Arm und verdrehte seine Hand. Verwirrt über die schnelle Reaktion starrte Love sie an. \"Fassen Sie mich nicht an.\" Love beugte seinen Kopf zu ihr hinunter. \"Und wenn doch?\" Er lächelte. Reine Provokation. Honey hielt seine Hand immer noch zittrig. Es tat nicht sonderlich weh und Love entriss seine Hand locker ihrem Griff. \"Ich dachte eigentlich meine Vorstellung vorhin hätte dich abgeschreckt.\" Honey schwieg und starrte stur nach vorne. \"Sie schrecken mich in vielen Hinsichten ab.\" Love lachte. \"Zum Beispiel?\" \"Sie kommen von alleine darauf.\" \"Du bist ganz schön frech, weißt du das?\" Honey wandte sich ab. Frech? Sie war nicht frech. Aber auch sie selber wusste nicht was in sie gefahren war. Jeder Blick den ihr dieser Soldat zuwarf war ein Messerstich, jeder Moment, in dem sie ihn sehen musste. Und dennoch redete sie mit ihm. \"Du musst aufpassen. Da draußen gibt es Leute, die solche Frechheiten unschön bestrafen.\" \"Da habe ich ja Glück dass ich an sie geraten bin\", und freudloser Sarkasmus triefte in ihrer Stimme. Love nickte. \"Oh, das hast du.\" Honey verengte die Augen, schüttelte den Kopf und wandte sich angewidert ab. \"Doch\", sagte Love fast lächelnd, \"Du willst gar nicht wissen was andere mit ihren Gefangenen machen. Vor allem mit kleinen Mädchen.\" Eine für Honey peinliche Stille trat ein. Sie warf einen leicht nervösen Seitenblick auf Love. \"Wie war es mit deinen Brüdern?\", fragte Love, \"Die waren doch auch einsame Männer.\" Abrupt stand Honey auf und drehte sich weg. Jetzt stand sie genau vor dem Baum. Aber noch bevor sie einen Schritt gehen konnte richtete sich Love bewusst bedrohlich zu voller Größe auf, packte sie an der Schulter und wirbelte sie grob herum. \"Ich habe dir schon gesagt, du sollst nicht versuchen abzu -\" \"Ich werde mit ihnen nicht über meine Brüder reden!\", unterbrach ihn Honey laut. Love drängte sie noch weiter gegen den Baum. Dann standen sie so da. Unter Honeys Blick mischte sich jetzt auch Angst. \"Warum nicht? Hm?\" Loves Stimme war laut und autoritär. Honey sah zu Boden. \"Sieh mich an!\", rief er, Honeys Blick huschte widerstandslos zu seinem Gesicht. \"Weil ich einen zur Strecke gebracht habe? Zwei unfähige Männer auf der Flucht vor dem Gesetz. Es war nur eine Frage der Zeit.\" Er schüttelte den Kopf. \"Zwei lästige Teile von einem Haufen Ungeziefer.\" \"Sprechen Sie nicht so über sie!\", rief Honey fast flehend. Bevor Love etwas erwidern konnte, sagte sie. \"Es ist klar dass Sie das so sehen. Sie und diese\", sie sprach das Wort vertieft abfällig aus, \"Politiker. Sie haben alles, was Sie brauchen, und mehr. Und das, während wir verhungern, weil wir uns nichts zu Essen leisten können!\" Love stockte einen Moment. Er hatte kurz vergessen wen er vor sich hatte. \"Mutige Worte.\" Warum diskutierte er mit ihr? \"Worte die jemanden an den Galgen bringen können.\" Honey holte Luft und ging einen Schritt weiter, leise, aber fest. \"Weil sie Ihnen nicht passen.\" Keiner der Beiden wusste warum das tat, was er gerade tat. Während Honey sich wunderte, dass sie überhaupt vor Love sprechen konnte oder dass er sie nicht schon längst zur Rechenschaft für ihre Meinungsäußerung gebracht hatte, focht Love einen Kampf mit seinen Vorsätzen. Wer war er und wer war schon dieses Mädchen? Er sollte ihr eigentlich gar keine Aufmerksamkeit schenken. Und an zweiter Stelle hätte er jeden, der diese Sachen aussprach, diese Argumente des niederen Volkes gegen seine Herrscher, sofort zum Schweigen gebracht. Mit Fäusten, Degen oder Pistolen. Was für eine Anmaßung. \"Mach mich nicht wütend.\" \"Oh, was passiert dann?\", Honey wusste selbst nicht mehr was sie sagte. Wie im Rausch sprach sie weiter: \"Warten sie dann kurz, damit ich mich rechtzeitig selbst umbringe, bevor Sie ihren Degen zücken und mich zweiteilen?! Sie sind nicht imstande den Menschen als etwas lebendiges zu betrachten, oder? Wie kann man nur so-\" Ihr wurde schwarz vor Augen. Der Schlag kam so unerwartet, dass sie nicht einmal schrie. Sie prallte zur Seite. Erst als sie auf dem Boden lag - der Fall dorthin kam ihr wie eine Ewigkeit vor - sah sie wieder. Etwas heißes lief in ihrem Gesicht. Sie drehte den Kopf. Love sah sie vollkommen ruhig und angewidert an. Blut lief ihr aus dem Wundwinkel. Honey sah verstört aus, führte sich die Hand vors Gesicht und als sie das Blut sah, blickte sie erschrocken zu Love. \"Dann passiert das.\" Honey schwieg. Jetzt kamen ihr auch noch die Tränen. Das durfte nicht wahr sein. Wie schwach konnte man sich eigentlich zeigen? Als Love sah dass sie weinte, schüttelte er den Kopf. \"Und hör verdammt noch mal auf zu weinen.\" Love fuhr herum als neben ihm jemand auftauchte. Es war einer der Soldaten. \"Wieso haben Sie Ihre Wache nicht eingehalten?!\", fuhr er ihn an. \"Ich... Sir... es tut mir Leid. Ich muss eingenickt sein.\" Love überging ihn einfach. \"Jetzt nehmen Sie sie schon. Ich will heute Nacht auch noch meinen Schlaf bekommen.\" Der Soldat lief eilig zu Honey und zog sie mühelos hoch, an Love vorbei zum Lager. Love sah ihnen nach und folgte. Die Kleine lag wieder am Boden. Mühelos legte Love sich auf seine Decke und schlief ein. Als die ersten Sonnenstrahlen durch die Blätterkronen drangen, wurde Love von seinem Soldaten geweckt. Der wollte sich offenbar keine Fehler mehr leisten. Loves Blick fiel auf Honey. Er erschrak als ihm ein Schauer in den Nacken fuhr, nur weil er ihr Gesicht anblickte. Die Blutlinie von der Schramme auf ihrer Wange war verwischt, so dass die ganze Wange voller Blut war. Sie sah wesentlich friedlicher aus als gestern Nacht, jetzt, wo sie schlief. Love nickte zu ihr, und wies den Soldaten so an, sie zu wecken. Er selbst zog seinen Uniformrock wieder an. Er wusch sein Gesicht mit Wasser aus einer Feldflasche. Honey sah sich verstört um. Doch sie begriff schnell. Love blickte zu ihr. Sie hielt seinem Blick nur kurz stand. Er nahm das Tuch, mit dem Honey geknebelt gewesen war und tränkte es mit dem Wasser. Er ging zu ihr, kniete nieder und umfasste ihr Kinn grob mit der Hand. Mit der anderen Hand entfernte er mit dem Tuch das Blut. \"Guten Morgen\", sagte er. Eine Antwort blieb aus, stattdessen stöhnte Honey, als Love - selbstverständlich ganz aus Versehen - an ihre Wunde kam. Er hielt inne. \"Vielleicht lernst du daraus.\" Sie sah weg und schwieg. Als sie alles zusammengepackt und verstaut hatten, stieg Honey zwangsweise aufs Pferd. Dann ritten sie los. Es dauerte schier eine Ewigkeit, bis sie das Ende des Waldes erreicht hatten. Schweigend waren sie voreinander her geritten, langsam, da schnelles Tempo bei den vielen Bäumen riskant gewesen wäre. Sie legten keine Pause ein. Honeys Hals schien ihr allmälig verstaubt. Der Durst zerrte an ihr. Als sie endlich aus den Bäumen heraus an eine Landstraße ritten, auf deren anderer Seite Felsen waren, stieg Love vom Pferd und trank aus der Feldflasche. Eher beiläufig blickte er zu Honey, hielt aber inne, als er ihren Blick auf die Feldflasche sah. Sie musste ewig nichts mehr getrunken haben. \"Durst?\", fragte er knapp. Sie nickte, sah aber nicht zu Love, sondern auf einen Punkt vielleicht vier Meter von ihm entfernt. Ohne etwas zu sagen ging Love zu ihr. Statt ihre Fesseln zu lösen führte er ihr die Flasche an den Mund. Sie nahm einen Schluck - und spuckte ihn zur anderen Seite wieder aus. Sie hustete - ihr Rachen brannte von dem starken Alkohol. Ein Lächeln spielte um Loves Mundwinkel. Er stieg wieder auf sein Pferd. \"Wir reiten jetzt zügiger.\" Und sie ritten wesentlich zügiger. Die ewig gleich bleibende Landschaft ödete Honey an und machte sie müde, aber sie musste sich konzentrieren um nicht das Gleichgewicht zu verlieren. Die Hände waren zwar vor ihrem Körper zusammengebunden und nicht dahinter, wie es die letzten Tage immer der Fall gewesen war, trotzdem fiel es schwer, sich festzuhalten. Love ritt präzise als erster voran, während hinter ihm ein Soldat immer schwerer atmete. Ihm folgte Honey und mal hinter, mal neben ihr, aber ihr immer einen bösen stechenden Blick zuwerfend, der zweite Soldat. Wo die Felsen zur rechten und der Wald zu ihrer linken Seite beinahe gleichzeitig aufhörten, begann die öde Steppe. Honey hatte keine Orientierung, sie wusste nicht im Geringsten, wo sie waren. Und da flammte ein Gedanken in ihrem Hinterkopf auf - wo hatte man sie hinbringen sollen? Hier war nirgendwo Bevölkerung zu sehen. Das wollte ihr nicht aus dem Kopf gehen. Vielleicht würde sie ja nun doch da hin gebracht werden. Inzwischen spürte sie den Schmerz in ihrem Magen und das verlangende Kratzen in ihrem Hals gar nicht mehr. Anscheinend war der Captain weder müde noch in irgendeiner Weise erschöpft, jedenfalls hob er nach vielleicht drei Stunden, vielleicht auch einem halben Tag, seinen Arm und wies so zum Stehen bleiben. Locker sprang er vom Pferd. Seine Stirn wies ein paar Schweißperlen unter dem blauen Hut. Die Soldaten hinter ihm stiegen schwer keuchend ab, nahmen ihre Feldflaschen und nahmen einige große Schlücke. Honey fiel erst nach einigen Sekunden auf, dass sie jetzt die Einzige war, die auf einem Pferd saß. Sie sah sich um. Überall weite Steppe. Würde es sich lohnen, dem Pferd die Sporen zu geben? Wenn sie sich verirrte, würde sie verhungern. Aber das würde sie hier auch irgendwann. Vielleicht könnte sie Alejandro finden... Bei dem Gedanken an ihn wurde ihr schlecht. Sicherheitshalber sah sie noch mal zu Love, ob er abgelenkt war. Aber genau in diesem Moment erwiderte er ihren Blick - und schien ihre Gedanken zu lesen. Er schüttelte den Kopf und steckte die Feldflasche in die Satteltasche. Eher beiläufig sagte er: \"Wenn du versuchst abzuhauen, erschieße ich entweder das Pferd oder dich.\" Das war eine klare Ansage. Das Love auch noch mit der Pistole umgehen konnte hatte Honey absichtlich bereits vergessen. Sie wandte den Blick ab und versuchte, leise und ruhig zu atmen. Love stieg wieder aufs Pferd. Als auch die beiden Soldaten rasch aufgestiegen waren, sah sich Love kurz zu ihnen um und ritt dann los. Die Sonne stand hoch am Himmel. Es war sehr heiß, und Honey fühlte sich, als hätte sich etwas in ihren Hals gebohrt. Sie ritten und ritten. Die Steppe schien nicht zu enden. Immer noch wusste Honey nicht, wo sie waren. Nach einer Weile tauchten wieder Felsen zu ihrer linken auf. Dann kam das Meer, hinter dem Abgrund links neben ihnen. Das bedeutete, dass sie sich möglicherweise La reina de los Angeles näherten. Dem Pueblo. Der Plaza. Der Kaserne. Der Zelle. Oder nicht? Aber sie Honey schien recht zu haben. Bald tauchten wenige Bauernhäuser auf, eine eingezäunte Koppel, die Honey schmerzlich bekannt vorkam. Dann ein Indianerreservat und schließlich die Straße zur Stadt. Honey kannte den Weg jetzt. Am liebsten wäre sie in eines der Häuser gegangen, in denen sie früher so viel gewesen war. Es fühlte sich an, als würde man ihr etwas so nah und doch so unerreichbares hinhalten. Freiheit. Doch sie hielten nicht. Wie in einem Traum ritt Honey durch das Pueblo. Kurz vor dem menschenüberfüllten Markplatz hob Love erneut die Hand. Die Pferde kamen zum stehen. Er stieg ab. Grob zog er Honey vom Pferd, sie stolperte gegen ihn, aber er zog sie gleich wieder hoch. Die Soldaten waren ebenfalls abgestiegen. Obwohl sehr viele Leute unterwegs waren, beachtete fast keiner das Geschehen. \"Sie wird vorläufig eingesperrt.\" Er schubste Honey zu einem der Soldaten. Dann stieg er auf und ritt langsam durch die Menschenmenge davon, ohne zurückzublicken. Unsanft wurde Honey über den Markplatz gezogen. Scheinbar keinem fiel auf, dass ihre Hänge gefesselt waren und ein Soldat sie führte. Und dann stockte ihr der Atem. Eine heruntergekommene Taverne am Rand des Markplatzes war ihr ins Auge gefallen. Nur ein Gast saß an den Tischen. Er sah fertig aus, scheinbar war er betrunken. Er stützte sich auf den Tisch, die Hand um ein Whiskyglas geklammert. Ein im Lärm untergehender Überraschungsschrei entfuhr Honey, als sie Alejandro sah.[Chapter 6] KAPITEL 5 ~ Anders als geplant Sie wollte schreien, ihn auf sich aufmerksam machen. Fast tat sie es auch - doch dann hielt sie inne. Wenn sie schrie und er sie bemerkte, würde der Soldat ihn sehen. Vielleicht war der Hauptmann noch in der Nähe - und Alejandro schien im Moment alles andere als stark. Das wäre sein Ende. Sie blieb nicht einmal stehen, der Soldat zog sie grob weiter. Aber sie verrenkte sich beinahe den Kopf um Alejandro so lange es ging anzusehen. Das letzte was sie von der Taverne sah, war, dass ein alter, heruntergekommener Mann zu Alejandro trat. Tränen traten Honey in die Augen. Und wieder war sie allein. Aber immerhin bedeutete dass, Alejandro war am Leben. War nur die Frage, ob Love ihn bemerken konnte. Oder ob er sich nicht zu Tode saufen würde. Als sie durch das Tor traten, schien die Sonne auf den Kasernenhof. Er schien Honey jetzt viel größer. Und auch jetzt liefen überall Soldaten herum. Hier und da auch Diener. Sie wurde wieder in das Gebäude gezogen, wo, das wusste Honey, die Zellen im Keller waren. Der Soldat schubste sie in die selbe Zelle, in der sie schon gewesen war. Ohne ein weiteres Wort schloss er ab mit einem Schlüssel weiter weg an der Wand ab und verschwand. Der Wirt der Taverne ging an Alejandro vorbei. Er ignorierte ihn - seinen einzigen Gast. Alejandro griff ihn am Handgelenk. \"Noch nen Whisky, oder was das für ein Gesöff ist.\" \"Erst will ich Geld sehen!\", rief der Wirt. \"Tja…\", Alejandro durchsuchte seine Taschen nach Münzen. Ohne Erfolg. Dann seufzte er und Griff unter seinen Kragen. Er holte ein Medaillon zum Vorschein. \"Wie wäre es damit?\" \"Silber!\", rief der Wirt. \"Feinstes Silber. Silber aus -\" Alejandro wurde unterbrochen. Ein Gehstock verrankte sich mit dem länglichen Ende in der Medaillonkette und würgte Alejandro. Der Wirt wollte protestieren, doch als er den Mann anblickte, der den Stock hielt, überlegte er es sich anders. Er verdrückte sich. Es war ein großer Mann mit wildem Bart. Er sah unglaublich mitgenommen und heruntergekommen aus, sein Gesicht und seine Haltung zeugten aber von Autorität. Er funkelte Alejandro an. Dieser keuchte. \"Woher hast du das?\", fragte der Alte mit einem kurzen Blick auf das Medaillon. \"Das geht Sie nichts an\", keuchte Alejandro. Das Medaillon ritzte in seinen Hals. Der Alte zog noch mehr noch mehr und wiederholte seine Frage. \"Von meinem Bruder. Er ist tot.\" Der Mann wartete kurz und lies dann ganz plötzlich von Alejandro ab. \"Das tut mir Leid.\" Alejandro lachte trocken. \"Warum sollte es Ihnen Leid tun?\" \"So etwas wie das solltest du nicht für ein Glas Whisky verscherbeln\", sagte der Alte und wandte sich ab. \"Wieso? Meinen Sie, ich könnte auch zwei bekommen?\" Alejandro lachte lauthals über seinen Witz. Das Lachen blieb ihm im Halse stecken, als er den Mann sah, der durch die Menschenmenge auf die Plaza ritt, und so aus der menge heraus stieß. Blonde Haare, blaue Uniform. Alejandro sprang auf und wollte zu dem Soldaten stürmen, doch der Alte packte ihn mit überraschender Kraft am Kragen. Er sah sich um. \"Wer ist das?\" \"Der Mörder meines Bruder!\" Und von der Kleinen. Und von Jack. \"Du bist besoffen und zornig. Keine Verfassung um gegen einen professionellen Soldaten zu kämpfen.\" \"Geh mir aus dem Weg, alter Mann!\" Mit behänder Kraft zog der Alte Alejandro ins Hintere der Taverne. Wutentbrannt zog Alejandro seinen Degen. Doch Alejandro hatte keine Chance. Er wusste ja nicht, dass er es mit dem ehemaligen berüchtigten Zorro zu tun hatte. Honey lehnte den Kopf an die Wand. Dieses ewige Warten machte sie verrückt. \"Vorläufig\" hatte der Captain gesagt. Das konnte nichts Gutes bedeuten. Nicht hier. Nicht bei Captain Love. Schritte. Da waren sie wieder. Honey richtete sich auf. Sie erkannte Love schon am Profil. Als sie ihn erblickte, schien ihre Wange zu brennen. Noch während Love langsam auf die Zelle zuschritt, meinte er gelassen: \"Ich habe nicht vor, weiterhin meine Zeit mit dir zu vergeuden. Du kannst froh sein, dass ich überhaupt noch selbst vorbeikomme.\" Er schloss die Zelle auf. Honey lief ein Schauer über den Rücken. Das sollte wohl ihr Ende sein. Love ging auf sie zu. Honeys Herz raste. Er stand direkt vor ihr. Sollte sie flehen? \"Steh auf!\", befahl er. Wackelig stand Honey auf. Love lächelte. Er schüttelte den Kopf, hob die Hand und strich ihr damit über die unverwundete Wange. Sie bewegte sich nicht, obwohl sie ihn gern geschlagen hätte. Ihr Kopf schwirrte. Love zog seine Waffe. Honey schluckte. Sie zitterte so stark, dass sie nicht mehr stehen konnte. Ihre Beine gaben nach, aber ob sie den Boden erreichte, wusste sie nicht. Es war aus. Love hielt die Pistole in der Hand. Er wollte sie gerade anheben, als das Mädchen schwankte. Sie stieß gegen ihn und fiel dann zu Boden. Dort blieb sie liegen. Love runzelte die Stirn. Er kniete nieder. Ihre Augen waren geschlossen. Sie lag einfach nur da. Er packte ihr Gesicht am Kinn und hob es. Es blieb regungslos. Dann nahm er ihren Arm und fühlte den Puls. Er ging schnell. Sie war ohnmächtig. Love holte tief Luft und atmete schwer aus. Das hatte ihm gerade noch gefehlt. Er verstand nicht, warum sie umgekippt war. Er hätte sie auf den Hof geführt und sie wäre mit einer extra Gefangenenkutsche dorthin befördert worden, wo er sie eigentlich hatte haben wollen. Aber nun schien sein Versuch, sie ohne Vergeudung ihrer selbst loszuwerden, aussichtslos. Er schüttelte sie leicht. Erfolglos. Mit einem Seufzer richtete er sich auf. \"Wache!\", rief er, seine Stimme hallte laut an den kalten Steinwänden wieder. Innerhalb einer halben Minute kam ein Wachsoldat angestürmt. Wenn Love ihr jetzt einen Eimer Wasser über den Kopf kippen würde, würde sie möglicherweise aufwachen, aber bei der nächsten Gelegenheit wieder umkippen. So brachte sie nichts und niemandem etwas. Er zog es auch in Betracht, sie jetzt zu erschießen. Aber das wäre eine Verschwendung. Sie war es nicht mal wert. Und sie sollte sich vorher noch einmal nützlich machen. Doch am für sie vorgesehenen Ort wäre das jetzt nicht möglich. Wenn er sie am Leben lies, musste er sie also vorher genesen lassen. Wie wäre es mit dem Krankenzimmer der Kaserne? Allerdings war dieses besetzt - ein Soldat hatte sich beim Kampf gegen die Banditen aus dem Wald schwere Verletzungen zugezogen. Love atmete erneut tief aus und verlieh seinem Zorn so Ausdruck. \"Sie soll sich irgendwo hinlegen. Bringt sie in ein Bett.\" \"Sir... Wo? In welches?\" \"Hier in der Kaserne. Irgendwo.\" Der Soldat blickte ratlos. \"Hier wird es doch ein leeres Zimmer geben!\", brauste Love auf. \"Ich weiß es nicht, Sir. Im Schlafsaal der Soldaten vielleicht -\" Love schloss einen Moment die Augen. Manche seiner Untergesetzten schienen nicht klar denken zu können. \"Bringen Sie sie... In mein Zimmer.\" \"In ihr - ?\" \"Unterbrechen Sie mich nicht!\" Der Soldat salutierte und hob Honey hoch, einen Arm unter ihren Knien, einen unter ihrem Kopf. Er trug sie aus der Zelle. Love folgte ihm, drehte sich vor der Treppe noch einmal zur leeren Zelle um. Mit einem Seufzer stieg er sie hoch. Als Honey erwachte, dachte sie, sie wäre blind. Die Helligkeit trübte ihre Augen, und selbst als sie Schemen erkennen konnte, waren diese verschwommen. Sie stöhnte. Ihr Kopf pochte. Sie blinzelte. Das Bild wurde klarer. Nein, sie konnte nicht tot sein. Sie war in einem Raum. Sie lag auf etwas weichem. Es fühlte sich an, als läge sie auf Wolken. Es war tatsächlich ein Bett. Wann hatte sie das letzte Mal auf einem Bett gelegen? Es kam ihr wie eine Ewigkeit vor. Aber warum lag sie auf einmal in einem Bett? Sie sah sich um. Es war ein mittelgroßer, eher kleinerer Raum. Das erste was sie sah war ein kleines Tischchen direkt rechts neben dem recht großen Bett, in dem sie lag. Darauf lag ein Buch. Nichts weiter. Sie setzte sich auf. Die Decke des Zimmers war aus massivem dunklen Holz, demselben, aus dem auch Tisch und Bett waren. Außerdem stand schräg dem Bett gegenüber ein Schrank, und links neben dem Bett noch ein kleines Tischchen. Alles ebenfalls aus dem Holz. Auf diesem Tisch stand eine Porzellanschüssel mit aufwändigen Bemalungen. Eine Waschschüssel. Vor Fenster, and der Wand rechts gegenüber dem Bett war ein Schreibtisch. Darauf befanden sich deutlich mehr Dinge. Ein kleine Holztruhe. Eine Schreibfeder, einige Pergamente. Bücher. Wo war Honey? An den Wänden hingen Waffen: Zwei Gewehre, zwei Pistolen und ein Säbel. Außerdem ein Pergament, auf dem etwas stand. Und ein Ölbild. Als Honey zur wand links neben sich sah, blickte sie in ein Gesicht. Sie erschrak. Das Gesicht war leicht gedunkelt durch Staub und Dreck. Wirre Haare hingen darin. Auf der rechten Wange war eine kleine Schramme, die allerdings rot leuchtete. Das war nicht irgendein Gesicht. Das war Honey. Sie blickte in einen Spiegel. Rasch setzte sie die Beine auf den Boden und ging näher an den Spiegel heran. Sie befühlte die Schramme. Es tat sehr weh. Sie strich sich die Strähnen aus dem Gesicht. Wenn sie doch nur den Dreck abwaschen könnte. Aber sie traute sich nicht auch nur eines der Dinge im Raum zu berühren, geschweige denn sich mit dem Wasser der Waschschüssel zu waschen. Langsam drehte sie sich um. Wer hatte sie hierher gebracht - und warum? Angesichts der Waffen an der Wand hatte Honey eine Idee, verwarf sie jedoch aus Angst gleich wieder. Aber etwas anderes fiel ihr nicht ein. Dann fiel ihr ein großes Pergament in Auge, welches direkt neben der massiven Holztür an der Wand hing. Es schien eine Art Brief zu sein. Daneben hing eine Fahne der links eine blaue Fläche mit einem weißen Stern, und daneben eine weiße Fläche über einer roten zu sehen waren. Das war die Flagge von Texas, wenn Honey sich nicht irrte. Sie sah sich das beschriebene Pergament genauer an. \"Hiermit unterstehe ich, Harrison William Love, geboren am 14. Januar 1819, Texas, mit militärischen Diensten Don Rafael Montero. Ich werde zum Captain befördert und Leiter der Armee des Selbigen sein. Sämtliche Soldaten dieser Armee unterstehen meiner Befehlsgewalt, welche wiederum der von Don Montero untersteht. Ich habe das Recht das Gesetz in vollem Maße aufzuführen. In Zweifelsfällen entscheide ich über die mir Unterstehenden (ausgenommen Adelsgesellschaft und mexikanisches Obergericht). Mein Dienstlohn wird nach meinen Tätigkeiten und deren Dauer berechnet. Dieser Vertrag endet mit dem Einverständnis beider Parteien. Gültigkeit bestätigt am: 4. April 1947\" Darunter war die Unterschrift von Rafael Montero und - mit anderer Handschrift - eine sauber verschnörkelte Unterschrift, die folglich Loves sein musste. Der Vertrag musste vor ungefähr drei Monaten abgeschlossen worden sein, dachte Honey. Jetzt war klar, wo sie sich befand. Love führte eine ganze Armee. Das war kein beruhigender Gedanke. Von Rafael Montero hatte sie schon gehört. Sie erinnerte sich, wie die Padres immer auf ihn geschimpft hatten. Er hatte, ein paar Jahre, bevor sie geboren wurde, das Amt des Gouverneurs von Kalifornien vertreten. In dieser Zeit seien die Lebensbedingungen unerträglich gewesen, sagten die Menschen. Hohe Steuern, ungerechte Bestrafungen, massenhaft Hinrichtungen. Schließlich hatte er das Land verlassen, aber es kursierten Gerüchte, dass er wieder zurückkehren wolle. Dieses Gerücht war hiermit wohl bestätigt. Aber Honey interessierte sich nicht für Politik. Es ging ihr so oder so schlecht. Sie wand sich von dem Pergament ab, in dem Moment, als die Tür aufging. Love sah auf die Hand, die immer noch auf dem Pergament lag. \"Was tust du da?\", fragte er. Sie sah zur Seite und zog, scheinbar erschrocken, den Finger weg. \"Nichts\", sagte sie viel zu hastig. Love runzelte - nach Honeys Ermessen sehr arrogant - die Stirn und ging an ihr vorbei in den Raum hinein. Er legte eine Ledermappe auf den Schreibtisch, öffnete und sah durch die vielen Blätter. \"Du weißt also wo du bist.\" \"In… Ihrem Büro.\" Love lachte, ohne aufzuschauen. \"Nein, mein Büro ist das ganz sicher nicht. Das ist mein Schlafzimmer.\" Etwas in Honeys Magen verkrampfte sich. Love blätterte Abwesend durch die Mappe, sah dann auf. \"Leg dich hin und schlaf. Je mehr du schläfst desto schneller kommst du wieder auf trab\", mit den Augen wieder auf den Blätter und leiser fügte er \"und desto schneller werde ich los\" hinzu. Honey war erst irritiert, dann ging ihr ein Licht auf und sie verdrehte die Augen. Love hatte sie in der Zelle nicht umbringen wollen. Das durfte doch nicht wahr sein. Dieser widerliche Kerl spielte wahrscheinlich nur mit ihr. Aber sie würde nicht mitspielen. Sie drehte sich mit einem Seufzer um und setzte sich so auf den Bettrand, dass sie Love den Rücken zu wand. \"Haben Sie keine anderen Möglichkeiten, mich loszuwerden?\", fragte sie leise. Love sah überrascht auf. \"Wie bitte? … Ich kann dich töten, wenn du das meinst.\" Honey holte schnappend Luft. Love lachte in sich hinein, packte die Blätter zusammen, und schloss die Mappe. Er legte sie in einer Schublade des Schreibtisches, welche er abschloss. Dann nahm er den Schlüssel und ging zur Tür. Dabei sagte er \"Benimm dich\". An der Tür drehte er sich kurz um und tippte in seinem Gesicht auf die Stelle, wo bei Honey die Schramme von dem Schlag war. Mit einem - wie Honey erneut feststellte - arroganten Lachen verließ er den Raum. Mistkerl. Love schlenderte über den Kasernenhof. Es war tatsächlich nur ein Spiel für ihn. Amüsant, die Naivität des Mädchens zu beobachten. Ihre Ängstlichkeit und die kläglichen Versuche, diese zu vertuschen. Er hatte seinen Spaß, also war die ganzen Sache vielleicht gar nicht so schlimm. Er ging durch das Haupttor auf das weiträumige Gelände um die Hazienda Montero. Einen Mestizendiener - gekleidet mit brauner Hose und staubigem, weißem Hemd wies er an, warmes Essen und Wasser in sein Schlafzimmer zu bringen. Er genoss es, Don Rafael zu unterstehen. Die Diener kannten ihn, konnten seine Befehle ausführen. Sein Lohn war beträchtlich, nicht dass er darauf angewiesen war. Er leitete eine Armee. Und er konnte regelmäßig die Tochter des Dons, Elena sehen. Diese Frau war eine Schönheit von ungemeiner Ausstrahlung. Es war zwar offensichtlich, dass Don Rafael seine Tochter hütete wie einen Augapfel, und dass er bei versuchten Annäherungen an sie sofort dass Thema wechselte, trotzdem hing Love an ihren Lippen, wenn sie sprach, an ihrem Körper, wenn sie sich bewegte. Außerdem hatte Love manchmal das Glück, sie allein zu treffen. Natürlich wusste er, dass es ein Risiko sein würde, sich auf eine Liaison mit ihr einzulassen, und er würde seinen Job niemals auf diese Weise riskieren, trotzdem erwischte er sich gelegentlich bei dem Gedanken an eine Nacht mit Elena. Er verließ den Kasernenhof über das hintere, große Tor, und befand sich auf dem weitläufigen Platz vor Monteros Hazienda. Diese glich einem Palast, während seiner zwanzigjährigen Abwesenheit hatte Montero sie sichtlich pflegen lassen. Auf dem Vorhof liefen Soldaten mit Pferden und Diener hin und her. Angekommen in der Hazienda lief er gradlinig in die prächtige Eingangshalle. Montero sprach gerade mit einem Diener, besser gesagt schien er ihn zurechtzuweisen. Er hatte Montero schon launisch erlebt, jedoch noch nie mit Zorn auf Love selber. Er trat seitlich hinter Montero. \"...nicht finden, dann werde ich dich dafür bezahlen lassen!\", erzürnte sich Montero. Er bemerkte Love nicht. Der Mann, den Montero anschrie, war recht alt und stand, den Kopf gesenkt, als wolle er mit seinen Augen Löcher in den Boden sehen. Montero trat noch einen Schritt näher an ihn heran, es hätte niemanden verwundert, wenn er den Mann am Kragen gepackt hätte. \"Dieses Besteck hat meiner Mutter gehört, verdammt! Finde es, oder - Love!\" Loves Schatten war im ins Auge gefallen. Er drehte sich um und reichte ihm die Hand. \"Guten Morgen. Wieder nur Stress, wie sie sehen!\" Er lächelte Love an, wandte sich dann jedoch ohne die Spur eines Lächelns an den Diener. \"Finde es!\" Er wandte sich ab und ging mit Love an seiner Seite durch die Eingangshalle. \"Das Besteck ist verschwunden, dieser Idiot war dafür zuständig.\" Love dachte kurz nach. \"Und Sie sind sicher, dass er es verloren hat, Sir?\" Montero sah ihn an. \"Wie meinen Sie das?\" Love zuckte die Schultern. \"Nun, es scheinen Gegenstände von hohem Wert zu sein.\" Montero runzelte die Stirn. \"Sie bezichtigen mein Personal des Diebstahls?\" \"Keineswegs. Ich frage mich nur, wie weit man gehen würde, um sich etwas... dazuzuverdienen.\" Montero sah ihn an, dann sagte er: \"Das sollte überprüft werden.\" Die beiden Männer waren am Ende der Eingangshalle angekommen und stiegen die Treppe hinauf. Sie waren auf dem Weg in Monteros Büro, um die Unterlagen des Projektes anzusehen, für das Montero Love angeheuert hatte. Anschließend würden sie sich den langen Ritt zum Projektort vornehmen. Es würde ein anstrengender Tag werden. Honey hatte tatsächlich schlafen können. Durch Geräusche an der Tür und danach im Raum wachte sie auf. Jemand hatte das Zimmer betreten, war aber im Türrahmen stehengeblieben. Es war ein Mann, offensichtlich ein Diener. \"Oh, es tut mir Leid\", sagte er leise, \"Ich wusste nicht, dass...\" \"Ist in Ordnung!\", sagte Honey bemüht freundlich. Der Mann nickte und trat ins Zimmer. Er trug einen Teller und einen Eimer Wasser. Diesen stellte er auf dem Boden ab, den Teller, auf dem sich dampfendes Fleisch, Brot und Messer sowie Gabel befanden, stellte auf den Schreibtisch. \"Danke\", sagte Honey, weil sie das Gefühl hatte, dass sich das so gehörte. Der Mann nickte erneut und verließ wortkarg das Zimmer. Honey würde sich nicht trauen, das Essen auch nur anzurühren. Jedoch ging sie nach einer Weile zu dem Eimer. Sie hatte neben dem Spiegel eine Tür entdeckt, die exakt die gleiche Farbe die Wand hatte. Sie schien extra unauffällig gehalten worden zu sein. Hinter der Tür war ein kleiner Raum. Als Honey ihn sah, staunte sie. In ihm befanden sich eine wunderschöner marmorne Badewanne auf vier Beinen und eine ebenso marmorne Toilette, neben der ein Eimer Wasser stand. Auch Love musste reich sein. Allerdings war der Raum sehr dunkel, einzig das Licht aus dem Nebenraum drang hinein. Honey nahm den Eimer Wasser, den der Diener gebracht hatte und trug ihn in diesen Raum. Sie zog ihre vollkommen dreckigen Kleider aus und wusch das Blut und die Erde ab. Wieder trocken zog sie sich an und wusch ihre Haare mit Seife, die neben der Badewanne lag. Jetzt fühlte sie sich so gut wie schon lange Zeit nicht mehr. Es war, als könnte sie erst jetzt richtig atmen. Schließlich räumte sie den Eimer zurück ins Schlafzimmer und setzte sich auf das Bett. Sie fühlte sich sehr seltsam, während sie sich so frei in dem fremden Raum bewegte. Sie verdrängte die Vorstellung an den, der normalerweise in diesem Bett schlief. Die Sonne draussen stieg hoch zum Himmel, und schließlich sank sie, mit dem voranschreiten des Tages, wieder ab. Honey warf dem Essen auf dem Tisch zwar gelegentlich einen Blick zu, wagte aber nicht, es anzurühren. Sie saß gerade auf dem Bett, ihre nun glänzenden Haare vor dem Spiegel mit den Händen kämmend, aus der Schlüssel im Türschloss herumgedreht wurde. Die Sonne war nun fast untergegangen, der Himmel war violett, rot und orange und leuchtete faszinierend. Die Tür ging auf und Love betrat den Raum. Er hatte seine blaue Uniform an, den Hut aber abgenommen. Als er den Raum betrat, warf er Honey einen kurzen Blick zu, wendete sich dann ab und legte seinen Uniformmantel und den Hut ab. Allerdings hielt er inne und drehte sich noch einmal zu Honey. Er sah ihr ins Gesicht, dann wanderte sein Blick unverfroren über ihre Haare zu ihrem Körper. Er hob den Kopf und lächelte. Dann wandte er sich ab und ging zum Schreibtisch. Er sah das Essen und blickte Honey an. \"Du hast ja gar nichts gegessen...\", sagte er fragend. Honey sah ihn nicht an. \"Ich w-wusste nicht ob...\" Sie brach ab und sah zur Seite. Love sah sie mit offenem Mund an. Verdammt, war sie hübsch. \"Ob du das essen durftest?\" Sie nickte verloren. Love lachte. \"Iss es jetzt!\" Honey stand auf und ging, Love kurz ansehend, an ihm vorbei, um sich auf den Stuhl vor dem Schreibtisch zu setzen. Sie nahm vorsichtig das Besteck und schnitt ein Stück Fleisch ab. Gerade wollte sie das Stück mit der Gabel zum Mund führen, als sie in der Fensterscheibe etwas reflektiertes sah. Sie erschrak und fuhr herum - Love hatte sein weißes Hemd ausgezogen und stand mit nacktem Oberkörper im Zimmer. Was hatte er vor? Jedoch sah sie ihn nur kurz an und drehte sich dann mit roten Wangen wieder um. Sie aß das Stück. Es schmeckte köstlich, Honey fühlte sich, als hätte sie nie etwas derart leckeres gegessen. Als hätte sie überhaupt nie gegessen. Doch trotz des Hungers kaute sie langsam - und beobachtete dabei eingeschüchtert das Spiegelbild von Love im Fenster. Sie beobachtete ihn eher aus Angst, als ihr Blick auf seinen Körper fiel. Es war nicht die Art von Männeroberkörper, die sie gewohnt war - dreckig oder vernarbt. Narben hätte sie sich bei einem Soldaten gut vorstellen können. Doch Loves Körper war männlich, sehr muskulös und doch gepflegt. Honey schluckte. Was hatte er vor? Love dehnte seine Arme, als er sah, dass er beobachtet wurde. Die ihn ansehenden Augen des Mädchens spiegelten sich im Fenster. Als ihre Augen sich trafen, sah sie schnell weg, nur um wenige Sekunden später wieder seinem Blick zu begegnen. Honey versuchte sich vollkommen auf das Essen zu konzentrieren, doch ihre Hände zitterten. Anscheinend steckte sie gerade in einer der Phasen, in der ihr Geist sich der Gefahr bewusst wurde, die sie umgab. Als sie den ganzen Tag im Zimmer gewesen war, hatte ihre Angst nachgelassen. Doch nun war sie sich wieder bewusst, dass es das Zimmer des Mörders von Joaquín war. Und das dieser auch noch anwesend war. Und dass sie gerade sein Essen aß. Love hatte sich ein Hemd angezogen und wusch sein Gesicht. Honey aß die letzten Bissen des Gerichts und legte schließlich das Besteck auf den Teller. Sie blickte Love an, er kam zum Schreibtisch und nahm den Teller hoch. \"Danke\", sagte Honey. Love hielt inne. \"...Dafür...\". \"Keine Ursache\", sagte er, sie fixierend. Dann ging er mit dem Teller zur Tür und öffnete sie. \"Wache!\", rief er. Im Flur hinter der Tür öffnete sich eine andere und ein Soldat trat salutierend heraus. \"Sir\", sagte er steif. \"Einen Diener\", befahl Love und stellte den Teller auf einem kleinen Tisch vor seiner Tür ab. Dann schloss er die Tür wieder. Honey war aufgestanden und blickte Love erwartungsvoll an. Er runzelte die Stirn. Sie standen da, sich ansehend, dann machte er sich daran, das Bett zu machen. Er hob sorgfältig die Decke hoch, schüttelte sie aus und legte sie dann wieder auf das Bett. Wie in Gedanken versunken beachtete er sie nicht, ging ins Bad und schloss die Tür hinter sich. Der Geistesblitz kam Honey sofort, und noch während sie losrannte, in den Flur, wusste sie, dass es aussichtslos war. Sie kam zum Ende des Flurs, aber hinter ihr rannte jemand heran, also blieb sie stehen. Sie würde momentan kein Wettrennen gewinnen. Love stieß gegen sie, er hatte nicht damit gerechnet, dass sie einfach stehenbleiben würde. \"Wolltest du dich gar nicht verabschieden?\", fragte er zynisch, schwer atmend. \"...Tschüss-\" Love packte Honey im Genick und schubste sie unsanft vor sich her, zurück in das Zimmer. Honey riss sich ruckartig los. Love atmete wütend aus, packte sie am Handgelenk, zog sie erst zum Schrank, aus dem er schwere Eisenhandschellen holte. Er machte die eine Hälfte der Handschelle an Honeys Arm fest. Dann versuchte er sie zum Bett zu schubsen, sie wich jedoch aus. Er hob sie hoch, legte sie sich über die Schulter, so dass er ihre Beine festhielt, und trug sie zum Bett. Darauf legte er sie ab - er schmiss sie eher -, presste ihren Kopf an den Haaren ins Bett um sie am sich winden zu hindern und machte schließlich die andere Hälfte der Handschelle an einem feingeschnitzten Loch, das an der Oberseite des Bettes als Verzierung diente, fest. Honey lag auf dem Bett, den Arm unbequem nach oben verdreht. Love richtete sich schweratmend auf, konnte aber ein Grinsen nicht unterdrücken. Was hatte man ihm da nur eingebrockt. Honeys Oberteil war verrutscht und legte einen Teil ihres Oberkörpers frei. Das fiel Love erst auf, als er um das Bett herum zum Bad gehen wollte. Er biss die Zähne lächelnd zusammen und besah die junge und außergewöhnlich helle, jetzt saubere Haut. Dann setzte er sich neben Honey auf das Bett und strich mit einer Hand über den Bauch. Er berührte die Haut nur ganz leicht. Er schluckte und berührte das Oberteil, um es weiter hochzuziehen und ihre Brüste zu sehen, doch da flüsterte Honey: \"Nein\". Loves Blick fiel auf ihr Gesicht. Jetzt sah sie erbärmlich aus. Tränen in den Augen, die zu einem einzigen Flehen verzogen waren. \"Bitte...nicht\", sagte sie so angsterfüllt, wie sie noch nie mit ihm gesprochen hatte. Sie weinte. Das brachte ihn ab. Er stand auf, jetzt wieder absolut gefasst und ruhig, absolut professionell. Seit wann hatte er es nötig, mit kleinen Straßenkindern zu schlafen?! Er ging ins Bad und schloss die Tür ab. Er wusch sich gründlich. Ja, er war nunmal ein Mann, und ja, es hatte sich etwas bewegt. Aber dafür konnte weder Love selbst etwas, noch die kleine widerspenstige Göre da draussen. So reizvoll war sie auch nicht! Er hörte sie weinen. Himmel. Wo war ihr Stolz auf einmal? Und ihr Schamgefühl ihm gegenüber? Als er jedoch aus dem kleinen Bad trat, war sie still. Sie lag ihm zugewandt auf der Seite, aber sah ihn nicht an. Dann sagte sie leise: \"Eine Nacht. Diese Nacht. Wenn Sie mich morgen gehen lassen. Wenn Sie mich gehen lassen... dann machen Sie heute Nacht... was Sie wollen. Mit mir. Was Sie wollen.\" Love hatte mit allem gerechnet - aber nicht damit. Er blieb eine längere Weile stehen und sah das gefesselte Mädchen an. Dieses Angebot änderte nichts an der Einstellung, die er im Bad gewonnen hatte. Es war ja nicht so, dass sie dabei war, ihn zu verführen. Dieser Versuch sich \"freizukaufen\" war so kindlich, naiv und schwach, dass er Love viel mehr einen klaren Kopf machte, als ihn zu erregen. Er runzelte die Stirn. \"Versteh mich nicht falsch - es wäre sicher keine Strafe für mich mit dir zu schlafen.\" Love lächelte. Honey sah ihn erschrocken über die direkte Art an. \"Sag nur, Kleine,...Honey,... was bringt es dir morgen früh frei herumzulaufen, wenn du nichts mehr hast? Ich würde dir deinen Stolz nehmen, dich misshandeln, dir vielleicht wehtun-\" \"Nein! Ich mach alles was Sie sagen! Ich-\" \"Nicht weil du dich wehrst.\" \"Was.. Ich wehre mich nicht!\" Sie sah verstört drein. Love lächelte arrogant. \"Ich würde dir nicht wehtun, weil du dich wehrst.\" \"Warum...dann...?\" \"Ich denke du bist zu jung um das zu verstehen. Hör zu.\" Er drehte den Stuhl vor dem Schreibtisch so, dass er zum Bett wies. Dann setzte er sich müde darauf und stütze seinen Oberkörper nach vorn mit den Ellenbogen auf den Oberschenkeln ab. \"Biete mir nicht an, zu machen, was ich will. Du würdest es weder durchhalten, noch genießen. Es würde schon bei Kleinigkeiten anfangen. Das willst du nicht.\" Honey starrte ihn beinahe trotzig an. \"Ich will meine Ruhe.\" \"Dann solltest du jetzt besser schlafen.\" Er stand seufzend auf, ging zum Schrank und zog eine Decke aus einer Schublade. Die breitete er zur linken Seite neben dem Bett aus. Er nahm ein kleines Kissen vom Bett und schmiss es darauf. Dann holte er aus der Holzkiste auf seinem Schreibtisch einen kleinen Schlüssel, lehnte sich über Honey und löste die Handschelle aus dem Loch im Bett. Ängstlich versuchte Honey, ihren Verzweiflungsplan doch noch durchzusetzen, Love zu dem Deal zu zwingen. Sie strich mit der freien, ganzen Handfläche über den nackten Oberkörper, der über sie gelehnt war. Innerhalb dieser Sekunde ergriff sie Übelkeit, sie konnte diesen Mann nicht berühren, die Bilder von Joaquíns Tod schossen ihr durch den Kopf, ihr drehte sich der Magen um. Sie hätte Hand zurückgezogen, wenn Love sie nicht in der nächsten Sekunde am Gelenk gepackt und ins Bett gedrückt hätte. Er hielt die Hand fest. Loves andere Hand schoss sich reflexartig unter ihrem Kinn. Doch sofort erkannte er, dass das kein Angriff gewesen war. Sie hatte ihn nicht berührt, um ihn zu \"verletzten\". Er lies sie los, jetzt waren Honeys Arme beide frei, an einem baumelte jedoch noch die Handschelle. \"Netter Versuch\", sagte er und deutete dann auf das \"Bett\" am Boden. \"Leg dich da hin.\" Honey richtete sich langsam auf. Sobald sie ihm den Rücken zugewandt hatte, nahm er ihre Arme zusammen und machte die Handschellen daran fest. Er sah dabei auf ihren Hinterkopf, dann beugte er sich vor, berührte mit den Lippen ihr linkes Ohr und flüsterte \"Gute Nacht\" hinein. Honey lief ein Schauer über den Rücken. Als er sie losgelassen hatte, legte sie sich hin. Love schüttelte erneut seine eigene Bettdecke aus, auf der Honey gelegen hatte, dann legte er sich ins Bett.[Chapter 7] KAPITEL 6 ~ Honeys Geschichte Stöhnen. Ein Traum. Aber es war nicht das Stöhnen, das Love bevorzugte. Da stöhnte niemand unter ihm, da stöhnte jemand neben ihm. Und es war kein Traum, es war real. Warum um Himmels Willen stöhnte jemand neben ihm? Er war allei - nein. Er war nicht allein. Und wenn er jetzt die Augen aufschlagen würde, würde er neben sich ein kleines, stöhnendes Mädchen vorfinden, das einen Alptraum hatte. Wenn das Stöhnen wenigstens eine andere Ursache gehabt hätte... Stöhnen. Ein Traum. Er war so real, die Hitze der Sonne schien Honey tatsächlich zu verbrennen. Da war Sand, blutiger Sand. Und da waren Soldaten. Und jemdn holte mit einem Degen aus. Das Stöhnen hielt abrupt inne und Honey schrie: \"Joaquín!\" Der Schrei war so laut, dass sie aufwachte. Sie saß förmlich im Bett, soweit ihr gebundener Arm es zuließ. Da war jemand neben ihr, er sah sie entgeistert an. Träumte sie immer noch? Ein fortgesetzter Alptraum, noch realer als der Letzte? Es war der Mörder, der widerliche Mörder... Warum empfand sie Scham? Love war vom ewigen Geräuschpegel in seinem Umfeld genervt gewesen, doch als er schließlich mit einem Schrei vollends aufgeweckt wurde, platzte ihm der Kragen. Er wollte das Mädchen zur Ruhe bringen, doch sie war bereits wach und saß kerzengerade im \"Bett\". Er richtete sich auf. Sie fasste sich. Offenbar war es ihr peinlich, dass sie geschrien hatte. \"Scheiße!\", sagte sie leise, schwer atmend. Love atmete genervt aus und stand auf. Ihm war die ganze Situation zuwider. Eine wildfremde Bauerngöre hatte nichts im Zimmer eines Hauptmannes zu suchen, es sei denn, er wollte sie... Honey sah Love aufstehen und ein Tuch hervorziehen, mit dem er auf sie zuging. \"Mach den Mund auf.\" Honey tat, was er sagte, als er mit das Tuch in Richtung ihres Mundes schwenkte, schloss sie ihn allerdings. \"Sie wollen mich knebeln?\", fragte sie. \"Ja!\", stieß Love aus. \"Bitte nicht, ich-\" Er packte ihren Kiefer mit einer Hand und öffnete ihren Mund gewaltsam, doch Honey wehrte sich und stieß aus: \"Ich kann doch nichts dafür!\" Love hielt inne. \"Ich verspreche Ihnen.. Ich-Ich bin still jetzt.\" Love schloss die Augen, entnervt und müde. 'Nur eine Nacht,' presste er in seine Gedanken, 'Nur eine Nacht und dann schaffst du dir dieses nervige Balg vom Leib!' Er öffnete die Augen wieder und stand ohne ein weiteres Wort auf und legte sich hin. Warum gab er sich mit so etwas ab? Warum nahm er sie nicht einfach, erschoss sie hinterher und ließ ihre Reste von den Soldaten verscharren? Das würde doch der Vorstellung, die sie von einem Soldaten hatte, perfekt entsprechen. Ja, Honey würde jetzt still sein. Kein Alptraum mehr, denn wenn man nicht schlief, dann träumte man auch nicht. Also saß sie da, Oberkörper und Kopf an die Wand gelehnt, und hörte auf die Atemgeräusche eines Killers. Ob er wohl Geld bekommen hatte, dafür, dass er Joaquín umgebracht hatte? Kopfgeldjäger bekamen schließlich auch Geld. Was für verquere Gedanken. Sie räusperte sich so leise sie konnte. Er schien zu schlafen. Wenn sie doch nur den Schlüssel für ihre Handschellen gehabt hätte. Sie waren so schwer, normalerweise mussten sie an den Händen von Verbrechern liegen... - Honey stockte. Das brachte se auf eine Idee. Wenn diese Fesseln für Männer gedacht waren, dann müssten sie doch eigentlich viel zu groß... Lautlos bewegte sie ihre tauben Hände. Tatsächlich - mit regelmäßiger, kreisender Bewegung zog Honey langsam ihre Hände aus den Schellen. Raus hier. Nur noch dieser Gedanke ergriff Besitz von ihr. Trotzdem bewegte sie sich vorsichtig. Aufstehen, auf die Zehenspitzen stellen, leise, Love kurz ansehen, um das Bett herumschleichen, zur Tür, schnell, zur Tür! Leise legte Honey ihre Hand auf die Türklinke. Wie im Rausch drückte sie sie vorsichtig hinunter. Abgeschlossen. Adrenalin schoss durch ihre Adern. Es konnte hier nicht enden. Sie sah sich um. Ihre Augen hatten sich an die Dunkelheit gewöhnt. Sie musterte die Möbel, nirgendwo ein Schlüssel, nirgendwo etwas, das aushelfen konnte. Sie sah den Hauptmann an. Dieser widerliche Kerl. Neben ihm auf dem Tischchen lag seine Schusswaffe. Und wenn sie das Schloss aufschoss? Was für ein dummer Gedanke. Schließlich würde der Soldat aufwachen und sie... hätte die Waffe in der Hand. Binnen Sekunden war eine Entscheidung getroffen. Honey huschte zum Bett. Love wachte von den Schritten auf, aber als er langsam die Augen öffnete, sah er genau vor seinem Gesicht eine Mündung. Er richtete sich auf, langsam erfassten seine Augen das dunkle Bild. Das Mädchen stand da, hielt die Pistole mit beiden Händen auf ihn gerichtet. Sie schluckte. Alejandro konnte es nicht fassen. \"Das ist nicht wahr... Das ... das glaub ich einfach nicht.\" Sein Blick fiel ins Leere. Vorbei an den Felswänden. Es war kalt in der Höhle, in der sie sich befanden. Zwei Meter vor ihm, in dem Gang aus kaltem, dunklen Stein stand Diego de la Vega. Das konnte nicht stimmen - Diego de la Vega, oder besser \"Zorro\". Zorro, der mutige Schatten aus Alejandros Kindheit. Die Erinnerung an das Glück, welches er damals beim Klang dieses Namens verspürte lies sein Herz rasen. Zorro war sein Held gewesen - und jetzt stand er vor ihm. Er stand nicht nur vor ihm, er war dabei, sein Versteck zu betreten. Nachdem sie die Haupthöhle betreten hatten und Alejandro sich von dem ersten freudigen Schock erholt hatte, konnte er sich alles genau ansehen. Die Höhle war riesig. Den größere Teil nahm eine flache Fläche ein, auf den mehrere Kreise gezeichnet waren, die ineinander immer kleiner wurden. Außerdem befanden sich dort ein Durchgang zu einem kleineren Teil der Höhle sowie zwei leere Pferdeställe. An den Wänden waren Seilkonstruktionen angebracht, die aussahen, als wären sie für anstrengende Konditionsübungen gedacht. Zwei Treppenstufen führten auf einen gehobenen Teil der Höhle, auf dem Regale mit Wein und Tisch und Stühle standen. Alles war eingestaubt und dreckig, doch Alejandro fühlte sich, als hätte er den interessantesten Ort der Erde gefunden. Diego war mittlerweile zu einem der Regale gegangen und goss sich gerade Wein aus einer der Flaschen ein. Entspannt setzte er sich auf einen der Stühle und legte die Füße auf den Tisch. Alejandro stellte sich auf die untere Treppenstufe und lehnte sich - immernoch die Höhle musternd - an das Treppengeländer \"Das gibt es doch gar nicht. Ich hätte niemals gedacht, dass ich einmal im Bau des Zorro stehen würde.\" Unempfänglich für Alejandros Verehrung sagte Diego: \"Dieser Ort war der Ausbildung Zorros gewidmet.\" \"Wo warst du all diese Jahre? Alle dachten, du seist tot!\" Diego nickte abwesend an seinem Glas. \"Ich war tot. Belass es dabei.\" Doch Alejandro war schon wieder auf etwas anderes konzentriert. Verspielt wie ein Kind und wild gestikulierend sagte er: \"Ich erinnere mich noch an Zorro letzten Kampf. Du warst der Beste. Gegen hundert Männer hast du gekämft. Keiner hatte die geringste Chance gegen dich. Du warst der größte Fechter aller Zeiten. Oh ja!\" Diego fragte leise \"Rafael Montero war damals Gouverneur von Kalifornien. Erinnerst du dich?\" Alejandro sah kurz verwirrt aus, dann geriet er aus dem Strudel des Schwärmens heraus. \"Ja... Seine Männer brachten viele Menschen um. Er war ein großer Feind Zorros\", jetzt lächelte er wieder, \"von dir...\" \"Montero ist wieder da\", unterbrach ihn Diego leise. \"Bring ihn um\", sagte Alejandro verschmitzt. \"Nein. Das geht nicht.\" \"Wieso?\" \"Komplikationen. Es geht nicht\", sagte Diego in einem Ton, der klarmachte, dass das Thema abgeschlossen war. Alejandro lies sich davon nicht entmutigen. Er sagte leise \"Ich seh schon... wir werden nicht viel reden.\" Diego ignorierte ihn. \"Montero hat etwas vor. Er hat etwas mit Kalifornien vor. Nicht umsonst hat er deinen Captain Love angeheuert.\" Alejandros Blick wurde hart. \"Wir werden herausfinden was, richtig?\" \"Wenn du soweit bist... ja. Dann forden wir das Schicksal heraus\", sagte Diego, und zum ersten Mal lächelte er. \"Lass uns gleich anfangen!\", rief Alejandro und schlug mit der Faust auf das Geländer, welches nachgab und zusammenbrach. Diego starrte in sein Glas. 'Das wird eine Menge Arbeit', dachte er. Wenn der Schüler soweit ist, dann kommt der Meister - heißt es in einem Sprichwort. Doch Alejandro war sich nicht sicher, ob er soweit war. Tatendrang und Hass auf den blonden Soldaten zwangen ihn, nicht liegenzubleiben, sich nicht aufzugeben. Und ein drückendes Gefühl in seiner Brust wiederum verdeutlichte ihm, dass er noch viel Schmerz zu verarbeiten hatte, bevor er wieder vollauf leben konnte. Er saß mit Diego an dem hölzernen Tisch, jeder von Ihnen hatte ein Glas in der Hand. Alejandro hatte Diego jedoch nicht dazu bringen können, ihm etwas von dem Wein einzuschenken. Alkohol sei jetzt nicht gut für ihn, hatte Diego gesagt. Alejandro wollte nicht diskutieren - nicht mit Zorro. \"Es gibt etwas, das ich euch sagen muss, Don Diego. Man sucht mich. Ich bin ein Dieb.\" De La Vega sah ihn nicht an. Er nippte an seinem Wein. \"Das habe ich mir gedacht. Dein Bruder...\", eine Pause entstand, die er ließ, um Alejandro Zeit zu lassen, den Satz zu beenden. Dieser spürte, dass der Knoten in seiner Brust enger wurde. \"...war ein Dieb. Wir haben zusammen Rancher und Dons überfallen, Geld und Pferde gestohlen, uns mit Soldaten und Adligen angelegt\", ein trauriges Lächeln huschte über Alejandros Gesicht. \"Nun, das geht nicht immer gut. Was weist du über den Mörder deines Bruders?\" \"Mein Bruder hat sich selbst erschossen. Er wollte diesem Mistkerl nicht die Ehre geben, ihn zu töten. Was weiß ich schon über ihn. Er sieht aus wie ein blonder, arroganter Soldat. Er scheint ein Texaner zu sein.\" Diego nickte nachdenklich. Warum hatte Montero diesen Mann nur angeheuert? \"Er hat der Leiche... den Kopf abgeschlagen. Und einen Freund von uns festgenommen.\" Alejandros Gedanken schweiften ab, zu Honey. Er wollte gar nicht wissen, was mit ihr passiert war. Hatte er sie auch eingesperrt? Oder umgebracht? Hatte er sie womöglich gefoltert oder vergewaltigt? All diese Gedanken setzten Alejandro zu. Er kannte Honeys Vergangenheit. \"Er hat...\", Alejandro fand nicht gleich die richtigen Worte. \"Bei uns war ein Mädchen.\" Diego sah erstaunt auf. Als Alejandro nicht fortfuhr, fragte er: \"Ein Mädchen?\" \"Fünfzehn Jahre alt. Ich-\" Diego unterbrach Alejandro scharf. \"Warum war ein fünfzehnjähriges Mädchen bei euch?\" \"Sie war sozusagen unser... wie soll ich sagen... wir haben für sie gesorgt. Don Diego... das ist eine lange Geschichte.\" \"Behalt sie bei dir. Solange du mir versicherst, dass ich keinen Schänder ausbilde.\" Alejandro lachte tonlos. \"Das versichere ich Ihnen.\" \"Schließen sie mir die Tür auf!\", befahl Honey. Love wollte eine sarkastische Bemerkung machen, doch er zögerte. Die Waffe war voller Ladung, das wusste er. Honey wiederholte ihre Aufforderung und lud ungalant den Lauf mit Daumen und Zeigefinger. Den Abzug betätigen konnte jeder, dachte Love. Langsam rutschte er nach vorn. Honey ging einen Schritt zurück. Love stand auf und ging erst einen Schritt vor, als würde er zur Tür gehen, dann ließ er seine jahrelang einstudierten Reflexe wirken. Er wirbelte herum, drückte Honey Arme samt Waffe nach oben und schleuderte sie so gegen die Wand. Die Waffe fiel ihr aus der Hand ohne einen Schuss abzugeben, Honey prallte ab und fiel zu Boden. Sie stöhnte vor Schmerz. Love sah von oben auf sie herab. Schade, dass sie nicht noch die Waffe hatte oder wenigstens aufrecht vor ihm stand, dann hätte er ihr eine Trachte Prügel versetzt. Er drehte sich um und ging zur Waffe, um sie zu entladen. \"Was ist?!\", sagte Honey schwer atmend, \"Warum bringen Sie es nicht EINMAL zuende? Ich möchte nicht immer vor Ihnen am Boden liegen, ich will dass Sie es beenden.\" Love entlud die Waffe. Sie war eindeutig zu weit für ihr Alter oder übergeschnappt. \"Du willst, dass ich dir auch einen so ehrenhaften Tod wie dem Bastard zuteil werden lasse?\" \"Ich will, dass Sie aufhören, mich nicht ernst zu nehmen!\" \"Ich soll dich ernst nehmen?\" Obwohl er fast gelangweilt war, lächelte er. Er griff in ihre Haare und zog Honey hoch, allerdings so, dass sie sich mehr selbst aufrichtete als dass sie gerissen wurde. Immer noch ihren Kopf festhaltend fragte er: \"Wo soll ich denn hinschlagen? Willst du es hier\", er ballte die Hand zur Faust und drückte damit sanft aber tief gegen Honeys Magen, \"Hier...\", er drückte gegen ihren Hals, \"Hier...\", er strich mit der Faust über ihre unverwundete Wange, \"oder sogar...hier?\", er löste die Faust auf und umfasste Honeys Brust. Sie stöhnte auf und wollte sich losreißen, doch jetzt griff Love richtig an ihren Haaren zu und hielt sie fest. Er knetete die Brust grob. Honey keuchte angsterfüllt. \"Na? Gefällt dir das? Soll ich dein Angebot von vorhin doch annehmen?\" Nein, er macht es wirklich, dachte Honey, sie fühlte sich wie benebelt vor Angst als Love sie aufs Bett warf. Sie machte sich bereit sich zu wehren, so sehr sie konnte, selbst wenn es... doch es geschah nichts. Love warf sich nicht auf sie, entriss ihr nicht die Kleider. Was für ein kontrolliertes Arschloch. Er saß auf dem Stuhl vor dem Bett und sah sie amüsiert an. \"Was du verstehen solltest,\" meinte er leichthin, in einem weniger provozierenden Tonfall, \"ist, dass du nicht ernst zu nehmen bist. Du bist eine kleine Göre mit hübschem Gesicht und dreckigem Blut. Dein Bruder, wie du ihn nennst, war ein Mann. Er konnte nichts - aber selbst das war mehr als das was du kannst. Das Einzige, was ein Soldat mit dir machen kann, ist das, was ich gerade begonnen habe. Alles andere wäre Zeitverschwendung. Das bist du nicht wert. Also hör zu: Du legst dich jetzt schlafen und hältst deinen Mund, oder du kannst was erleben. Haben wir uns verstanden?\" Honey überlegte, ob sie anfangen sollte zu weinen oder machen sollte, was er sagte, doch dann sagte sie unvermittelt: \"Ich habe sie nicht um diese Lektion gebeten.\" \"Du bekommst sie gratis\", antwortete Love selbstgefällig. \"Hauptsache Sie haben Ihren Spaß.\" Love runzelte die Stirn. \"Den habe ich nicht. Ich würde wesentlich lieber schlafen als mich mit einer Bauerngöre rumzutreiben. Die sich meine Waffe schnappt und damit herumspielt.\" Nach einer kurzen Pause fragte Honey: \"Sind Sie adlig, Captain Love?\" Love blickte überrascht auf, als sie ihn mit Namen ansprach. \"Nein, bin ich nicht.\" \"Das ist seltsam. Sie tun nämlich immer so als wäre jeder andere Abschaum.\" Love lächelte. \"Ich bewege mich normalerweise in anderen Kreisen.\" Honey lachte über seine Arroganz. 'Nur nicht in Panik ausbrechen, er ist auch nur ein Mann', dachte sie beharrlich. \"Und wie alt sind Sie, Love?\", fragte sie. Love musterte sie abschätzend. Was auch immer sie damit erreichen wollte, ihn mit Namen anzusprechen: es funktionierte. \"Neunundzwanzig.\" \"Sie sehen älter aus.\" Er lächelte. \"Tatsächlich? Wie alt?\" Honey zuckte mit den Schultern und strich sich mit der Handfläche über die Stirn. Sie wirkte müde. \"Du bist... fünfzehn, sechzehn?\", fragte Love. \"Sechzehn\", sagte sie leise. Love nickte. Honey legte die Stirn in Falten und sagte sarkastisch: \"Und ich bin auch nicht adlig.\" Der Hauptmann lachte. \"Nein, das bist du wirklich nicht. Aber hübsch bist du.\" Honeys Lächeln verschwand, sie schluckte. \"Keine Angst\", sagte er arrogant, \"Nicht hübsch genug.\" Nicht hübsch genug als dass sie ihm die Nacht versüßen konnte. Er stand auf. Honey rutschte unruhig hin und her. Love hob die Handschellen auf. \"Die waren dir wohl zu groß.\" Gedankenverloren blickte er in dem dunklen Raum umher. Er suchte etwas, womit er sie wieder fesseln konnte. So lieb und freundlich sie sich jetzt auch gab - die Sache mit der Pistole reichte für diese Nacht. Honey fühlte sich wieder deutlich unwohl, unsicher sah sie Love an. Er schien zu keinem Schluss zu kommen. \"Leg dich hin\", sagte er leise und deutete auf die Decke am Boden, ohne sie anzusehen. Doch sofort schien ihm ein Gedanke zu kommen. \"Nein, warte\", er streckte den Arm aus. \"Leg dich hier hin\", er deutete auf die Betthälfte, auf der Honey saß. Sie sah ihn erschrocken an, doch er schien weiter nachzudenken, ohne ein ironisches, berechnendes Lächeln. Aber selbst wenn es keine versteckte Drohung war, er konnte doch nicht ernsthaft verlangen, dass sie neben ihm... \"Du bist doch sauber, oder?\", fragte er mit einer Mischung aus Arroganz, Interesse und Sarkasmus. Honey sah ihn entgeistert an. \"Wie... bitte?\" \"Ob du dich gewaschen-\" \"Ich soll mich hier hinlegen?\" Love wartete, ob sie noch etwas hinzusetzte. Dann sagte er: \"Keine Sorge, ich bin sauber.\" Er hob die Decke vom Boden auf und staubte sie aus. Als er sich Honey zuwandte, hatte sie sich nicht gerührt. Immer noch bemüht, den Haken an der Sache zu erraten, überlegte sie fieberhaft, was sie tun sollte. Schließlich rückte sie mit dem Rück an die Bettlehne heran, soweit außen, wie es das Bett zuließ. Love legte die Decke über ihren Unterkörper. Honey sah verwirrt von Love zur Decke und wieder zurück, als er um das Bett herum auf \"seine Seite\" ging. Er setzte sich darauf, deckte sich ebenfalls zu. Er sah sie an. Als sie sich nicht regte, beugte er sich zu ihr herüber, und griff eine ihrer Haarsträhnen. Honey stieß eine Art ängstliches Quieken aus. Love roch an den Haaren. \"Gut.\" Er lachte. Vielleicht hatte er ja doch seinen Spaß. Es waren brutale Gedanken, die Alejandro sich niemals zugetraut hätte. Es war das erste Mal seit langem, dass er in einem richtigen Bett lag. Neben Zorro. Alles war so unwirklich. Was das Leben wirklich bedeutet, nimmt man gar nicht so wirklich wahr, bis sich etwas verändert. Und in Alejandros Leben hatte sich in den letzten Tagen fast alles auf einmal verändert. Aber es war noch nicht zuende. Das war erst der Anfang. Es würde erst zuende sein, wenn dieser Bastard gefasst würde. Wenn Alejandro ihn bekommen würde. Er mahlte sich aus, was er mit ihm anstellen würde. Er kannte den Mann kaum, aber Alejandro würde ihm so viele Schmerzen zufügen, dass es sich nicht lohnen würde, sich sein Gesicht einzuprägen - es würde hinterher völlig entstellt sein. Ob er Joaquíns Kopf wie eine Trophäe herumzeigte? Allein bei dieser Vorstellung spannten sich Alejandros Muskeln an und er begann zu zittern. Und dann war da doch auch noch das Mädchen - das arme Mädchen. Warum musste sie ausgerechnet an diesem Tag bei ihnen sein. Joaquín und er hatten sich vor drei Jahren mit Three-Finger-Jack zusammengetan, einem erfolgreichen Kopfgeldjäger. Er hatte sie geschnappt, hatte sich dann aber auf einen Deal eingelassen und den beiden so das Leben gerettet. Dann kamen sie auf die Idee, eine Strategie zu entwickeln, um mehr Beute zu erzielen: So zu tun, als hätte Jack Joaquín und Alejandro gefangen, um dann die Soldaten überraschend anzugreifen. Aber Honey kannte Alejandro schon wesentlich länger. Alejandro und sein Bruder wurden in die arme Welt Mexikos hineingeboren - ihre Mutter war eine Hure, und es stellte sich nie heraus, wer eigentlich ihr Vater war. Aber es war von vornherein klar, dass die schlechtverdienende Frau zwei Söhnen kein Leben ermöglichen konnte. Also wuchsen die beiden größtenteils in der Mission der Padres auf. Hier lernten sie viel über das Leben, über die Ungerechtigkeiten des Gesetzes und über Gnade, über Verbrechen und übers Überleben. Unglücklich waren sie nie - sie waren stets Bewunderer des großen Zorro. An all diese Dinge aus Alejandros früher Kindheit konnte er sich erinnern. Als er 12 und Joaquín 14 Jahre alt war - Zorro war bereits seit zwei Jahren von der Bildfläche verschwunden - kam eines Tages ein Mann in die Mission. Ein armer Soldat, der anscheinend nicht aus Mexiko kam. In seinem Armen hielt er ein neugeborenes Kind, er eröffnete den beiden Jungen, er hätte dieses Kind mit ihrer Mutter bekommen, ein Mädchen. Die Mutter sei bei der Geburt gestorben. Er schien es nicht zu bedauern. Warum sich der Mann überhaupt vorgestellt hatte war nicht klar. Er lebte in der Stadt, Joaquín und Alejandro beobachteten ihn manchmal in seinem winzigen Haus. Sie erhielten keinerlei Unterstützung von dem Mann. Aber er schien dieses Kind großzuziehen. Langsam wurden die beiden Jungen zu alt, um ohne richtige Arbeit in der Mission zu leben. Aber Arbeit war nicht leicht gefunden, zumindest keine, von der man leben konnte. Sie begannen immer öfter, unauffällig zu stehlen. Diese reichen Mistkerle stahlen es, und Alejandro und Joaquín stahlen es einfach wieder zurück. Als Joaquín 27 war, packte ihn die Wut. Die Wut auf das Gesetz, seine Hüter, die Regierenden, auf seine Mutter, der die beiden immer egal gewesen waren, und auf den Mann. Inzwischen wussten sie, dass er John Duval hieß, arbeitslos war, und vom Schwarzhandel mit Tabak lebte. Joaquín schlug vor, mit ihm abzurechnen, schließlich verdiente man nicht schlecht als Tabakhändler, und dieser Kerl war ihnen was schuldig. Sie brachen also in das Haus ein und durchsuchten es, während Duval abwesend war, nach dem Geld. Sie hatten jedoch nicht mit dem Kind gerechnet, das sie vor mehr als 13 Jahren zum ersten Mal gesehen hatten. Die erste Begegnung von Honey und den beiden verlief schlecht. Joaquín bedrohte sie und fragte sie aus, wer sie sei und was sie hier mache. Als das Mädchen antwortete, sie sei Duvals Tochter und das sei schließlich ihr Haus, geriet er zusehends in Rage. Aber bevor er ihr etwas tun konnte, betrat Duval das Haus. Sehr gealtert, verwirrt und nach Alkohol riechend schrie er die beiden Männer an, sie sollen das Haus verlassen. Das ließen sich die beiden nicht gefallen. Duval wurde gezwungen, ihnen sein Geld zu zeigen. Es war in der Matratze des Bettes versteckt, in dem er schlief. Es war nicht viel, wahrscheinlich gab Duval es immer sofort für Spielerei, Nutten und Whisky aus. Doch dieser Gedanke wurde verworfen, als Honey sich ihnen entgegenstellte und sagte, sie könnten das Geld nicht mitnehmen, es sei für ihre Schule. Ein schlagendes Argument, lachte Joaquín, und wollte gehen. Doch Alejandro war dieses Mädchen sofort sympathisch gewesen. Sie war schließlich ihre Halbschwester, auch wenn sie ihrer gemeinsamen Mutter nicht einmal annäherungsweise ähnelte. Augen, Mund, Nase, die außergewöhnlich helle Haut, die rotblonden Haare... nichts glich der mexikanischen Mutter. Dafür sah sie ihrem Vater sehr ähnlich. \"Lass das Geld hier, Joaquín.\" \"Du spinnst. Das Balg lügt, der Kerl wird's versaufen!\" Alejandro drehte sich zu dem Mann um. \"Bist du ein Säufer?\" \"Nein\", sagten Duval und das Mädchen gleichzeitig. Alejandro erklärte Honey, dass sie Halbgeschwister waren. So angewidert Duval und Joaquín von dieser Tatsache schienen, so begeistert war das Mädchen. Duval unterbrach das Gespräch grob und wieß die Murietas erneut lautstark auf, das Haus zu verlassen, aber Joaquín reichte seine Arroganz. Er verpasste dem Mann mehrere Tritte, bis Honey sich dazwischen stellte und ihm das Geld hinhielt. \"Nehmen Sie es.\" Alejandro bot ihr an mitzukommen, was Joaquín eine Art Schock versetzte. Doch Honey war glücklich, sie schien angetan von der Wahrheit, dass sie Brüder hatte. Bevor Joaquín irgendetwas sagen konnte oder sich fasste, verließen die drei das Haus. Als sie in der Mission ankamen, waren fühlte sich das Mädchen bereits, als würde sie Alejandro schon ewig kennen. Er fragte sie, ob Duval sie schlecht behandelt hatte, doch sie konnte nur verneinen. Er war immer gut zu ihr gewesen, hatte ihr alles in seiner Macht stehende ermöglicht. Doch trotzdem empfand Honey nie Liebe zu ihm. So liebevoll er zu ihr war, so hasserfüllt war er zu anderen. Honey hatte ihn gewalttätig gesehen und war sich sicher, hätte sie einmal wirklich die Stimme gegen seine Geschäfte erhoben, hätte sich auch ihr Verhältnis geändert. Und so blieb sie bei ihnen, besser gesagt bei Alejandro, denn Joaquín ignorierte das Mädchen oder sprach sie zynisch an. Als Honey zu ihrem Vater zurückkehren wollte, fand sie das Haus leer vor. Duval hatte die Stadt verlassen, alles mitgenommen, alles, außer Honey. Er kam nie wieder. Das Mädchen kehrte zur Mission zurück, und blieb schließlich dort, auch noch, als die beiden Murieta sich von den Padres lossagten und Gesetzlose wurden. Alejandro seufzte im Dunkeln. Im Bett mehrere Meter neben ihm atmete Don Diego de la Vega regelmäßig. Honey hatte sich nach dem ersten Jahr, in dem sie \"Freunde\" wurden, immer weiter von ihnen entfernt. Die Murietas mussten ständig ihren Standort wechseln, wurden verfolgt, gefürchtet. Joaquín blieb immer distanziert zu seiner Halbschwester. \"Was ist mit ihm?\", fragte Honey einmal Alejandro. \"Ich habe das Gefühl, er kann mich nicht ausstehen.\" \"Ach was\", log Alejandro, \"Er ist nur ein schwieriger Charakter.\" Aber er wusste genau, dass Joaquín Honey und ihren Vater für den Tod ihrer Mutter verantwortlich machte, und dass er das Mädchen schon aufgrund ihres Aussehens nicht akzeptierte. Und jetzt... was war jetzt? Joaquín war gegangen. Für immer. Er war einer der besten Menschen gewesen, die Alejandro gekannt hatte, trotz seiner Fehler. Alejandro blieb. Jack war gefangen, Honey auch. Und dieser blonde Bastard lebte noch. Aber nicht mehr lange. \"Nehmen Sie ihre Hände weg!\", stieß Honey aus. Erneut konnte Love nur lachen. Er trieb sie wirklich in den Wahnsinn, weil er sie keineswegs ernst nahm. \"Sie tun mir weh!\" Love grinste und sie die Strähne los. \"Das will ich natürlich nicht.\" Er legte sich hin, wendete ihr den Rücken zu und schloss die Augen. Auch Honey rutschte langsam hinunter, bis sie auf dem Rücken lag. Das Bett war sehr bequem, das konnte sie nicht leugnen, und doch hätte sie lieber allein auf dem härtesten Stein gelegen, als mit diesem Mann in diesem Bett. \"Sie tun mir also nichts\", interpretierte Honey Loves Worte von vorhin. Love seufzte. Er wollte endlich seine Ruhe. \"Erstmal nicht.\" \"Aber wäre ich älter...stärker... ein Mann...\" \"Dann wärst du jetzt tot\", erwiderte Love, und der Mond warf helle Strahlen ins Zimmer.[Chapter 8] KAPITEL 7 - Das Verhör \"Guten Morgen, Captain Love!\" Love drehte sich um. Er hatte gerade den sonnenbeschienenen Platz vor der Hacienda verlassen, und diese betreten, als ihm eine Frauenstimme hinterherrief. \"Senorita Elena\", sagte Love lächelnd und neigte sich leicht zur Begrüßung. \"Wie geht es Ihnen? Haben Sie sich schon eingelebt?\" \"Nunja\", die Frau lächelte schelmisch, \"ehrlich gesagt bin ich das Reisen langsam satt. Ich bin froh, dass mein Vater endlich entschieden hat, einen festen Standort zu wählen. Und es ist so schön hier!\" Die Frau war recht jung, vielleicht Anfang zwanzig, hatte ebenmäßige Haut, lange Wimpern und volle, schwarze Haare. Love musste aufpassen, dass er nicht an ihren Lippen hing. \"Es freut mich, dass es Ihnen gefällt.\" \"Ich danke Ihnen. Aber ich will Sie nicht von ihren Aufgaben abhalten. Als Captain ist man schwer beschäftigt, oder?\" Love lächelte. \"Ich will mich nicht beklagen.\" \"Ah - Captain Love!\" Don Rafael Montero betrat die Eingangshalle durch einen Seitenflur. \"Gut, dass ich Sie hier treffe. Ich wollte noch etwas mit ihnen besprechen.\" Er machte eine ausladende Geste. \"In meinem Arbeitszimmer...\" Elena verstand. \"Vater, ich möchte euch nicht abhalten. Geht nur. Einen schönen Tag wünsche ich Ihnen, Captain Love!\" \"Danke, Ihnen auch Senorita!\" Unter Monteros prüfendem Blick sah Love Elena nicht hinterher. \"Captain...\", begann Montero, als er sich mit Love in Bewegung setzte, \"Ich plane ein Bankett. Ich möchte alle Dons dieser Gegend einladen, und wenn es soweit ist, will ich den Wichtigsten etwas von unserem... Projekt mitteilen. Glauben Sie, bis dahin wird es präsentierbar sein?\" \"Ich habe keine Zweifel, Don Montero.\" Love lächelte. Honey wachte auf, obwohl sie es nicht wollte. Jetzt hatte sie es einmal zum Schlafen gebracht. Widerwillig öffnete sie die Augen. Sie wollte gar nicht sehen, wer neben ihr lag. Die Sonne blendete sie. Draußen musste ein herrlicher Tag sein. Aber was nützte ihr das schon. Sie sah zur Seite - die andere Seite des Bettes war leer. Honey richtete sich auf. Was jetzt? Sie stand auf und ging zur Tür. Ihr stockte der Atem - sie war offen. Ganz langsam, fast andächtig ließ Honey sie aufschwingen und sah in den Flur. Träumte sie noch? Einen zweifelnden Blick zurückwerfend ging sie den Flur entlang, bis zu einer Treppe, die hinunter führte. Von unten hörte sie Stimmen. Als sie jede einzelne Stufe vorsichtig heruntergestiegen war, befand sie sich in einem weiteren Flur, der jedoch von einigen Türen unterbrochen wurde. Sie ging weiter. Durch die mit edel verzierten Gitterstäben geschlossenen Fenster sah sie den Kasernenhof. Die erste Tür, auf der den Fenstern gegenüberliegenden Seite, war geschlossen. Die zweite, nur einen Meter entfernte, stand jedoch weit offen, es war vielmehr ein Tor, welches in einen großen Raum führte. Es schien eine Art Lager zu sein - Waffen, Kanonen, Pulverfässer befanden sich aufgestapelt darin. Am Ende des Raumes führte ein Gittertor in eine Art Schlafsaal, mehr konnte Honey jedoch nicht erkennen. Sie ging weiter. Vor der dritten, ebenfalls geöffneten Tür blieb sie stehen. Sie war diesmal auf der Seite der Fenster und führte nach draußen. Honey setzte einen Schritt in die frische Luft, als jemand sie von hinten ansprach. \"Hey! Du darfst hier nicht raus!\" Ein Soldat, den Honey nicht gesehen hatte, stand neben der Tür und hielt allem Anschein nach Wache. Sie sah ihn kurz irritiert an, dann fragte sie: \"Warum nicht?\" \"Anweisung. Geh wieder zurück die Kaserne\", sagte der Soldat steif. Honey runzelte die Stirn und blieb stehen. \"Sie sollen mich hier fest-\" \"Ich soll\", sagte der Soldat gereizt, \"dafür sorgen, dass das kleine, rothaarige Mädchen nicht einfach frei durch die Gegend spaziert und einfach abhaut, und ich soll notfalls Gewalt anwenden. Das ist meine Anweisung. Also geh jetzt zurück in die Kaserne oder ich -\" \"...wende Gewalt an\", ergänzte Honey den Satz. Um Gottes Willen, waren Soldaten simpel. Er nickte. Honey seufzte und ging zurück in den Flur. Sie ging weiter. Es gab noch zwei weitere verschlossene Türen bis zum Ende des Flurs, an dem sich eine Treppe befand, die abwärts führte. Das Mädchen machte kehrt und lief zurück zu der einzigen geöffneten Tür. Sie betrat das Lager. Es roch nach Schießpulver und Metall. Honey fuhr mit der Hand über die Waffen. Laute Stimmen und Schritte waren zu hören. Ein paar Soldaten betraten, sich lautstark unterhaltend, den Raum. Als sie Honey erblickten, musterten sie sie entgeistert und unterbrachen ihr Gespräch. \"Was machst du denn hier?\", fragte einer der Männer. \"Ich- ähm...\", Honey fiel nichts ein, sie war vollkommen erschrocken über die Situation. \"Wer bist du?\" Honey schluckte. \"Die Kleine hat sich wohl verirrt\", sagte ein anderer grinsend. Er ging ein paar Schritte auf sie zu. Die Soldaten lachten. Als er nur noch zwei Schritte von Honey entfernt war, roch sie seinen Schweißgeruch. \"Soll ich dir helfen?\" \"Nein, geht schon\", sagte sie leise. Die Soldaten lachten noch lauter. \"Wie heisst du?\" \"Honey.\" Das schien die Männer besonders zu amüsieren. Sie lachten lauthals. \"Das- ist mein Name.\" Sie sah verstört vom einem zum anderen. Der Mann ganz vorne nickte Honey zu. \"Bist du auch so süß wie Honig, Honey?\" Der Soldat vor ihr kam noch näher auf sie zu. Da kam ein weiterer Soldat durch die Tür, es war derjenige, der Honey vorhin am Rausgehen gehindert hatte. \"Pedro, lass sie in Frieden. Sie gehört zu Love.\" Der Soldat vor Honey richtete sich augenblicklich auf. \"Das wusste ich nicht-\" \"Mach kein Theater\", sagte der Mann in der Tür, \"Sie ist keine Verwandte. Sie ist eine Gefangene.\" Pedro entspannte sich. Er wandte sich Honey zu. \"Eine Gefangene?\", fragte er. \"Er hat sie mit den Murietas geschnappt.\" Jetzt wandten alle Soldaten Honey interessiert und ungläubig ihre Blicke zu. \"Tatsächlich?\" \"Hör zu\", sagte der Mann in der Tür, \"Sie soll in der Kaserne bleiben. Befehl von Love.\" Er nickte den Soldaten zu und verschwand mit diesen Worten wieder aus dem Türrahmen. \"Mit den Murietas geschnappt, soso. Du warst also dabei?\" Honey nickte zaghaft. Nicht an die Szene denken, nicht an die Szene denken. \"Hast gesehen wie er ihm den Kopf abgeschlagen hat? Mit einem Schlag?\" Honeys Magen verkrampfte sich, ihre Lider wurden schwer. Sie nickte. Pedro sah beeindruckt zu den anderen. Was in Honey vorging, schien er nicht zu merken. \"Und hast du ihn schon gesehen?\" \"Was\", wisperte sie. \"Na was er damit gemacht hat...\" Sie sah ihn ängstlich an. Sie wollte es nicht wissen und fragte trotzdem: \"Was denn?\" Die Soldaten lachten. Honey reichte es. Sie ging zaghaft zur Seite, um die Soldaten rum, in Richtung Tür. \"Wo willst du hin?\", fragte einer. Honey antwortete nicht. Sie wirbelte herum und rannte den Flur entlang. Hinter ihr waren Schritte zu hören, aber Honey wusste nicht, wer ihr folgte. Sie rannte die Treppe nach oben, zum Schlafzimmer und schloss keuchend die Tür hinter sich. Keiner folgte ihr in den Raum, das traute sich anscheinend niemand. Honey setzte sich auf den Boden und ließ ihren Tränen freien Lauf. Die Sonne stand hoch am Himmel, auch wenn ihr Schein nicht mehr so intensiv war wie am Vormittag. Selbst bei dieser Helligkeit, bei den Wolken, bei der Ruhe, hielt Honey es nicht aus. Gerade die Stille machte ihr zu schaffen. Sie beschloss, sich erneut raus zu wagen. Die Ruhe wurde von regelmäßigen Knallen unterbrochen, immer im Abstand von vielleicht fünf Minuten. Schoss da jemand? Egal, was konnte ihr im schlimmsten Fall schon passieren... Nunja, da fielen ihr schon einige Dinge ein. Trotzdem öffnete sie die Tür leise, trat aus dem Raum hinaus, lief zur Treppe und diese hinunter. Vielleicht fand sie ja auch etwas zum Essen. Genau, als die Hoffnung in ihren Gedanken auftauchte, kam ihr durch die Tür zum Kasernenhof ein Diener, schwankend unter mehreren bestellten Tabletten entgegen. Er erschrak, als er fast mit Honey zusammenstieß, und geriet aus dem Gleichgewicht. Honey nahm ihm schnell eines ab, damit es nicht zu Boden fiel. \"Oh, es tut mir Leid\", sagte sie. Der Diener sah sie an. Eine Adlige war sie schonmal nicht. \"Mir auch\", er lächelte. \"Ist nicht so einfach...\" \"Ich- Ich kann Ihnen helfen!\", sagte Honey, plötzlich von einer Idee erfasst. Vielleicht kam sie ja so hier raus. Der Diener dachte kurz nach. \"Nun, wenn dir das nichts ausmacht, nur das eine... Es soll in die Übungshalle. Diesen Flur entlang, die vorletzte Tür.\" Honey nickte und trug das mit einer Flasche Whisky und einem Glas beladene Tablett zu der Tür, die sie vorhin schon gesehen hatte. Sie öffnete die Tür vorsichtig, das Tablett mit einer Hand haltend. Der Raum dahinter war eher ein kleiner Saal - großflächig, hell, mit Säulen geschmückt, und trotzdem kasernenhaft wirkend. Zuerst fielen Honey die Podeste auf. Etwa ein dutzend Podeste waren auf der langen Seite der Halle nebeneinander aufgestellt. Auf der Hälfte der Holzklotze befanden sich aus Ton gebildete Tauben. Als Honey mehrere Schritte entlang der Wand in den Raum gegangen war, ertönte ein Schuss. Sie ließ fast das Tablett fallen, umklammerte es aber sofort wieder krampfhaft mit beiden Händen. Vor Überraschung keuchte sie. Hierher waren die Schussgeräusche gekommen. Jemand hatte gerade eine weitere Tontaube mit einer Kugel zerschmettert. Der Mann, die lange Pistole noch in der Hand, trat hinter der Säule hervor, die ihn bis jetzt vor Honey verborgen hatte, perplex durch das Geräusch. Als Honey ihn sah, mit der Waffe in der Hand, musste sie sich zusammenreißen, um nicht vor Wut über ihr ständiges Pech aufzuschreien. Eins, zwei, drei, vier, fünf, sechs saubere Schüsse! Love triumphierte. Im Schießen auf Entfernung konnte ihm keiner so schnell was vormachen. Er legte zum siebten Schuss an - seine Augen fixierte das Ziel, Waffe laden, richten, Abzug und - Schuss! Die siebte Tontaube ging zu Bruch. Ein Keuchen ertönte. Love wand sich um. Honey starrte ihn kurz an, dann drehte sie sich um und lief zwei Schritte zu einem kleinen Tisch am Rand des Raumes, auf dem sie das Tablett abstellte. Ihr Magen vibrierte. Was für ein anderes Gefühl das war, wenn sie vor Love stand. Er hatte noch den Revolver in der Hand, doch Honey ertrug seinen Blick nicht. Sie machte kehrt und verließ so schnell es ging den Raum, auch wenn sie wusste, dass er ihr folgen würde. Als sie in den Flut gestürmt kam und an der Tür des Lagers vorbeikam, packten sie Hände und drückten sie an den Schultern gegen die Wand. \"Wohin denn so eilig?\", fragte ein Mann - aber es war nicht Love. Es war Pedro, der Soldat von vorhin. Er näherte sich ihr. \"Lassen Sie mich los!\" Honey atmete schwer - sah zur Seite. Da kam Love gemächlich angelaufen. Pedro bemerkte ihn nicht. Er begann: \"Und? Hast du schon rausgefunden, was Love -\" \"Lassen Sie sie los\", ertönte Loves Stimme, die so ruhig war wie sein Gang. Der Soldat jedoch zuckte hoch, als hätte Love ihn angebrüllt. Er salutierte stocksteif. \"Sir\", rief er, die Handfläche an der Stirn. \"Wenn Ihnen eine junge Frau sagt, Sie sollen sie loslassen, was tun Sie dann?\", fragte Love. \"Sie loslassen, Sir\", sagte der Soldat. \"Richtig. Abtreten\", nickte Love. Pedro salutierte erneut und ging steif ab, ohne Honey noch eines weiteren Blickes zu würdigen. Love lächelte hinterher, ging los und nahm Honey am Arm, als er an ihr vorbeiging. Noch während sie durch den Flur gingen, meinte Honey leise: \"Sie lassen mich doch auch nicht los.\" \"Aber ich darf mit dir machen was ich will.\" Honey erwiderte nichts. Sie gingen durch das Tor auf den Hof und blieben stehen. Der Soldat, der Wache hielt, stellte sich gerade vor Love auf. \"Bringen Sie sie in mein Büro!\", wies Love ihn an. \"Ja, Sir.\" Bevor Honey irgendwas erwidern konnte, ging Love schnellen Schrittes zurück in den Gang. Der Soldat nahm sie am Arm und führte sie weiter auf den Hof. Da war wieder das Tor, das zum Pueblo führte, aber sie gingen daran vorbei. Es gab noch ein anderes, welches auf einen weitläufigen Platz führte. Auf diesem Platz war eine Taverne, in der sich Soldaten tummelten. Pferde wurden über den Platz geführt. Er mündete in eine prächtige Hacienda, welche sich in L-Form am hinteren Teil erstreckte. Dorthin gingen sie. Je näher sie kamen, desto beeindruckter war Honey. Hier musste jemand leben, dessen Reichtum dem eines König nahe kam. Zäune und Büsche schlossen mit der Hacienda zu einem Rechteck, in dessen Mitte ein wunderschöner Brunnen stand. Honey und der Soldat betraten dieses Feld, auf dem einige Soldaten Wache standen, jedoch nicht über das Tor. Sie gingen daran vorbei. An der Seite der Hacienda gab es einige Türen, Honey wurde direkt durch eine hindurch in die riesige Hacienda hinein geführt. Ein dunkelroter, prächtiger Gang führte nach rechts. An den Wänden war goldener Stuck, marmorne Statuen standen im Flur, welcher in etliche andere Flure mündete. Der Soldat führte Honey immer weiter geradeaus. Der Flur führte direkt in einen Raum hinein. Dieser war erneut geteilt - man betrat ihn durch den Flur, und dann durch eine Art Eisentür, welche einen kleinen Teil des Raumes mit einem hohen Eisenzaun abtrennte. Der Zaun sowie die Tür mündeten am Ende in scharfe Eisenspitzen. Gesichert war dieses Büro also. Durch die Gitterstäbe sah man in den mittelgroßen Raum: Direkt in der Mitte stand ein prächtiger Schreibtisch, davor wie dahinter je zwei fellbezogene Stühle, und darauf Federn, Bücher und Papier. An den Wänden hingen Pistolen, Gewehre, Degen sowie ein riesiges Bärenfell. Außerdem befanden sich mehrere kleine Regale und ein Schrank aus Ebenholz in dem Raum. Der Mann und Honey warteten nicht lange vor der verschlossenen Tür - Schritte ertönten. Love bog um die Ecke und trat in den Raum, ohne Honey anzusehen. Er schloss die Gittertür auf, ging in das Büro und nahm hinter dem Schreibtisch Platz - er ließ sich eher erschöpft fallen, nahm einen auf dem Schreibtisch stehenden, goldenen Becher und tauchte ihn in etwas unter dem Schreibtisch, was man nicht sehen konnte. Er nippte daran. Honey stand unsicher da, bis Love sagte: \"Nimm Platz.\" Honey zog die Brauen zusammen und ging zögerlich zu dem Stuhl. Sie saß mit dem Rücken zu den Gitterstäben. \"Ziehen Sie die Tür zu\", befahl Love dem Soldaten. Dieser zog die Tür von außen zu, salutierte, verließ den Raum und machte auch die Eingangstür zu. Jetzt saß Honey mit Love gefangen in seinem Büro. Immerhin, zwei Schritte neben ihr war ein schönes Fenster, welches jedoch ein Stockwerk nach unten führte... Love nippte an seinem Getränk und sah Honey an. Er verschränkte die Hände und setzte sich bequem hin. Unwillkürlich fragte er: \"Was meinte er vorhin? Was hast du schon herausgefunden?\" Honey blickte Love starr ins Gesicht. Schlimmer konnte die Situation nicht kommen. Ihr Blick fiel zu Boden. \"Er wollte wissen... ob ich... Ob ich weiß... Ob ich weiß was-\" Love runzelte die Stirn. Honey blickte ihn erneut an. \"Es ist nicht leicht zu reden...darüber\", sagte sie stockend. Sofort war sie erschrocken über sich selbst, sie war ehrlicher als sie es wollte. Ihre Augen begannen zu glitzern. \"Worüber?\", hackte Love nach. Es schien, als würde sie nach Worten für etwas unbeschreibliches suchen. \"Er wollte wissen, ob ich weiß, was sie mit Joaquíns Kopf gemacht haben\", kam es in einem Satz aus ihr heraus. Loves kalte Miene wandelte sich binnen Sekunden, er begann laut zu lachen. Es hatte sie mit so großer Angst erfüllt, ihm das zu sagen, weil sie das Gefühl hatte, wenn sie es vor ihm Aussprach, würde er es erneut tun. Vielleicht diesmal mit ihr... Es war, als würde sie ihn auf die Idee bringen. Honey wusste, dass das nur Einbildung war, Loves Reaktion bewies es. Und doch zitterte sie am ganzen Leib. \"Und?\", fragte Love, immer noch lachend, \"Weißt du es?\" Über die eigentliche Frage, das eigentliche Thema dachte Honey nicht nach, sie dachte nur an Love. Keine Angst. Er hat gesagt er tut nichts. \"Nein.\" Love beruhigte sich langsam wieder vom Lachen. Es schien, als würde er sich gerade nach einem anstrengen Arbeitstag köstlich amüsieren. So war es schließlich auch. Er nahm noch einen Schluck. Er würde der Kleinen auch nicht sagen was er mit dem Kopf gemacht hatte. \"Interessiert es dich denn?\" Interessierte es sie? Honey wollte sich darüber keine Gedanken machen. \"Nein\", sagte sie leise. \"Sehr weise\", sagte Love, doch Honey war noch nicht fertig, Wut unterdrückend sagte sie sofort: \"Sie haben einen Humor, der an Unmenschlichkeit schwer zu überbieten ist.\" Love runzelte lächelnd die Stirn. \"Du hälst dich wacker. Ich schätze mal dein Bruder hätte bereits Selbstmord begangen.\" \"Er war zehnmal soviel wert wie sie.\" Love schüttelte ungehalten den Kopf. \"Mädchen, Mädchen, Mädchen, du machst es mir nicht leicht. Da hab ich endlich einen Verbrecher, der mir die Stirn bietet, und da ist es ein kleines Mädchen, das ich dafür nicht angemessen bestrafen kann.\" Honey verengte die Augen. \"Angemessen...\", meinte sie leise. \"Genau. Dich zu foltern wäre eine blutige Angelegenheit mit viel Geheule deinerseits, das hab ich ja jetzt schon satt. Und zu einem Duell kann ich dich auch nicht fordern.\" \"Können Sie\", sagte Honey hasserfüllt. Love lachte. \"Ich schlage mich nicht mit Frauen.\" \"Ich bin noch keine Frau.\" \"Ja...\", sagte Love nachdenklich und musterte Honey, \"Zu deinem Glück.\" Sie verstand nicht, was er damit sagen wollte, hatte aber das Gefühl, es sei nichts Gutes. \"Sie schlagen sich nicht mit Frauen\", kehrte Honey schnell zum anderen Thema zurück, \"Aber sie schlagen Frauen.\" Honey wollte irgendwas sagen, dass Love auf andere Gedanken brachte. Kaum war es raus, bereute sie es aber schon wieder. Diesen Satz konnte man als frech ansehen, oder? Love wurde jedoch nicht ernst. Schmunzelnd sah er auf ihre Schramme und sagte: \"Da hast du wohl ein falsches Bild von mir.\" Honey schwieg und erwiderte seinen Blick, ihn fragend ansehend. \"Du hast dich nicht benommen, und meine Aufgabe als Soldat ist es, Leute, die sich nicht benehmen, dafür zu bestrafen. In der Regel sind das Männer, mit den Frauen befasse ich mich nicht. Bei dir ist das anders. Mit dir befasse ich mich, also musst du mit strafen rechnen.\" \"Und warum befassen Sie sich mit mir?\", fragte Honey herausfordernd. Diese Frage stellte sich Love selbst auch. Warum vergaß er, was der eigentliche Grund war, aus dem er sie in sein Büro bestellt hatte? Love ging auf ihre Frage ein. Er musste jetzt zur Befragung überleiten: Er nahm das Glas erneut zur Hand, lehnte sich zurück und fragte in einem interessierten Tonfall: \"Haben dich deine Eltern oft übers Knie gelegt?\" \"Meine Eltern\", sagte Honey scharf, \"hatten andere Sorgen.\" Love sagte wissend lächelnd: \"Mutter Hure, Vater unbekannt oder Säufer.\" \"Ja\", sagte Honey, und dann gespielt interessiert, \"Woher wissen Sie das, war das bei Ihnen auch so?\" Love sah sie kurz mit schwindendem Lächeln und kalten Augen an, dann meinte er: \"Das wären fünf Peitschenhiebe. Dein blasser Rücken wäre dahin.\" Interessant für ihn war es, dass dem Mädchen diese Worte Angst zu machen schienen. Sie hielt sich tatsächlich gut, aber ab und zu wurde deutlich, dass ihre freche Art nur Fassade war. \"Wo wir gerade beim Thema blass sind - erzähl mir mehr über deine Herkunft. Von hier kommst du nicht, oder?\" Honey schien zwar eingeschüchtert, doch sie blickte ihn nicht an und sagte ernst: \"Love, was wollen Sie von mir?\" 'Na fein, da hat sie', dachte Love, 'galant mit traurigem Blick vom Thema abgelenkt.' \"Haben Sie nichts besseres zu tun als sich meine Biografie anzuhören?\" \"Ich befasse mich mit dir\", ging Love, jetzt ernst und autoritär, auf ihre Frage von vorhin ein, \"weil ich Informationen von dir will.\" Dieses Mädchen schien eine starke Hand zu brauchen. Love setzte sich gerade hin. \"Du hast Recht, ich habe wesentlich besseres zu tun - also verschwende meine Zeit nicht.\" \"Gut\", sagte Honey laut, \"Ich habe Ihnen nichts zu sagen, wir sind fertig.\" Love stand abrupt auf und stellte das Glas auf dem Tisch ab, so dass etwas vom Inhalt überschwappte. Honey sah böse zu ihm auf und versuchte, sich ihre Angst nicht anmerken zu lassen. Wenn sie es so wollte, konnte sie es so haben. Love nahm seinen Stuhl und zog ihn in einer Bewegung um den Schreibtisch herum. Dann griff er unter den Sitz von Honeys Stuhl und drehte ihn, ohne das Mädchen zu beachten, zur Seite, so dass sich die beiden Stühle auf der selben Schreibtischseite gegenüber standen. Als Love sich setzte, saßen die beiden so nah zusammen, dass Ihre Knie sich berührten. Als Honey herumgerissen wurde, sah sie Love mit großen Augen, und als er ihr nun gegenüber saß, sah er befriedigt, dass sie angsterfüllt auf irgendeine Stelle seines Körpers starrte. Sie schaffte es anscheinend nicht, ihn direkt anzusehen. Love griff hinter sich, und zog das Messer aus dem Halfter, das an der Rückenseite seines Waffengürtels befestigt war und legte es auf den Tisch. Honey schluckte und sah das Messer auf dem Tisch an. Endlich schien sie Love den gebührenden Respekt entgegen zu bringen. Er nahm ihr Kinn und hob den Kopf leicht, so dass Honey ihn ansah. Ihr Kinn lag immer noch auf Mittel- und Zeigefinger, als Love begann, mit dem Daumen ihre Wange zu streicheln. Kurz huschte ihr Blick herunter zur Hand, dann blickte sie wieder in sein bärtiges Gesicht. Unpassend fiel Honey auf, dass der Bart ihn etwas älter wirken ließ, als er war. Eigentlich hatte er das Gesicht eines jungen Erwachsenen. Er legte den Kopf schief. \"Ein hübsches kleines Mädel treibt sich nicht einfach so mit Banditen herum. Was war da los?\", seine Stimme war sanft, doch Honey ließ sich keineswegs beirren. Ganz langsam hob sie die Hand, und es trieb ihr einen Schauer über den Rücken, Loves Handgelenk zu nehmen und von ihrem Gesicht wegzuschieben. Love jedoch drehte die Hand und umfasste nun Honeys Handgelenk. Honey sah irritiert dorthin, während Love sie die ganze Zeit fixierte. \"Ähm...\", sagte sie plump, mit gerunzelter Stirn und ohne aufzublicken, \"Ich... war eigentlich nie bei ihnen. Das war Zufall, .. an dem Tag.\" Sie redete so abwesend, als würde sie zwei Dinge gleichzeitig koordinieren. Erst nach und nach fiel ihr auf, dass Love den Griff um ihr Gelenk verstärkte. \"Normalerweise hatten wir nichts miteinander zu tun, nur manchmal - au!\" Love griff so fest zu, als wolle er den Knochen zerbrechen. \"Beschränk dich auf Dinge, die mich interessieren\", sagte Love drohend. Honey hatte das Bedürfnis, das Messer, welches auf dem Tisch lag, zu nehmen, und es Love irgendwo hinein zu rammen, doch stattdessen sagte sie: \"Von den Dingen, die sie gestohlen haben, weiß ich nichts, sie...\", Honey stöhnte auf und versuchte, ihr Gelenk loszureißen, vergebens. Love sah sie gelangweilt an, man sah ihm nicht an, dass er gerade unbändige Kraft anwand. \"Wie-\", Honey schloss kurz die Augen vor Schmerz, \"Wie soll ich Ihnen denn sagen, wo er ist, wenn ich selbst seit Tagen hier festsitze?\" \"Lass dir was einfallen...\", sagte Love und sah dann mit schiefgelegtem Kopf auf Honeys zitterndes, von seiner eigenen Hand umfasste Handgelenkt an, als wäre es etwas interessantes. \"Ich dachte das ist Ihr Job!\", stieß sie aus, dann beugte sie sich stöhnend vor und schrie: \"Gleich ist es gebrochen! Nicht - brechen... Bitte brechen - Sie - es nicht!\" Love hob den Kopf. \"Nicht wenn redest.\" \"San Francisco!\", stieß Honey aus. \"Da- wollten sie als nächstes -h-in.\" Love ließ locker, Honey stöhnte auf und und atmete schwer. Sie rieb ihr Gelenk, das schneeweiß war und wie zerknittert aussah. Captain Love nahm das Messer in die Hand und drehte es, sodass es das durch das Fenster einfallende Licht reflektierte. Honey fiel erst nach kurzer Zeit auf, dass er eine Waffe in der Hand hielt, sie war zu sehr mit ihrem Gelenk beschäftigt. Als ihr Blick eher zufällig auf seine Hand mit dem großen Messer fiel, hielt sie inne und rieb dann wieder, ohne Love ins Gesicht zu sehen, ihren Arm. \"Hast du Angst?\", fragte Love und besah das Messer. Honey warf wieder einen Blick auf seine Hand. Sie holte Luft, doch dann kam ein einfaches \"Ja.\" Love nickte langsam. Dann stand er auf, das Messer immer noch in der Hand und ging gemächlich um den Tisch herum. Er behielt das Messer in der Hand, mit der anderen jedoch nahm er den Becher und tauchte ihn in etwas hinter dem Schreibtisch, das Honey nicht sehen konnte. \"Das solltest du auch. Ich bin es gewohnt, dass man mir Lügen erzählt, um Schmerzen zu entgehen.\" Honey schwieg und sah auf ihre Knie. Das hätte sie wohl wissen müssen. Love sah aufmerksam auf Honey hinunter. \"Doch sie wissen nicht dass ihnen das nur noch mehr Schmerzen bringt\", sagte Love, und nahm einen Schluck von dem Getränk, über das Honey nicht wissen konnte, dass es Mescal war, welcher in ein Gefäß, nur einen Meter von ihr entfernt, gefüllt war. In ein Gefäß in welchem sich der Kopf ihres Bruders befand.[Chapter 9] KAPITEL 8 - Foltermethoden Was sind schon Schmerzen. Was sind schon körperliche Schmerzen. Wenn einem ein Stück aus der Seele gerissen wird, ist es egal, wo man blutet, könnte man meinen. Wenn man einen geliebten Menschen sterben sieht, ist man taub, könnte man glauben. Aber das Leben geht weiter. Es herrschte rigoroser Trubel in der Bar, aber Love hatte nur Augen für die Frau mit den schwarzen Haaren. Aus irgendeinem Grund zog sie seine Aufmerksamkeit auf sich, seit er den Raum betreten hatte. Die Bar war überfüllt, zumindest in dem für jeden zugänglichen Bereich. Tische, Stühle, Hocker und Regale standen nah beieinander, darauf saßen Männer, die sich lauthals unterhielten, brüllend Karten spielten, lachten, tranken, eine der dort arbeitenden Frauen auf dem Schoß hatten oder alles auf einmal taten. Zu all diesem Tumult spielte irgendwo ein Pianist, der gequetscht zwischen den Kunden der Bar kaum zusammenpassende Töne auf der Tastatur fand. Wenn auch etwas gewöhnungsbedürftig, so war dies eben ein richtiger Saloon. Hinter der Bar stand ein korpulenter Mann, welcher den spärlich und anzüglich gekleideten Frauen, welche Gläser füllten und abwuschen, Anweisungen zurief. Ein Türbogen neben der Bar führte in einen kleineren Nebenraum, in dem sich nur drei Runde Tische fanden, an denen jeweils drei oder vier Männer saßen. Dieser Raum war nicht nur geschmackvoller eingerichtet, hier waren auch nirgendwo die Nebenschwaden der Raucher des Nebenraumes verbreitet, keiner schrie oder taumelte besoffen umher. Love war solche Räume gewohnt, seit er im Krieg gedient hatte, in Bars sowie Bordellen gab es stets Offiziersräume, die ihm den Aufenthalt angenehmer machten und verhinderten, dass er sich mit wildgewordenen Soldaten, Kartenspielern und anderem Gesindel herumschlagen musste. Hier war es zwar kein Raum für Offiziere, denn Love war der einzige Soldat, der an einem der noblen Holztische saß, aber doch ein Zimmer für die gehobene Gesellschaft, zumindest eines für diejenigen, bei denen der Wirt nicht den Ruf der Bar verderben wollte. Eine weitere, kleine Tür am hinteren Ende des Raumes, neben der auch ein jedoch unbesetztes Klavier stand, führte, wie Love wusste, in die zweite Etage. Dort waren kleine Räume mit Betten und anderen Einrichtungsstücken, welche sowohl für die Übernachtung als auch für andere Dinge nutzen konnte. Auch diese Räumlichkeiten wurden von der anderen Hälfte der zweiten Etage abgegrenzt, denn auch wenn die Bar hier als Bordell funktionierte wollte man die Ansprüche höherer Gäste erfüllen. Love jedoch war nicht gekommen um sich zu vergnügen, zumindest nicht auf diese Weise. Er war hier vielleicht zwei-, dreimal gewesen, hatte jedes Mal eine andere gehabt, aber zeitlich gesehen entschied er sich, sich mehr auf die Arbeit zu konzentrieren. \"Wie alt ist sie, zwanzig, einundzwanzig?\", fragte der Mann, der neben Love saß, als er gerade genüsslich einen Schluck Tequila nahm. Love hatte eigentlich keine Lust die Frage zu beantworten, er ärgerte sich schon jetzt, dass er das Mädchen überhaupt erwähnt hatte. Im Moment schien sich viel zu vieles um sie zu drehen. Ohne den Blick von der Frau zu lassen sagte er: \"Jünger, viel jünger.\" Der Mann, welcher groß war und dunkle Haare hatte, lächelte Love zu. Er hatte ein bloßes, aber edles Hemd und eine teure dunkle Hose an und nippte ebenfalls an seinem Getränk. \"So jung?\", er grinste. Loves Augen kamen von der Frau ab und er sah das Grinsen des Mannes. \"So jung\", sagte er und seufzte in sich hinein. \"Was für ein Jammer\", meinte der Mann. Love blickte ihn kurz genervt an und blickte dann wieder zur Frau. Der Mann sah es und meinte, schief lächelnd: \"... Denn du scheinst es nötig zu haben.\" Love zog die Brauen hoch, nahm noch einen Schluck und sagte dann: \"Ich habe keine Zeit.\" Der Mann nickte. \"Don Montero beansprucht dich ganz schön, was?\" \"Ich stehe voll und ganz in seinem Dienst.\" \"Wurde auch Zeit, vom Verbrecher jagen kann man nicht leben. Wie viel hast du für Murieta bekommen? Hundert?\" \"Zweihundert\", sagte Love und lächelte jetzt erstmals. Der Mann schüttelte belustigt den Kopf und sagte: \"Eine Schande.\" Love zuckte die Schultern. \"Wir wollen doch nicht, dass sie sich etwas auf sich einbilden.\" Loves Gesprächspartner runzelte die Stirn. \"Wenn du jedem von ihnen eine Sonderbehandlung zukommen lässt...\" \"Sonderbehandlung?\", fragte Love und sah den Mann irritiert an, welcher nur die Schultern zuckte. \"Wo schlief sie heute Nacht doch gleich?\" \"Das heisst noch lange nicht, dass ich jedem eine Sonderbehandlung zukommen lasse.\" \"Aber einer dreckigen Diebesgöre.\" Love nickte lächelnd und nahm einen großen Schluck. \"Aber einer dreckigen Diebesgöre.\" Eine kurze Pause trat ein. Die Frau verließ mit einem Tablett den Raum. Love setzte sich bequemer hin. Der Mann, mit dem sich Love unterhielt hieß Fernando Sullyvan und war drei Jahre älter als Love. Der aus Texas stammende Söldner hatte sich Nahe Los Angeles von ein kleines Gut gekauft, wo er nun lebte. Im Gegensatz zu Loves Eltern waren die Sullyvans reiche Aristokraten, weswegen ihr Fernando seinen Beruf eher als Langeweile als aus Arbeitswille angenommen hatte. Er war relativ schnell ausgestiegen, hatte aber vorher Love in Marokko kennengelernt. In Los Angeles trafen sie sich schließlich wieder, und von dort an gelegentlich in einer Bar. Sullyvan war verwöhnt und neigte zur Arroganz, aber vielleicht regte gerade das und Sullyvans Undiszipliniertheit Love zu weiteren Treffen an. Loves Beruf war für ihn zur Leidenschaft geworden, was bei seinem Gegenüber nur schwer hätte passieren können. Es war nun mal nicht jeder für die Arbeit gemacht. Love stellte sein leeres Glas auf den Tisch. In dem Moment, als die Frau mit den schwarzen Haaren den Raum erneut betrat, rief Sullyvan sie zum Tisch. \"Nachschub für meinen Freund.\" Love schüttelte den Kopf und hob dankend die Hand. \"Das reicht.\" \"Harrison, hab dich nicht so, du hast keinen Dienst.\" Love lächelte. Sullyvan seufzte. Dann sah er zu der in die Hüfte gelehnten Frau und fragte gespielt leise: \"Können Sie ihm irgendwie anders Freuden bereiten?\" Love verdrehte die Augen. Die Frau kam, nicht ohne ihr Unterteil zu schwenken, zu Love und setzte sich auf die Lehne seines Stuhls. \"Kommt drauf an...\", sagte sie. Sie fuhr mit der Hand seitlich Loves uniformierte Brust hinunter, bis sie gegen seinen Colt stieß. \"Ist der echt?\", fragte sie lächelnd. \"Alles echt\", flüsterte Sullyvan grinsend an Loves Stelle. \"Ich mag gefährliche Männer...\", sagte die Frau mit betörender Stimme. In diesem Moment betrat ein Soldat den Raum, salutierte vor Love und sah leicht beschämt aus. \"Sir. Entschuldigen Sie die Störung vielmals, aber wir haben...\" \"Er kann nicht!\", unterbrach Sullyvan. \"Fahren Sie fort\", befahl Love etwas zu kalt. \"Captain, wir haben gerade Nachricht aus San Francisco erhalten. Mit allen Informationen, die Sie angefordert hatten.\" \"Und?\" \"Nichts auffälliges, zwei Überfälle, eine Vergewaltigung, aber die meisten Delikte der vergangenen Monate sind aufgeklärt.\" \"Und warum stören sie mich dann?\" \"Sir, Sie haben vorletzte Nacht einen Mann festgenommen, im Wald. Er behauptet, etwas über die Murietas zu wissen.\" Love zog die Brauen hoch. \"Tatsächlich?\", fragte er nur wenig überzeugt. Er sah kurz zu Boden und dachte nach. Dann stand er auf und ging näher an den Soldaten heran, damit nicht alle von ihrem Gespräch gestört werden mussten. Die Frau näherte sich derweil Sullyvan. \"Nun, wissen Sie...\", der Soldat sprach leiser und etwas verunsichert, \"Wir haben Ihn aufgrund seiner Verletzungen in der Zelle behalten, für die letzte Nacht. Das Mädchen, welches Sie heute wieder dorthin befohlen haben, hat sich wohl mehrfach mit ihm unterhalten, über die Murietas, deren Pläne, Wünsche, wenngleich auf eher... streithafter Ebene.\" Interessant. Das war sicher ein spannendes Schauspiel. \"Ich komme mit Ihnen\", sagte Love knapp. \"Sullyvan!\", meinte er und drehte sich lächelnd um. Die Frau saß lasziv auf dessen Schoß. \"Die Arbeit ruft.\" Zum Abschied nickten sich die Männer zu und Love verließ den Raum. Honeys Hände schmerzten zwar von den Fesseln, aber sie war glücklich, dass sie nicht so wie der Mann, welcher sich außer ihr in der Zelle befand, zugerichtet war. Über seinen Schultern lag ein zylinderförmiger, langer Holzbalken, der schon beim Ansehen so schwer schien, dass Honey unbehaglich ihren Rücken dehnte. Die Arme des Mannes waren hinter den Balken gehoben und seine Hände nach vorn zeigend darauf abgelegt und angebunden worden, sodass er an daran festgemacht war. Honey würde Mitleid mit dem Mann empfinden, hätte er sie nicht im Laufe des Tages schon beschimpft, beleidigt und im Rahmen seiner Möglichkeiten verbal bedroht. Zwar war sie froh, dass der Soldat, welcher sozusagen den ganzen Tag die \"Aufsicht\" hatte, zurückkehrte, aber als sie sah, wen er bei sich hatte, verflog ihre Erleichterung. Diesen Mann hatte sie heute eigentlich nicht mehr sehen wollen. Das Mädchen saß am Boden, an die Wand gelehnt. Der Bandit kniete ächzend mitten im Raum, den Balken über der Schulter. Er drehte sich um. \"Ah\", sagte er mit rauer Stimme, \"hoher Besuch.\" Love ignorierte die Bemerkung und sah ihn verächtlich an. Er blieb vor den Gitterstäben stehen.\"Was gibt uns die Ehre?\" \"Deine Äußerungen bezüglich Alejandro Murieta.\" Honey richtete sich auf. \"Meine Äußerungen?\", der Mann zeigte seine gelben Zähne, \"Sie sollten das Miststück da mal fragen.\" Love sah zu ihr. \"Miststück?\" Honey murmelte etwas von \"zutiefst getroffen\" und verdrehte die Augen. Der Bandit fuhr fort. \"Die hat mir ihr Herz ausgeschüttet.\" \"Hat sie?\", Love sah Honey belustigt an. Sie sah nur verächtlich auf den Banditen. \"Habe ich?\" \"Den Schlüssel\", befahl Love leise. Nachdem er ihn ausgehändigt bekommen hatte schloß er die Tür auf und stieg über Honey Beine zum Banditen. Honey zog die Beine sofort an und sah zu Love auf. Er legte die Hand mit einem klatschenden Geräsch auf den Balken und zog ihn hoch, sodass der Mann aufrecht stand. Dann lehnte er lehnte sich dagegen und der Bandit schwankte leicht. Love sah dem Mann kalt ins Gesicht. \"Du solltest keine Lügen erzählen.\" Der Mann grinste breit. \"Lügen? Das mit San Francisco war gelogen, so viel ist sicher.\" Honey schluckte. Love wand den Kopf zu ihr. Als er ihr angsterfülltes Gesicht sah, wusste er, dass es stimmte. Ihre Beine bebten. \"Machen Sie mich los, zu dritt macht es mehr Spaß!\", sagte der Bandit laut. Love drehte sich wieder ihm zu. Er schob den Balken nach hinten, bis er gegen die Wand stieß. Die Hände des Mannes waren nun zwischen Wand und Holzbalken eingeklemmt. Love näherte sein Gesicht dem des Mannes, bis sie sich genau in die Augen sahen. Honey sah mit gerunzelter Stirn und angsterfüllten Augen die beiden Männer an. Love wirkte nun so gefährlich. Wie hatte sie das gestern vergessen können? Wie hatte sie so nah bei ihm liegen können? Ihn hier in voller Montage zu sehen, während er einen Banditen einschüchterte, der sogar noch muskulöser war als Love selber, ließ in Honey dieselbe Angst auflodern, die sie auch schon bei ihrem allerersten Treffen mit ihm gespürt hatte. Ganz gemächlich sagte Love: \"Da das Mädchen mit mir nicht kooperieren will, musst du es wohl.\" Der dreckige Mann sagte, nicht ohne Hohn: \"Bevor ich dir was sage, du Drecksack, schneide ich mir erstmal jeden Finger einzeln ab.\" Love verengte die Augen: \"Das ließe sich einrichten.\" Mit großen Augen beobachtete Honey, wie er von dem Balken abließ und den Soldaten mit einem Wink in die Zelle befahl. Der Soldat zog sein Messer und setzte es auf den rechten, äußersten Finger, welcher auf dem Balken lag. \"Wegen dem, was du gesagt hast, wurde mir mein Abend verdorben, deswegen will ich, dass du es noch mal wiederholst. Also?\", fragte Love. \"Wieso? Waren Sie gerade dabei, eine Hure zu vögeln?\" Love nickte dem Soldaten zu. Das Messer drückte sich in den Finger. Der Mann schrie und Honey sah schnell zu Boden. Dem Finger war bis jetzt jedoch nur ein tiefer Schnitt verpasst worden. \"Mmh... Die muss aber ganz schön große... - \" \"Los\", unterbrach Love ihn ungeduldig und der Soldat holte mit dem Messer in Richtung Finger aus, als Honey sich bewegte. \"Nein!\", rief sie und versuchte, aufzustehen, was mit den gefesselten Händen nicht leicht war. \"Er hat nur gesagt, dass er Alejandro am Strand gesehen habe!\" Love starrte sie an. \"Hier... am Strand?\" Honey kam wackelig auf die Beine. Sie nickte stirnrunzelnd, als hätte sie ein schlechtes Gewissen. \"Warum erzählst du mir das?\", fragte Love und legte den Kopf schief. \"Weil es stimmt und weil es unbedeutend ist.\" \"Nein\", Love schüttelte den Kopf. \"Was liegt Ihnen so an Murieta, der ist doch auch nur ein dreckiger Dieb!\", rief der Bandit von der Seite. Love ignorierte ihn, Honey jedoch blickte ihn an. Als Love langsam zwei Schritte auf sie zuging, wich sie zurück. \"Du wirst schon für die eine Lüge bestraft werden, die du mir aufgetischt hast, riskiere nicht noch eine Zweite.\" Seltsamerweise sagte er das ohne jegliche Bedrohung. \"Ich denke sie wäre ein annehmbarer Ersatz für die Hure!\", kam es von dem Gefesselten. Love hielt in seiner Bewegung zu Honey inne und schloss kurz die Augen. \"Du gehst mir ganz schön auf die Nerven\", er wandte sich dem Mann zu, mit nur einem Schritt war er bei ihm. Im nächsten Moment kniete der Bandit, den Balken unsicher auf den Schultern balancierend und stöhnend. Love hatte ihm einen Faustschlag in die Magengrube verpasst. Er sah, fast gelangweilt, auf ihn hinab, zog ihn am Kragen hoch und presste ihn gegen die Wand. Honey wollte zu den beiden taumeln, doch der Soldat murmelte \"Du bleibt schön dort\", trat hinter sie, zog ihren Kopf an den Haaren nach hinten und legte ihr das Messer an den Hals. Sie keuchte. \"Ich bin der einzige, der sie Hure nennen darf, ja?\", sagte Love kalt zu dem Dieb und gab ihm eine demütigende Ohrfeige. Dann drehte er sich um und lächelte, als er sah, in welcher Lage sich Honey befand. \"Nehmen Sie das Messer weg, sie hat nichts getan.\" \"Ja, Sir\", sagte der Soldat und folgte dem Befehl. \"Nehmen Sie ihr die Fesseln ab, lassen Sie sich waschen und bringen Sie sie dann in die Vorratskammer der Garnison. Sie soll Abendessen machen.\" Der Soldat stutzte. Das hörte sich etwas nach der Arbeit eines Kindermädchens an. Honey sah ihn vollkommen durcheinander an, doch Love lächelte nur. Der Soldat nahm Honey am Arm. \"Ja, Sir.\" Er salutierte mit der freien Hand und führte Honey aus der Zelle. Das Mädchen sah unentwegt Love an, absolut verwirrt. Love lächelte ihr noch einen kurzen Augenblick kalt hinterher, dann wandte er sich mit einer so bedrohlichen Miene dem Banditen zu, dass man meinen konnte, sein berechnendes Lächeln sei nur aufgesetzt gewesen. Auf den letzten Stufen der Treppe drehte sich Honey noch kurz zur Zelle um, in dem Moment, als Love den Banditen erneut um die Kehle fasste. Dann sah sie ihn nicht mehr. Während sie den Honey nun schon bekannten Flur entlangliefen, band der Soldat ihre Fesseln los. Schließlich hielt er vor der Tür an, die bei Honeys erstem Gang durch den Flur verschlossen gewesen war, und öffnete sie. Dahinter war ein eher kleiner Raum, in dem sich eine recht alte, rundliche Frau befand. Sie saß an einem plumpen Holztisch, der mitten im Raum stand, und schälte leicht dreckige Kartoffeln. Die Schalen fielen vor ihr in einen Eimer. Bei diesem Raum handelte es sich wohl um eine Küche. An den Wänden des Raumes waren Regale, in welchen Töpfe, Gläser, Kübel, Eimer, Flaschen und Krüge standen. Es gab kleine Schränke mit Schubladen und eine Feuerstelle. Der Raum wurde von dem Raum dahinter beleuchtet, den man ohne durch eine Tür zu gehen betreten konnte, da der Türrahmen leer war. Am Ende des zweiten Raumes, welcher mit Gemüse, Obst, Getreidesäcken und gefüllten Kübeln gefüllt war, war ein großes Fenster, von dem aus man ins Pueblo sehen konnte, zumindest auf einen mittelgroßen Platz, welcher zur Kirche führte. Auch wenn die Sonne bereits unterzugehen begann war es noch recht hell. Der Soldat schob Honey vor sich in den Raum hinein. Die Alte sah auf. \"Das Mädchen soll hier helfen\", sagte er knapp. \"Hier gibt es nichts zu helfen\", sagte die Frau mit leicht rauer Stimme. Der Soldat zuckte die Schultern. \"Befehl von Love. Sie soll Abendessen für ihn - \" Die Alte unterbrach ihn. \"Ich dachte Love sei heute abend außer Haus!\" Der Uniformierte zuckte nur erneut die Schultern. Die Frau musterte jetzt erstmals Honey. \"Na gut...\", sagte sie langsam, \"dann komm mal rein.\" Der Soldat versetzte Honey einen kleinen Schubs, dann verließ er die Küche und schloss die Tür hinter sich. Honey stand unsicher im Raum. Sie war so verwirrt, dass sie keinen Gedanken fassen konnte. Von einer Situation, die ihr so gefährlich erschienen war wie das laufen auf lodernden Flammen, wurde sie ohne Warnung in eine Garnisonsküche katapultiert. \"Komm, komm\", sagte die Frau und machte mit ihren von den Kartoffeln aufgeweichten Händen einige Bewegungen. Honey ging zum Tisch und setzte sich. \"Die spinnen doch alle...\", murmelte die Frau, \"alle Spinner. Jetzt darf ich für den werten Herr doch noch Abendessen machen.\" Honey sah zu den Kartoffeln. Ohne richtig zu wissen, was sie redete, sagte sie: \"Machen Sie doch einfach mehr davon.\" Die Alte sah Honey kurz an, dann lachte sie und zeigte dabei ihre teils silbernen Zähne und Zahnlücken. \"Das ist für die Katz. Das müssen die Soldaten essen. Wenn ich das Love serviere...\", sie lachte erneut herzhaft. \"Du hast eine feinen Humor, mein Mädchen. Wie heisst du?\" \"Honey.\" \"Ein hübscher Name für ein hübsches Mädchen.\" Honey lächelte, obwohl ihr nicht nach lachen zumute war. \"Hat unser Hauptmann denn auch gesagt was er zu essen wünscht?\" Honey schüttelte den Kopf. \"Ich glaube nicht.\" Die Frau zuckte die Schultern. \"Dann gibt es Braten. Wenn du dich nützlich machen willst, kannst du Gemüse schneiden.\" Das Mädchen nickte leicht. Okay. Gemüse schneiden. \"Geh doch rasch nach nebenan, da findest du Lauch, Salat und Paprika.\" Honey stand etwas steif auf und ging in den Nebenraum. Das Gemüse war ebenso wie das Obst in Holzkisten gestapelt. Honey wollte gerade nach einer Paprika greifen, als jemand hinter ihr, aus einer Ecke des Raumes \"Hallo\" sagte. Sie fuhr herum. In der Nische saß ein junger Mann, er trug eine einfache Hose und ein geblichenes, weißes Hemd und wusch Kartoffeln in einem Eimer voll Wasser. Er trocknete die Hände mit einem Tuch und streckte eine Hand zu Honey aus. Peinlich berührt fiel Honey auf, wie dreckig ihre Hände waren, doch trotzdem schüttelte sie die Hand des Mannes. Mann? Er schien noch etwas jung zu sein. Vielleicht zwanzig, wenn nicht jünger? Seine Augen waren freundlich und glitzerten grün, seine dunkelblonden, fast braunen Haare waren etwas verwuschelt. Honey lächelte ihn noch kurz, die Lippen aufeinander pressend an, dann wand sie sich wieder, noch steifer als vorher, der Paprika zu. Sie nahm eine große und einen direkt daneben liegenden Salatkopf heraus. Dann sah sie sich nach dem Lauch um. Er war auf einer der oberen Kisten. Als der Mann sah, dass sie sich taumelnd auf die Zehenspitzen stellte, kam er ihr zur Hilfe. \"Warte, ich mach das.\" Mühelos nahm er eine Lauchstange aus de Kiste und gab sie Honey. Sie bedankte sich leise. \"Ich habe mich noch gar nicht vorgestellt... Ich bin Jesse Molcada.\" Honey schmunzelte freudlos. \"Kartoffelwäscher?\" Er erwiderte ihr Lächeln, ohne zu bemerken, dass sie alles andere als froh war. \"Soldat, zum Kartoffelwaschen verdonnert.\" \"Oh.\" Honey biss sich auf die Lippe. Dann ging sie, weil sie nicht wusste, was sie sagen sollte, in die Küche und legte das Gemüse auf dem Tisch ab. Die Frau beachtete sie nicht. Da fiel Honey etwas ein. Sie ging zaghaft zurück in die Vorratskammer und sagte: \"Ähm. Ich bin Honey. Honey Murieta.\" Sie wollte nicht in sein Gesicht sehen, wusste aber, dass er erstaunt dreinblickte. \"Was? Murieta?\", fragte die alte Frau. Anscheinend hörte sie besser, als man vermuteten würde. \"Die Murieta-Brüder?\" \"Haben auch eine Schwester...?\", meinte Jesse und sah Honey interessiert an Unbeeindruckt schälte die Alte weiter Kartoffeln. Mit einem genervten Gesichtsausdruck neigte Jesse den Kopf und beudeutete Honey so, weiter in die Vorratskammer zu treten. \"Das wusste ich gar nicht\", sagte er. Honey presste nickend die Lippen aufeinander. \"Und jetzt musst du hier arbeiten? War es nicht der Captain, der ausgerechnet einen Murieta geschnappt hat?\" \"Das wissen hier scheinbar alle\", meinte Honey. Jesse schmunzelte. \"Das wissen alle. War ja auch eine beträchtliche Leistung.\" Honey drehte sich um und ging in die Küche. \"Nein!\", rief Jesse ihr hinterher, \"So meinte ich das nicht. Ich meinte- sie waren doch schwer zu fassen, oder? Und einer ist wieder entkommen!\" Honey setzte sich. Die Alte hatte ihr ein kleines Holzbrett und ein altes Messer hingelegt. Sie begann, die Paprika in Scheiben zu schneiden. Jesse stand kurz da, dann ging er wieder in die Vorratskammer. Schweigend gingen sie ihrer Arbeit nach. Als Honey das letzte Stück Lauch zerhackt und den Salat zerkleinert hatte, gab ihr die Frau eine Schüssel und wies sie an, alles dort rein zu geben. Honey mischte es durch. So langsam fiel ihr auf, dass sie seit gestern Abend nichts mehr gegessen hatte. Das Fleisch, welches von der Alten auf die Feuerstelle gesetzt worden war, verbreitete seinen Duft, und die Kartoffeln brodelten in einem anderen Topf vor sich hin. \"So\", meinte die Frau, \"Das sieht gut aus.\" Sie nahm einen wertvoll aussehenden Porzellanteller aus einer Schublade hinter sich, und tat mir einem Löffel einige Kartoffeln und etwas von Honeys gemischtem Salat auf. Dann stellte sie den Teller ab, hob das große Bratenstück auf den Tisch und schnitt davon zwei breite Scheiben ab. Honey saß da, versuchte ihren Magen zu ignorieren und starrte auf ihre Fingernägel. In diesem Moment ging die Tür auf und Love trat ein. \"Das duftet hervorragend\", sagte er, die Frau freundlich anlächelnd. Bevor sein Blick auf Honey fiel, drehte sich Jesse aus der Ecke des anderen Raumes in den Türrahmen, so dass man ihn sehen konnte. Er salutierte. Die Frau nickte Love begrüßend zu, die Einzige, die sich nicht bewegte, war Honey. \"Sir\", sagte Jesse. Love nickte ihm zu. \"Sie können gehen.\" Jesse nickte steif und warf Honey beim hinausgehen noch einen Blick zu. Love folgte Honeys Blick, der etwas zu lange auf Jesse haftete und lächelte. \"Das Essen ist gerade erst fertig geworden. Wir dachten, Sie würden heute woanders speisen.\" Honey gefiel, dass sie wenigstens nicht ihre Stimme hart und laut klingen ließ, so wie die Soldaten, wenn sie mit dem Captain sprachen. \"Es gab Komplikationen\", sagte Love knapp und eine Spur kälter mit einem Blick auf Honey. \"Ich hoffe, sie konnte Ihnen behilflich sein.\" \"Konnte sie, konnte sie. Ich kann mich nicht beschweren.\" Er sah freundlich aus, doch Honey fragte sich befangen, was wohl in der Zelle geschehen war. Die Alte legte die Scheiben Fleisch mit einer Gabel auf den Teller. \"Soll ich es Ihnen hochbringen lassen?\" Love lehnte dankend ab. \"Ich nehme es selbst.\" Sein Blick fiel steif auf das Mädchen. \"Honey\", sagte er in gespielt freundlichem Tonfall. Als sie ihren Namen aus seinem Munde hörte, blickte sie auf. Ein seltsames Gefühl machte sich in ihr breit. Warum verunsicherte sie es, wenn er ihren Namen sagte, dass er ihren Namen überhaupt wusste? \"Ich würde mich freuen wenn du mir beim Essen Gesellschaft leisten würdest.\" Das war ein Befehl, das wussten Honey und die Alte gleichermaßen. \"Geben Sie mir doch bitte für das Mädchen auch eine Portion mit.\" Die Alte starrte ihn kurz an. Hatte das Kind nicht gesagt sie sei eine der Murietas? Doch dann stand sie auf und nahm noch einen Teller. Als sie zum Braten gehen wollte, sagte Honey leise: \"Nur Salat, bitte.\" Der Appetit auf Fleisch war ihr in der Zelle vergangen. Doch Love sagte in einem freundlich festen Tonfall: \"Sie nimmt alles.\" Honey sah auf, doch Love erwiderte ihren Blick nicht. Er beobachtete leicht schmunzelnd, wie die Alte das Essen auftat. Dann nahm er beide Teller, auf die Besteck gelegt worden war und wies Honey mit einer Kopfbewegung an, den Raum vor ihm zu verlassen. \"Guten Abend\", sagte er zu der Frau und betrat hinter Honey den Flur. \"Na los\", sagte er zu dieser, jetzt mit unfreundlicher Stimme, als sie zögernd im Flur stand, \"Ich denke du kennst den Weg.\" Mit leicht tauben Beinen ging Honey still in Richtung Loves Schlafzimmer. Dort angekommen stellte Love die beiden Teller auf dem Tisch ab. Er wies Honey an, sich zu setzen, während er sich den Waffengürtel abschnallte. \"Iss\", wies er sie an. Honey setzte sich auf den bequemen Stuhl, nahm nur die Gabel, ohne Messer, und stach langsam in den Salat. Love zog unter dem Schreibtisch einen Schemel hervor, den Honey noch nicht bemerkt hatte. Er setzte sich, zog einen Teller näher, nahm Besteck und schnitt ein Stück Fleisch ab. Der halbe Meter, den Love von Honey entfernt war, war zu wenig. Sie war ihm zu nah. Wie in Zeitlupe kaute sie die Paprikastückchen und beobachtete Love aus dem Augenwinkel. Love, im Gegensatz dazu, aß genüsslich und ohne zu überlegen. Er hatte schon eine Scheibe Fleisch gegessen, als er während des Essens beiläufig fragte: \"Schmeckt es dir nicht?\" Sie hatte gerade einmal ein Viertel des Gemüses gegessen, Kartoffeln und Fleisch lagen unangerührt auf dem Teller. \"Doch\", sagte sie leise. \"Iss Fleisch. Du hast seit über vierundzwanzig Stunden nichts gegessen, dein Körper kann Nahrung gut vertragen.\" Honey aß ein Stück Salatblatt. Love beobachtete ihre unsichere Miene in der Spiegelung des Fensters vor dem Schreibtisch. Als ihre Blicke sich dort kurz trafen, hielt es Honey nicht mehr aus, sie holte in mehreren Anläufen Luft und fragte schließlich: \"Haben...-Haben Sie ihn umgebracht?\" Love sah ihr überrascht ins Gesicht. Dann lachte er laut. \"Nein\", sagte er kauend und bedachte sie mit einem Blick, als sei sie das naivste Kind der Welt. \"Ich habe ihm seine Kommentare ausgetrieben.\" Love sah kurz, ernster werdend, auf ihre Essensreste und sagte dann, immer noch mit einem freundlichen Lächelns und einer Stimme, die nicht zum Inhalt seiner Worte passte: \"Ich kann dich auch zum Essen zwingen.\" Honey senkte den Kopf. Befriedigt sah Love, dass Honey sich ihrem Essen zuwand und nahm ein großes Stück Fleisch in den Mund. Noch kauend meinte er: \"Bei Gott, ich würde es keine halbe Stunde mit so einem Proleten aushalten. War er den ganzen Tag so anstrengend?\" Honey antwortete nicht, sondern mied Loves Blick. Sie nahm das Messer und schnitt ein Stück Fleisch ab. \"Vielleicht sollte ich mich auf Gefangene wie dich spezialisieren\", sagte Love sarkastisch. Honey aß das Stück, schluckte und sagte: \"Vielleicht sollten Sie mich darüber aufklären, warum ich hier bin.\" Ihr Tonfall war vorsichtig. \"Nun, ich dachte ich würde dir einen Gefallen tun, wenn ich dich aus der Zelle hole.\" \"Hier bin ich ebenso in einer Zelle. Nur die Gesellschaft ist weitaus anstrengender.\" Love verschluckte sich fast und sah Honey an. Sie sprach weiter, weitaus unvorsichtiger: \"Es ist anstrengend, dauerhaft in Todesangst zu leben.\" Love blickte sie aufmerksam an. Sie erwiderte seinen Blick nicht, sondern aß mit unschuldiger Miene. Love wand sich auch seinem Essen zu. \"Verursache ich bei dir Todesangst?\" \"Sie verursachen\", begann Honey, plötzlich ballten sich ihre Hände als Fäuste um das Besteck, \"Hass in mir.\" Love nickte. \"Hass ja, aber Todesangst?\" Doch das Mädchen sagte nichts mehr und schluckte schwerfällig ihre Bissen hinunter. Sie aß jetzt schneller, schien von ihrem Hunger überrannt zu werden. \"Du brauchst keine Todesangst haben\", sagte Love, und seine Stimme klang irgendwie... weich. \"Ich will dass du Respekt hast.\" Honey lachte freudlos auf und wand sich zu Love. \"Respekt muss man sich verdienen.\" Eine kurze Stille trat ein. Honey wusste nicht, ob sie an der unsichtbaren Grenze stand, oder sie vielleicht schon überschritten hatte. \"Mir ist noch nie jemand begegnet, der so frech und gleichzeitig so feige war.\" \"Und mich zu schlagen ist nicht feige?\", rief Honey schnell. \"Dich zu schlagen\", erwiderte Love härter, \"ist mein Beruf. Genauso wie das Finden deines Bruder. Du wirst mir die Informationen geben, die ich haben will, ob du willst oder nicht.\" \"Wenn das keine Drohung ist.\" \"Sieh es als Chance. Ich lasse dich gehen. Völlig unversehrt.\" Honey lachte. \"Natürlich.\" \"Du kannst Geld haben. Kleider. Alles was du nicht hast.\" \"Ich will weder ihr Geld, noch meine Freiheit, noch sonst irgendwas. Ich will meine Brüder.\" \"Das dachte ich mir.\" Love nickte mit verengten Augen, und schwieg. Honey steckte sich Haarsträhnen hinters Ohr und rieb sich müde mit der Handfläche durchs Gesicht. Dann war alles klar. Was weiter geschehen würde stand fest. Herausforderungen. Das Mädchen könnte mit Leichtigkeit getötet, vergewaltigt, geschlagen und beleidigt werden. Love könnte ihren Willen und ihren Stolz brechen. All dies einfacher, als er es bei jedem einfachen Dieb könnte. Nein, all dies war zu banal. Für Honey hatte er sich etwas ganz anderes überlegt.[Chapter 10] Kapitel 10 - Der Grund, aus dem du noch am Leben bist Das Gegenteil von Familie ist Alleinsein, das weiß Diego. An einem Abend verlor er einfach alles. Das Gegenteil von Besitz ist Verlust, das weiß Alejandro. Der Tod von Joaquín ging einfach schnell. Das Gegenteil von Mut ist Angst, das weiß Honey. Man kann ihr einfach Angst machen. Das Gegenteil von Hass ist Liebe, das weiß Captain Love. Und Hass in Liebe zu verwandeln ist nicht einfach. Love konnte nicht behaupten, dass ihn das Atmen des Mädchens neben ihm störte. Er wusste, dass sie nicht schlief. Als sie schweigend fertig gegessen hatten, hatte Love die Teller genommen und in den Flur gestellt. Das Mädchen, die ganze Zeit über nachdenklich und abwesend, war still auf dem Stuhl sitzengeblieben und hatte hinausgestarrt. \"Wasch dich\", sagte Love. Er hatte dem verschüchterten Ding ein altes weißes Hemd gegeben und sie angewiesen, es nach dem Waschen anzuziehen. Sie solle schlafen, an der selben Stelle wie gestern, er würde noch Dinge erledigen und später kommen. Love hatte sie eingeschlossen. Als er zurückkam, lag sie im Dunklen Zimmer am Ende des Bettes, der Tür den Rücken zugewand, zusammengekrümmt und ohne Decke. Er ging in den Raum, legte die Dokumente, die er in der Hand hatte, auf den Schreibtisch und ging leise zum Bettrand, an dem Honey schlief. Sie hatte die Augen geschlossen, doch ihre Atemzüge zitterten und ihre Wangen waren nass. Love nahm die Decke, die hinter ihr lag und deckte sie damit zu, dann machte er sich bettfertig. Sie schien sich unter Kontrolle zu haben, als er sich ins Bett legte, doch das Zittern des Atems hörte nicht auf. Er streckte den Arm aus, legte eine Hand sachte auf ihren zugedeckten Oberarm und machte \"Scht.\" Ihr Körper verkrampfte sich förmlich unter seiner Berührung, ihre Muskeln spannte sich an. Sie zuckte leicht mit dem Oberkörper zur Seite, so dass seine Hand herunterfiel. Als sie leise schluchzte, fasste er mit verstärktem Druck um zog Arm und drehte sie auf den Rücken. Ihre Wangen glitzerten nass im Mondlicht. Wie viel konnte man eigentlich weinen?! Erneut bewegte Honey zuckend ihren Arm, damit Love Hand abfiel. \"Wovor fürchtest du dich?\" \"Vor- nichts\", schluchzte Honey leise. \"Wenn- wenn ich träume\", sagte Honey und ihre Stimme klang hoch und verletzt, \"sehe ich, wie er sich erschießt.. und- und Ihren Säbel, Sie...\", sie schluckte geräuschvoll. Love war das ziemlich egal. Er schwieg einen Moment und holte gerade Luft, um etwas zu sagen, als Honey ihm das Wort abschnitt. \"Was hat er getan? Er hat das nicht verdient!\" \"Halt den Mund.\" \"Er hat nur gestohlen, er hat nie jemanden umgebracht...\" \"Halt den Mund!\", wiederholte Love hart. \"Ich werde nicht darüber diskutieren. Dich hat wirklich keiner zum Respekt erzogen.\" Die Stille, die eintrat, dauerte so lange, dass Love einschlief. Es war dunkel im Raum, als Love ihn betrat. Er sah zum Bett - Honey schlief nicht. Sie lag nicht mal da. Wo war sie? Er ging einen weiteren Schritt ins Zimmer und nahm gedankenverloren seinen Hut ab, als hinter ihm jemand zu sprechen begann. \"Guten Abend.\" Es war das Mädchen. Beim Klang ihrer Stimme drehte sich Love um. Sie stand im Halbdunkel neben der Tür. Erst war Love erschrocken, da hätte sonst wer stehen können, im Hinterhalt. Doch dieser Gedanke verflog sofort. Honey trug ein weißes Hemd, das Love gehörte - und mehr nicht. Sie hatte die Arme in die Hüften gestützt, so dass das ihr bis zehn Zentimeter über die Knie reichende Hemd eng anlag - und sehr genaue Konturen ihrer Oberkörpers preisgab. Er schluckte und musterte sie unverfroren. \"Was ist los?\" Honey lächelte spielerisch. War hier etwas faul? \"Ich war ziemlich alleine...\", sagte sie, lächelte und ging an Love vorbei ums Bett herum. Love machte einen Schritt auf sie zu als sie sich umdrehte. So liefen sie fast gegeneinander und waren nur eine Handbreit voneinander entfernt. Honey legte die flache Hand auf Loves Brust. Love zog die Brauen zusammen, hinderte sie jedoch nicht. \"Ist Ihnen schonmal aufgefallen...\", sagte Honey leise mit zuckersüßer Stimme und ließ ihre Hand hinuntergleiten, \"Dass Sie mich noch nie aufgefordert haben, Sie 'Sir' zu nennen?\" Sie legte den Kopf schief und sah ihn an. Love sah auf ihre Brüste, dann blickte er sie an und sagte: \"Nein.\" Er lächelte und verengte die Augen. \"Warum?\" Honey schien auf diese Frage gewartet zu haben. \"Nun, das wundert mich. Ich dachte, Sie mögen das. Ich dachte,\", sie ging so nah an ihn heran dass sich ihr Körper an ihn schmiegte, \"sie hätten gern die Zügel in der Hand.\" Mit diesen Worten fasste sie Love zwischen die Beine. Love blickte einen Moment mit offenem Mund zu ihr herunter, dann legte er ihr eine Hand an die Hüfte und presste sie an sich. Sie wehrte sie nicht. War es nicht eigentlich egal? Sie schien es doch sogar zu wollen! Ihre Hand bewegte sich. Erregt griff Love ihr ums Gesicht, zog es barsch heran und küsste sie. Sie erwiderte seinen Kuss erst zaghaft, dann intensiv. Als sie sich lösten, fragte Love, vor Erregung schwer atmend, \"Was ist in dich gefahren?\" Honey öffnete den obersten Knopf seiner Uniform. \"Gefällt es Ihnen nicht?\" Love lachte und griff in ihre Haare, zog ihren Kopf zu sich und küsste sie erneut. Honey öffnete seine Uniform weiter. Love zog sie sich schließlich in einer schnellen Bewegung aus und riss sich auch das Hemd vom Körper. Dann ging er langsamer auf Honey zu. Ihr Hemd würde er mit Bedacht ausziehen. Er schob sie zum Bett und legte sie darauf ab. Ihre Knie waren noch angewinkelt und ihre Füße standen auf dem Boden, aber ihr Oberkörper lag vor ihm. Bemüht, nicht auf die Stellen zu schauen, die das Hemd freilegte, beugte sich Love über Honey und knöpfte das Hemd langsam auf. Als es zur Hälfte offen war, zog er es auseinander und genoss den Anblick, der sich ihm bot. Er sah ihr ins Gesicht. \"Das wirst du hinterher bereuen\", meinte er. \"Sie nicht\", erwiderte Honey. Love lächelte, als sich neben ihm jemand bewegte. Er schlug die Augen auf. Sonnenlicht flutete das Zimmer. Als er den Kopf wendete, sah er das Mädchen, dass sich im Schlaf gewendet hatte und gegen ihn gerollt war. Sie schien etwas weniger Angenehmes geträumt zu haben, jedenfalls waren ihre Wangen gerötet und ihre Augen leicht geschwollen. Er sah in ihr nahes Gesicht, als auch sie die Augen aufschlug. Sie blinzelte und sah ihn einen Moment lang verstört an. Dann holte sie Luft und stieß einen Schrei aus. Abrupt richtete sie sich auf und wendete sich so, dass ihr Oberkörper weg von Love war. Als ihre Knie gegen Loves Beine und Körpermitte stießen, hielt sie einen Moment inne. Erschrocken sah sie erst dorthin, dann in Loves Gesicht. Er brauchte einen Moment um zu begreifen, dass ihre Knie leicht gegen etwas hartes zwischen seinen Beinen gestoßen waren und er realisierte in Bruchteilen einer Sekunde, dass sie im Begriff war, aufzuspringen und dass er die Tür nicht abgeschlossen hatte. Schnell richtete er sich auf, griff an ihre Schulter und riss sie etwas zu grob zurück auf das Bett. Sie schrie vor Schmerz, als ihr Kopf trotz des Weichen Kissens hart auf dem Bett auftraf. \"Hey!\", versuchte Love sie zu beruhigen und legte einen Zeigefinger an den Mund, \"Nicht so laut-\", Honey bäumte sich auf und versuchte mit aller Kraft, aus dem Bett zu kommen, Love hielt sie am Arm fest, sie schüttelte seinen Arm ab, ihre Füße berührten kurz den Fußboden, dann setzte Love sich weiter auf ihre Seite des Bettes und versuchte, sie am Schreien zu hindern, indem er ihren Mund zuhielt. Er zog sie zurück, als sie sich wieder aufrichtete, stieß sie gegen Loves Oberkörper. Mit den Händen wollte sie ihn wegschieben. Love versuchte in dem Gerangel, ihr nicht wehzutun, sie aber dennoch in Schach zu halten. Er stieg mit einem Bein über sie, so dass er auf ihr saß und presste mit beiden Händen ihren Oberkörper an den Schultern ins Bett. Mit der rechten Hand holte Honey aus und schlug Love mit aller Kraft ins Gesicht. \"Gehen Sie runter!\" Seine Wange brannte leicht und er sah sie eher verwundert als verletzt innehaltend an. Als nichts geschah, schlug Honey noch einmal zu. \"Und fassen Sie nie wieder jemanden aus meiner Familie an!\" Als sie zur dritten Ohrfeige ausholte, hielt Love ihre Hand fest. \"Hey!\", sagte er drohend und hob die eigene flache Hand, als er sah, dass sie den Tränen mehr als nahe war. Er holte tief, genervt Luft und ließ die Hand sinken. \"Hab ich dir wehgetan?\" \"Gehen Sie runter von mir!\" Love sah sie an. Dann stieg er von ihr herunter und stellte sich hin. Sie richtete sich auf. Wortlos und genervt ging Love zur Tür, drehte den Schlüssel um und ging seufzend ins Bad. Auch dort machte er die Tür hinter sich zu. Honey lag einen Moment schwer atmend da. Dann stand sie angsterfüllt auf und huschte zur Badtür. Sie hörte, dass Love sich wusch. Uniformiert, mir blauer Hose und weißem Hemd kam Love aus dem Bad. Die Kleine saß auf dem Stuhl vor dem Schreibtisch. Love ging zum Schrank und zog seinen Uniformmantel an. Seinen Frühsport hatte er jetzt wenigstens erledigt. \"Solange du hier bist, wirst du dich nützlich machen.\" Er band sich den Waffelgürtel um. \"Heute komme ich früh, vielleicht fünf Uhr abends. Bis dahin wischst du den Boden hier und machst das Bett frisch. Ach ja\", sagte er, als er fertig mit dem Gürtel war, \"Ich würde heute gerne etwas anderes essen als Rindfleisch.\" Honey sah ihn schweigend an. Kein Protest. Love legte den Kopf schief. \"Wenn du dich einsam fühlst, geh hinunter in die Küche, zu Fernanda. Und wenn du auf die Idee kommst, von hier zu verschwinden, dann bereite dich auf ein restliches Leben in der Zelle vor.\" Love ging zum Schreibtisch, nahm zwei Patronen aus der Holztruhe darauf und setzte sie in seinen Colt. Dabei sah er Honey an. Sie blickte nicht auf die Waffe, sondern direkt in Loves Gesicht. \"Du darfst dich frei auf dem Gelände der Kaserne bewegen. Du bekommst was du brauchst. Riskiere keinen Ärger.\" Mit einer raschen Bewegung ließ er das Kugelfach des Colts zuschnappen, lud und entlud ihn und steckte ihn, Honey nach wie vor musternd, ins Halfter. Er nickte ihr zu und verließ leicht lächelnd den Raum. Man hielt Banditen für faul, die Diebe insbesondere. Wenn man sich nicht für Besitz anstrengte, stahl man ihn eben. Honey wusste das. Waren ihre Brüder faul gewesen?, fragte sie sich, während sie mit einem Wassereimer und einen Lappen aus einer kleinen Kammer im unteren Flur den Boden in Loves Schlafzimmer wischte. Ein Soldat hatte ihr den Raum gezeigt. Das Zimmer war nicht wirklich dreckig, Honey hatte schon anderes gesehen. Trotzdem wechselte sie das Wasser mehr als dreimal aus und wischte mehrmals nach. Als sie den Eimer zurück in die Abstellkammer brachte, rief die alte Frau sie in die Küche und bot ihr Brot, Käse und Wasser an. Honey nahm das Essen dankend entgegen und aß ohne Zurückhaltung unter dem Blick der Frau. Eine weitere Frau betrat die Küche, sie balancierte drei Tablette auf den Hände, die mit Gläsern vollgestellt waren. Es war eine Mestizin mit langen, schwarzen und stumpfen Haaren. Sie war kräftig, aber noch sehr jung und hatte ein ausdrucksloses Gesicht. Möglicherweise war sie sieben, acht Jahre älter als Honey. \"Ah\", sagte sie, \"Du musst die Kleine von Love sein.\" \"Nein\", sagte Honey, \"Ich bin eher...\" Ihr fiel nichts ein. Die junge Frau sah sie einen Moment abweisend an, dann sagte knapp: \"Ich bin Fernanda.\" \"Sie... arbeiten hier?\", fragte Honey höflich. \"Eigentlich arbeite ich drüben in der Hacienda, aber auf Loves Einladung kam ich hier her\", meinte Fernanda und betonte die Worte \"Love\" und \"Einladung\". Die alte Frau schmunzelte. \"Du hast einen guten Appetit\", sagte die Alte, als Honey ihr das leere Tablett dankend zu ihr schob. Es war befreiend gewesen, in anderer Gesellschaft zu essen. \"Er möchte heute kein Rindfleisch\", sagte sie. \"Tatsächlich?\", fragte Fernanda und blickte auf. \"Und das kann er mir nicht selber mitteilen? Er kommt nicht mal mehr zum Essen in die Küche! Immer raufbringen, raufbringen... Der gute Herr wird wohl immer beschäftigter. Nicht, dass du ihm noch mehr Zeit raubst, junge Dame.\" \"Wie bitte?\", Honey sah auf, \"Er hält mich hier fest!\" \"Dann musst du ihm ja etwas Besonderes geben können.\" Honey schwieg einen Moment, dann stand sie auf. \"Etwas Besonderes?\" \"Love ist nicht dafür bekannt, dass er seine Gäste in seinem Zimmer schlafen lässt.\" \"Glauben Sie ich bin eine Hure?\" Stille trat ein. Fernanda drehte sich um. Eine Falte war zwischen ihren Augenbrauen erschienen. \"So wollte ich das nicht sagen. Ich finde nur es gibt Dinge, die man nicht verkaufen sollte.\" \"Sie wissen doch gar nicht, wo von Sie reden!\", rief Honey und blickte Fernanda entrüstet hinterher, als sie den Raum verließ. \"Sie sah es tatsächlich als persönliche Einladung, dabei war sie im Hause Montero überschüssig und wurde deshalb hier her beordert\", meinte die Frau gelassen, während sie Honeys Teller säuberte. \"Love ist ein gut aussehender Kerl, naja...\" Sie lächelte Honey gutmütig zu. \"Danke für das Essen\", sagte Honey betrübt und verließ den Raum. Sie bemerkte Pedro, den Soldaten nicht, der nah der Küche stand und das Gespräch mit angehört hatte. Sie verließ das Schlafzimmer zum Mittag nicht. Zum Nachmittag nicht. Erst als die Sonne ihren höchsten Punkt erreicht hatte, und ihre Strahlen milder wurden, ging Honey zögernd wieder hinunter. Sie lief langsam durch den Flur. Ohne genau zu wissen, warum, führten ihre Beine sie in Richtung der Treppe, die zur Zelle führte. Sie stieg hinunter. In der Zelle kauerte der Bandit, immer noch den Balken über dem Rücken. Er sah erschöpft aus. Getrocknetes Blut klebte an seiner Nase und unter seinen Lippen. Erst als Honey einen Schritt näher an die Gitterstäbe herantrat, bemerkte sie den Soldaten, der vor der Zelle Wache hielt. \"Was willst du hier, Mädchen?\", fragte er sie barsch. Der Bandit sah auf, allerdings verzichtete er heute auf derbe Sätze. Er musste Schmerzen haben. \"Ich... wollte nach ihm sehen. Hat er was zu Essen bekommen? Vielleicht sollte ich-\" \"Er bekommt nichts. Befehl.\" Honey nickte. Hatte sie Mitleid? Dieser Mann weckte Erinnerungen in ihr, das Gefühl, sie müsse ihm helfen, weil sie ihrem Bruder nicht helfen konnte - Honey schüttelte den Kopf. Das war doch wahnsinn. Abrupt drehte sie sich um und stieg die Treppe hoch, mehrere Stufen auf einmal nehmend. Schnell lief sie im Richtung Schlafzimmer, als jemand sie plötzlich schwungvoll durch eine offene Tür zog. Erst als sie weit im Raum - dem Waffenlager - stand, riss sie sich los. Ein Dutzend Soldaten, darunter auch Jesse, liefen im Raum umher und polierten Waffen oder brachten Schießpulver. \"Ich habe ein paar Fetzen deiner kleinen Unterhaltung in der Küche aufgeschnappt, weißt du\", murmelte Pedro, der Honey gezogen hatte, ihr leise zu. Honey flüsterte nicht. \"Ja? Nun, die war nicht für Sie bestimmt.\" \"Wie auch immer. Fernanda mag zwar ein Biest sein, aber mich interessiert auch, was so in dir steckt.\" Honey zog die Brauen hoch. \"Können Sie sich nicht deutlicher ausdrücken?\" \"Ich will wissen, was du Love anbietest\", sagte Pedro, jetzt ohne leises Gehabe. Die anderen Soldaten wurden auf das Gespräch aufmerksam. \"Wofür? Dafür, dass ich hier gefangen bin?\" \"Du bist nicht gefangen. Der Drecksack unter uns ist gefangen, aber du, meine Liebe, bist es nicht. Komm schon\", Pedro trat näher an Honey heran. \"Was gibst du ihm?\" Er beugte sich und flüsterte in ihr Ohr, sodass nur sie es hören konnte. \"Wie vögelt er?\" Honey stieß Pedro beide Hände vor die Brust und schubste ihn von sich weg. \"Was ist?\", fragte Pedro lachend und reckte die Hände fragend in die Höhe. \"Er tut es doch, oder nicht?\" \"Lass sie in Frieden\", meinte Jesse leise. \"Halt's Maul oder du wäschst wieder Kartoffeln\", rief Pedro kalt, dann wandte er sich wieder Honey zu. \"Er tut es nicht?\" Pedro lachte schallend. \"Die Kleine will uns alle zum Narren halten.\" Er ging wieder näher heran und umfasste ihr Kinn. \"Das willst du doch, oder?\", sagte er leise, mit tiefer Stimme. Honey drückte seinen Arm nach unten. \"Captain Love heißt nicht so, weil er alle seine Gefangenen mit Liebe behandelt, so wie dich. Er scheint etwas an dir gefunden zu haben, genau wie unser kleiner Kartoffelwäscher hier!\" Er nickte zu Jesse. \"Wie behandle ich sie?\", ertönte eine Stimme hinter Pedro und Honey. Captain Harrison Love lehnte im Türrahmen, die Arme gelassen verschränkt, und beobachtete das Geschehen. Augenblicklich stellten sich die Soldaten in einer Reihe auf und salutierten. Pedro hatte die Augen weit aufgerissen und stand steifer da als alle anderen. \"Sir!\", salutierte er, \"Ich weiß es nicht, S-Sir.\" Immer noch lässig im im Türrahmen lehnend, meinte Love: \"Nun, möglicherweise finden Sie es heraus, wenn Sie sich körperlich betätigen. Fünfzehn Liegestütze.\" Pedro sprang hastig zu Boden und tat schwerfällig, wie ihm geheißen wurde. Honey blickte mit gerunzelter Stirn von ihm zu Love, welcher mit einem schiefen Lächeln zu Pedro hinunter sah. Als Pedro sich schwer atmend aufrichtete, trat Love in den Raum hinein und stellte sich vor Jesse. \"Sir\", rief dieser. Love neigte sich zu ihm und flüsterte deutlich vernehmbar in sein Ohr. \"Sie ist zu jung für Sie.\" Die Soldaten, ausgenommen Jesse, lachten grölend, kamen aber augenblicklich wieder zum Schweigen. \"Honey!\", sagte Love. Das Mädchen zuckte zusammen, als sie unerwartet beim Namen angesprochen wurde. \"Geh vor.\" Honey nickte langsam und ging aus dem Lager. Als sie weg war, trat Love einen Schritt zurück, sodass er zentral vor den Soldaten stand. \"Ich will es nicht jedem Einzelnen beibringen müssen. Das Mädchen ist hier, weil ihr Bruder ein gejagter Verbrecher ist. Wir können davon ausgehen, dass er sie, sobald er auf den Gedanken kommt, sie könne hier sein, befreien will. Wenn ich ihn habe und das Mädchen nicht mehr brauche, ist sie unbedeutend. Aber solange sie mein Lockvogel ist, werden Sie sie daran hindern, die Kaserne zu verlassen oder Kontakt zur Außenwelt aufzunehmen. In allen anderen Situationen sähe ich es wirklich ungern\", seine Stimme wurde autoritär, fast drohend, \"wenn jemand Hand an ihr anlegt. Verstanden?\" \"Ja, Sir!\", riefen die Soldaten wie aus einem Mund. \"Gut. Wie ich sagte, ich werde das nicht beim Appell thematisieren. Sie können Ihren Kameraden sagen, dass jeder, der auf weibliche Reize in diesen Mauern reagiert, mit Konsequenzen rechnen muss. Abtreten.\" Einige der Soldaten machten sich wieder an die Arbeit, andere, darunter auch Pedro, wollten den Raum verlassen. Love stellte sich ihm in den weg und sagte leise: \"Sie ist wirklich nicht hässlich. Aber\", er klopfte dem Mann auf die Schulter, \"versuchen Sie es doch am nächsten Wochenende mit einem Bordellbesuch.\" Honey saß am Bettrand und sah regungslos in den Spiegel. Love kam in den Raum, legte Hut und Handschuhe ab und holte einen Kamm auf dem Bad, mit dem er erschöpft seine Haare durchfuhr. Es klopfte an der Tür. \"Ja!\", sagte Love und ging einen Schritt auf die Tür zu. Die Klinke ging herunter und ein Tablett mit einem Teller schob sich durch den Türspalt, ein Arm und ein Kopf hinterher. Es war Fernanda. \"Ah, Dankeschön\", sagte Love und sein freundlicher Tonfall hatte ein Spur Abgelenktheit in sich. \"Sie haben es sich noch nicht geholt, Sir, da dachte ich...\", sie sah zum Bett und als sie Honey sah, wurde ihr Blick eine Spur kälter. \"Ja...\", Love schien ungehalten darüber, dass sie Honey ansah, \"Stellen Sie es einfach dorthin.\" Er wieß auf den Schreibtisch. Fernanda trat in den Raum und stellte das Tablett vorsichtig ab. Sie sah kurz ihr Spiegelbild im Fenster und zupfte leicht an ihrem Kleid, sodass es etwas hinunterrutschte und mehr ihres üppigen Dekolletés preisgab. Honey, die es im Spiegel sah, vergaß das Unterdrücken des Weinens und begann zu lachen, wobei ihre Stimme zitterte. Love sah sie irritiert an, Fernanda jedoch fuhr herum und ging mit einem bösen Blick in Richtung Honey zur Tür. Als sie sich am Türrahmen noch mal zu Love umdrehte, war ihre Stimme wieder zuckersüß. \"Darf es noch etwas sein?\" Loves Blick ging auf ihren Ausschnitt. \"Nun, die selbe Portion noch einmal und eine flasche Mescal, das wäre alles.\" Love beugte sich zu ihr und flüsterte ihr etwas ins Ohr. Sie riss die Augen auf und begann zu lächeln. \"Sir?\" Love nickte knapp und schloss die Tür hinter ihr. Dann wand er sich, plötzlich zufrieden aussehend, der irritierten Honey zu. Das Lächeln verwandelte ihr, Love nur traurig bekanntes Gesicht in das eines schönen, belustigten Mädchens. Ihre Wangen glitzerten allerdings noch nass. Love betrachtete sie mit einer Mischung aus Überraschung und Ablehnung. \"Es gibt Dinge die selbst du schlaues Mädchen noch nicht weißt.\" \"Ich glaube es gibt Dinge, ich ich gar nicht wissen möchte.\" Love lächelte schief. Sein Blick fuhr den Boden entlang. \"Sieht sauber aus.\" Er ging zum Schreibtisch, setzte sich und begann, zu essen. Kurz später klopfte es an der Tür. \"Ja\", sagte Love leicht genervt und die Tür schwang auf. \"Bitte - stellen Sie es hierhin.\" Fernanda stellte den zweiten Teller sorgfältig auf den Tisch. In ein Glas, das sie mitgebracht hatte, schüttete Mescal aus der noch vollen Flasche. Sie schien außer Atem zu sein, jedenfalls hob und senkte sich ihre Brust merklich. Doch Love schenkte dem keine Beachtung, sondern aß genussvoll sein Mahl. Fernanda warf Honey beim Hinausgehen einen triumphfierenden Blick zu, den sie nicht einordnen konnte. Kurz bevor sie die Tür erreichte, legte Love sein Besteck plötzlich zur Seite und sagte: \"Fernanda?\" Sie drehte sich um. \"Ich möchte Sie um einen Gefallen bitten.\" Er stand auf und winkte Honey zu sich heran. \"Komm her.\" Sehr langsam stand Honey auf. \"Komm!\" Sie ging einen Schritt in Richtung Love und blieb stehen. \"Haben Sie etwas zum Anziehen für sie?\" Fernanda musterte Honey geringschätzig. \"Ich weiß nicht, Sir ...\" \"Es muss nichts Schönes sein. Nur damit sie etwas hat. Ich werde sie selbstverständlich entschädigen. Finanziell.\" Honey sah mit offenem Mund von Love zu Fernanda und zurück. \"Nun ja ... ich werde sehen, was zu tun ist.\" \"Ich danke Ihnen. Sie können sie gleich mitnehmen. Vielleicht lässt sich ja auch aus ihren Haaren etwas machen.\" Honey sah mit großen Augen von ihm zum Spiegel. Ihre Haare waren zerzaust und an manchen Stellen verknotet. \"Komm mit\", befahl Fernanda kalt und Honey ging wortlos hinter ihr aus dem Zimmer. Als es an der Tür klopfte, sagte Love \"Ja\", ohne von seiner Zeitung aufzusehen. Die letzten Sonnenstrahlen des Tages tauchten das Zimmer in ein rötlich-orangenes Licht. Die Tür ging auf. Love nippte an seinem Getränk, sah auf und hielt inne, das Glas immernoch an den Lippen. Fernanda stand im Raum, die Hände in die breiten Hüften gestützt. Hinter ihr lugte die Kleine vorsichtig durch die Tür. Ihre glatt gekämmten, rotblonden Haare, die noch etwas feucht waren, glänzten im Sonnenlicht. Ihr Gesicht war gewaschen und von der Wunde durch Loves Ohrfeige war nur noch ein kleiner rötlicher Fleck zu sehen. Unsicher trat Honey von einem Bein auf das andere. Sie hatte einen braunen, gewickelten Rock an, der auch ein großes Tuch hätte sein können und an ihrer Hüfte eng verknotet war. Er reichte ihr etwas über Knie. Die graue Bluse an Honeys Oberkörper wieß am Auschnitt gehäkelte Blumenmuster auf und war an der Hüfte unter den Rock gesteckt. Sie verdeckte Honeys Arme bis zu den Ellenbogen und an Honey Handgelenken konnte man blaue Flecken erkennen. Love schluckte den Mescal herunter, stellte das Glas auf den Tisch und ging mit offenem Mund zu Fernanda. \"Was bin ich Ihnen schuldig?\", fragte er, immernoch Honey ansehend. Fernanda warf einen Blick zu ihr und sagte dann: \"Sir, wenn Sie-\" \"20 Pesos\", unterbrach Love sie, ging zum Schrank, öffnete ihn und holte einen kleinen, ledernen Beutel heraus. . Fernanda sah erstaunt auf. \"20 Pe-\", entfuhr es Honey, doch sie bremste sich. Ihre Augen waren aufgerissen. \"20 Pesos ... Wie soll ich ... Ich kann Ihnen das nicht- Ich kann das nicht zurückzahlen ...!\" Fernanda zögerte, als Love ihr das Geld reichen wollte. \"Ist schon gut\", sagte er und drückte ihr das Geld in die Hand. Einen Moment stand sie da, doch Love hatte sich wieder Honey zugewendet und musterte sie. \"Guten Abend\", meinte sie. \"Guten Abend\", erwiderte Love abwesend. Fernanda ging an Honey vorbei aus dem Raum. Honeys Blick haftete auf der rechten Hand Fernandas, der Hand, in sie das Geld hielt. Sie sah unglücklich aus und trat immer noch von einem Bein auf's andere. An den Füßen trug sie lose Schlappen. Als die Tür mit einem knacksenden Geräsuch zuging, wendete Honey den Blick zu Love. Sie fuhr sich mit der Hand durch die seidigen Haare, die ihr ins Gesicht fielen. \"20 Pesos ... Ich kann Ihnen das nicht zurückzahlen\", sagte Honey jetzt energischer. \"Ich weiß.\" \"Aber- A-Aber ich will nicht dass Sie Geld für mich ausgeben.\" Love hob die Brauen und lächelte provozierend. \"Sieh es als Erbe. Ich habe hundert Pesos für deinen Bruder bekommen, die gehören dir.\" Honeys Blick wurde hasserfüllt. \"Darauf kann ich verzichten.\" \"So würde ich das nicht sagen\", sagte er und musterte sie. Dann wieß er mit dem Kopf zum Schreibtisch. \"Das Essen wird kalt.\" \"Ich will es nicht. Warum geben Sie es nicht dem Mann in der Zelle?\" Love lachte auf. \"Warum lade ich ihn nicht ein, damit er hier mit uns speist?\" Honey biss sich auf die Lippe. \"Vielleicht weil er dort unten eine Strafe absitzt und das hier kein Gasthaus ist\", sagte Love kalt. Er sah ihr an, dass ihr etwas auf den Lippen lag und er ahnte auch, was. Es war relativ widersprüchlich zu sagen, Diebe befänden sich zur Strafe in der Garnison - was stimmte -, und andererseits die Bälger von Gesetzlosen im eigenen Bett schlafen zu lassen. \"Hm...\", Honey sah zu Boden, \"Achso. Na dann.\" Ihre Haare fielen ihr ins Gesicht. Sie strich sich die vorderen Strähnen hinters Ohr und sah seitlich in den Spiegel. \"Um Gottes Willen\", murmelte sie leise. \"Was ist?\" Honey sah auf, offenbar erstaunt, dass sie das gerade laut gesagt hatte. \"Nichts\", erwiderte sie schnell. \"Gefällt es dir nicht?\" \"Doch... doch.\" Sie sah kurz, etwas unterdrückend zu Boden. Dann drehte sie sich ruckartig zum Spiegel und fuhr mit einem Finger durch den linken oberen Ansatz ihrer Haare. Sie veränderte ihren Mittelscheitel zum Seitenscheitel. Love starrte sie einen Moment an und lachte dann überrascht. Honey sah ihn irritiert an, blickte zum Spiegel und musste unwillkürlich lächeln. Sie sah jetzt aus wie das Mädchen, welches sie noch vor einigen Tagen gewesen war.[Chapter 11] Kapitel 11 - Gefühlstrunken Schweiß lief von Loves Stirn. Die Wege zum Schlüsselort von Monteros Projekt, wurden bei der immer größer werdenden Hitze allmählich zu Gewaltritten. Er hatte Respekt vor Don Montero, welcher trotz seiner fast sechzig Jahre mit nur zwei Pausen auskam. Von Love aus hätten sie die Pausen allerdings auch weglassen können. Als sie ihre Pferde zum Trab bremsten - sie befanden sich fast im Pueblo - lenkte Montero sein Pferd neben Loves. \"Gute Arbeit, Captain, dass muss ich wirklich sagen.\" Er lächelte. \"Ich habe beschlossen, das Bankett, von dem ich sprach, bereits in anderthalb Monaten auszurichten. Was meinen Sie; Wird das Projekt bis dahin ... präsentierbar sein?\" \"Dem dürfte nichts im Wege stehen.\" \"Gut, Love. Ich verlasse mich auf Sie. Nun zu etwas anderem: Ich habe Ihnen noch gar nicht die Hacienda gezeigt, oder? Was hielten Sie davon, heute Abend mit Elena und mir zu speisen?\" \"Es wäre mir eine Ehre, Sir.\" \"Hervorragend. Ein bisschen Erholung kann nicht schaden.\" Es war seltsam: Wenn Honey, wie an diesem Morgen aufwachte, und das Zimmer war leer, niemand lag neben ihr ... dann war es so einfach sich einzureden, alles wäre gut. Sie läge in einem nobel eingerichteten Raum, auf einem weichen Bett und die Sonne würfe sorglos Licht durch das Fenster. Doch ihr Verstand wusste, dass Love irgendwann zurückkommen würde. Honey stand auf und sah sich im Spiegel an. Zum Schlafen hatte sie ein altes, fiel zu großes weißes Hemd von Fernanda bekommen. Es war ein komisches Gefühl für Honey, ins Bad zu gehen, sich nach dem Schlafen zu Waschen, die Kleidung zu wechseln und anschließend im Spiegel ihre Haare zu machen. Das war alles normal, alltäglich, erinnerte sie an das geregelte Leben, dass sie verbrachte hatte, als ihr Vater noch da gewesen war. Noch überraschender war es, als es an der Tür klopfte und als auf Honeys zaghaftes \"Ja\" Fernanda ins Zimmer trat. Sie trug einen Teller mit Brot, Käse, Trauben und einem Pfirsich sowie ein Glas Wasser. Mürrisch trat sie ein und stellte alles auf dem Schreibtisch ab. \"Danke\", sagte Honey bemüht höflich. \"Ich mache das nur, weil Love es mir aufgetragen hat.\" Sagte sie genervt, blieb aber stehen und blickte Honey an, in der Erwartung, sie würde kontern. Honey verstand nicht, was Fernanda wollte und nickte nur. \"Ich soll dir etwas ausrichten!\" Wieder trat eine Pause ein. Als Honey auch diesmal nicht reagierte, trat Fernanda näher und hob einen Zeigefinger. \"Du sollst die Box von Loves Pferd säubern und wenn du das\", sie deutete auf den Teller, \"nicht isst, bin ich befugt dir Strafarbeiten zu geben.\" Sie lächelte triumphierend. Honey jedoch fühlte sich in keinem Maße unterworfen. Was für eine dumme Gans, dachte sie. Mit möglichst arroganter Mimik zog Honey die Brauen hoch und fragte: \"Sonst noch was?\" Fernanda schüttelte selbstsicher den Kopf und verließ den Raum. Honey verdrehte die Augen und wand sich wieder dem Spiegel zu. Sie nahm ihre Haare zurück und knotete sie mit einem Band zusammen, welches sie ums Handgelenk trug. Die Mädchen und Frauen im Pueblo trugen die Zöpfe stets unten zusammengebunden. Honey jedoch fand es schöner, die Haare weiter oben zu tragen. Als Fernandas Schritte verklungen waren, ging sie zum Schreibtisch, trank das Glas leer und nahm den gefüllten Teller vom Schreibtisch. Damit verließ sie den Raum. Auf dem Weg durch den Flur begegnete Honey mehreren Soldaten, doch sie tat, als würde sie ihre Blicke nicht spüren. Ohne weitere Aufmerksamkeit zu erregen, huschte sie die Treppe zum Verließ hinunter. Der bewachende Soldat kam ihr entgegen. \"Du schon wieder\", sagte er drohend. Schnell entgegnete Honey: \"Er soll das hier essen.\" Der Soldat lachte freudlos auf. \"Sagt wer?\" \"Captain Harrison Love.\" Er zog die Stirn kraus. \"Du lügst mich wohl an, was? Ich werde diesem Gefangenen kein Festmahl servieren.\" Honey zuckte die Schultern und sagte gespielt leichthin: \"Na gut. Wenn der Gefangene verhungert, weiß der Captain sicher, wo er Sie findet.\" Sie machte kehrt. \"Warte!\", rief der Soldat aufgebracht, \"Und wie, sagt der Hauptmann, soll ich das anstellen? Ihm vielleicht die Fesseln abnehmen?\" \"Also als Erstes\", erwiderte Honey ruhig, \"sollten Sie die Verließtür öffnen.\" Der Soldat sah beunruhigt aus, dann nickte er und zog einen Schlüssel hervor, mit dem er die Tür aufschloss. Beim Knirschen des Tores richtete der Bandit sich auf, als würde er aus einer Trance erwachen. Honey ging, innerlich ebenso beunruhigt wie der Soldat, aber äußerlich selbstsicher, in Richtung Tür. Bevor sie in die Zelle trat, hielt der Soldat sie zurück. \"Was ist?\", fragte sie zuckersüß, \"Wollen Sie ihn füttern?\" Der Soldat biss die Zähne zusammen und ließ Honey durch. Eine leichte Gestankwelle schlug Honey entgegen, doch sie trat langsam auf den Mann zu. Erst, als einen Meter vor ihm stand und ihm besorgt ins Gesicht sah, schien er sie zu bemerken. \"Hier\", sagte sie und hielt ihm den Pfirsich an die Lippen. Der Mann schnappte danach und kaute dann wie ein Verrückter. Während Honey ihm weiter den Pfirsich hinhielt, meinte der Soldat von außen eher zu sich selbst als zu Honey: \"Ich verstehe das nicht. Das macht er sonst doch auch nicht ... Vielleicht gibt es jetzt Neuerdings ein letztes Mahl ...\" Honey sah auf. \"Ein letztes was?\" \"Ein letztes Mahl ... Du verstehst schon ... vor der Hinrichtung.\" Honey richtete sich auf und vergaß, dem Dieb den Pfirsich hinzuhalten. \"Vor der was?\" \"Der Hinrichtung!\" \"Er wird hingerichtet?\" Honey sah erschrocken den Mann an, der vor ihr kniete. Sein Gesicht war hart wie Stein. Irgendwas in Honey schien zu reißen, sie konnte ihm nicht in die Augen sehen. Sie ging hastig aus der Zelle und drückte dem völlig verdutzten Soldaten das Brot und den darauf liegenden Käse sowie die Traubenrebe in die Hand. Mit dem leeren Teller stürmte sie die Treppe hoch und ging in die Küche. \"Fertig\", fragte Fernanda betonungslos, ohne von den Kartoffel aufzusehen, die sie schälte. \"Ja\", sagte Honey, noch etwas außer Atem und stellte den Teller auf den Tisch. \"Na dann ... Mach dich an die Arbeit. Die Pferdeställe sind ja nicht zu übersehen. Loves Box ist die Hinterste. Wenn du dich nicht völlig hirnlos anstellst, wirst du sie finden.\" Ohne Kommentar ging Honey aus der Küche und sah sich um. Sie hatte keinen blassen Schimmer wo die Pferdeställe waren, und trotzdem lief sie planlos geradeaus. Die Tür, die auf den Hof führte, wurde von einem Soldaten bewacht. Als Honey gedankenverloren einen Schritt hinaus trat, stellte sich ihr jedoch niemand in den Weg. Als ihr das auffiel, wendete sie sich um. Der Soldat sah sie gelangweilt an. Honey warf ihm einen fragenden Blick zu, sprach aber nicht. Etwas irritiert ließ sie ihren Blick über den sonnenbeschienenen Hof gleiten. Mehrere Pferde waren vor einem länglichen Haus, gegenüber der Kaserne angebunden. Mit einem vorsichtigen Blick auf den Soldaten setzte Honey sich in Bewegung, doch keiner hielt sie auf. Sie lief nicht quer über den Platz, auf dem Diener und Soldaten mit Tabletten und Pferden entlangliefen, sondern hielt sich schüchtern am Rand. Nach einigen Metern spürte sie ein unangenehmes Stechen in der Magengegend. Wie lange hatte sie eigentlich nicht mehr gegessen? Sie ignorierte den Schmerz und lief weiter. Keiner beachtete sie, als sie im Schatten der Mauer zum Stall ging. Der Stall war niedrig, es roch nach Heu und die Pferde machten unruhige Geräusche. Und doch wirkte der Raum majestätisch, mit den parallel angebrachten Boxen, den Malereien und teuren Satteln an der Wand und den verzierten Holzsäulen. Die hinterste Box ... links oder rechts? Honey lief durch den Stall, sich umsehend. Am anderen Ende blieb sie stehen. Beide Boxen waren leer, über dem Tor der einen hing ein Sattel mit Leder und einem Unterleger aus Gepardenfell. \"Wessen Box suchst du?\", ertönte es plötzlich ohne Begrüßung vom Eingang des Stalls. Honey fuhr herum. Jesse, uniformiert, ein Pferd am Zügel führend, kam in den Raum. Er führte das Pferd in eine Box schräg gegenüber von Honey. \"Loves Box. D-Die Box von seinem Pferd\", sagte Honey und kam sich nicht unsicher vor. Sie dachte stets an die Zelle ... Jesse lachte, während er das Pferd absattelte. \"Ihm gehören beide, die Linke und die Rechte.\" \"Ah ...\", meinte Honey abwesend und machte nichts. Jesse sah sie stirnrunzelnd an. \"Sollst du sie reinigen?\" Honey nickte und ihr fiel ein, warum sie hier war. Sie sah sich nach einer Heugabel um. Direkt hinter ihr an der Wand hingen mehrere Werkzeuge. Honey machte sich an die Arbeit, das Heu der linken Box zu säubern. Jesse sagte nichts mehr. Honey versuchte sich mit der Arbeit abzulenken. Doch sie heilt es nicht aus. Energisch ließ sie die Heugabel ins Heu fallen und meinte: \"Er will ihn hinrichten lassen!\" Sie konnte Jesse nicht sehen, der zwei Boxen nebenan arbeitete. \"Wen?\", fragte er. Als Honey nicht sofort antwortete, schien es ihm selbst einzufallen. \"Den Dieb?\" \"Ja!\", sagte Honey laut und verzweifelt. \"Ja... will er\", stellte Jesse unbetroffen fest \"Das ist seine Arbeit.\" \"Menschen hinrichten zu lassen?\" \"Verbrecher zu bestrafen.\" Honey lief wütend aus der Box und ging zu Jesse. Er striegelte das braune Pferd vor sich. \"Das ist unmenschlich.\" Jesse zuckte mit den Schultern ohne Honey anzusehen. \"Ja, vielleicht ist es das ... Aber er hat schließlich gestohlen, oder? Und er soll Love angegriffen haben. Dann ist er selber Schuld.\" \"Ich würde ihn auch wirklich gerne angreifen!\", rief Honey zornig. \"Das solltest du lieber lassen ...\", erwiderte Jesse leichthin. Honey seufzte und lehnte sich an eine Holzsäule. Sie sah auf Jesses Degen. Nach einer Weile schien Jesse ihr Blick unangenehm zu werden. Er sah sie an. \"Sie wollen so sein wie er, oder?\" Jesse zuckte nachdenklich die Schultern. \"Er ist ein guter Soldat. Hast du ihn fechten gesehen? Er fechtet wie kein anderer. Er schießt auf zweihundert Meter Entfernung. Und wenn er sich zu einem Zweikampf herablässt, sitzen seine Schläge in der Regel.\" Honey blickte ihn kurz an. \"Ich weiß\", sagte sie ruhig und ging zurück in Loves Box. Jesse blickte auf die Schramme in ihrem Gesicht, als sie vorbeiging. \"Es tut mir Leid. Ich sollte nicht ... Hat er dir das angetan?\" Honey schwieg und man hörte nur die Heugabel durchs Heu und über den Boden kratzen. Sie wechselten keine Worte mehr, bis Jesse irgendwann den Stall verließ und Honey allein zurückließ. Love trug keine Uniform, sondern eine noble, dunkelblaue Hose kombiniert mit einem weißen Hemd. Als Honey eintrat stand er vor dem Spiegel und zupfte das krawattenähnliche Tuch zurecht, welches er um den Kragen gelegt hatte. Sie blieb kurz im Türrahmen stehen und musterte ihn. Mit möglichst wenig abfälligem Blick trat sie ein, schloss die Tür hinter sich und ging unsicher zum Schreibtisch. Sie ließ sich auf dem Stuhl nieder und sah Loves Rücken an. Ihre Blicke trafen sich im Spiegel. \"Ich nehme an, die Ställe sind sauber.\" Honey nickte und sah dann aus dem Fenster. Ihr Magen schmerzte nach wie vor. Ohne besondere Betonung sagte Love: \"Und ich nehme an alle Gefangenen sind gefüttert.\" Honeys Blick fuhr herum. Love sah sie im Spiegel ernst an. \"Du hast dir großen Ärger eingehandelt.\" Die Bedrohung, die von seiner Stimmung ausging, war nicht zu überhören, auch wenn er nach wie vor konzentriert sein Tuch richtete. \"Das Essen nicht gegessen, es vergeudet, es einem Gefangenen gegeben, dir unerlaubt Zutritt zu seiner Zelle verschafft, einen meiner Soldaten belogen, dazu in meinem Namen und mit allem auch noch meinen Ruf in Gefahr gebracht!\" Er ließ von seinem Tuch ab und drehte sich um. Seine Lippen bebten, seine Nasenflügel waren gebläht und seine blauen Augen glänzten zornig. \"Und da Worte bei dir nichts auszurichten scheinen, muss ich anders vorgehen.\" Honey sah auf, wohl in der Erwartung, er würde sich auf sie stürzen. Doch Love blieb wo er war und stand ein kaltes, böses Lächeln in seinem Gesicht. \"Unser Freund dort unten sollte morgen hingerichtet werden. Ich glaube, er hat sich schon darauf gefreut ...\", sagte Love nachdenklich, \"Ein Schuss. Vielleicht zwei. Aber ich habe mir überlegt, dass ich ihn vielleicht noch ein, zwei Wochen warten lasse. Außerdem gibt es Methoden, eine Hinrichtung in die Länge zu ziehen. Bis es soweit ist, kannst du ihm das Essen bringen, das scheint dir ja zu gefallen.\" Honey stand auf. Sie sah schweigend auf Loves Brust und trat einen Schritt näher zu ihm. \"Wenn Sie das machen ...\" Sie schloss die Augen. \"Ich will ein Duell.\" Love zog die Brauen hoch. \"Ein was?\" \"Ein Duell.\" Er sah völlig irritiert drein. \"Was? Was für ein Duell?\" Die Spannung der Situation war gefallen, Honey sah sich um und ihr Blick traf auf Loves Schwert. \"Mit Degen. Ein ... Degenduell?\" \"Einen Degenkampf?\" Love sah Honey an, als wäre sie eine Verrückte. Sie nickte hastig. \"Und wenn ich gewinne ... der Mann unten ... dann überlegen Sie sich das.\" Love starrte sie an. Nach einer kurzen Pause fragte er verständnislos: \"Und wenn ich gewinne? Bekomme ich dann ein Geschenk?\" Honey schien aus dem Konzept gebracht. \"Was- Alles was Sie wollen ...?\", stellte sie fragend fest. Sie verstand nicht. Love fragte sich, ob sie den Verstand verloren hatte. Degenkämpfe waren sozusagen sein Beruf. Sie konnte doch nicht wirklich glauben, etwas erreichen zu können. \"Wir können nicht-\", begann er. In diesem Moment ging Honey an ihm vorbei zu seinem Waffengürtel und zog seinen Degen aus der Halterung. Sie fuhr damit herum, sodass sie Love fast mit der Spitze über den Bauch fuhr, dann stürzte sie über das Bett aus dem Zimmer. Love stieß einen Wutschrei aus und setzte hinterher. Im Rennen zog er einen alten Degen rabiat von der Wand, der als Dekoration gedacht war. Dadurch verlor er an Zeit. Honey war die Treppe hinunter in den Eingangsflur der Kaserne gerannt, doch sie floh nicht. Möglichst wenig Aufmerksamkeit erregend ging sie rasch zu der Halle, in der sie Love schießen gesehen hatte. Als sie die Tür zur Halle erreichte, stieß Love in den Flur. Sie zog die Tür rasch und verschwand in der Halle. Love hastete hinterher. Als er die Halle erreichte, sah er Honey nicht. Sie musste hinter einer der Säulen stehen. Zornig ging Love zwischen den Säulen umher. Sie waren kaum breit genug um einen menschlichen Körper zu verdecken. Und da, tatsächlich, hinter der vorletzten Säule bewegte sich jemand. Honey versuchte anhand seiner Schritte um die Säule herumzugehen. Er kam in ihre Richtung, auf der linken Seite der Halle. Langsam schlich sie auf die Rechte Seite der Säule und lehnte sich still dagegen. Die Schritte verstummten. In dem Moment, in dem sie, aus Angst er könne sie hören, die Luft anhielt, schoss eine Hand hinter der Säule hervor und griff um Honeys Hals. Love war mit einem Schritt vor ihr, die Hand fest um ihren Hals. Doch er würgte sie nicht, sondern schubste sie mit einer kraftvollen Bewegung. Honey fiel zu Boden und blieb kurz halb sitzend dort. \"Du\", sagte Love schwer atmend, \"willst also einen Degenkampf?\" Honey rappelte sich auf und streckte den Arm, welcher den Degen hielt, herausfordernd aus. Sie hatte sozusagen nie zuvor einen Degen in den Händen gehalten. Love schüttelte ratlos den Kopf und richtete sich auf, wie er es stets vor einem Kampf tat. Perfekte Körperhaltung- und spannung waren entscheident. Allerdings schien das hier kaum wichtig zu sein. Plötzlich stieß Honey hervor, schlug mit ihrem Degen unbeholfen gegen Loves Degen, was zwar nichts brachte, aber die Distanz zwischen ihnen verringerte. Gleichzeitig trat sie Love mit dem Knie in die Magengegend und wich dann schnell zurück. Er stieß wutentbrannt mit dem Degen vor, täuschte einen Schlag aber nur an. Honey streckte sich hilflos verteidigend den Degen aus und gab Love so die Möglichkeit, sie mit einem richtigen Schlag zu entwaffnen. Der Degen fiel klirrend zu Boden. Love jedoch, immer noch wütend, fuhr noch mit dem selben Degenschwung nach vorn. Einen Moment zuckte seine linke Hand, zur Faust geballt. In einem richtigen Duell hätte er seinem Gegner jetzt einen Faustschlag in den Magen verpasst. In einem richtigen Duell. Doch Honey schien ihr Degenverlust nichts auszumachen. Sie versuchte mit beiden Händen, Love schwungvoll nach hinten zu schubsen, was ihr natürlich nur ansatzweise gelang. Love, sich reflexartig selbstverteidigend, stieß Honey gewaltsam zurück. Sie prallte gegen die Wand, fiel zu Boden und blieb vor Schmerz keuchend liegen. Langsam beruhigte Love sich, während er wütend und verwundert auf das geschwächte Mädchen sah. Honey kroch zu dem Degen, den sie verloren hatte, nahm ihn und richtete sich auf. Loves Degen lag locker in seiner Hand. Einen Moment zu spät ahnte er, dass Honey ihm den Degen aus der Hand stoßen wollen würde. Sie versuchte es, verfehlte aber den Degen und traf stattdessen seine Hand, auf der augenblicklich eine tiefe Schnittwunde blutete. Völlig erschrocken sah Honey auf die Verletzung. \"Oh Gott, das tut mir Lei-\" In diesem Moment flog die Tür zur Halle auf. Mehrere Soldaten, mit gezückter Pistole stürzten in den Raum. Love jedoch sah nur Honey, die zerzaust und außer Atmen mit ausgestrecktem Degen dastand, denn die Säulen verdeckten das Bild. Ein Schuss ertönte. Honey brach zusammen. Love trat vor, als zwei Soldaten zu der am Boden liegenden Honey stürzten und ihre Arme fest auf den Grund drückten. Sie wand sich, jedoch nicht um sich loszumachen, sondern vor Schmerz. Einer der Soldaten presste seine Hand auf ihren Mund. \"Sir?\", fragte der Soldat, der geschossen hatte, erschrocken. Rauch stieg aus seiner Waffe. \"Weg von ihr!\", schrie Love die Soldaten an, die überflüssiger Weise Honey zu Boden drückten. Die Soldaten machten rasch Platz. Love fiel schwer atmend vor Honey auf die Knie und besah ihre Wunde. Die Kugel war tief in Honeys Oberschenkel eingedrungen, hatte aber den Knochen verfehlt. Blut rann über ihre Haut. Honeys Augen waren zur Hälfte geöffnet, sie schien Love nur indirekt wahrzunehmen. Sie stieß bei jedem Atemzug ein erbärmlich quiekendes Geräusch aus. \"Holen Sie einen Arzt\", befahl Love. Die Soldaten, erschrocken, zögerten. \"Holen Sie einen Arzt!\", brüllte Love, stand auf und sah seine Männer wutentbrannt an. Zwei der Soldaten rannten aus der Halle. Love sah ihnen hinterher, scheinbar verwundert und ungehalten über sich selber. Er holte tief Luft und wurde ruhiger. Er würde sich nicht wegen dieses Mädchens aufregen. \"Wir haben Degenklirren und einen Schrei gehört, Sir. Sind Sie verletzt?\", fragte der Soldat, der geschossen hatte. Love sah kurz auf seine Hand. \"Nicht der Rede wert. Und gegen ein kleines Mädchen kann ich mich auch allein verteidigen.\" Honey keuchte, als sie versuchte, sich auf die Seite zu rollen. \"Bringen Sie Morphium.\" Der Soldat eilte nickend davon. Love ging einen Schritt näher an das stöhnende Mädchen heran und besah sie. Sein Blick war kalt und desinteressiert, und genauso versuchte er auch sein Inneres zu stimmen. Er hatte genug über Mitleid gelernt. Mit der Stiefelspitze drehte er sie von der Seite zurück auf den Rücken. Sie keuchte erneut. Es war ihre eigene Schuld. Die Tür zur Halle wurde erneut geöffnet, und alle drei Soldaten traten ein, gefolgt von einem Padre. Der Mönch lief zu Honey und kniete neben ihr nieder. \"Sauberer Einschuss, keine Knochenverletzung\", sagte Love nüchtern. Der Padre sah ihn kurz an, dann nickte er. \"Darf ich\", er streckte die Hand aus, ein Soldat gab ihm eine Spritze. Der Padre setze sie mehrere Zentimeter oberhalb der Schusswunde an und gab Honey die Injektion. Kurz darauf war sie nicht mehr bei Bewusstsein. \"Ich werde die Wunde säubern und die Kugel entnehmen. In meinem Hospitalzimmer.\" Love nickte. \"In Ordnung.\" Die Soldaten trugen Honey aus der Halle, der Padre verlangsamte seine Schritte. \"Wünschen Sie sie zu sehen, wenn sie wach ist?\" \"Ich wünsche, Nachricht zu erhalten.\" \"Ich verstehe.\" Der Padre schien noch etwas sagen oder Fragen zu wollen, schwieg aber. Love wusste, was er wissen wollte. Aber er hatte keine Lust, sich Gedanken über Rechtfertigung zu machen, also verließ er die Halle schweigend. \"Wie geht es ihr?\" \"Schlecht. So eine Wunde heilt nicht in zwei Tagen. Aber Sie hat nach Ihnen gefragt.\" \"Ah. Tatsächlich\", meinte Love distanziert. Der Padre führte ihn durch einen Seitengang der Kirche. Vor einer braunen, massiven Holztür blieb er stehen. \"Ja. Sie wollte wissen ... wie es Ihnen geht.\" Love hob die Brauen. \"Wie es mir geht?\" \"Ja\", antwortete der Padre ruhig. \"Wie es ihrer Hand geht.\" Love sah auf seine Hände, als würden sie ihm sagen, was gemeint war. Dann fiel es ihm ein. \"Verstehe. Lassen Sie mich nun hinein oder nicht?\" Der Padre öffnete die Tür, stellte sich jedoch zur Seite und ließ Love allein eintreten. Love schloss die Tür hinter sich. Die Kleine lag auf einem Bett, direkt neben dem Fenster des winzigen Zimmers. Sie war zugedeckt und hatte die Augen geschlossen. Love trat an ihr Bett heran, wofür er nur zwei kleine Schritte benötigte. Schließlich setzte er sich auf einen Stuhl, direkt am Kopfende des Bettes. Honey schien etwas zu hören und öffnete schwach die Augen. Als sie Love sah, blickte sie ihn einen Moment ausdruckslos an. Dann sah sie auf seinen Schoß, wo seine Hände lagen. Sie blinzelte schwer und müde. \"Ist ... alles in Ordnung?\", fragte sie langsam, mit rauer Stimme. \"Das fragst du mich?\" \"Es tut mir Leid.\" \"Was?\" \"Na ... dass ich Sie verletzt habe.\" Love blickte sie schmunzelnd an. Die Schnittwunde auf seiner Hand hatte er am Abend vor zwei Tagen bereits vergessen gehabt. \"So etwas kommt bei Kämpfen gelegentlich vor.\" Als er sah, dass sich lächelte, dann aber kurz zuckte, wurde er ernst. \"Hast du Schmerzen?\" \"Nein\", krächzte sie schwach. Love zog die Brauen hoch. \"Ich sage ihm, er soll dir mehr Schmerzmittel geben. Was sollte es, dir einen Degen zu nehmen und vor mir damit herumzufuchteln?\" Honey sah mit einem Blick zur Seite, der eindeutig verriet, dass sie es nicht ohne Grund getan hatte. \"Liegt an der Familie.\" \"Hang zum Suizid?\" \"Zur Töricht.\" \"Warum? Dachtest du, du würdest mich besiegen?\" Honey lachte schwach. \"Nein. Ich habe niemals ein Schwert in der Hand gehalten. Und selbst wenn ...\" Sie lächelte Love erschöpft an, auf eine Weise, auf die sie es nie getan hatte. Sie gestand ein, dass sie vollkommen unterlegen war, ohne ihren Stolz aufzugeben. \"Ich dachte nur ... vielleicht wären Sie zufrieden, wenn ...\" Sie unterbrach sich. \"Ja?\", fragte Love. Doch Honey lag mit geschlossenen Augen, müde wirkend da, ohne sichtliche Ambitionen, zu antworten. \"Padre\", rief Love. Schritte waren zu hören. \"Ich glaube sie braucht mehr Morphium.\" \"Ich glaube sie braucht Ruhe.\" \"Wie bitte?\", fragte Love und sah den Padre an, der zwei Schritte in den Raum getreten war und die Arme in die Hüften gestützt hatte. \"Zuviel Schmerzmittel ist nicht gut für sie. Was sie braucht, ist absolute Ruhe.\" \"Die hat sie\", sagte Love mit drohendem Unterton. \"Ich meine auch in Zukunft. Solche ... Unfälle, bei denen Schusswunden entstehen, sollten nicht allzu oft passieren.\" \"Das liegt wohl eher außerhalb ihres Sorgenfeldes.\" \"Nun ja, schließlich liegt das verletzte und ausgehungerte Mädchen im Moment in meiner Kirche.\" \"Damit Sie sie gesundpflegen\", sagte Love mit verengten Augen. \"Das tue ich. Meine einzige Sorge ist, dass sie in dem Revier, in dem sie sich noch vor einiger Zeit befand, wohl weiterhin Gefahren ausgesetzt sein wird.\" Love stand auf und richtete sich zu voller Größe auf. Er war einen Kopf größer als der korpulent gebaute Padre. \"Was wollen Sie damit sagen?\" \"Mir geht's gut\", nuschelte Honey vom Bett aus. Keiner der Männer beachtete sie. \"Ich will damit sagen, dass eine Kaserne nicht der richtige Platz für ein kleines Mädchen ist, zumindest nicht, wenn man nicht gebührlich mit ihr umgeht.\" Love hob den Zeigefinger und richtete ihn auf den Padre, so dass er fast dessen Brust berührte. \"Wollen Sie sagen, ich ginge nicht gebührlich mit ihr um? Wollen Sie meinen Ruf in Frage stellen?\" \"Padre Phillipe\", warf Honey sehr leise ein. Sie wurde nicht beachtet. \"Nein, Captain, im Gegenteil; Es passt gut zu meinem Eindruck von ihrem Ruf.\" Captain Love riss die Augen auf, doch innerhalb einer halben Sekunde hatte er sich unter Kontrolle. Er trat ganz nah an den Padre heran. \"An Ihrer Stelle\", sagte er, \"wäre ich nicht so voreilig. 'Du sollst nicht falsches Zeugnis reden', spricht Gott, wenn ich mich nicht irre.\" \"'Du sollst nicht töten'\", kam Honey dünne und raue Stimme von hinten. Love fuhr herum. \"Du hälst den Mund, verstanden?\", befahl er. \"Sie ist nicht einer Ihrer Soldaten.\" \"SIR! Sie haben mich Sir zu nennen!\", fuhr Love den Padre, jetzt wirklich zornig, an. Der Padre blickte nur wütend zurück. Love stand einen Moment da, dann fuhr er herum und zog Honey in einem Ruck die Decke von den Beinen. Er beachtete den leicht blutigen Verband um ihr Bein nicht, sondern griff um ihren Arm und zog sie rasch, wenn auch bedacht, auf die Beine. Mit einem wackeligen Schritt auf dem unverletzten Bein humpelte Honey auf Love zu. \"Danke für Ihre Dienste\", zischte Love und zog Honey mit sich hinaus. Honeys erster Versuch, schrittzuhalten, misslang, da ihr Bein einknickte, als sie sich darauf stützen wollte. Love stützte sie sofort, in dem er sie an beiden Armen fasste. Doch rasch zog er sie weiter. Honey drehte sich um. \"Lassen Sie das Kind hier! Sie ist noch nicht regeneriert!\" Love ignorierte ihn. Der Padre griff an Loves Schulter und zog ihn etwas zurück. Love seinerseits stellte Honey ruckartig ab und drehte sich dem Padre zu. \"Ich empfehle Ihnen nicht\", sagte er ruhig und voller Drohung, \"sich mit mir anzulegen.\" Die Männer, der Mönch und der Soldat, standen sich einen Moment hasserfüllt gegenüber. Dann drehte sich der alte Padre um, Honey vorher einen traurigen Blick zuwerfend. Love sah ihm kurz hinterher. Dann nahm er Honey wieder am Arm und zog sie durch die Sitzreihen des Kirchenschiffs in Richtung Ausgangsportal. \"Ich kann doch jetzt nicht hier raus\", warf Honey ein und wehrte sich. Sie blieb stehen, wurde weitergerissen, so dass sie gegen Love stolperte. Der stieß wütend Atem aus. Seine Wut war keinesfalls abgeklungen. Er stellte sich direkt vor Honey, hielt sie an beiden Armen fest und blickte in ihre Augen. \"Du machst, was ich dir sage, oder du kommst zurück in die Zelle!\" \"Wollen Sie damit drohen?\" \"Nein, ich will damit sagen, dass die Zelle leer ist, wenn du verstehst, was ich meine!\", sagte er und ein überlegenes, diabolisches Lächeln spielte auf seinem Gesicht, was den wütenden Ausdruck nicht minderte. Honeys Widerstand brach zusammen. Sie ließ locker. \"W-Was?\", fragte sie mit einem Zittern in der Stimme. Love genoss ihre Angst. \"Unser Freund hat sie extra für dich leer geräumt und alle seine Habseligkeiten mitgenommen, einschließlich\", Love drückte fest um Honeys Arme, \"seines dreckigen Körpers! Also komm jetzt mit!\", rief er und riss Honey mit sich. Sie, völlig versunken, stolperte erneut und stieß hart mit dem Bein gegen eine Sitzbank. Sie keuchte unbeabsichtigt. Love drehte sich um und ließ sie überrascht los. Obwohl Love direkt vor ihr stand, stütze sie sich gegen die Bank, schwer atmend und sank etwas zusammen. Sie griff sich schmerzerfüllt an das verwundete Bein. \"Du-\", wollte Love fortfahren, doch sein Lächeln schwand, \"Jetzt reiß dich endlich mal zusammen! Ich habe schon weitaus schlimmere Verletzungen gesehen!\" \"Sie haben ihn umgebracht!\", rief Honey keuchend. Love sah sich in der Kirche um, obwohl keiner da war, der lauschen könnte. \"Eigentlich war es eher das Erschießungskommando.\" Love wollte Honey hoch helfen, doch sie wich aus. \"Fassen Sie mich nicht an\", zischte sie. Love hob die Hände. \"Beweg dich\", sagte er kalt, zog sie leicht nach vorne und hob sie so hoch, dass er sie wie ein Baby in den Armen trug. Sie drückte schwach gegen seine Schulter. \"Hey!\" \"Hör auf damit\", sagte er, nicht mal ansatzweise wankend, und trug das Mädchen aus der Kirche. Love hatte es nicht nötig gehabt, zurückzublicken, denn er wusste, dass sie ihm folgen würde. Als sie den Kasernenhof betraten und Love sah, wer auf die beiden zueilte, wünschte er sich jedoch, sie wäre ihm nicht hinterhergekommen. \"Mädchen! Honey!\", zischte er leise, ohne sich zu ihr umzudrehen. \"Geh! Geh sofort we-\", begann Love, doch es war zu spät. Don Rafael Montero hatte Love bereits direkt ins Auge gefasst. \"Captain, ich habe nach Ihnen gesucht.\" \"Das tut mir Leid, Don Montero. Ich war unterwegs.\" \"Ich war ohnehin auf dem weg runter zur Garnison. Ich wollte Sie bitten, das hier zu überprüfen. Ich gebe es Ihnen persönlich, weil es von allergrößter Bedeutung ist. Außerdem hörte ich, meine Tochter liefe hier irgendwo umher, auf der Suche nach einer Möglichkeit, auf dem Gelände zu reiten.\" \"Ich kann ein Pferd für sie bereitstellen lassen.\" \"Das wäre sehr nett von Ihnen. Hier. Ich denke ...\", er warf dem Mädchen einen kurzen Blick zu, das Love endlich erreicht hatte und sich unaufällig hinter ihm hielt., \"Sie schaffen das bis morgen früh?\" \"Sicher. Danke\", sagte Love und nahm, sich kurz zu Honey umsehend, die Dokumente entgegen. Monteros Blick fiel auf Honeys Bein. \"Was ist denn mit dir passiert, Kind?\" Honey sah hinunter, dann schnell zu Love. Dieser blickte sie wie eingefroren an. \"Ich ... habe ... ein Unfall. Ein ... Überfall. Ich wurde ... verletzt. Sir\", fügte sie an. \"Tatsächlich?\", fragte Montero erstaunt, \"Ein Überfall?\" Honey nickte. \"Verbrecher treiben sich wirklich überall herum. Captain, ich nehme an Sie regeln das. Das Vertrauen in dieser Hinsicht haben Sie sich in letzter Zeit ja erarbeitet.\" Jetzt nickte Love. \"Nun dann. Bis auf weiteres einen schönen Tag, Captain Love\", sagte Montero und schritt an Love vorbei. Honey knickste überhöflich, als Montero sie passierte. Er bemerkte den leichten Spott nicht, sondern blieb kurz beinahe interessiert stehen. \"Wie war doch gleich dein Name?\" \"Honey Duval.\" Montero lächelte erhaben und nickte Honey zu. \"Sehr erfreut\", sagte er, neigte den Kopf und stolzierte davon. Als er gegangen war, spürte Honey Loves Blick auf sich ruhen. Sie sah ihn an. \"War das ... Das war doch ... Was ist?\", fragte sie aus dem Konzept gebracht. \"Du lügst hervorragend\", stellte Love nüchtern fest. \"Ich ... Ich hab das nicht für mich getan!\", rechtfertigte sich Honey. \"Ich weiß. Das meine ich nicht\", er sagte es nicht, aber man sah ihm an, dass er erleichtert war. \"Hervorragende Namensimprovisation.\" \"Oh ...\", Honey sah ihn zweifelnd an, \"Das war keine Improvisation. Mein Name ist Duval. Eigentlich. Mein Vater hieß so.\" \"Dein Vater? Der Säufer?\", fragte Love gefühlslos und setzte sich langsam in Bewegung. Sie starrte ihn aufgebracht an. \"Du hattest erwähnt, dass er getrunken hat.\" \"Alle trinken, oder?\" Love neigte den Kopf. \"Nun, Säufer ...\" \"Eigentlich ein Soldat\", unterbrach Honey ihn. Love lachte. \"Du willst mich wohl zum Narren halten.\" \"Nein. Er war Soldat. Bis er irgendwas angestellt hat, ich weiß nicht genau ...\" \"Ein Deserteur. Zwei Diebe und ein Deserteur. Du hast vielleicht eine Familie. Und deine Mutter war ... Was war sie doch gleich?\" Sie waren in den Flur eingebogen und gingen auf die Treppe zu. Honey sah stur nach Vorne. Sie wusste dass die Frage nur provozierend gemeint war, Love kannte die Antwort bereits. \"Was war sie doch gleich?\", wiederholte Love. Honey blieb vor der Treppe stehen und sah zu Love hoch. \"Eine Hure.\" \"Ach so\", spielte Love und stieg die Treppe hoch. Honey trat mit einem Bein auf die erste Stufe und zog das verwundete Bein mühsam hinterher. Love, verwundert, wo Honey blieb, drehte sich um. Als er sah, wie sie sich abmühte, steig er wieder hinunter und hob Honey erneut hoch, sodass er den linken Arm unter ihre Beine legte, den rechten unter ihren Rücken. Sie wehrte sich nicht, sondern versuchte, so wenig wie möglich mit seinem Körper in Berührung zu kommen. Oben angekommen setzte Love sie ab. Er schloss die Tür seines Schlafzimmers auf und ließ Honey vor sich eintreten. Als er ihren immernoch zornigen Blick sah, meinte er: \"Es ist nicht so dass ich das schlecht finde ... Huren haben ihre Vorteile. Aber sag mir - wie kannst du denn so genau wissen, wer dein Vater war?\" \"Er hat mich großgezogen\", sagte Honey leise. \"Aha. Er hat deiner Mutter und dir für eure Dienste Geld zugeschoben.\" \"Für unsere Dienste?\" \"Nun ja, ihr-\" \"Meine Mutter\", sagte Honey und stellte sich zornig und herausfordernd vor Love, \"Ist bei meiner Geburt gestorben.\" Love sah auf sie hinab. \"Ist ja gut. Ich wollte dich nicht beleidigen\", sagte er herablassend lächelnd. Honey schwieg. Love ging zum Schreibtisch, legte die Dokumente, die Montero ihm gegeben hatte darauf ab und zog seine gelben Uniformhandschuhe aus. \"Dann solltest du männliche Autorität doch eigentlich gewohnt sein, aber... anscheinend konnte dich noch niemand zähmen.\" Es klang wie eine Drohung. \"Bis jetzt waren die Männer, die ich getroffen habe, keine guten Vorbilder.\" \"Ich denke, da stimme ich dir ausnahmsweise mal zu.\" Er blickte Honey einen Moment zu lang und zu ausdruckslos an. Dann kam wieder Leben in seine Augen und er wandte sich ab. \"Montero war doch einmal Gouverneur\", sagte Honey leise. \"Und er war nicht besonders beliebt.\" \"Das hat dir dein Vater wohl erzählt. Wie verdient man sein Geld denn so, als Deserteur?\" Es war eher eine Beleidigung als eine Frage, doch Honey antwortete: \"Handel. Mit Tabak ... eher ... Schwarzhandel.\" Loves Blick wurde angewidert. Er schüttelte den Kopf und murmelte, zu sich selbst, \"Und so etwas läuft frei herum und zeugt auch noch weitere Banditen.\" \"Ich bin kein Bandit.\" \"Ich meinte auch die beiden Hurensöhne\", sagte Love abfällig, aus dem Fenster starrend. Dann fiel ihm auf, was er gerade gesagt hatte und er blickte Honey an. Sie hätte erklären können, dass Duval die beiden nicht gezeugt hatte, dass er nur ihr Vater sei, doch der Zorn zügelte ihre Zunge. Love fuhr fort: \"Mir wurde früh beigebracht, was es heißt, für Geld zu arbeiten. Mit welchen Leuten man sich einlässt, um etwas aus sich zu machen. Und welche man meidet, oder besser, welche man in Ketten legt.\" Sie war wütend, Love sah es, doch sie stand einfach nur da. \"Das Beste daran ist, dass sich die räudigsten Diebe auch noch für Helden halten, dein Bruder sah sich wohl als Märtyrer an, als er sich abgeknallt hat, er-\", er hielt inne, als er bemerkte, dass seine Worte Honey trafen wie Messerstiche. So klein und kraftlos, doch ihre Augen funkelten. Er lächelte. \"Dein Blick kommt wohl den Schlägen gleich, die dein Bruder mir jetzt verpassen würde\", sagte er, versucht, die Kleine etwas von seinen vorausgegangenen Worten zu entlasten. \"Du darfst dich gerne auf mich stürzen\", sagte er sarkastisch und breitete bemüht freundlich die Arme aus. Honey stand da und starrte ihn einfach nur an, doch gerade, als er die Arme senkte, wollte sich das Mädchen auf ihn stürzen. Sie ging zwei wütende Schritte und brach dann, direkt vor Loves Stuhl, zusammen, als sie das Gewicht zu sehr auf ihre verletztes Bein verlagerte. Keuchend kniete sie zu Loves Füßen. \"Hey\", meinte er unwillkürlich und beugte sich, um ihr hochzuhelfen, doch sie stieß seine Hand weg. \"Nicht-anfassen\", stieß sie aus. \"Ich habe von Murieta gesprochen. Mit dir ist das was anderes.\" Er wollte ihr erneut hochhelfen. \"Sie sollen mich nicht anfassen!\", schrie sie ihn an. Sie atmete schwer, doch nach zwei Sekunden sagte sie ruhiger, schwer atmend, \"falls es Ihnen noch nicht aufgefallen ist, ich\", sie stieß sich mit den Händen vom Boden ab, \"bin auch\", sie rappelte sich auf, \"eine Murieta.\" Love sah zu ihr hoch. Sie hielt seinem Blick nicht stand. Stattdessen drehte sie sich um und wollte zum Bett marschieren, brach jedoch mit dem zweiten Schritt vor dem Bett erneut zusammen. Sie versuchte, sich mit den Händen auf dem Bett aufzustützen, doch ein drittes Mal gab ihr Bein nach. Love beobachtete das Schauspiel mit einer gewissen Kälte. Honey, ihm den Rücken zugewand, gab auf und lehnte den Kopf erschöpft gegen das Bett. \"Ich wette, Alejandro will Sie umbringen.\" \"Das wäre gut möglich, ja\", erwiderte Love trocken. \"Ich hoffe er versucht es nie.\" Ihre Stimme klang müde. \"Sie sind ja förmlich da, um andere zu töten. Hat Sie überhaupt schon mal jemand besiegt?\" Love überlegte einen Moment, ob das ein Kompliment war. \"Kommt vor.\" \"Ich wünschte, ich könnte Sie schlagen. Joaquín rächen. Anstelle von Alejandro. Sie bringen ihn ja doch nur um.\" \"Lass solche Gedanken. Du bist ein junges Mädchen.\" Er stand auf und ging zu ihr, zog sie hoch. Als sie stand zog sie ihren Arm aus seinem Griff und legte sich aufs Bett. Sie zog die Beine an, rollte sich zusammen und versuchte, alles um sich herum zu vergessen. Wenn auch nur für eine Nacht.[Chapter 12] Kapitel 12 - Geküsst Das Geschirr klirrte, als Honey die Töpfe stapelte. Die ganze Küche war erfüllt vom Duft nach frischem Brot. Honey hatte still vor sich hin gearbeitet, doch jetzt trat Fernanda ein. Sie warf Honey einen gehässigen Blick zu. \"Wenn du noch mehr stapelst, machst du sie kaputt. Das wird teuer…\" Honey stellte zwei Töpfe wieder herunter und hoffte, Fernanda würde die Küche schnell wieder verlassen, doch diese ging in die Vorratskammer, holte eine Schüssel Kartoffeln und begann, sie am Tisch zu schälen. \"Und?\", fragte sie, während Honey vorsichtig das Brot aus dem Ofen, in dem Feuerzungen loderten, holte. Honey schloss kurz die Augen. Bitte kein Gespräch. \"Und was\", fragte sie leise. \"Wie geht es uns heute? Hast dir ja eine üble Schussverletzung zugezogen.\" \"Mir geht's gut\", erwiderte Honey knapp. \"Wie ist es denn passiert?\" \"Was?\" \"Die Wunde, Dummchen.\" Honey legte den dampfenden Brotlaib auf den Tisch. \"Ach so. Ein Soldat.\" \"Aus dir bekommt man ja keinen zusammenhängenden Satz. Wie du Love um den Finger wickeln konntest\", murmelte sie. Honey seufzte. \"Weißt du\", sprach Fernanda unbeirrt weiter und schälte unschuldig die Knollen, \"Love kann sich die Frauen aussuchen. Im Prinzip hat er die absolute Wahl, sicher könnte er sogar Senorita Montero haben.\" \"Montero? Hat er eine Tochter?\" \"Ja. Und sie ist die schönste Frau in ganz Kalifornien. Ich denke, er hat ein Auge auf sie geworfen. Aber wie du sicher weißt, hat er zu wenig Zeit, um ihr den Hof zu machen\", sie schmunzelte, \"ich sehe ihm das an.\" Honey verdrehte die Augen. \"Er hat so eine Präsenz, er kann mit jeder Waffe umgehen, er sieht so männlich und zugleich so ... hinreißend aus.\" \"Amen\", flüsterte Honey. Die junge Frau überhörte es in ihrem Redeschwall. \"Nun, trotzdem muss er seine körperlichen Bedürfnisse befriedigen, oder? Aber was treibt ihn zu jemandem wie dir?\" Honey fuhr hoch. \"Wenn Demütigung zu seinen körperlichen Bedürfnissen zählt, dann treibt ihn wohl, dass irgendwo da draußen mein Bruder denkt, dass er mich hier verrecken lässt.\" \"Wie, dein zweiter Bruder treibt sich noch frei herum?\" Honey antwortete nicht, es fühlte sich an, als würde ihr Herz in ihrem Hals schmerzhaft pochen. \"Weißt du, wo er ist?\" \"Nein\", antwortete Honey leise. Eilige Schritte waren im Flur zu hören, jemand kam angerannt. Der junge Soldat namens Jesse strauchelte in den Türrahmen, außer Atem. \"Fernanda! Der Ring wurde gerade fertig gestellt, jetzt treten sie an.\" Fernanda legte ihre Arbeit beiseite. \"Tatsächlich? Wurde auch Zeit!\" Mit diesen Worten stolzierte sie schnellen Schrittes aus dem Raum. Jesse blickte ihr nach, ging jedoch nicht hinterher, da er Honey bemerkt hatte. \"Willst du mitkommen? Im großen Saal haben ein paar Soldaten einen Kampfring aufgebaut, das ist immer ein spannendes Spektakel...\" \"Ich ... weiß nicht\", zögerte Honey. \"Komm, Fernanda ist schließlich auch dort. Ich halte sie alle fern.\" Einen Moment sah er begeistert aus, dann schienen ihm seine Worte plötzlich peinlich. Er wurde rot. \"Es tut mir Leid.\" \"Was?\", fragte Honey. \"Das ich in deiner Gegenwart immer ... so unüberlegte Dinge sage. Wie vor ein paar Tagen, über Love und seine Kraft und ... du weißt schon.\" Honey versuchte, aufmunternd zu lächeln. \"Ist schon gut.\" \"Kommst du also mit?\" Honey fühlte sich, als wäre es unangebracht jetzt abzulehnen. Sie stand mühsam auf und ging hinaus, Jesse ließ ihr den Vortritt. Im Saal hatten sich mehr als drei Dutzend Soldaten versammelt, die alle schreiend, grölend, anfeuernd und buhend im Kreis um etwas herum standen. Durch Lücken zwischen den größtenteils uniformierten Männern hindurch konnte man auf ein rundes Feld sehen, welches durch Sand und etwas Heu markiert war. Darin balgten sich gerade erbittert zwei Freiwillige. Auch ein paar Angestellte waren unter den Zuschauern. Alle schienen begeistert. \"Es geht darum, den Gegner aus dem Ring zu stoßen oder ihn zehn Sekunden auf dem Boden zu halten. Außerdem kann man ihn natürlich zum Kapitulieren bringen, aber das würde hier keiner so schnell schaffen. Wäre eine große Blamage\", erklärte Jesse eifrig, während sich Honey zögernd hinter den Zuschauern hielt. Das kämpfende Paar hob, schubste, schlug und trat sich gegenseitig mit erregtem Kampfgeschrei. Jesse bahnte Honey einen Weg weiter nach vorne, die meisten Soldaten bemerkten sie gar nicht wirklich, da sie wie gebannt dem Kampf folgten und Anfeuerungen schrien. Als Honey nur ein paar Meter vom Kreis entfernt stand, bemerkte sie zu ihrem Entsetzen, dass Captain Love fast genau gegenüber fast direkt am Ring stand und das Geschehen mit verschränkten Armen und erhabenen Lächeln beobachtete. Honey zog sich wieder etwas zurück, sie wollte nicht, dass er sie sah. Ein dumpfer Aufprall war zu hören und die Soldaten stöhnten und jubelten noch lauter. \"Und der Punkt geht an ... Garcia!\", rief einer der Männer. \"So ... wen forderst du, Garcia?\" Die Soldaten riefen Namen als Vorschläge, doch der Mann namens Garcia hob erschöpft die Hände. \"Gut\", rief der kleine Mann, der sich offensichtlich zum Kommentator des Kampfes ernannt hatte, \"wer fordert wen?\" Ein paar Soldaten riefen etwas, doch einer trat selbstbewusst direkt in den Ring. Honey erkannte Pedro. \"Ich fordere!\", rief er. \"Und wen fordere ich ... nun, in letzter Zeit hatte ich das Gefühl, unser junger Jesse würde sich gerne mal mit mir messen!\" Honey blickte erschrocken zu Jesse neben sich, der kleiner und weniger kräftig als Pedro war. \"Jesse Molcada!\", schrie Pedro, \"bist du hier?\" Einige der Soldaten hinter Jesse jubelten zustimmend und drängten Jesse zum Ring. Dieser machte sich los und ging eigenständig hinein. \"Als Einsatz haben wir, nun, ich sage zwei Pesos. Also? Nimmst du an?\" \"Nur, wenn du dich das wirklich traust\", konterte Jesse und erntete Lacher. Das Grinsen auf Pedros Gesicht wurde breiter und er schob seine Ärmel hoch. \"Nunja, eigentlich kämpfe ich nicht gegen Jünglinge und Jungfrauen. Eines davon ist bei dir der Fall ... oder beides? Also, zwei Pesos!\" Die Zuschauer grölten vor Lachen. Jesse antwortete, in dem er die Hände zu Fäusten ballte. Unwillkürlich ging Honey ein paar kleine Schritte nach vorn, als könne sie Schlimmes verhindern. Doch sie lief etwas zu weit. Der Mann in der ranghöchsten Uniform zog die Brauen hoch, als er Honey bemerkte. Love öffnete den Mund, als wolle er etwas sagen, doch in diesem Moment ging der Kampf los. Die beiden Konkurrenten nahmen sich nicht zurück, ihrer beider Zorn schien angestachelt. Pedro ließ die Faust mehrmals kraftvoll nach vorne schwingen, Jesse wich beide Male geschickt aus. Pedro versuchte, Jesse in den Magen zu schlagen. Bei allen Angriffen konnte Jesse sich ducken, zur Seite springen oder sich wegdrehen, jedoch kam er selber nicht zum Angriff. Die Schläge kamen immer schneller und schwungvoller. Schließlich erwischte Pedro ihn im Gesicht. Jesse wurde zur Seite geschleudert, fiel jedoch nicht aus dem Ring. Am Boden liegend trat er Pedro gegen die Beine, so dass dieser hinfiel. Jesse stürzte sich auf Pedro und drückte ihn zu Boden, doch gegen dessen Muskelmasse kam er nicht an. Pedro wendete die Position, sodass er auf Jesse saß. Er schlug ihm ins Gesicht. Honey konnte währenddessen nicht anders: Sie kämpfte sich wankenden Schrittes um den Ring herum durch die Soldaten in Richtung des Mannes, den sie am wenigsten sehen wollte. Love beobachtete sie mit verschränkten Armen, war aber auch vom Kampf abgelenkt und irritiert, als er Honey plötzlich nicht mehr sehen konnte. In diesem Moment tauchte sie neben ihm auf. \"Captain Love!\", rief sie, um gegen die Rufe der Menge anzukommen. Stirnrunzelnd beugte er sich etwas zu ihr. \"Sie müssen dem Einhalt gebieten, er wird ihn noch schwer verletzen!\", sagte sie, woraufhin Blut aus Jesses Nase spritzte. Love warf ihm einen kurzen Blick zu, fixierte dann wieder Honey. Pedro schien nicht genug zu bekommen, er schlug immer weiter zu. Honey rief: \"Stoppen Sie ihn!\" und machte einen Schritt in Richtung Ring. Jesse wand sich schreiend, als Pedro aufstand und ihm in die Seite trat. Love packte Honey an der Schulter und zog sie zurück. \"Also\", sagte er laut und trat einen Schritt nach in den Ring hinein. \"Ich denke, das genügt. Wir haben einen eindeutigen Sieger.\" Die Rufe verstummten, stattdessen klatschten die Männer zustimmend. Pedro ließ grinsend von Jesse ab. Als er Honey bemerkte, stierte er sie kurz offensichtlich an. Jesse stöhnte und versuchte, sich aufzurichten. Zwei Soldaten traten ebenfalls in den Ring und trugen ihn davon. \"Wie sieht es aus, treten Sie erneut an?\", fragte Love Pedro. Gegen ihn wirkte der Captain stattlich, autoritär, wie ein Mann aus höheren Kreisen. Pedro nickte, immer noch zufrieden und breit lächelnd. Er reckte die Fäuste in die Luft und erntete Zurufe. \"Gut!\", sagte Love, wand sich um und zog seinen Uniformrock aus, sodass das weiße Hemd darunter zum Vorschein kam. Er warf den Mantel beiseite und krempelte die Ärmel des sauberen Hemdes hoch. \"Denn dann treten Sie gegen mich an.\" Das Grinsen schwand schlagartig aus Pedros Gesicht. \"Captain\", stotterte er. \"Also?\", fragte Love. Das er jünger als Pedro sein musste, schien überhaupt nichts zu ändern. Der Soldat sah seinen Hauptmann mit solchem Respekt an, dass Honey dachte, er würde zurückweichen. Doch schließlich nickte er. \"Fantastisch\", meinte Love, ging einen Bogen vom Rand des Kreises in die Mitte. Honeys Blick haftete abweisend auf Captain Love. \"Captain?\", meinte der Mann, der schon vorhin moderiert hatte, \"Um was wird gekämpft?\" \"Richtig, mit welchem Einsatz belohnen wir Ihre Bereitwilligkeit?\", fragte Love Pedro grinsend. Love folgte seinem Blick und sah, dass er anscheinend unwillkürlich auf Honey lag. \"Ein Kuss von der Senorita\", meinte Pedro, jetzt schräg lächelnd. Love fuhr zu Pedro zurück. Honey bemerkte erst nach ein paar Sekunden, dass sie gemeint war. \"Nun\", sagte Love, der sein Grinsen aufrecht erhielt, \"ich denke nicht, dass Senorita Murieta\", er betonte den Namen auf eine Weise, die Honey gar nicht gefiel, \"damit einverstanden ist.\" Honey blickte ihn kurz wütend an, dann sagte sie schlagfertig: \"In jedem Fall wäre ich mit dem Sieger unzufrieden.\" Die Soldaten lachten. Love musste sich fassen. Wenn sie ihn unbedingt herausfordern wollte… \"Sie meint das nicht so\", sagte er an Pedro gewandt, diesmal jedoch mit kaltem Lächeln, \"Wir kämpfen also um einen Kuss.\" Honey wusste nicht, was sie tun sollte. Doch da schrie ein Soldat schon zum Beginn des Kampfes von Drei rückwärts. Es herrschte eine einnehmende Spannung im Saal, der man sich nicht entziehen konnte, als die Männer begannen, im Kreis zu gehen. Pedro wagte erst nicht, als Erster anzugreifen, doch schließlich setzte er einen Schlag nach vorn. Love wich aus, es sah um Längen müheloser und zugleich eleganter aus als bei Jesse. Pedro stieß erneut mit der Faust zu. Love packte in einer schnellen Bewegung den Arm und verdrehte ihn, sodass Pedro schreiend auf die Knie ging. Love trat gegen Pedros Hinterteil, sodass er nach vorn wankte. Doch er rappelte sich wieder auf und ging, durch stille Wut anscheinend mutiger geworden, auf Love zu. Die Soldaten schrien oder jubelten nicht. Gespannte und zugleich erregte Stille hatte sich ausgebreitet. Pedros Schläge kamen im gleichen Rhythmus, was es Love leicht machte, auszuweichen, doch plötzlich stürzte Pedro unerwartet nach vorn und warf Love zu Boden. Pedros Faust fuhr auf den Boden, doch Love drehte den Kopf zur Seite, sodass sie nur an seinem Mundwinkel hinab rutschte. Dann stieß er seine Stirn gegen die Pedros, was diesen rücklings zu Boden beförderte. Schweiß lief von den Köpfen der Männer und etwas Blut aus Loves Mundwinkel. Er kroch zu ihm, drehte ihn auf den Bauch und presste seinen Kopf mit dem Knie hart zu Boden. Die Soldaten zählten begeistert von Zehn hinab. \"Vier ... \" Pedro wandte sich, doch Love lockerte und verfestigte den Griff, sodass Pedros Stirn sich schmerzhaft am Boden rieb. \"Drei ... Zwei-\", ein Stöhnen ging durchs Publikum, als Pedro seinen Ellenbogen nach hinten stieß und Loves Hals traf. Dieser lockerte seinen Griff eine Sekunde zu lang. Sein Soldat zog die Beine an und trat Love gegen die Brust, so dass er nach hinten stürzte und auf dem Bauch liegen blieb. Jetzt war es an Pedro, Love am Boden zu halten; Er schleifte sich den Boden entlang und wollte gerade seine Hände auf Loves Genick pressen, als dieser behände herumfuhr und Pedro mit der flachen Hand hart ins Gesicht schlug. Von der Wucht des Schlages taumelte Pedro zurück und brachte sich auf die Beine. Love stand ebenfalls auf und setzte zwei Schläge nach. Er schlug jedoch nicht mit der Faust, sondern nach wie vor mit der gestreckten Handinnenseite. Nichtsdestotrotz hallten die Schläge laut und hinterließen blutige Risse an Pedros Lippe. Alle schienen fasziniert von der Kraft der Ohrfeigen. Honey nicht. Sie erinnerte sich daran, wie sie im Wald blutend auf dem Boden gelandet war. Als Love zum dritten Mal ausholte, hob Pedro die Hände. \"Er ergibt sich!\", brüllte der Kommentator. Pedro atmete schwer und versuchte zwanghaft, den Hohn über ihn im Applaus der Soldaten zu ignorieren. Er setzte ein gequältes Lächeln auf und schüttelte Love die Hand. \"Sie haben aber auch eine Rechte, Sir.\" \"Unser Hauptmann siegt\", kommentierte der kleine Soldat laut. Love atmete schwer und erschöpft, als der Soldat rief: \"Und dem Sieger winkt die Beute!\" Die Soldaten jubelten lauter; Love, außer Atem, blickte sich um. Wären Blicke tödlich - Love wäre auf er Stelle umgefallen, als seine Augen die Ihren trafen. Doch das stachelte ihn nur an. Ein Kuss war die beste Strafe für ihre freche Äußerung vorhin. Er kam mit drei Schritten auf Honey zu, legte eine Hand auf ihre Taille und zog sie ruckartig zu sich heran. \"Fassen Sie mich nicht-\", zischte Honey, während Love sie etwas hochzog und sie schnell unterbrach, indem dem er seine Lippen mit gebeugtem Kopf auf ihre legte. Honeys rechte Hand flog zu einem Schlag gegen sein Gesicht hoch, doch Love, der damit gerechnet hatte, fing sie mit seiner eigenen ab. Er presste die Hand gegen seine Taille, so dass es eher nach einer zärtlichen Geste aussah. Die Soldaten jubelten wild. Love bewegte den Mund, ihre Lippen waren erstaunlich weich. Er hatte den Drang, den Kuss zu intensivieren, mit seiner Zunge die Ihre zu suchen. Doch er ließ beherrscht von ihr ab. \"Nun, ich würde sagen, die Vorstellung ist zu Ende. Zurück an die Arbeit!\", rief er in den Raum. Immer noch lachend, laut redend und sich über die Kämpfe auslassend, begann man damit, den Ring aufzuräumen. Love sah Honey an. Er beugte sich etwas zu ihr hinunter, um ihr etwas ins Ohr zu flüstern, doch sie trat zurück. \"Fassen Sie mich nicht an\", sagte sie erneut. Love kam ihr näher und beugte sich erneut. \"Du stellst hier nicht die Regeln auf, Prinzessin\", flüsterte er. \"Und wenn du mich noch einmal vor meinen Soldaten zum Narren machst, setzen wir den Kuss in meinem Schlafgemach fort.\" Honey sah Love kurz schockiert an, zischte dann aber: \"Wenn Sie es nötig haben, sich mir aufzudrängen.\" \"Keineswegs.\" Love lächelte. \"Aber mir scheint, diese Art der Bestrafung ist bei dir effektiver als Ohrfeigen.\" Honey wartete und wartete. Nachdem Love sie im Übungssaal hatte stehen lassen, war sie praktisch den ganzen Rest des Tages voller dunkler Gedanken in seinem Gemach gewesen, wo sie ein Soldat hingeführt und eingeschlossen hatte. Wäre ihr Bein doch nicht so schnell verheilt, dann würde sie noch beim Padre sein, sicher vor Love. Sie überlegte die ganze Zeit fieberhaft, was sie tun konnte. Ein Ausweg, wo war ein Ausweg? Joaquin hatte sich selbst umgebracht. Daran hatte Honey vor einigen Tagen, als sie kurz nach dem Tod ihres Bruder in der Zelle gewesen war, auch gedacht. Doch nun? Es musste einen anderen Weg geben. Sie konnte nicht fliehen. Überall waren Soldaten. Honey war verletzt. Und selbst wenn sie völlig gesund wäre… sie hätte es niemals bis vor die Tore der Kaserne geschafft. Love töten - dieser Gedanke kreiste unablässig in ihrem Kopf. Doch er jagte ihr Angst ein. Sie hasste ihn. Er hatte Joaquín nicht direkt auf dem Gewissen - jeder andere Hauptmann hätte ihren Halbbruder ebenfalls hinrichten wollen -, doch hatte er seinen Kopf… sie schauderte. Außerdem hielt er sie gefangen, demütigte sie. Doch eine Pistole auf ihn richten? Ihn mit einem Messer durchbohren? Honey hätte zahlreiche Möglichkeiten, Loves Leben zu beenden. Daran mangelte es nicht - doch sie war keine Mörderin. Sie konnte nicht töten, nicht einmal so ein Monster wie Love. Und Love schien das zu wissen, sonst würde er sie nicht so nah an sich heranlassen. Aber was nun? Wenn sie ihn nicht töten konnte, was sollte sie tun? Ihr graute vor dem Moment, in dem Love das Zimmer betreten würde. Er hatte es nicht nötig, sie zu irgendetwas zu zwingen. Mit Sicherheit fanden sich genug Frauen, die Love sofort freiwillig haben konnte. Doch er genoss ihre Demütigung, nur deshalb hatte er sie heute geküsst. Die Soldaten dachten wohl, sie sei sowieso nichts anderes als Loves private Hure. Es versetzte Honey einen Stich, was Alejandro denken würde, wenn er mit so einem Gerücht in Berührung käme… Dass sie sich dem Mörder Joaquíns hingab. Doch wenigstens war Alejandro am Leben. Dies war der einzige Silberstreif am Horizont. Da sie so tief in Gedanken versunken war, fuhr ihr der Schreck durch die Knochen, als die Tür ohne Vorwarnung aufgeschlossen wurde. Doch nicht Love trat ein, sondern erneut einer der vielen für Honey namenlosen Soldaten. \"Mach dem Captain Abendessen.\" Love stöhnte laut auf, als sich Fernandas Lippen ein wiederholtes Mal um sein Geschlecht legten. Er war in ihrem Gemach, weil er den Weg ins Bordell nicht für nötig hielt. Wenn sie ihn ohnehin begehrte und daraus keinen Hehl machte… Love konnte etwas Abreibung gebrauchen. Die Bemerkung des Mädchens, ob er es nötig habe, sich ihr aufzudrängen, hatte an seinem Stolz gekratzt. Er hatte es absolut nicht nötig. Fernanda war nur eine von vielen Frauen, die ihn umschwirrten. Doch den Ruf einen Casanovas konnte er sich nicht leisten, wenn er als Offizier ernstgenommen werden wollte, daher legte er Wert auf Diskretion. Sein Weg führte ihn dementsprechend regelmäßig ins Bordell. Love seufzte und entspannte sich, nachdem seine Muskel sich gerade auf dem Höhepunkt der Erregung zusammengezogen hatten. Fernanda kicherte und legte ein Bein über seinen liegenden Körper. Ihren Kopf legte sie ganz nah an Loves Brust. Das gefiel ihm nicht, doch er hatte auch keine Lust, sich jetzt unnötig aufzuregen. Sein Blick fuhr an Fernands nacktem Körper entlang. Sie war ihm eigentlich etwas zu üppig. Er wollte natürlich etwas in der Hand haben, aber als schön konnte man Fernanda nun wirklich nicht bezeichnen. Love hatte sich erwischt, wie er sich vorstellte, es sei die kleine Murieta, die ihn befriedigte. Er wusste nicht genau, woran es lag… war ihm Fernanda schlichtweg zu hässlich und dumm und die Kleine eines der wenigen anderen weiblichen Wesen in seinem Umfeld? Doch für gewöhnlich schweiften Loves Gedanken ab zu Monteros Tochter. Eine fast unmögliche Vorstellung, dessen war sich Love bewusst. Doch Elena Montero war einfach umwerfend. Ihre weibliche Linie, ihr Körper, dessen lange Beine sie für eine Frau angenehm groß wirken ließen, ihr dunkles Haar und die langen Wimpern, ihre vollen Lippen. Dazu noch das Temperament… Warum das Bild von dieser perfekten Frau nun dem der jüngeren Honey wich, war ihm einfach nicht klar. Sie war ihm eigentlich zu mager. Schön war sie dennoch, ein ganz anderer Typ als Elena. Sie war so hell, dass sie auf den Straßen hier in Kalifornien mit Sicherheit Aufmerksamkeit auf sich zog. War es das, was Love erregte? Ihr besonderes Aussehen? Oder eher das Spiel mit dem \"Feind\"? Als könne sie seine Gedanken lesen, sagte Fernanda keck: \"Ich war wirklich verwundert, als Sie vor der Tür standen, Captain… Ich dachte, nach diesem Kuss heute wäre alles klar…\" Sie strich mit den Fingen über seine Brust. \"Ich dachte, ihr wäret heute Nacht bereits vergeben…\" \"Du hast einen falschen Eindruck\", sagte Love affektiert. \"Ich schlafe nicht mit ihr.\" Fernanda verdrehte den Kopf und sah zu Love: \"Kein einziges Mal?\" Als ob sie das etwas anginge. \"Nein. Ich habe ihren Bruder getötet. Sie scheint mir das so übel zu nehmen, dass sie sich mir nicht anbietet\", sagte Love und schmunzelte. Fernanda lachte. \"Ja schon, nur, Captain - Sie sind ihr doch körperlich überlegen…\" \"Ich ziehe es vor, wenn sich der Geschlechtsakt von einer Prügelei unterscheidet.\" Das war nur zu neunundneunzig Prozent wahr, gelegentlich fand es Love befriedigend, wenn es etwas härter zuging - aber nur, wenn dies beide Seiten erregte. Er hatte nie eine Frau vergewaltigt, auch nicht im Krieg. Während der Befreiung Texas war es verpönt gewesen und Love selbst hatte es nie in Erwägung gezogen - womöglich allein seines Stolzes wegen. Er hatte es einfach nicht nötig. Fernanda kicherte und setzte sich auf ihn. \"Nun, dann weiß ich ja, was ich zu tun habe!\" Sie beugte sich hinunter und sie küssten sich. Love schloss die Augen, zog an ihrer Zunge, biss ihr auf die Lippe, stellte sich ein anderes Gesicht vor. Fernanda keuchte. Mit einem Ruck hob er den Oberkörper und drehte mit einer schnellen Bewegung die Positionen um, so dass er nun auf der üppigen Frau lag. \"Ja, ja!\", keuchte Fernanda laut. Bevor er fortfahren konnte, ging die Tür auf. Love schloss die Augen. Egal welcher Soldat das war und wie dringend die Angelegenheit - derjenige würde eine saftige Strafe bekommen. \"Was?!\" rief er, ohne sich umzudrehen. Er würde sich jetzt nicht beschämt zudecken. Als würden seine Soldaten nicht Stammkunden im Bordell sein... Als seine Augen jedoch Fernandas trafen, wusste er, dass etwas nicht stimmte. Sie sah zutiefst erschrocken zum Türrahmen hinter Love. Nun fuhr auch er herum. Es waren wohl mehrere Schrecksekunden, die Honey verharrte. Zunächst realisierte sie, dass zwei nackte Körper auf dem Bett lagen, was die Situation schon unangenehm genug machte. Dann erkannte sie das blonde, schulterlange Haar und noch bevor sich Captain Love umdrehte, wusste Honey, dass der Tag tatsächlich in einem Alptraum endete. Sie starrte in sein Gesicht, als wären ihre Augen eingefroren, krampfhaft versuchend, nicht einmal aus dem Augenwinkel sein nacktes Gesäß oder seine Beine, seinen Rücken wahrzunehmen. Das Love mit einer fließenden Bewegung aufstand und sich ihr direkt zuwandte, machte es nicht leichter. Honey wand den Kopf und sah zur Seite, als ihr Blick auf die ebenfalls entblößte, dümmlich starrende Fernanda fiel. Nicht viel besser. Honey atmete zitternd aus und sah Love an, als sie ihn unwillkürlich musterte, dann wie eine Schizophrene die Hand vor das Gesicht schlug. Love schmunzelte unwillkürlich und griff nach seiner Leinenhose, die er mit einer fließenden Bewegung überzog. \"Es tut mir Leid\", stammelte sie. Love wusste, dass er nun etwas sagen sollte, doch Fernanda schaffte es, sich schon vor ihm zu fassen. Mit einer unerwartet schnellen Bewegung sprang sie auf, schlang eine dünne Decke um sich und zwischte dabei \"Was fällt dir ein ?!\" Dann kam sie mit großen Schritten auf Honey zu und schlug ihr mitten ins Gesicht. Honeys verletztes Bein gab nach und sie stieß gegen den Türrahmen, blieb aber auf den Beinen. Love trat vor, stieß Fernanda beiseite und drehte Honeys Gesicht mit der flachen Hand auf ihrer Wange zu sich, jedoch so sanft, dass Honey ihn irritiert ansah. \"Alles in Ordnung?\" \"J-Ja-\", begann sie, doch Love hörte nicht weiter, lies von ihr ab und drehte sich Fernanda zu. \"Sie sind entlassen.\" Fernanda, die sich noch vonLoves Stoß aufrappelte, starrte ihn mit offenem Mund an. Love ging zum Bett, hob sein weißes Hemd und zog es sich über. Mit Leinenhemd und Hose sah er anders aus als der in blau eingekleidete Soldat, der er eigentlich war, jünger, wie ein Edelmann. \"Das Mädchen hat-\" Love unterbrach Fernanda. \"Packen Sie Ihre Sachen zusammen, dieses Gemach wird geräumt. Im Hof wird gegen drei eine Kutsche auf Sie warten. Guten Tag.\" Mit diesen Worten ließ er Fernanda stehen und ging zur Tür, wo er Honey meine einer Handbewegung bedeutete, zu gehen. Honey warf Fernanda einen verstörten Blick zu, doch diese war zu fassungslos, um böse zurückzuschauen. Dann setzte sich Honey in Bewegung, Love dicht hinter ihr. \"Ich- Ich habe geklopft- ich\", stammelte Honey, ohne sich umzudrehen, während Love sie weiter schob. \"Sie- sie hat 'Ja' gesagt…\" \"Ja\", erwiderte Love, \"das hat sie.\" Dann lachte er plötzlich. Er lachte so laut, dass er sogar stehen blieb und sich mit dem Arm an der Wand abstützte. Honey drehte sich um und starrte ihn an. War er wahnsinnig? Love fasste sich wieder. \"Nun… du hast da wohl was falsch verstanden\", meinte er grinsend und starrte im Gehen auf Honeys Rückseite. \"Wie auch immer. Ich habe gerade meine Haushälterin gefeuert… du wurdest befördert. Herzlichen Glückwunsch.\" Love strich ihr, seine Worte unterstreichend, über die Schulter zum Arm hinunter. Honey blieb ruckartig stehen und Love lief in sie hinein, so dass er stolperte. Er klammerte sich aus Reflex an ihr fest. \"Um Gottes Willen, bekommst du bei jeder Berührung einen Herzinfarkt?\", zischte er erschrocken, ohne wirklich zornig zu sein. \"Nur wenn Sie es sind\", sagte Honey verächtlich. \"Was soll das heißen, 'befördert'?\" \"'Befördert' heißt, dass man in einen höheren Rang-\" \"Ich weiß, was das Wort bedeutet!\", unterbrach sie ihn scharf, während er sie schon wieder provozierend anlächelte, \"Ich meinte… was heißt das für mich?\" \"Du übernimmst Fernandas Aufgaben… Meine Gemächer werden sauber gehalten, meine Wäsche gewaschen, mein Leibeswohl befriedi-gewährleistet\", korrigierte er sich. Honey sah ihn kurz berechnend an. \"Das klingt nicht gerade nach einem höheren Rang.\" \"Du kannst in Fernandas Zimmer einziehen. Es ist klein, aber besser als die Zelle, denke ich.\" 'Besser als ein Schlafplatz in Loves Bett', schoss es Honey durch den Kopf. Ob sich ihre Lage tatsächlich verbessern konnte, einfach so? \"Also... sieht als als wäre es ein wenig spät, um mit Kocherei zu beginnen. Ich bin hungrig. Was meinst du... ein Ausflug ins Pueblo?\"[Chapter 13] Kapitel 13 - Bröckelnde Fassaden Als es an der Tür zu Honeys neuem Gemach klopfte, wurde sie barsch aus ihrer Trance gezogen. So ein Zimmer hatte sie das letzte Mal ihr eigen nennen dürfen, als sie bei ihrem Vater gelebt hatte… vor einer Ewigkeit, wie es ihr schien. Es gab einen eigenen Schrank (nicht, dass sie etwas gehabt hätte, das sie hineinhängen könnte, all ihre Sachen waren seit Joaquins Tod in der Mission geblieben), ein eigenes Bett, einen Spiegel und einen kleinen Tisch. \"Ja\", sagte Honey, die auf dem Bett saß und versuchte, die neue Situation zu verarbeiten. Die Tür öffnete sich einen Spalt und Love schob sich hindurch. Er trug seinen Uniformhut und seine blaue Offizierskleidung. Honeys Blick streifte auch seinen Waffengürtel, an dem nicht der übliche Degen, aber die obligatorische Pistole seitlich hing. Womöglich nagelte Honey ihre Augen auch dort fest, weil sie es nach dem Anblick vorhin nicht übers Herz brachte, ihm in die Augen zu schauen. \"Bist du soweit?\" Love musterte Honey - und ärgerte sich fast über sich selbst, dass er sie sich vorhin als Partnerin zum Beischlaf ausgemahlen hatte. Sie trug ihr unauffälliges, braun gemustertes Kleid, die Haare zu einem Knoten gebunden, der den knochigen Nacken freigab. Und jetzt starrte sie wie ein Reh auf seine Waffe. \"Ja. Ich ähm… habe keinen Hunger\", sagte Honey. Würde ihr das einen Abend mit Love ersparen? Loves Augen blitzten. \"Steh auf.\" Honeys Blick fuhr hoch. Der Ausdruck auf seinem Gesicht beunruhigte sie. Doch sie stand nicht auf. Mit einem Ruck, der Honey zusammenfahren ließ, schloss Love die Tür hinter sich und durchquerte das Zimmer mit einem Schritt. Er griff an Honeys Arm und zog sie hoch, ließ sie jedoch nicht anschließend los, sondern griff hart um ihren Oberarm. Dabei beugte er sich etwas, so dass sein Gesicht ihrem näher war. \"Du willst mir nicht wirklich weismachen, dass du nicht hungrig bist, oder?\" Er verstärkte seinen Griff. \"Dass ich deinen Oberarm beinahe mit einer Hand umfassen kann, ist nämlich kein gutes Zeichen… und diese Stelle, die ich heute das Vergnügen hatte, zu berühren\", er legte die zweite Hand an Honeys schmale Taille, \"spricht auch nicht für deine Verfassung.\" Honey blickte ihn wütend an und stieß ihn mit einer Kraft, die man ihr nicht zugetraut hätte, von sich. \"Vielleicht wird mir von Ihrem Anblick ja einfach schlecht!\" Love blickte sie an und seine Augen funkelten bedrohlich. Er nickte leicht. \"Und was, wenn ich dir verrate, dass ich die Nacht mit dir verbringen will?\" Honeys Gesicht wurde mit einem Schlag weiß. Love musste sich ein Lachen verkneifen. Auf diese Provokation reagierte die Kleine dermaßen allergisch, dass er nicht widerstehen konnte, sie damit zu reizen. Er ging erneut einen kleinen Schritt auf sie zu. Honey schluckte und sah sich um, augenscheinlich nach einer Waffe. Jetzt lachte Love tatsächlich, worin Honey jedoch nicht seinen bloßen Streich erkannte. Als er ihr noch etwas näher kam, schlug sie ihm plötzlich mit der Faust ins Gesicht. Love, völlig überrascht, taumelte ein wenig, Honey jedoch umfasste voller Schmerz ihre Hand. Wieso tat das so weh?! Sie wich einen Schritt nach vorn, so dass die Positionen getauscht waren. Love richtete sich auf, die Augen aufgerissen. Die Schmerzen ihrer rechten Hand trieben Honey Tränen in die Augen. \"Sag mal…\", sagte Love mit offenem Mund, \"hat dich die Vorstellung heute nicht wenigstens ein Bisschen eingeschüchtert? Meinst du immer noch, du solltest mich-\" Honey, in einem Versuch, einen erneuten Überraschungsmoment zu erzielen, holte erneut aus, doch diesmal fing Love ihre Faust mit der flachen Hand ab, drehte Honeys Arm, so dass sie herumfuhr und mit dem Rücken zu ihm stand. \"Vielleicht sollte man dich wirklich einmal übers Knie-\" Honey riss ihren Arm los und wollte sich erneut umdrehen, als Love den einen Arm von hinten um ihrem Hals legte, den anderen um ihren Bauch, und sie an seine Brust drückte. So konnte sie sich kaum bewegen, versuchte es dennoch, strampelte und versuchte mit den Armen vergeblich etwas an Loves Griff zu ändern. \"Beruhige dich\", wiederholte Love einige Male, nun nicht mehr lächelnd, sondern krampfhaft dabei, Honey unter Kontrolle zu bringen. Sie schrie und wehrte sich, als ihr Körper plötzlich erschlaffte. Sofort lockerte er den Arm um ihren Hals, vermutend, er habe ihr zu viel Luft genommen. Doch sie war bei Bewusstsein und hing, leise weinend, in seinem Griff. \"Hey\", flüsterte Love mit gerunzelter Stirn, \"hey!\" Er beugte, ohne Honey loszulassen, so dass auch ihre Knie einknickten, bis die beiden, Loves Arme immer noch von hinten um Honey gedrückt, auf dem Bett saßen, Honey auf Love Schoß. Ihm war diese Stellung offenbar bewusster als Honey, die immer noch weinend erschlafft war. Love nahm den Arm von ihrem Hals und drehte mit der Hand ihren Kopf leicht. Love war sich bewusst, wie sich Honeys Brust direkt über seinem Arm hob und senkte, und ihr Körper auf seinem Schoß in ständigem Beben war. Rasch stand er auf und ließ dabei Honey auf's Bett gleiten. Sie schniefte und wischte sich die Tränen aus dem Gesicht, rutschte, die Knie angezogen, mit dem Rücken zur Wand und blickte geradeaus. Love blickte sie einige Momente still an. Sie war um einiges mutiger als ihr Bruder. Womöglich brach in ihr zeitweise der Wunsch durch, ihn zu rächen, sich körperlich mit Love anzulegen, als hätte sie eine Chance. Als wäre sie nicht die wehrlose, kleine Schwester, sondern ein Love ebenbürtiger Gegner. Ironischerweise bewahrte sie die Tatsache, dass sie genau dies nicht war, vor jeder Strafe, die ein männlicher Murieta nach einem Faustschlag bekommen würde. Ging er zu sachte mit ihr um? Love musste sich ernsthaft fragen, ob er jeder beliebigen Frau solche Handlungen nicht nur nachsehen, sondern ihnen Essen und ein eigenes Zimmer gestatten würde. … Natürlich nicht. Er hatte zwar bis jetzt keine Frau getötet, doch die Vorstellung, es im Ernstfall tun zu müssen, bereitete ihm keine Kopfschmerzen. Doch nun vollbrachte er es nicht einmal, die Kleine hier für ihre Frechheit zu bestrafen. Ihr Respekt einzutrichtern. Es waren nicht ihre Tränen, die ihn abhielten. \"Weißt du, dass es bis jetzt noch nie jemand außerhalb eines Kampfes gewagt hat, mir ins Gesicht zu schlagen?\" Honey blickte auf, ihre Augenränder gerötet, die Augen von den Tränen leuchtend blau. Dann lachte sie. Love runzelte die Stirn. Er hatte sie bis jetzt nicht viel Lachen gesehen oder gehört - und ausgerechnet jetzt tat sie es? Sie lächelte bitter und hob sich die rechte Hand vors Gesicht. \"Ich glaub ich habe mir Finger verrenkt.\" Loves Augen verloren etwas Härte, doch er bezwang sich, seinen Zorn nicht so leicht abflauen zu lassen. \"Geschieht dir Recht.\" Honey verdrehte die Augen leicht. Ihr schwacher Moment schien vorüber. \"Geht es dir jetzt besser, ja? Und was, wenn ich zu dir komme, brichst du dann wieder zusammen?\" Honeys Lächeln schwand. \"Vielleicht.\" \"Spielst du hier irgendein Spiel? Denn wenn es so ist, rate ich dir-\" \"Ich will einfach nur, dass Sie mich nicht anfassen!\" \"Ich habe dir bereits gesagt, dass ich dich nicht vergewaltigen werde!\", erwiderte Love mit erhobener Stimme. Stille trat ein, das Wort 'vergewaltigen' hing in der Luft. \"Sie haben mich geküsst\", sagte Honey leise. \"Reine Provokation. Und zu weinen hast du erst angefangen, als du mich gerade aussichtslos angegriffen hast.\" Sie widersprach nicht. Love grinste. \"Das ist unglaublich… Murieta, ein Feigling von einem Mann, hätte mich angreifen können, hat sich aber stattdessen die Kugel gegeben. Und du willst es so sehr, brichst dir aber schon bei einem Schlag die zarten Finger.\" Hasserfüllt starrte Honey ihn an. \"Gut für Sie.\" \"Naja… ein richtiger Kampf wäre mir lieber.\" \"Irgendwann\", sagte Honey und blickte ihn herausfordernd an. Er lächelte. Sie erwiderte es. Honey fiel es schwer einzuschlafen. Love war nach dem erstaunlichen Ende ihres Gespräches einfach gegangen, ohne weitere Worte, nur mit der Aufforderung, sie solle morgen sein Schlafzimmer wischen und für Abendbrot sorgen. Sie schlief fest in dieser Nacht, ohne das Atmen des Mannes neben ihr. Wenngleich sie wusste, dass er nur eine Etage über ihr schlief, so fühlte es sich an, als sei er Meilen entfernt. Als sie am nächsten Morgen aufwachte, wusste sie nicht mehr, was sie geträumt hatte. Aber sie empfand neben der vertrauten Unruhe, die sie seit Joaquins Tod verspürte, auch etwas anderes… war es Scham? Warum? Honey erinnerte sich, dass es einen einvernehmlichen, wenn auch nicht harmonischen Moment zwischen Love und ihr gegeben hatte. Doch solange er sie nicht küsste… Sie hatte mühsam das Schlafgemach Loves gewischt - sein Bett gemacht, voller Freude, dass sie die Nacht nicht dort hatte verbringen müssen. Als sie die Küche betrat, saß die alte Frau, die Honey seit einer Weile nicht gesehen hatte, bereits darin. Honey begrüßte sie. \"Wie geht es dir, Mädchen?\" \"Es… geht. Danke.\" \"Macht es dir nicht leicht, der Captain, stimmts?\" Honey wusste nicht, was sie antworten sollte, und beschied sich, zu schweigen. \"Aber wenigstens ist Fernanda weg. Die Frau wusste nicht wohin mit ihren Launen… Nun, jetzt sind wir aber nur noch zu zweit. Und Montero veranstaltet ein großes Bankett, in drei Monaten, das wird ein hartes Stück Arbeit, auch für uns! Viele Gäste aus vielen Gegenden. Ich bin auch nicht mehr die Jüngste… Macht es dir was aus, die Abfälle hier zu entsorgen? Neben den Ställen…\" Honey nickte und nahm den Eimer, der voll Kartoffel- und Zwiebelschalen war. Sie wurde ohne Einspruch auf den Hof gelassen. Einige der Soldaten warfen ihr Blicke zu, doch sie wurde weder angesprochen noch aufgehalten. Auf einem Kompost neben den Ställen kippte sie den Eimer aus, als zwei Personen aus den Ställen kamen. \"Nun, Vater, ich denke nicht, dass sich jemand daran stört, wenn ich im Damensattel ausreite…\" Honey lief hinter den beiden her, die ebenfalls in Richtung Kasernenhauptgebäude gingen. Sie erkannte Don Montero, den sie an dem Tag, als sie nach ihrer Schussverletzung wieder in die Garnison kam, bereits gesehen hatte. Neben ihm lief eine Frau, die Honey nur von hinten sah, deren Schönheit aber um sich zu strahlen schien. Ihre langen, glänzenden, schwarzen Haare, waren in einem eleganten Zopf verschlungen und sie trug ein Kleid aus brauner Seide. Das musste seine Tochter sein. \"Wenn du einmal im Damensattel sitzt, Elena, danke ich dem Himmel. Stattdessen sehe ich dich nur noch in mörderischer Geschwindigkeit aus dem Pueblo kommen und…\" Montero war offensichtlich aufgefallen, dass sie jemand verfolgte. Er verstummte und drehte sich um, seine Tochter Elena tat es ihm gleich. Sie war älter als Honey, womöglich nicht viel, doch wirkte sie auf sie reif und außergewöhnlich. Honey wäre womöglich sehr beeindruckt gewesen, wenn sie in letzter Zeit nicht so viel durchlebt hätte. Montero musterte Honey, angefangen bei dem Eimer, den sie in den Händen trug. Elena jedoch sagte, nachdem sie Honey erblickt hatte, freundlich: \"Guten Tag!\" Montero sah Honey kurz ins Gesicht, wandte sich dann wieder zum gehen, doch Elena blieb noch stehen. \"Dich habe ich noch gar nicht hier gesehen!\" \"Elena, das liegt wohl daran, dass du nicht in der Kaserne untergebracht bist\", sagte Montero leicht ungehalten über die Verzögerung. Er schien sich an sein kurzes Kennenlernen mit Honey nicht zu erinnern. \"Ich bin Elena Montero\", stellte sich Elena lächelnd vor. \"Honey Murieta\", rutschte es Honey heraus, bevor sie ihre Antwort kalkulieren konnte. Doch der Name schien Elena nichts zu verraten. Sie lächelte nur, nickte Honey zu und wandte sich zum gehen. Nun war es Montero, der sich zwar in Gang setzte, dessen Blick allerdings noch einige Momente auf Honey ruhen blieb. Ihm sagte der Name Murieta etwas… hatte er doch von den Banditen gehört, die in den letzten Jahren seiner Abwesenheit ihr Unwesen getrieben hatten. War es nicht Love gewesen, der ihm am Tag seiner Ankunft erzählt hatte, dass er so eben einen der Verbrecher zur Strecke gebracht habe? Honey sah den beiden Aristokraten hinterher, um ihnen mit etwas Abstand in die Kaserne zu folgen. Sie kam nicht weit, denn Captain Love lief aus dem Eingangsportal, um Elena und Rafael Montero zu begrüßen. Sie schüttelten Hände. Honeys Ankunft fiel Love, dessen Augen stark auf Elena fixiert waren, erst auf, als sie offensichtlich kurz vor dem Eingang stand, den er versperrte. Sie blieb in Loves Blickfeld zwischen Elena und Montero stehen. Einen Moment lang sah Love sehr ungehalten aus. Mit einem sachten Nicken wies er Honey an, durchzukommen, was sie tat, ohne ihn weiter anzusehen. \"Wie geht es Ihnen, Elena? Bekommen Ihnen die Verhältnisse in California?\" \"Danke, Captain, es ist wunderbar hier. Ich hatte heute die Gelegenheit, einen Ausritt am Strand zu machen…\" \"Allein\", fügte Montero bitter hinzu. \"Ich stelle beim nächsten Mal gerne eine Eskorte zur Verfügung\", sagte Love und lächelte Elena an. Montero unterbrach den Moment, indem er er zu Love trat. \"Elena, Liebling, ich muss noch einiges mit dem Captain klären. Kehr doch zur Hazienda zurück, ich bin zum Abendessen wieder da.\" \"Vater\", sagte Elena, \"Captain\". Sie schenkte ihm ein letztes Lächeln und machte sich dann auf den Weg in die umgekehrte Richtung. Montero und Love gingen in die Kaserne. \"Harrison, aus zwei Gründen wollte ich Sie hier aufsuchen…\" Sie passierten die Treppe, die in die zweite Etage führte, und gingen den Gang entlang, \"Zum einen hat mich eine wichtige Meldung erreicht, dass ein Insasse aus Talamantes entflohen ist. Man weiß nicht, wer es ist. Von dem verrotteten Pack lässt sich ja niemand identifizieren. Es soll aber in der Nacht gewesen sein, in der ich dem Gefängnis einen Besuch abgestattet habe.\" \"Sir, ich kann das untersuchen lassen, aber Sie schienen doch sicher, dieser De La Vega sei…\" \"…tot, ja ich weiß. Dennoch bin ich ein wenig beunruhigt. Die zweite Sache ist die: In drei Monaten soll das Begrüßungsbankett in der Hazienda stattfinden, ich hatte allerdings gehofft, dass bei Bedarf auch die Garnisonsgebäude vorzeigbar sind. Womöglich weisen Sie die Soldaten verstärkt darauf hin, das Gebäude präsentierter zu machen.\" \"Selbstverständlich, Sir, daran arbeiten wir ohnehin.\" \"Ausgezeichnet. Nun, was unser Projekt angeht… Sie waren heute schon bei der-\" Montero unterbrach sich, als sie die offene Küchentür passierten, in der Honey und die alte Frau arbeiteten. \"Eine Frage, Harrison, nicht dass es tatsächlich von Interesse ist, aber…\", Montero trat etwas näher an Love heran, als sie einige Meter an der Tür vorbei waren, \"Murieta. Dieser Name…\" \"Sir, sie ist mit den Banditen verwandt. Ein Druckmittel.\" \"Verstehe.\" Montero nickte und sah Love abschätzend an, dann lächelte er und verabschiedete sich. \"Was hast du Montero gesagt?\" Honey fuhr herum, als Love im Türrahmen stand. \"Nichts…\", sagte sie und rührte die Suppe um, die sie unter Anleitung der Frau gekocht hatte. \"… Meinen Namen\", fügte sie hinzu. \"Captain!\", meinte die alte Frau, \"Honey bereitet heute für Sie die Gemüsesuppe, die Sie so mögen!\" Honeys Blick, zunächst angewidert, wurde zu einem sehr gequälten Lächeln, als sie ins das gutmütige Gesicht der Frau blickte. \"Sir\", erklang eine Stimme vom Flur. Jesse fand seinen Weg in die Küche, vorher vor Love salutierend. Honey verharrte einen Moment bei seinem Anblick. Sein linkes Auge war fast zugeschwollen - das rührte vom Kampf am gestrigen Tag. Die Alte war bereits aufgestanden und holte aus der Vorratskammer eine Art nasse Kompresse, die Jesse sich auf die Augen legte. \"Ich heiße diese Kämpfe immer noch nicht gut\", grummelte die Frau und wuselte zurück in die Vorratskammer. \"Anders lernt man es nicht\", sagte Love und besah Jesses Wunden. \"Sir\", stimme Jesse zu. \"Es hapert am Verhältnis von Angriff und Verteidigung bei Ihnen. Ausweichen können Sie sehr geschickt, aber wenn Sie keine Treffer landen, führen Sie einen lächerlichen Tanz auf. Und wenn Sie dann Treffen, dann bitte auch richtig. Ihre Angriffe sehen ein wenig aus wie die eines Mädchens.\" Honey ignorierte Loves selbstgefällige Miene bewusst, als sie den Topf von der Feuerstelle nahm. \"Ja, Sir\", sagte Jesse, den Blick in Honeys Gesicht verfangen. \"Bitte?\", hakte Love nach. Jesse riss sich los, offenbar erschrocken über sich selbst. Er richtete sich steif auf und blickte geradeaus. \"Ja, Sir!\", bellte er. Love lächelte schief. Als Jesse den Raum verlassen wollte, nahm Love ihn außerhalb der Küche zur Seite, während Honey eine Portion Suppe in ein Schälchen umfüllte. \"Haben die anderen Soldaten Sie bereits in ein Bordell mitgenommen?\" Jesse lief rot an. Seine Blicke zu Honey waren wohl mehr als offensichtlich gewesen… Dabei war er sich sicher, dass es ihm nicht um ihren Körper ging. \"Nein, Sir\", antwortete er. Love gab ihm eine Klaps auf die Schulter. \"Dann holen wir das heute Abend nach. Hilft gegen die Schmerzen.\" Love wandte sich wieder in die Küche. Honey, die von der Unterhaltung nichts gehört hatte, stand am Küchentisch und hatte die Arme verschränkt. \"Essen ist fertig, Sir\", mit affektierter Betonung auf dem letzten Wort. Love nickte und setzte sich an den Tisch. Honeys Überlegenheit fiel von ihr ab. \"Sie essen hier?\" \"Ich esse jetzt. Ich habe nachher noch zu tun.\" Honey schob Love das Schüsselchen hin. Er legte sich eine große Serviette auf den Schoß. \"Setz dich\", wies er Honey an. Die alte Frau kam aus der Vorratskammer, einen Sack Kartoffeln über der Schulter, wünschte Love guten Appetit und verließ die Küche. Honey wäre es lieber gewesen, sie würde bleiben. \"Ist es Ihnen nicht unangenehm, eine alte Frau für sich arbeiten zu lassen?\", fragte sie und ließ sich auf dem Stuhl Love gegenüber nieder. Love kaute einen Bissen Brot, das er in die heiße Suppe getaucht hatte, schluckte in Ruhe und sagte dann: \"Nein. Aber ich muss schon sagen, es ist viel angenehmer, ein schönes Mädchen für mich arbeiten zu lassen.\" Mit einem Blick auf ihre Miene sagte er lächelnd und kauend: \"Amüsant wie Komplimente bei dir einen negativen Effekt haben.\" \"Nur die Ihren.\" \"Nun… so schön bist du auch nicht.\" \"Danke.\" Love aß in Ruhe seine Suppe, beobachtete zeitweise Honey, die unruhig auf ihrem Stuhl saß. Als er fertig war, wischte er sich mit der Serviette den Mund ab und strich sich mit den abgewischten Fingern seinen Bart zurecht. \"Du kannst gut kochen. Standest du früher viel in der Küche?\" \"Ich habe für meinen Vater gekocht.\" Love nickte. Er wollte etwas sagen, als ein Soldat salutierend im Rahmen erschien. \"Captain, wir haben den Gefangenen aus Talamantes hergeschafft, nach dem sie verlangt haben.\" Love stand auf. Hinter dem Soldaten waren zwei weitere, die zwischen sich einen völlig verwahrlosten, offenbar älteren Mann halb schleiften, halb trugen. Er hatte einen wirren Blick unter den wilden, schwarzen Haaren und wehrte sich ein wenig gegen die Griffe. \"Gut. In die Kammer runterbringen.\" Der Mann lachte laut los, als er Love mit einigen Sekunden Verzögerung zu erkennen schien. Fast unverständlich brachte er unter seinem verwucherten Bart laut hervor: \"Dass ich das Gesicht dieses Bastards nochmal seh, hätte ich nicht gedacht!\" Er lachte laut, als einer der ihn festhaltenden Soldaten ihm einen Hieb in die Magengegend versetzte. Honey fuhr hoch. \"Keine Sorge\", meinte Love an die Soldaten gewandt, \"dem vergeht das Lachen gleich.\" Die Männer schleppten den Gefangenen an der Küche vorbei. \"Danke für das Essen\", sagte Love abschließend. \"Was machen Sie mit ihm?\" Love, der schon bei der Tür war, drehte sich um und sah sie lächelnd an. \"Ich habe ein paar Fragen an ihn.\" Er ließ sie stehen und folgte den Soldaten. Honey lief aus der Küche und sah ihn gerade noch die Treppe zu den Verliesen hinuntersteigen. Es lief ihr eiskalt den Rücken hinunter.[Chapter 14] Kapitel 14 - Der zweite Verlust Nachdem Honey einige Minuten, vielleicht sogar eine Stunde, unruhig in der Küche umhergelaufen war, konnte sie nicht anders, als vorsichtig aus der Küche hinauszutreten und den Gang in Richtung Treppe einzuschlagen. Sie atmete flach, als sie die Treppe langsam hinunterstieg. Dann hörte sich ein Geräusch, dass sie kurz erstarren ließ - eine Mischung aus Quieken und ersticktem Schrei. Vorsichtig stieg sie die letzten Stufen hinunter und betrat den dreckig-feuchten Boden des Verlieskellers. Im hintersten Verlies bewegten sich Schatten. Honey zuckte zusammen, als der Schrei erneut ertönte, erstickt und kaum vernehmbar. Dann hörte sie Love, der seine Lautstärke in kleinster Weise zurückhielt. Love sprach in seiner sarkastischen Tonlage, doch Honey spürte die Bedrohlichkeit seiner Stimme bis ins Mark. \"Bei Gott, du warst nicht lange genug in diesem Gefängnis, als dass dein Verstand schon nachgibt, oder? Wie lang ist es her? Ein Jahr?\" Erneut ertönte ein Schrei. Honey schlich, an den Gitterstäben entlang, zur letzten Zelle, in deren Zellentür, den Weg nach draußen versperrend, Jesse stand. Der Gefangene kniete geknebelt am Boden. Love stand mit dem Rücken zu den Stäben und versperrte Honey so die Sicht auf den Rest der Szene. Sie näherte sich, als Jesse sie bemerkte. Er schüttelte leicht den Kopf, ein Zeichen, sie solle nicht näher kommen. \"Du kommst hier nicht lebend raus\", klang Loves Stimme, \"Also erspar mir die Zeitverschwendung und dir ein paar saftige Schmerzen und beantworte meine Frage.\" Der Gefangene röchelte und nickte kaum merklich. Honey, an die Gitterstäbe der Nebenzelle gepresst, sah, wie ein Soldat dem Mann den Knebel aus dem Mund zog. Sie erinnerte sich, wie sie selbst in einer dieser Zellen geknebelt auf dem Boden gesessen hatte. \"Er hat nie geredet… wir haben ihn el silencio genannt… ich weiß nicht, wie er entkommen ist!\" \"El silencio?\" Love runzelte die Stirn. Vor einigen Jahren, als er in Los Angeles angekommen war, hatte man ihm von dem Banditen namens Zorro erzählt, der Montero zu dessen Amtszeit das Leben schwer gemacht hatte. Montero hatte seine Identität herausgefunden und ihn in Talamantes, dem gefürchteten Gefängnis an der Küste, verrotten lassen. Zur Sicherheit hatte er ihn vor seiner Wiederkehr endgültig töten wollen, so viel wusste Love. Aber \"el silencio\", der Stille, klang nicht nach einem berüchtigten Volkskämpfer… \"Das ist nicht viel an Informationen…\" \"Ich-ich kann anders helfen, ich kann- ich kann ihn finden!\", röchelte der Gefangene hoffnungsvoll. \"Sicher\", murmelte Love abfällig, ohne ihn wirklich zu beachten. Er drehte sich gedankenverloren um, als er fast direkt vor ihm, getrennt durch die Gitterstäbe, Honey erblickte. Einen Moment war er perplex, dann zog er ungehalten die Brauen zusammen. \"Was machst du denn hier?\" Sie antwortete nicht. \"Jesse\", bellte Love, \"weg mit ihr!\" Jesse trat aus der Tür und ging zu Honey. Er berührte sie nicht, streckte nur richtungsweisend die flache Hand aus. Honey, mit einem Blick über die Schulter, ging zurück zur Treppe. Love wand sich wieder seiner Arbeit zu. Sobald Honey und Jesse den Flur erreichten, blieb Honey stehen und fragte eindringlich: \"Was ist denn da unten los?\" \"Ich weiß es nicht wirklich. Irgendein Mörder, irgendetwas will Love wissen, ich glaube, Don Montero hat es angeordnet…\", Jesse blickte zu Boden, \"Du… ich habe gehört, was passiert ist, nachdem ich vom Kampf ausgeschieden bin.\" Honey sagte nichts. Sie setzten sich wieder in Bewegung, in Richtung von Honeys neuem Zimmer. \"Er … er tut dir nichts Schlimmes an, oder?\" Honey wusste, dass der junge Mann aus irgendeinem Grund besorgt um sie war, dennoch war sie genervt. Warum fragten alle, was Love ihr vermeintlich alles antäte, statt ihr einfach aus dieser Misere zu helfen? Sie schüttelte leicht den Kopf. In einem neuen Versuch, ein Gespräch am Laufen zu halten, flüsterte Jesse: \"Ich weiß, dass sie momentan keine Spuren zu Murieta haben.\" Honey blickte auf und fragte: \"Sie haben keine Ahnung, wo er-\" \"Wie vom Erdboden verschwunden\", antwortete Jesse schnell und lächelte. Honey erwiderte das Lächeln nicht. Sie wusste nicht, ob dies eine gute oder schlechte Nachricht war. \"Wie haben sie das Letzte mal ihren Standort herausgefunden?\" \"Es war eine Falle. Sie haben eine Geldkassette bewusst an einem Rastort in der Wüste deponiert.\" Honey nickte und dachte nach. Das würde nicht noch einmal passieren - allein würde Alejandro sicher nirgendwo auf Raubzug gehen. \"Aber\", fuhr Jesse fort und seine Stimme hatte einen besorgten Ton angenommen, \"Ich vermute Captain Love ist in dieser Hinsicht ungeduldig… Du solltest ihn nicht provozieren-\" \"Ich provoziere ihn nicht\", fuhr Honey dazwischen. \"Ich weiß\", beschwichtigte Jesse, \"Ich will nur sagen… pass auf dass du nicht bald da unten in der Zelle landest.\" \"Dort war ich schon. Und es hat ihm nichts gebracht.\" \"Vielleicht. Aber ist dir nicht schon einmal der Gedanke gekommen, dass…\" Jesse unterbrach sich, nervös zur Seite blickend. Offenbar hatte er bereits mehr gesagt, als ihm lieb war. \"Was?\", fragte Honey. Jesse antwortete nicht. \"Was?\", fragte sie energischer und ging einen Schritt auf ihn zu. \"Dass du hier bist, um ihn wie ein Köder anzulocken?\" Honey starrte ihn an, mit offenem Mund. War ihr der Gedanke schon gekommen? Sie musste sich eingestehen, dass sie bereits mit dem Gedanken abgeschlossen hatte, Alejandro würde zur Hilfe eilen. Womöglich war durch Joaquíns Tod etwas in ihm zerbrochen, dass auch die Bindung zu Honey gekappt hatte. Oder er wollte sich einfach in Sicherheit bringen, irgendwo ein neues Leben anfangen. Vielleicht dachte er auch einfach, Honey sei bereits verloren, tot, vergraben. Dass Captain Love aber davon ausgehen könnte, Alejandro würde die Kaserne stürmen, um sie zu retten… dass er sie dafür am Leben hielt… dass war ihr bis jetzt nicht in den Sinn gekommen. \"Wie will er Alejandro denn weismachen, wo er mich finden kann?\" \"Ich habe schon zu viel gesagt\", wich Jesse aus, \"Wenn Captain Love das herausfindet, bin ich geliefert.\" Er wollte sich umdrehen und gehen, doch Honey hielt ihn fest. \"Wie?\", fragte sie. Jesse seufzte. \"Es tut mir Leid. Ich kann dir nicht helfen.\" Er ging einen Schritt, so dass Honey Hand von ihm abfiel, dann drehte er sich noch einmal um und fügte hinzu: \"Ich denke, du bist nicht wie deine Brüder. Du bist … unschuldig und hast das nicht verdient.\" \"Das hast du gut erkannt\", meinte Honey trocken. Das Kleid, das man ihr auf das Bett gelegt hatte, war ihr zu groß. Es war nobler als alles, was Honey in den letzten vier Jahren angezogen hatte, auch wenn es weder aus exquisiten Materialien noch besonders schön war. Es lag oben eng an, fiel ab der Hüfte ausgestellt zu Boden, in einem fließenden Grauton. Honey band ihre Haare im Nacken zu einem Knoten und verließ das Zimmer. Love lief den Flur entlang, der in die letzten Strahlen der untergehenden Sonne getaucht war. Das Mädchen stand wie angewiesen am Türrahmen und wartete. Sie hatte den Blick nach draußen auf den Hof gewendet und bemerkte ihn nicht. Während Love näher kam, besah er sie sich. Das Kleid, dass er ihr hatte besorgen lassen, wirkte zwar etwas groß, betonte jedoch dennoch ihren schmalen Oberkörper. Einen Moment schoss Love durch den Kopf, ob man durch die eng gewebte Baumwolle die Form ihrer Brüste erkennen würde. Unter dem Nacken, den der Haarknoten und der kleine Rückenausschnitt des Kleid freigaben, erkannte man die hervortretenden oberen Knochen ihrer Wirbelsäule. Als sie ihn wahrnahm und sich umdrehte, hob Love unwillkürlich den Kopf. Das rote Sonnenlicht beschien die Haut ihres blassen Gesichts und ihre Haare glänzten goldig. Alles in allem… für jemanden ihres Standes ein schöner Anblick, gestand sich Love ein. Hoffentlich würd jemand sie auf der Strasse erkennen, irgendwer. Hauptsache die Information, dass sie lebend im Pueblo unterwegs war, begleitet vom ranghöchsten Offizier der Gegend, würde Murieta über Ecken und Kanten erreichen. Sie sah ihn kurz an, nahm wahr, dass er keinen Uniformrock trug, sondern nur die blaue Hose, das weiße Hemd und den Waffengürtel, in dem lediglich die Pistole steckte. Dann wendete sie entschieden abfällig den Blick wieder auf den Hof. \"Ich verstehe nicht, was ich im Pueblo soll.\" \"Mit mir zu Abend essen.\" \"Das ginge hier genau so gut.\" Ihr Wille, ihre Abneigung überdeutlich zu machen, amüsierte ihn, gleichzeitig war er ungehalten über ihre ständige Diskussionsfreude. Statt sie am Arm hinaus zu geleiten, packte er ihren Oberarm und zog sie mit sich hinaus. Sie passierten den Ausgang und liefen über den Kasernenhof. \"Sie tun mir weh.\" Love lies sie los und erwiderte ein unausgesprochenes 'Danke'. \"Bitte.\" Er berührte leicht mit der Hand ihren Rücken, um ihr die Richtung zu deuten. Als wäre sie allergisch auf seine Berührung machte sie einen großen Schritt nach vorne. Die warme fast untergegangene Abendsonne tauchte alles in ein dunkelrotes Licht. Jeder Soldat, an dem sie vorbeiliefen, salutierte. Als sie das große Kasernentor, welches in mitten der Mauer, die mit spitzen Stacheln besetzt war, in die Stadt hinausführte, erreichten, wurde es für sie von zwei Soldaten geöffnet. Und da war sie. Die Welt, die Honey so lange vorenthalten worden war. Als sie zum Padre gebracht wurde, war sie vor Schmerzen benebelt gewesen, zurück in die Kaserne hatte Love sie größtenteils getragen. Nun stand sie da, keine Mauern oder Ketten. Die Kaserne befand sich gut zweihundert Meter entfernt vom Markt und direkt neben der Kirche, das wusste Honey. Sie kannte das Pueblo, schließlich hatte sie hier bis vor kurzem gelebt - in Freiheit. Eine breite Straße führte in Richtung Markt, an den Straßenrändern die braunen, weißen Häuser. Es war schwül und es waren einige Menschen unterwegs. \"Versuch nicht wegzurennen.\" Honey schnaufte verächtlich. \"Und wenn ich um Hilfe schreie?\" \"Und was glaubst du, wer dir hilft?\" Honey sah Love kurz an, welcher nur arrogant lächelte. Den Hauptmann des Pueblos würde niemand angreifen. Schnell sah sie wieder weg, als ihr aus irgendeinem Grund die Erinnerung an die Szene mit Fernanda durch den Kopf schoss. Sie liefen weiter und erreichten den Markt. Es war ein großer Platz, eingerahmt von hohen, weißen Häusern, der allerdings über und über mit Ständen bedeckt war. Einige Leute tummelten sich hier. Es roch nach Fleisch, nach Gewürzen und Tabak. Love lief zielstrebig auf einen Stand zu und kaufte einen Laib Brot, während er die Pesos aus seiner Jackentasche holte. Er brach etwas ab und reichte es Honey. \"Danke\", sagte sie abweisend. Sie biss ein kleines Stück ab, während Love beherzt zu essen begann. Sie schlenderten jetzt weiter. Es gab Stände mit Hüten, mit Tüchern, mit Blumen, Gewürzen, lebendigen und toten Tieren, Fellen… an einem Auslegetisch mit verschiedenen weißen Blusen blieb Love stehen. Er musterte Honey. Dann ging er, ohne weitere Fragen auf den Stand zu und nahm eine weiße Baumwollbluse, die er der Verkäuferin weiterreichte. Honey wendete sich ab. Sie sah über die Stände, die Menschen, alle frei, unbeschwert. Ihr Blick fiel auf einen Mann, der sie ebenfalls ansah. Auch, nachdem ihr Blick ihn erneut streifte, starrte er sie an. Ganz langsam realisierten ihre Augen, dass sie diese Gesichtszüge kannte… Ihr Kopf brauchte länger, um zu begreifen, dass Alejandro nur einige Meter von ihr entfernt auf einer stillstehenden Kutsche saß. Sein wilder Bart war einem breiten Schnurrbart und einem kleinen Kinnbart gewichen, sein schwarzes Haar, immer noch üppig an seine Schultern fallend, wirkte etwas geordneter. Die Zeit schien stillzustehen. Wie in Zeitlupe erhob sich Alejandro. Eine Hand griff an Honeys Schulter. Sie fuhr herum. Love, das Kleidungsstück überm Arm, blickte Honey an. Wenn er nur etwas aufschauen würde, würde er Alejandro sehen. Honey ging in einer ruckartigen Bewegung um Love herum, er drehte sich ihr reflexartig zu und packte ihren Arm. Nun war es wieder Honey, die Alejandro sehen konnte, während Love ihm den Rücken zugewandt hatte. \"Was ist los?\" Diego de la Vega drückte Alejandro sachte auf die Schulter, um ihn in eine sitzende Position zu bringen. \"Mach dich noch ein bisschen größer und wir haben die ganze Garnison auf dem Hals\", raunte er seinem Schützling zu. Alejandro schien sprachlos. Erstarrt saß er, nun halb abgewandt, auf der Kutsche und warf Seitenblicke auf die Szene, ohne den Kopf zu drehen. \"Da ist sie.\" \"Da ist er\", korrigierte Diego. \"Du weißt, was ich über den Kreis gesagt habe, den der Captain noch nicht betreten hat-\" \"Das Mädchen. Das ist sie\", sagte Alexander tonlos. Unwillkürlich blickte Diego zu Love. Tatsächlich. Er stand vor mit einem hübschen Mädchen, dem er ein weißes Blusenkleid gab. Alejandro hatte seit ihrem Kennenlernen nicht mehr von ihr gesprochen. \"Es scheint ihr gut zu gehen\", sagte Diego ruhig. Er musste Alejandro unbedingt von Dummheiten abzuhalten. \"Sie spricht mit ihm\", zischte Alejandro. \"Er spricht mit ihr.\" Die einfachen Worte klangen wie eine Kriegserklärung. \"Hat sie dich gesehen?\" Alejandro nickte. Schnell sprach Diego weiter: \"Sie versucht offensichtlich, ihn abzulenken. Wir müssen verschwinden. Sie scheint, die Lage unter Kontrolle-\" \"Ich dachte, sie sei tot!\", flüsterte Alejandro voll Schmerz. \"Ich dachte, er hätte sie umgebracht… Oder er… Was, wenn er…\" \"Alejandro\", raunte Diego, der eine Eskalation kommen sah, \"Du kannst ihr noch nicht helfen. Sie-\" In diesem Moment brach ein Tumult auf dem Markt aus. Ein prächtiger, schwarzer Hengst galoppierte ungezähmt durch die kleinen Zwischenwege, die die Besucher des Marktes passierten und die von Ständen flankiert waren. Ausstelltische wurden umgerissen, Menschen warfen sich angsterfüllt zur Seite. Hinter dem Hengst versuchte eine Gruppe berittener Soldaten, denen das Pferd anscheinend entkommen war, das Tier wieder einzufangen. So abgelenkt Alejandro auch war - er konnte den Gedanken nicht unterdrücken, dass dieser schwarze Prachthengst ihn an Tornado, Zorros Pferd erinnerte. Doch er fing sich wieder und suchte nach Honey. Was er sah, beruhigte ihn nicht. \"Zur Seite!\", kommandierte Love und stieß Honey weg, bevor er mit einer raschen Bewegung in Richtung des Pferdes hechete, dass im nächsten Moment gefährlich nah an Honey und ihm selbst vorbeigerauscht wäre. Der Hengst bäumte sich auf einem breiten Stück Weg auf und wieherte ungehemmt. Honey blickte kurz zum Pferd, dann suchten ihre Augen Alejandro. Er war nicht zu sehen, es herrschte wirres Durcheinander. Mühsam rappelte sie sich auf. Love war gerade dabei, mit einer Mischung aus Vorsicht und Aggression das wilde Tier beim Zügel zu packen und hinunter zu ziehen. Den Blick auf Love gerichtet entfernte sich Honey vorsichtig einige Meter, als sie gegen jemanden stieß. Es war ein alter Mann mit grauen, langen Haaren und wachen Augen. Sie drohte, zu fallen, doch mit einer erstaunlich flinken Bewegung fing der Mann sie auf. \"Danke- ich\" \"Hast du dir wehgetan, Mädchen?\", fragte Diego. \"Nein, ich...\", gedankenverloren lies Honey den Blick über den Tumult auf dem Platz schweifen. Alejandro war nirgends zu sehen. In diesem Moment kam Love mit einem Korporal angelaufen, den er heftig anfuhr. Honey erkannte ihn - Korporal Lopez. \"… und sorgen Sie dafür, dass die Schäden beseitigt werden!\" Der Korporal salutierte und machte sich davon, während Love sich Honey zuwandte. Er würdigte den alten Mann keines Blickes. \"Alles in Ordnung?\", fragte er viel aggressiver, als es der Inhalt seiner Frage zuließ. \"Ja\", sagte Honey, bemüht gefasst. \"Ich werde veranlassen, dass du zur Kaserne zurück eskortierst wirst. Ich muss hier für Ordnung sorgen.\" Honey nickte, mit den Gedanken immer noch bei Alejandro. Love winkte einen Soldaten herbei und gab ihm Anweisungen. Bevor er sich umdrehte, um den Wirbel auf dem Platz zu beruhigen, trat er etwas näher an Honey heran. Was war los mit ihr? Sie sah aus, als hätte sie ein Gespenst gesehen. Vielleicht hatte sie das wilde Pferd und die nahe Gefahr aus dem Konzept gebracht - aber das sah ihr eigentlich nicht ähnlich. Er legte ihr eine Hand unters Kinn und hob ihren Kopf. \"Wenn ich wiederkomme, will ich wissen, wie das Kleid an dir aussieht.\" Er nickte zu dem Blusenkleid hin, dass er ihr gegeben hatte. Er lies von ihr ab und ging in Richtung der Pferde und Soldaten Diego fand Alejandro bei der verabredeten Stelle, eine verwinkelte Seitengasse, von der aus man den Markt gerade so überblicken konnte. Honey war nicht zu sehen, der Platz war zu überfüllt mit Ständen, Menschen, die sich immer noch vom Schock erholten, und nun auch Pferden und Soldaten. Wie ein unruhiges Tier wechselte Alejandro von einem Fuß auf den anderen und rieb sich die Hände. \"Es geht ihr gut\", sagte Diego. \"Er hat mit ihr geredet, oder? Was will er von ihr?\" \"Er hat sich nach ihrem Wohlergehen erkundigt.\" Diego wusste, dass es kalt von ihm war, die Details zu verbergen. Aber dem Mädchen konnte im Moment nicht geholfen werden. Wenn Alejandro einen Berufssoldaten wie Love im jetztigen Lernstadium angriff, würde der Kampf nicht lange dauern. Tatsächlich schien der Captain besorgt um das Mädchen, zumindest interessiert. Allerdings wirkte sie nicht gefasst. Diego konnte nur inständig hoffen, dass er nicht mitverschuldete, dass Alejandros Schwester fürchterlich missbraucht würde. Er wollte Alejandro weiter beruhigen, als dieser sich schon in Bewegung gesetzt hatte. Diego wusste auch warum: Honey ging, dicht begleitet von einem Soldaten, an der Seitenstraße vorbei. Als sie die Gasse passiert hatten, hörten Alejandro und Diego den Soldaten sagen: \"Jetzt rechts.\" Sie bogen also in die parallele Straße ein. Alejandro lief in Richtung Ende der Gasse. Er war nur eine Häuserlinie von ihr entfernt. Es zerriss ihn. Dann, plötzlich, tat sich eine Verbindungsöffnung zwischen Alejandros und Honeys Weg auf. Die beiden waren genau gleich auf und Honeys Blick ging, zunächst beiläufig zur Seite. Dann sah sie Alejandro. Es geschah schnell. Sie setzte sich in Bewegung, wollte zu Alejandro. Dieser wurde von Diego gepackt und in den Schatten eines Gebäudes gezogen. Honey kam bis in die enge Gasse hinein, als der Soldat, der sie begleitet hatte, sie von hinten packte. \"Du hast wohl den Verstand verloren!\", presste er hervor, die sich wehrende Honey festhaltend, \"Was glaubst du, was der Captain mit mir macht, wenn mir ein kleines Ding wie du entwischt?!\" Alejandro machte Anstalten, einzugreifen, als er sah, wie, angelockt durch die Stimme des Soldaten, drei weitere Uniformierte in die Gasse traten. \"...Befehl vom Captain. Sie soll zur Garnision.\" \"Hast dir ja nicht den besten Fluchtweg ausgesucht, was, Kleine?\", fragte ein Soldat und lachte. \"Müssen wir dich fesseln oder kommst du jetzt so mit?\" \"Ich komme\", sagte Honey mit zittriger Stimme. Sie wagte es nicht, in Richtung Alejandro zu schauen. Eine Träne lief ihre Wange hinunter, als sie die Gasse verließ. Der Soldat redete, bis sie die Tür erreichten, erzürnte sich und murmelte Entschuldigungen. \"Genug\", fuhr Love barsch dazwischen, der, ohnehin in Gedanken versunken, nicht zugehört hatte. Mondlicht fiel durch das Flurfenster. Es war mitten in der Nacht und Love, der gerade erst von dem Ausflug mit eingen seiner Soldaten zurückgekehrt war, war am Garnisionseingang mit der Schilderung des Vorfalls am Nachmittag empfangen worden. Er öffnete die Tür. Honey saß am Bettrand, die Hände in den Schoß gelegt und sah Love nicht direkt an, als er eintrat. Ihre Miene zeigte eine Mischung aus Trotz und Sorge. \"Sir… wir mussten sie natürlich aufhalten… Und sie hat eine Schussverletzung am Bein. Die scheint… sich ein wenig entzündet zu haben.\" Love nickte leicht. \"Das wäre dann alles\", sagte er zum Soldaten, den Blick nach wie vor kalt auf Honey gerichtet. Der Soldat salutierte und ging, immer noch aufgeregt, davon. Love schloss die Tür. Gemächlich trat er in den Raum, zog seine Handschuhe aus, legte sie auf den kleinen Tisch. \"Was erwartest du?\", fragte Love, \"Dass ich dich jetzt einsperre? Züchtige? Nein...\", sagte er und lächelte. Er nahm sich den kleinen Hocker und setzte sich Honey gegenüber. Sie hob den Blick. \"Du wolltest gar nicht fliehen, oder?\" Es war eine einfache Feststellung. Doch Loves Blick und sein leises, freudloses Lächeln zeigten es. Er wusste es. Als sie ihn anblickte und nichts erwiderte, sah er sich offenbar bestätigt. Er stieß ein kaltes Lachen aus. \"Wäre ich mal mitgekommen...\" \"Ihr Plan geht nicht auf\", fiel Honey ihm ins Wort. In ihren Augen standen Tränen. \"Er hat es gesehen, sie haben mich festgehalten. Er hat mir nicht geholfen. Er wird nicht kommen, ich bin kein Köder für ihn.\" Love blickte sie an, das Lächeln eingefroren. Sie wusste also bescheid. \"Nun... Ich denke du irrst dich. Er war heute nur unterlegen. Aber die Zeit wird kommen, wenn er dumm genug ist, zu denken, er könne sich mit mir anlegen.\" Honey stand auf und ging durchs Zimmer zur kahlen Wand neben der Tür, Love den Rücken zugewendet. Tränen flossen unkontrolliert ihre Wangen hinab, auch wenn sie nicht schluchzte. Selbst ihre Stimme war nur etwas höher, als sie sagte: \"Das ist es also? Wenn ich Recht habe, können Sie mich direkt beseitigen, weil ich nutzlos bin.. Wenn Sie Recht haben, verliere ich Alejandro auch?\" So war es. Während der Soldat Love erzählt hatte, dass sie einfach losgerannt war, in eine Sackgasse hinein, war ihm sofort klar geworden, was das bedeutete. Die Kleine war nicht dumm. Nur ein Grund wie das Auftauchen ihres Bruders konnte sie zu solch unüberlegtem Verhalten geführt haben. Und ja - er hatte ihr nicht geholfen. Doch Love hatte nicht gelogen, als er sagte, der Bastard würde es noch versuchen. Love war fest davon überzeugt. Selbstüberschätzung lag schließlich in der Natur von Banditen. Allerdings war Love sich nicht sicher, ob die Anwesenheit von Honey noch von großer Bedeutung war. Alejandros Hass war sicher nach dem Anblick des Mädchen, gefangen von seinen Soldaten, ausreichend geschürt. Als Honey herumfuhr, da Love nicht auf ihre Frage geantwortet hatte, war dieser ihr so nahe gekommen, dass sie fast gegen ihn stieß. Nur ein Fuß Abstand war zwischen ihnen, doch Honey sah ihm direkt in die Augen, erwiderte seinen typischen, durchdringenden Blick. Er sollte sie mit der nächsten Gefangenenkutsche einfach wegbringen lassen oder sie in die Zelle sperren. Ja, das war die beste Entscheidung, dachte er noch. Im nächsten Moment hatte er sie zu sich gezogen und legte seine Lippen auf ihre.[Chapter 15] Kapitel 15 - Der Pferdedieb Zunächst spürte er ihre weichen, warmen Lippen, die er am Tag zuvor schon berührt hatte. Doch noch während er den Kuss intensiver werden ließ, schoss ihm unwillkürlich ein Gedanke durch den Kopf: Das war es also. Es war passiert. Er ließ sich hinreißen. Zum ersten Mal in seiner auch objektiv gesehen erfolgreichen Karriere ließ er sich ablenken. Er wollte aufhören, doch wie schon zuvor geschah genau das Gegenteil. Er spürte jetzt erst, wie steif Honey in seinen Armen lag, dass ihre Hand gegen seine Brust gepresst war und ihr Hinterkopf die Handfläche Loves, die ihn zu seinem Gesicht presste, nach hinten zu schieben suchte. Love änderte die Position, umfasste Honeys Kinn sanft und beugte sich zu ihr hinunter. \"Versuch es, es wird dir nicht wehtun... Lass los\", flüsterte er, seine Stirn an ihrer, schwer atmend, während er mit dem Daumen über ihre Lippe strich. Er spürte ihre Tränen von vorher auf seinem Gesicht, und auch, wie sich ihre Brust hob und senkte, während er sie erneut küsste. Doch sie wurde steifer, erstarrte noch mehr. Schluckend ließ er von ihr ab, beide Arme jeweils nah an ihrem Kopf an die Wand gestützt, das Gesicht so immernoch nah bei ihr. Er beruhigte sein Atmen und sah in ihre schockierte Miene, dann lachte er und richtete sich auf. Was hatte er sich bloß gedacht. \"Du hast noch nicht viele Männer geküsst, was?\" \"Raus!\", zischte Honey, entsetzt über das Geschehene. Love lachte nur noch lauter, nahm seine Handschuhe und verließ den Raum. Honey begann zu zittern. Nicht dass er sie geküsst hatte, war das Schlimmste, dass er sie berührt und gestreichelt hatte, ihr zugeflüstert hatte. Das Schlimmste war, und bei der Erkenntnis kamen ihr erneut die Tränen, dass Honey einige Moment wirklich versucht gewesen war, sich ihm völlig hinzugeben. Ein Knall zerriss die Nacht. Loves Augen öffneten sich und binnen Sekunden war er aufgerichtet. Er stürtzte zum Fenster. Was er sah, ließ seinen Mund offen stehen. Der Hauptteil der Kaserne, das hölzerne Gebäude, in dem die Soldaten schliefen, wo sich Waffen und Schießpulver befangen, war mit einer Explosion zusammengefallen wie ein Kartenhaus. Love stieß einen Wutschrei aus und schlüpfte, so schnell er konnte, in seine Uniform. Auf dem Hof war der Teufel los. Soldaten rannten durch die brennende Baracke, der Hof war vom Feuer hell erleuchtet. Love packte einen vorbeilaufenden Soldaten. \"Was ist hier passiert?! \"Sir, ein Eindringling... er wollte ein Pferd stehlen und hat die halbe Garnison zerstört.\" \"Das sehe ich\", presste Love zwischen den Zähnen hervor, \"Wo ist dieser Mann jetzt?\" \"Er konnte entkommen. Aber er muss in der Umgebung sein, er schien das Pferd nicht unter Kontrolle zu haben.\" \"Stellen Sie sofort zehn Männer zusammen, wir durchsuchen das Gebiet!\", befahl Love. Er drehte sich zum von Flammen erhellten Hof und sah zu, wie die halbe Kaserne buchstäblich in Rauch aufging. Vor der Kirche war weder ein Pferd, noch sonst eine Gestalt zu sehen. Doch da sie in unmittelbarer Nähe zur Garnison und zu Monteros Hacienda lag, stürmte Love nach kurzer Zeit auf den Brunnenplatz vor ihr und befahl seinen Männern, die Tore zu öffnen. Während die Soldaten in die Kirche rannten, rief Love, inzwischen vom ersten Schock genesen, Anweisungen in das Kirchenschiff. \"Alles wird durchsucht! Die Kapelle, die Empore, die Sakristei... alles.\" Wutentbrannt stürmte Padre Felipe, der sich vor kurzem noch um Honey gekümmert hatte, durch die Bankreihen auf Love zu. \"Das ist das Haus Gottes!\", sagte er empört und stellte sich direkt vor Love. Zornig sah zu ihm auf. Love, seelenruhig, nahm seinen Uniformhut und sah langsam auf den Padre hinab. \"Keine Sorge Padre\", meinte er mit leisem Lächeln, \"bevor der Hausherr zurückkommt, sind wir weg.\" Mit diesem Worten ließ er den Mann stehen und folgten den letzten Soldaten, die in Richtung Altar schwärmten. Dieser Witz von einem Mann sollte sich bloß nicht mit ihm anlegen, geschweige denn den Versuch wagen, einen Bandit vor seinen Augen zu verstecken. Er sah sich um. Die Kirche war klein, aber prächtig. Als er sich in Richtung Kircheneingang drehte, sah er, wie Elena Montero aus dem Beichtstuhl kam und schnurgerade in Richtung Ausgang lief. \"Elena!\", rief Love. Sie blieb stehen und drehte sich ihm zu, die Lippen zu einem strahlenden Lächeln geformt. Love, der auf sie zuging, konnte nicht anders, als das Lächeln zu erwidern. Dennoch fragte er bestimmt: \"Was tun Sie hier?\" \"Ich war beichten.\" \"Beichten?\", fragte Love ungläubig. Was eine Frau wie Elena wohl zu beichten hatte... Doch dann fiel Loves Blick auf die geschlossene Priesterkabine des Beichtstuhls. Er sah zum Padre, der sich der Szene näherte. \"Wem denn? Der Priester ist hier!\" Er deutete auf den alten Mann. Elena blickte Love an, mit einer Mischung aus bleibendem Lächeln und Irritation. Doch Love ging ein Licht auf. Mit ernster Miene sah er zurück zum Beichtstuhl und ging zwei Schritte rückwärts, Elena seicht nach hinten schiebend. \"Gehn Sie bei Seite, Elena. ... Bitte.\" Er zog seine Waffe, richtete sie auf Kopfhöhe auf den Beichtstuhl und drückte ab. Der Schuss hallte durch die Kirche. Love verharrte einen Moment, dann riss er die nun halb zerschossene, hölzerne Tür auf und richtete, in Erwartung eines Angriffes, den Revolver auf den Innenraum. Er war leer. Love senkte die Waffe und ging ruckartig in die Kabine hinein. An der Decke war ein Schlitz - ein improvisierter Fluchtweg. Love ergriff den hängenden Leinenfetzen und sah hinauf - nichts. Mit wütendem Schnauben ließ er den Leinen los und sah zu Boden. Dann atmete er tief durch. Er würde nicht vor Elena die Beherrschung verlieren. Langsam, ganz langsam trat er aus dem Beichtstuhl hinaus, mit einem Blick, der so voll unterdrückter Wut und Drohung war, dass es ein Wunder war, dass der Padre ihn erwidern konnte. \"Aus Rücksicht auf Senorita Montero\", er nickte kurz zu Elena, \"komme ich auf Sie später zurück, Padre.\" Er ließ seinen Worten eine nachdrückliche Stille folgen, bevor er sich an Elena wandte. \"Ich geleite Sie zurück zur Hacienda, Senorita.\" Mit einem scharfen Blick und einer Handbewegung wies er seine Soldaten an, den Padre nicht gehen zu lassen, bevor er Elena galant in Richtung Ausgang führte. \"Captain, was ist denn eigentlich los?\", fragte Elena, als die beiden das über den Brunnenplatz liefen. \"Ein Pferdedieb hat heute Nacht sein Unwesen getrieben\", sagte Love mit bitterer Stimme. Elena war froh, dass in der Dunkelheit der Nacht die Röte in ihrem Gesicht nicht zu sehen war. Sie wusste genau, dass sie soeben keinem Padre \"gebeichtet\" hatte. Love hatte kaum geschlafen in dieser Nacht und doch war es kurz vor sechs Uhr morgens, als er mit Montero über den Kasernenhof zu den noch rauchenden Überresten des Lagerhauses lief. \"Wie konnte ein einziger Mann so viel Zerstörung anrichten?\", fragte Montero fassungslos. \"Nun, teilweise mit Hilfe eines wilden Andalusiers, den Lopez mit einigen Männern erst gestern eingefangen hatte. Er wollte ihn offensichtlich stehlen.\" \"Ist es gelungen?\" \"Ja\", presste Love zwischen den Zähnen hervor, \"Der Kerl ist verschwunden.\" \"Hinweise? Auffälligkeiten?\" \"Er trug eine Maske.\" Montero blieb abrupt stehen. Love hatte diese Reaktion vorhergesehen, wusste er doch um den maskierten Volksheld, der Montero einst das Leben so schwer gemacht hatte. \"Eine Maske...\", flüsterte Montero blass. \"Eine Maske. Und... Don Rafael - er hinterließ einen Buchstaben in der Kasernenmauer.\" Montero sah Love direkt ins Gesicht. Seine Augen zeigten Panik. Love, der sich nicht viel aus alten Volksmärchen machte, beschwichtigte seinen Vorgesetzten: \"Es war eindeutig ein junger Mann. Ein Imitateur, süchtig nach Aufmerksamkeit, mehr nicht.\" \"Finden Sie diesen Mann\", zischte Montero, \"Und hängen Sie ihn auf der Plaza auf.\" Love nickte. Er blickte Montero hinterher, welcher in Richtung Hacienda davonrauschte. Er würde ihn finden. Und er würde ihn liebend gern hängen lassen. Sein Blick fiel zurück auf den zur Hälfte in Asche und Ruinen gelegten Kasernenhof. Soldaten rannten umher, Überreste sammelnd, aufräumend, für Ordnung sorgend. Auch einige von Monteros Bediensteten halfen. Vor dem Eingang zur unzerstörten Hälfte der Garnison, in der sich die Küche, die Übungshalle, Loves Schlafgemach und die Verließzellen befanden, stand Honey und sah regungslos zu dem Geschehen auf der anderen Seite hinüber. Neben ihr lag ein Sack Kartoffeln auf dem Boden. Love schlenderte auf sie zu. Honey bemerkte ihn, als er noch gute zehn Meter entfernt von ihr war, und wollte sich in Bewegung setzen - allerdings scheiterte sie daran, den großen Kartoffelsack zu heben. Als Love sie erreichte, zog sie immer noch vergebens daran. Sie merkte, dass es aussichtslos war und wandte sich stattdessen wieder an die Ruinen. \"Was ist da passiert?\" \"Ein Dieb ist letzte Nacht eingedrungen. Hast du die Explosion nicht gehört?\" \"Doch\", sagte Honey leise. Sie hatte ohnehin keinen Schlaf gefunden. \"Was wollte er?\" \"Ein Pferd stehlen.\" Love blickte sie durchdringend an. Als sie seinen Blick spürte, sah sie mit offenem Mund zu ihm. \"Was? Glauben Sie, ich weiß etwas darüber?\", fragte sie ironisch. Love sah sie noch einen Moment ernst an. Dann hob er mit einer galanten Bewegung den Kartoffelsack hoch. \"In die Küche, nehme ich an.\" \"Das kann ich auch allein\", meinte sie, als er sich schon in Bewegung setzte. \"Das sah gerade ganz anders aus.\" Er trug den Sack in die Küche, gefolgt von Honey, und legte ihn auf dem massiven Holztisch ab. \"Danke\", murmelte Honey. Sie nahm sich ein großes Messer, welches auf der Herdplatte lag, und schnitt damit den Kartoffelsack auf. \"Wie sah er denn aus?\", fragte sie, bemüht beiläufig, während sie einige der grossen Knollen auf den Tisch legte und zu putzen begann. \"Er trug eine Maske.\" Honey sah auf. \"Warum denn das?\" \"Damit man ihn nicht erkennt, nehme ich an\", sagte Love leise. \"Ich meine... das macht doch heute niemand einfach so... das Volk bringt so etwas sofort mit Zorro in Verbindung.\" \"Als du Murieta gestern gesehen hast\", fiel ihr Love unwirsch ins Wort und Honey zuckte zusammen, als er den Nachnamen aussprach, \"welchen Eindruck hat er auf dich gemacht?\" Honey blickte ihn einen Moment, in der Bewegung verharrend, an, den Mund offen, ungläubig. Dann verdrehte sie die Augen. \"Ich weiß nicht... Er- Es waren vielleicht insgesamt fünf Sekunden!\" Loves innere Unruhe wuchs. Er spürte Zorn in sich aufwallen, nicht die ironische, arrogante Wut, die er Honey gegenüber stets aufgrund seiner Überlegenheit empfunden hatte, sondern echte Aggression. Dass der Dieb gestern entkommen war, direkt vor seiner Nase, mit der Hilfe eines alten Pfarrers, die Blamage, setzten ihm so zu, dass seine Überlegenheit und kalte Gelassenheit in ein Gefühl umschwenkten, dass ihn seine Muskeln anspannen ließ. \"Du hast mir, seit du hier bist, keine Informationen geben können. Keine Einzige. Wenn du dich also einmal nützlich machen willst, beantworte meine Frage ausführlich.\" Honey sah die Veränderung in seinen Augen, hörte das Beben in seiner Stimme. Unwillkürlich umklammerte sie das Messer fester. \"Er... sah gut aus. Gesund. Gepflegt. Ich hätte ihn erst.. Ich hätte ihn erst gar nicht erkannt.\" Love nickte. Die Information brachte ihn nicht viel weiter, und das wusste er auch. \"Hast du mit ihm gesprochen?\", fragte er. Honey schüttelte den Kopf. Nach einem Moment sagte sie: \"Ich glaube nicht, dass er es war. Das ist nicht seine Art. Eine Maske... das passt nicht.\" Sie setzte sich hin und redete bei der Arbeit weiter, ohne Love anzusehen, als würde es das einfacher für sie machen. Tatsächlich fühlte sie sich bei jedem Wort schuldig, als würde sie geheime Informationen preisgeben. \"Er liebte die Aufmerksamkeit, genau wie..\" \"Joaquin\", beendete Love den Satz, den sie begonnen hatte. Nach wie vor konnte sie seinen Namen nicht in Loves Gegenwart nennen. Ihm fiel auf, dass sie tatsächlich in all der Zeit nur wenig über die Murietas gesprochen hatte. Honey nickte. \"Wozu sollte er sich verhüllen, wenn ihn sowieso die ganze Stadt sucht? Und wozu sollte er überhaupt ein einzelnes Pferd brauchen, und dann ausgerechnet aus dem Militärstützpunkt der Stadt geklaut?\" \"Und warum hat er, wenn er schonmal hier war, nicht nach dir gesucht?\" Honey blickte auf. \"Sie sind widerlich.\" Love lächelte kalt und spürte somit, dass seine Arroganz gegenüber Honey wieder da war und der Zorn sich langsam gab. Aus irgendeinem Grund beruhigte ihn das. Er setzte zum Gang in die Übungshalle an, als Geschrei auf dem Hof seine Schritte in die andere Richtung lenkten. Love blieb im Flur vor der Küche stehen und blickte durch das Fenster hinaus. Padre Felipe wurde von zwei Soldaten in Richtung des Gebäudes gezerrt - in Richtung der Zellen. Er schrie und wehrte sich. \"Dass Sie es wagen! Die Kirche ist ein Ort des Asyls! Lassen Sie mich los!\" Das rangelnde Trio hatte den Gang erreicht. Als der Padre Love erblickte, beruhigte er sich etwas. Mit einem kalten Nicken gab Love seinen Soldaten zu verstehen, dass sie den Padre loslassen sollten. Er taumelte zwei Schritte vorwärts in den Gang hinein. \"Ich bin ein Mann Gottes. Ich beschütze die, die-\" Love unterbrach den Padre, indem er seinen Colt zog und direkt zwischen die Augen des Padres zielte. \"Hier gelten meine Regeln. Und für mich sind alle, die Verbrechern Obhut gewähren, ebenfalls Verbrecher. Sie können froh sein, dass wir heute schon genug Abfall in unserem Hof haben, sonst würde ich Sie auf der Stelle erschiessen.\" Ein Soldat lachte verhalten, doch er verstummte, als Loves Augen die seinen trafen. Der Captain meinte es ernst. \"Sperrt ihn in die Zelle. Ich will alles erfahren, was er über den Eindringling weiß. Und wenn dann noch etwas von ihm übrig ist - vierzig Peitschenhiebe für Verrat.\" Die Soldaten ergriffen den Padre wieder bei den Armen und führten ihn in Richtung Treppe zu den Verliesen. Love folgte ihnen mit dem Blick. Als seine Augen den Türrahmen zur Küche streiften, sah er Honey darin stehen, die die Szene erschrocken beobachtet hatte. Kalt registrierte er ihre Verwirrung und setzte sich in Bewegung. Schon der Anblick des alten Mannes hatte seinen Zorn wieder aufkeimen lassen. Als er direkt an der Küche vorbeigehen wollte, den Wachen hinterher zu den Zellen, stolperte er fast über Honey, die sich ihm ruckartig direkt in den Weg stellte.[Chapter 16] Kapitel 16 - Annäherungen \"Er hat Recht\", sagte sie, Love die ausgebreitete Hand entgegensteckend, \"die Kirche ist Ort des Asyls.\" \"Halt dich da raus\", sagte der Captain kalt, steckte den Colt, den er noch in der Hand hielt, ins Holster und wollte einfach weitergehen, als Honey einen weiteren Schritt zur Seite trat und ihm so weiterhin den Weg versperrte. Love blickte, Wut unterdrückend, zu ihr hinunter. Er holte einmal Luft und stieß sie kontrolliert wieder aus. Er griff mit beiden Händen die Seiten ihrer Schultern und zog sie etwas hoch zu sich, nicht grob, aber mit sanfter Gewalt. Sie schluckte und fuhr unwillkürlich zusammen, das Gesicht etwas zurückziehend. Sie spürte noch immer, wie seine Lippen am letzten Abend auf die Ihren gepresst waren. Love lächelte nicht, was noch beunruhigender war. Sein Zorn brodelte in ihm, da die Niederlage in der Kirche an seinem Stolz gekratzt hatte. Er blickte ihr fest ins Gesicht, in ihre Augen, auf ihre Lippen, wieder in ihre Augen. Der stille, merkwürdig bedrohende Moment ging vorbei. Dann ließ Love sie los und ging wortlos. Hätte er sie angeschrien und wirklich gepackt, wäre Honey womöglich nicht wesentlich beunruhigter gewesen. Sein Blick hatte ihr eine Gänsehaut auf die Haut gesetzt, auch wenn sie sich nicht vollkommen erklären konnte, warum. Entgegen dem, was Honey sich vorstellte, war Love nur kurze Zeit bei den Zellen. Der Padre hatte bereits viel erzählt - jedoch nichts von Bedeutung. Love ging davon aus, dass er die Wahrheit sagte. Zum einen, weil er ja „ein Mann Gottes war\", zum anderen, weil die Geschichte, so unspektakulär sie war, nicht unrealistisch klang. Der maskierte Dieb war in die Kirche gestürmt und hatte um ein Versteck gebeten, welches der Padre in Form des Beichtstuhls gewährt hatte. Love ließ sich das Gesagte überbringen und ging in die völlig leere Übungshalle. Er nahm seinen Degen zur Hand und begann, Übungen zu vollführen. Ausfälle, Angriffe, Verteidigungsschritte. Er legte seine Wut über den entkommenen Banditen in die Hiebe. Seit einiger Zeit hatte er keinen Fechtkampf mehr geschlagen. Läppische Banditen fing man eben besser mit dem Gewehr. „Sie kämpfen wirklich gut\", ertönte eine Stimme hinter ihm. Love fuhr erstaunt herum. Es war Elena. Sie trug eine braune Robe, die allerdings im Schritt geschnitten war wie eine sehr breite Hose: Ein Reitkleid. „Hätte ich das vorher gesehen, hätte ich nicht die Pferde satteln lassen.\" „Die Pferde?\", fragte Love verwundert. „Nun…\", einen Moment sah sie, beinahe verlegen, zu Boden, dann fuhr sie fort, „Draußen auf dem Hof vor der Hazienda wurde ein Parkour für ein Rennen aufgebaut. Sie sind noch der Einzige Reiter, den ich hier kennengelernt habe. Daher dachte ich…\" Love lächelte. „Sehr gerne, Senorita. Ich bin mir nur nicht sicher, ob…\" „Keine Sorge, ich reite seit meiner Kindheit!\" Beschwingt lief sie vor zum Eingang der Halle. Love war beeindruckt und verwundert zugleich. Er folgte ihr. „Ich fürchte, ich muss mich noch einmal für die Szene entschuldigen, deren Zeuge Ihr gestern werden musstet.\" Elena atmete aus, während sie durch den Eingangsflur zum Kasernenhof liefen. „Nun, mich haben die Ereignisse sehr überrascht. Aber Sie, Mister Love… oder sollte ich Captain sagen? Was für einen Namen ihr habt!\", sie lachte freundlich. Love lächelte. „Nun, er hat mir schon einige Späße eingebracht. Wie gefällt es Euch in California, Senorita?\" „Es ist wundervoll. Die Menschen, die Stadt… Ich kann mir keinen schöneren Ort zum Leben vorstellen und dass sich dies ändert, kann ich mir nicht vorstellen.\" „Ich arbeite seit drei Jahren hier und noch gibt es keinen Grund zu klagen.\" Sie erreichten den weitläufigen Hof hinter der Kaserne, auf dem der Hindernisparkour aufgebaut worden war. Große Wassermelonen steckten auf Holzbalken und waren reife Ziele für die Wettkämpfer, die sich zu Pferd im Galopp und mit geschwungenen Degen hindurch bewegten. Elena bewegte sich tatsächlich zu Pferde wie ein Wirbelwind. Love lag zwar in Führung, doch Elena war ihm nur etwas als eine Pferdelänge hinterher. Immer weiter trieb Love sein Pferd an. Soldaten und umstehende Diener jubelten und feuerten an. Kurz vor dem Ziel gab Love seinem Pferd erneut die Sporen und rauschte so mit eindeutigem, wenn auch nicht allzugroßem Vorsprung ins Ziel, das durch einen hohen Balken mit aufgesetztem Querbalken markiert wurde, an dem zwei Ringe hingen. Er hob seinen Degen, um den Ring auf seiner Seite aus der Verankerung zu lösen und gewann das Rennen. Leicht außer Atem trafen sich Love und Elena, etwas entfernt von der Ziellinie. Sie lachte und atmete aus. Love stieg vom Pferd, nahm seinen Hut ab und half auch ihr aus dem Sattel. „Sehr gut gemacht, Miss Montero, beinahe hättet Ihr gewonnen!\" „Nun, ich konnte gerade so mithalten.\" Die beiden lachten und Love fielen die Grübchen auf ihren Wangen auf. Eine Haut, zart wie Seide, dezent gebräunt. „Captain\", ertönte eine Stimme von hinten und riss Love aus seiner Beobachtung. Es war Don Rafael Montero, der mit ernster, beinahe aufgebrachter Miene auf Love und Elena zuging. „Eure Tochter reitet wirklich beeindruckend gut, Don Montero.\" „Das freut mich\", sagte Montero trocken, „Womöglich solltet Ihr sie beim nächsten mal zu einem Ringkampf herausfordern.\" Loves Lächeln verschwand. „Vater!\", zischte Elena, doch Montero sprach weiter, nun an sie gewandt: „Den meisten Frauen ist es gestattet, im Damensattel aszureiten, aber ein Wettkampf?!\" Elena ließ sich nicht beirren, schmunzelte ihren Vater an. „Wenn ich gewusst hätte, dass es dich so aufbringt, hätte ich den Captain gewiss nicht herausgefordert, Vater.\" Montero erstarrte. „DU hast ihn herausgefordert?\" Er wandte sich langsam zu Love. „Ich muss mich bei Euch entschuldigen.\" Love blinzelte, antwortete aber nicht. Elena führte ihren Vater weg vom geschehen, doch sie drehte sich noch einmal um und warf Love ein Lächeln zu, dass er unwillkürlich erwiderte. Er blickte ihnen kurz nach, wies einen Diener an, Elends Pferd zu entsatteln und zu den Ställen zu bringen. Er fühlte sich weiterhin in seinem Stolz gekränkt, nicht weil Elena eine so gute Reiterin war, sondern weil er in ihrer Nähe das unabdingbare Bedürfnis hatte, diese zu erweitern, zu vertiefen. Er wollte sich durch solche Neigungen nicht von seiner Professionalität, seinem Beruf anblenden lassen, doch es fiel nicht leicht. Selbst wenn man alle Hindernisse außer Acht ließ - Love war sich nicht sicher, ob Montero mit einer derartigen Liaison einverstanden wäre. Und es war schließlich nicht so, als gäbe es keine anderen schönen Frauen in der Stadt. Womöglich nur keine, die Elena ebenbürtig war… Unwillkürlich dachte er an die kleine Murieta. Er fühlte eine Mischung aus Erregung, sie sich heute Nacht einfach zu nehmen, und Arroganz, dass dies seinen Stolz nur weiter kränken würde. Wenngleich ihre Abneigung hauptsächlich daher rühren dürfte, dass er ihren Bruder enthauptet hatte und sie unter anderen Umständen womöglich… aber was wäre das für Gedanken. Unter anderen Umständen würde er sich ohnehin nie auf sie einlassen. Er war sich nicht einmal sicher, ob er sie wirklich begehrte, oder ob es nur irgendein Drang war, den er stillen wollte. Ein Akt mit dem Feind? Er lächelte. Love trug seine Uniformhose und das weißes Hemd, als er die Tür zu seinem Gemach öffnete. Mit sturem Gesichtsausdruck stand Honey, ein Tablett mit einer Paella und Kartoffelbrot tragend, vor dem Zimmer. „Bitte\", er öffnete die Tür weit und wies in den Raum hinein. Honeys Hoffnung, er würde ihr einfach das Tablett abnehmen und sie könne gehen, verflüchtigte sich. Sie trat in den ihr nur allzu bekannten Raum und stellte das Tablett auf den Schreibtisch. Loves Blick meidend wollte sie direkt aus dem Zimmer, doch nun war es Love, der ihr den Weg versperrte. „Ich habe etwas für dich.\" Honey sah auf, die Brauen gesenkt. „Ich habe den Padre, der dir so am Herzen liegt, zu Zwangsarbeit verurteilt. Aber um die Peitschenhiebe kommt er herum.\" Honey blinzelte. „Nun… Danke?\", fragte sie beinahe. Sie war irritiert, erleichtert und wütend zugleich. Love ging um sie herum zum Essen. Sie machte Anstalten, den Raum zu verlassen, doch Love sagte: „Leiste mir noch etwas Gesellschaft. Oder hast du Besseres zu tun?\" Er begann zu essen. Honey drehte sich langsam um. „Hm. Ich denke Sie haben vielleicht etwas Besseres zu tun…\" Love starrte sie einen Moment an und hielt beim Kauen inne, bevor er herzhaft lachte. „Hast du schon gegessen?\", fragte er, immer noch lachend. „Ja.\" Love sah auf ihr Kleid, dessen improvisierter Gürtel in der Hüfte ihre sehr dünne Linie unterstrich. „Ich glaube dir kein Wort\", meinte er, doch lächelte weiterhin. „Komm her.\" Honey schloss kurz die Augen, ging dann aber gezwungenermaßen zum Tisch. Love reichte ihr das Brot. „Setz dich\", er wies zum Bett. „Iss.\" Sie nahm es, setzte sich und begann zu kauen. Dabei sah sie auf ihre Füße. Love, sie beobachtend, aß die Paella auf. Wenn sie doch nur aufhören würde, so verschreckt zu sein. Er konnte nie ihre Reaktion einschätzen - manchmal bot sie ihm wie ein Krieger die Stirn, am selben Tag konnte sie noch zur Porzellanpuppe werden. Diese zweite, schwache Seite an ihr, fand er ungeheuer nervig. Da sie dann wie alle anderen war. Irgendwann sah Honey auf und ihre Blicke trafen sich. Love hatte sein Mahl beendet. Honey stand abrupt auf und ging zum Schreibtisch. Sie wollte das Tablett nehmen. In diesem Moment fuhr Love, der nur einige Centimeter daneben saß, nach oben und umfasste Honey sanft von hinten. Eine derartige Berührung hatte er ihr nie zukommen lassen. Seine Arme schlossen sich um ihre Schulter, verschränkten sich vorne, doch es war keine Gewalt, es war eine Art intensive Umarmung. Er senkte das Kinn, so dass seine Lippen die Rückseite ihrer Stirn berührten. Sie war in seinen Armen steif geworden. Da hatte er also richtig gedacht - schon beim Kuss am Vorabend hatte sie sich versteift. Als sie das erste Mal, kurz nach ihrem Aufeinandertreffen, in seine Nähe gekommen war, war dies nicht geschehen, da hatte sie sich mit Händen und Füßen verteidigt. Hatte ihre Stärre nun also nur Selbstbeherrschung zu bedeuten? „Was tun Sie\", fragte Honey tonlos. Love presste seine Lippen gegen ihre Haare, ihre seitliche Stirn, alles, was er von hinten erreichen konnte. Sie öffnete die Arme und seine Umarmung gab nach. Mit zwei schnellen Schritten war sie bei der Tür. Sie war verschlossen. Als sich Honey umdrehte, war ihr blankes Entsetzen ins Gesicht geschrieben. Sie wich etwas zurück, als Love, schwer atmend, auf sie zukam. „Sie haben versprochen, mir nichts zu tun\", quiekte sie, doch er war bereits bei ihr. Mit beiden Händen umfasste er sanft ihr Gesicht. Es kostete ihn Mühe, die Beherrschung nicht zu verlieren, doch darauf hatte er sich vorher eingestellt. „Ich tue dir nichts\", flüsterte er, „Du wirst es auch wollen, du musst nur\", doch er blickte auf ihre Lippen und küsste sie. „Bitte\", presste sie zwischen Loves intensiven Vorstößen hervor, sein Bart kratzte auf ihrer Wange, sein Atem warm auf ihrer Haut, „bitte…\" Love spürte, wie ihre Hände gegen seine Brust drückten. Er ließ ab. Er hatte jetzt zwei Möglichkeiten - sie mit Gewalt nehmen oder sich beruhigen. Seine Taktik der Zärtlichkeit hatte nicht funktioniert. Er blickte Honey kurz an, immer noch schwer atmend, doch der Ansatz der Wärme war aus seinen Augen verschwunden. Er holte Luft und schlug, mit einem Schnauben, die Faust gegen die Tür, nur einige Zentimeter neben Honeys Kopf. Sie zuckte zusammen, beinahe weinend, und schien sich klein zu machen, während Love, mir dem Arm nun an die Wand und so über Honey gelehnt, den Kopf zu Boden hängen ließ und seinen Atem kontrollierte. Er musste nicht nur seinen Zorn, sondern auch seine Erregung beruhigen. Dann sah er auf. Kalt, beinahe hasserfüllt blickte er Honey an. „Mir hätte klar sein müssen, dass du im Schlafzimmer nicht von nutzen bist.\" Und da war es. Honeys Angst schien sich in Wut zu verwandeln, nicht schlagartig, noch glitzerten Tränen in ihren Augen, doch ihre Brauen zogen sich zusammen. „Aber fair ist es nicht… du hast mich bereits entkleidet gesehen, ich dich noch nicht.\" „Auf diese Erinnerung könnte ich verzichten.\" Love schüttelte ungläubig den Kopf über ihre Verwegenheit. Im nächsten Moment ruderte sie zurück und fragte etwas kleinlauter: „Bitte schließen Sie die Tür auf.\" Love blickte sie einen langen Moment an, sein Gesicht immer noch recht nah an ihrem, dann stieß er sich ab und nahm den Schlüssel aus der Tasche und behielt ihn in der Hand. „Ich schließe dir auf. Aber ich würde mich freuen, wenn du noch etwas bleibst.\" Honey blickte ihn hilflos an und trat zur Seite, als er die Tür aufschloss. Nach einem kurzen Moment ging sie zur Tür und verließ den Raum. Er hielt sie nicht auf, auch wenn ein Teil von ihm sie mit allen körperlichen Mitteln besitzen wollte. Er hatte den ganzen Nachmittag über Dokumenten, mit der Beaufsichtigung der Reparaturarbeiten und in der Fechthalle verbracht, so dass er sich nicht den Vorwurf der Überhandnahme seiner Freizeit machen konnte. Da er die Murietas erwischt hatte, hatte er keine ausgedehnte Suche nach Verbrechern am Laufen, was ihn merklich langweilte. Love liebte das Hineinversetzen in seine Feinde, das Ausfällen von Plänen und - natürlich - sie am Ende in die Falle zu locken. Nicht gekleidet wie ein Soldat, eher wie ein junger Aristokrat, betrat er das Bordell und wurde bereits von der Hausdame empfangen. „Captain! Wie schön Sie zu sehen!\", rief die sehr korpulente, betagte Frau schmeichlerisch, doch Love war nicht zum Reden aufgelegt. Die Dame schien dies seinem Gesichtsausdruck zu entnehmen. Der Raum war voller Soldalten, Arbeitern und anderem Gesindel, dass sich an Holztischen ausgiebig unterhielt, Karten spielte, sich besoff und der munteren Klaviermusik lauschte, die ein leicht angetrunkener Mann von einem verstimmten Instrument am Rande des Raumes zum Besten gab. Auf einigen Schößen saßen nur halb bekleidete teils üppige, teils schlankere, alte und junge, hässliche und hinnehmbare Frauen. Die Hausdame beugte sich etwas zu ihm und sagte leise: „Júlia ist im Moment beschäftigt, aber ich aber auch noch zwei andere schwarzhaarige, schöne und schlanke junge Damen hier, die…\" Love unterbrach sie unwirsch, wenn auch mit gesenktem Tonfall. „So jung wie möglich, zierlich, hellhaarig.\" Die Frau sah ihn irritiert an. „Nun, Captain… Die Hellhaarigen bei uns sind schon etwas… reifer, sie wissen. Aber ich habe schöne junge, Ísabel ist erst vor einigen Wochen bei uns eingetroffen, gerade einmal zwölf Jahre alt, die Schöne…\" Love schüttelte den Kopf. „Nicht so jung.\" Er blickte einen Moment angewidert durch den Raum. „Nun, dann eine hellhaarige Ältere.\" Alles in allem war der Abend befriedigend. Zumindest verschwendete Love beim Weg zur Kaserne zurück weder einen Gedanken an Elena, noch an die Kleine Murieta. Es war sehr spät abends, als er sein Schlafgemach betrat, sich wusch, seinen Bart etwas stutzte - es wurde Zeit, wieder einen Barbier aufzusuchen - seine Kleidung ablegte und seine Hose aus Leinen zum Schlafen anzog. Er war bereits im Bett und wollte gerade die Kerze löschen, als es klopfte. Love, alarmiert, schwang sich sofort aus dem Bett. Zu gut erinnerte er sich an den Notfall der letzten Nacht. Was konnte nun schon wieder geschehen sein, mitten in der Nacht? Er ging zur Tür und öffnete sie. Nur ein Strahl Mondschein erhellte den Flur und ließ den Betrachter nur Silhouetten erkennen, doch diese eine war unverkennbar. Überrascht öffnete Love die Tür weiter und ließ Honey in den Raum treten, bevor er mit offenem Mund langsam die Tür hinter ihr schloss. _ Trivia: - Die Szene mit dem Wettkampf zwischen Love und Elena wurde ursprünglich wirklich gedreht, nur nicht in den Film geschnitten. In dem Making-Of der DVD sind Ausschnitte davon zu sehen.[Chapter 17] Kapitel 17 - Sünde und Strafe Sie war ohne großes Zögern in den Raum getreten, mit einer schnellen Bewegung, als hätte sie Angst, es sich doch noch anders zu überlegen. Love musterte sie, während sie sich, bekleidet in weißem, sehr schlichtem, bis zu den Knöcheln reichendem Baumwollnachthemd, ohne Überlegung auf den Stuhl vor seinem Schreibtisch setzte; ein wenig devot und doch voller Selbstverständlichkeit. Love stand da und musterte sie weiterhin. \"Ich habe es schon eimal versucht... Sie waren nicht da...\", sagte sie nach einem Moment, die Augen eine Stelle abseits von seinem nackten Oberkörper suchend. \"Ich war... aus\", antwortete der Captain. Immer noch perplex trat er ein paar Schritte ins Zimmer. \"Was willst du hier?\" Wieder vergingen ein paar Sekunden. \"Ich... kann nicht schlafen.\" Love starrte, dann lachte er kopfschüttelnd, rieb sich über die Augen und ging zum Bett, auf dessen Kante er sich niederließ. \"Und da dachtest du, du lässt mich auch nicht schlafen?\" \"Ich habe Licht gesehen...\" Love grinste. \"Das war keine Einladung für irgendjemanden, schon gar nicht für Gefangene, sich hier einzuquartieren.\" Eine kleine Falte tauchte zwischen Honeys Brauen auf. Sie wollte wohl etwas entgegensetzen, doch sich ihrer seltsamen Handlung bewusst, sagte sie stattdessen leise: \"Ich... brauchte jemanden zum ... Reden. Ich kenne niemanden sonst hier.\" Sie blickte, offenbar wütend über sich selbst, kurz zur Decke, dann fügte sie barsch hinzu: \"Das war dumm von mir. Ich... Ich gehe lieber.\" Sie fuhr hoch und ging zur Tür, doch Love sagte schnell: \"Ich wollte dich nicht rauswerfen. Du willst reden.. - Rede.\" Honey hielt inne, drehte sich um und blickte Love an. Dann setzte sie sich auf den Boden, den Rücken an die Tür gelehnt. \"Setz dich doch nicht-\" \"Der Boden ist sauber. Ich habe ihn selbst gewischt.\" Unwillkürlich lächelte sie, aber das schwand wieder. Als sie weiterhin schwieg, sagte Love irgendwann: \"Wirklich redselig wirkst du nicht-\", doch Honey unterbrach ihn erneut. \"Es- Es ist nicht das Reden. Ich... Da ist niemand. Da ist nichts. Mein Raum ist leer und das ganze Gelände hier ist der völlig falsche Ort für mich.\" Loves Lächeln senkte sich. Das wollte sie ihm sagen? \"Bittest du mich, dich gehen zu lassen?\" Honey sah auf. \"Nein\", sagte sie aufrichtig, aber nun, da ihr der Gedanke kam, leicht wehleidig, \"Nein. Ich suche einfach etwas, das... diese Leere füllt. Die Stille. Die ertrage ich nicht.\" Love lächelte mit offenem Mund. \"Und dafür kommst du her?\" \"Ja\", antwortete sie sehr leise. Sie räusperte sich. \"Wie gesagt, ich sollte besser wieder-\" \"Nein. Bleib.\" Es wurde doch gerade erst interessant. \"Versteh mich nicht falsch - bleib von mir aus. Ich bin nur irritiert, weil ich nach dem, was heute Nachmittag passiert ist, dachte, du...\" Sie blickte auf. Love suchte nach Worten. \"... du würdest nicht so schnell wieder hier auftauchen.\" \"Mir bleibt ja gar nichts anders übrig. Sie zwingen mich-\" \"Nun, jetzt habe ich dich nicht nicht gezwungen.\" Honey verstummte. \"Ich dachte... Es ist doch nur ein Spiel für Sie. Für mich ist es... echt. All das hier.\" \"Nun\", Love setzte sich weiter nach hinten aufs Bett und lehnte sich entspannt an die Wand, \"das ist das Problem schätze ich. Du denkst es sei ein Spiel für mich. Das ist es nicht. Es ist meine Aufgabe, für die ich bezahlt werde, der ich mich gewidmet habe. All das hier.\" Er nickte zum Fenster. Als er wieder in ihr Gesicht sah, hielt sie seinem Blick ernst stand. \"Und ich finde, du hättest es schlimmer treffen können.\" Er lächelte. Sie hatte ja keine Ahnung. Ihre Haare schimmerten rotgolden im Kerzenlicht. Ein Bild des Abends schoss Love durch den Kopf, er, gebeugt über eine auf allen Vieren vor ihm knieende, dreckig-blonde, üppige Frau, die sich stöhnend bewegte, er, in ihre Haare greifend, sie hemmungslos nehmend... \"Haben Sie viele Menschen getötet, Love?\" Der Captain fiel aus der Erinnerung und sah sie abschätzend an. \"Viele? ..Einige. Im Krieg womöglich viele. Warum willst du das wissen?\" \"Ich- nur so.\" Love lächelte. \"Warum willst du das wissen?\", wiederholte er, \"Das verängstigt dich doch nur noch-\" \"Ich bin nicht verängstigt\", fuhr Honey dazwischen, \"Ich- Ich... Sie... Sie waren im Krieg, oder? Natürlich haben Sie Menschen getötet.\" Love nickte. \"In welchem Krieg?\", fragte Honey leise. \"In Texas. Alamo. Marokko.\" \"Marokko?\", fragte Honey mit gerunzelter Stirn. \"Das liegt in Afrika-\" Honey verdrehte die Augen. \"Ich weiß. Ich meine - welcher Krieg?\" \"Ein Feldzug gegen die Franzosen. Für die Spanier.\" \"Ah\", sagte Honey und schwieg, als würde sie sich etwas verkneifen. Love war verwundert, Abneigung gegen Söldner war er eher von eingebildeten Aristokraten und reichen Gutmenschen gewohnt. Es herrschte die Meinung, jene Soldaten ließen sich kaufen... was genau genommen auch stimmte. Dann fiel ihm ein, was Honey über ihren Vater erzählt hatte. \"Dein Vater war auch Söldner, sagtest du?\" \"Ein paar Jahre in der Armee Santa Annas. Er-\" Das Licht im Raum flackerte plötzlich, dann wurde es dunkel. Nur der gerade erloschene Kerzendocht glimmte noch in geschmolzenem Wachs. Etwas Licht warfen die Fackeln des Hofes und der Vollmond in das Zimmer. Einen Moment war Stille. \"Okay\", sagte Honey, auf einmal beunruhigt. Love sah, wie sich ihr Schemen aufrichtete. \"Du gehst nirgendwo hin. Ich lasse dich nicht mitten in der Nacht durch die Kaserne schlendern.\" \"Haben Sie Angst, ich könnte irgendetwas anrichten?\" \"Wenn ich eines nicht habe, dann ist es Angst vor dir.\" \"Sie unterschätzen mich.\" Love lachte auf. \"Du bist mutig. Das ist süß anzusehen. Aber es bringt dir nichts. Als Mann wärst du sicher ein interessanter Gegner.\" Honey seufzte. \"Warum sollte ich also verängstigt sein.\" \"Es ist nicht so, das jene wie du ungeschoren davonkommen. Aber die Drecksarbeit erledige in der Regel nicht ich, weißt du? Ich bin für ein anderes Kaliber ausgebildet.\" \"Ausgebildet...\", sagte Honey abfällig. \"Fechten seit meinem fünften Lebensjahr. Reiten seit meinem zehnten. Schießen seit meinem zwölften.\" Sie erwiderte nichts. Es vergingen einige Minuten, in denen Love an die Zeit dachte, in der er aufgewachsen war. An seinen strengen Vater, der erschossen worden war, als Love vierzehn war und seine bildschöne Mutter, die vor drei Jahren gestorben war. Sie waren beide prägend für ihn gewesen, seine Mutter dank ihres Gespürs für Loves Talente und sein Vater dank seiner Fähigkeit, Love zu Höchstleistungen zu treiben. William Love war Geschäftsmann mit Vorfahren aus England, der die Welt bereist und viel zu lehren hatte. \"Mein Vater wurde erschossen\", sagte Love leise. \"Die mexikanische Armee, bei einem der ersten Einfälle in Texas. Zehn Jahre später bin ich dank Santa Anna, dem Führer eben dieser Armee, hierher gekommen. Ich weiß, was in dir vorgeht. Aber du solltest keine Dummheit begehen und versuchen, mich zu sabotieren.\" Stille. \"Hörst du? Honey?\" Einen Moment später wiederholte er, leiser: \"Honey?\" Er schwang sich aus dem Bett und ging geräuschlos zu ihr, hockte sich vor ihr hin. Sie saß, den Kopf an die Tür gelehnt, die Beine zusammengezogen, da, die Augen geschlossen. Love griff legte behutsam einen Arm unter ihren oberen Rücken, einen schob er unter ihre Kniekehlen. Er hob sie hob und trug das schlafende Mädchen zum Bett, wo er sie seitlich hinlegte und zudeckte. Er legte sich daneben. Vor dem einschlafen drehte er sich um, so dass er nun ihr zugewandt lag. Eine Zeit lang betrachtete er ihr Gesicht, ihre Lippen, Wangen und geschlossenen Augen, bis auch er in einen festen Schlaf fiel. Wie lange hatte sie geschlafen? Kurz starrte sie an die Wand, dann fuhr sie hoch. Aus dem geöffneten Fenster tönten regelmäßige, zischende Knallgeräusche. Sie lag in Captain Loves Bett. Sie war gestern Nacht hierher gekommen... aber... hatte sie sich ins Bett gelegt? Unmöglich! Was war vorgefallen? Sie stieg aus dem Bett. Auf dem Stuhl vor dem Schreibtisch lag das Blusenkleid, welches Love auf dem Markt gekauft hatte. Auch das hatte sie nicht mitgebracht. Aber es war, das musste sie zugeben, nett von Love, es ihr hinzulegen, denn so musste sie nicht im Nachthemd durch die Garnison laufen. Sie ging ins Bad und wusch ihr Gesicht kurz, dann streifte sie das Kleid über und band ihre Haare im Gehen zu einem Zopf. Den Spiegel ignorierte sie. Sie nahm das Tablett vom gestrigen Abend und brachte es in die Küche - die Geräusche verstummten nicht. Auf dem Weg in den Flur wurde das Knallen und die entfernten, gepressten Schreie immer lauter. Schnell stellte sie das Tablett in der leeren Küche ab und lief, an den Wachen vorbei, auf den sonnenüberfluteten Hof, so schnell es ihr Bein zuließ. Es waren die Geräusche einer schwingenden - und treffenden - Peitsche. Einige Meter entfernt von den Ställen, zwischen zwei senkrechten Masten, von denen Honey gedacht hatte, sie seien zum Anbinden der Pferde gedacht, kniete ein Mann mit nacktem Oberkörper, den Rücken zum Hof gewandt. Einige Schritte entfernt stand ein Soldat und schwang eine lange, schwarze Peitsche gekonnt. Das dünne Ende schlug regelmäßig, monoton und doch widerlich laut auf den Rücken eines Mannes, der mit einigen Striemen übersät war. Sie waren hochrot, doch nicht tief und nur leicht blutend. Bei jedem Hieb keuchte der Mann und presste schreie hervor. Neben dem Soldaten mit der Peitsche stand ein anderer und zählte laut die Hiebe mit. \"Einundzwanzig! ... Zweiundzwanzig!\" Auf eine seltsame Art und Weise abgestoßen und zugleich angezogen ging Honey näher an das geschehen heran. Jetzt sah sie Love, der, flankiert von weiteren Soldaten, einige Meter entfernt das Geschehen mit verschränkten Armen beobachtete. Bei jedem Hieb zusammenzuckend spürte Honey den Drang, einzugreifen. Sie kannte den Mann nicht, doch das Geschehen war für sie als Betrachter widerlich. Honey erblickte Jesse, der am Fuß des Berges dessen, was einmal das Kasernenhaupthaus gewesen war, die Balkensplitter aufsammelte. Jesses Gesicht sah immer noch ramponiert aus, wenn auch besser als am Tag des Ringkampfes. \"Dieser Mann.., was hat er getan?\" Als Jesse Honey erblickte, lächelte er sie an. Dann wandte er sich um. \"Das... das ist Almeso, ein Soldat. Er hat sich irgendwie gestern ziemlich danebenbenommen. Im...\", er wandte sich wieder dem Sammeln zu, \"..Bordell. Er sei etwas aufdringlich geworden.\" \"Fünfundzwanzig!\", tönte es. \"Was du nicht sagt\", sagte Honey freudlos mit Blick auf Love, der nach wie vor regungslos die Auspeitschung mit ansah. Ohne ein weiteres Wort ging sie los, so schnurstracks, dass Jesse versucht war, sie aufzuhalten. Doch sie erreichte Love von hinten. Er bemerkte sie erst, als sie sprach. \"Er ist aufdringlich geworden? Und sie lassen ihn auspeitschen?\", flüsterte sie zynisch. Love warf ihr einen kurzen Seitenblick zu. Immer noch still mit verschränkten Armen stehend, sagte er leise und seelenruhig: \"Er hat den Ruf der Garnison geschädigt.\" Er nickte zur Szene. \"Um genau zu sein hat er eine Hure vergewaltigt.\" Honeys Zynismus fiel von ihr ab und sie sah zu -dem Mann. \"Achtundzwanzig! ... Neunundzwanzig!\" \"Das ist lächerlich\", murmelte Love, \"Wer vergewaltigt denn eine Hure?\" Honey zuckte immer noch bei jedem Schlag. \"Dreißig!\" Der Mann mit der Peitsche ließ sie sinken, der Zählende ging vor und machte den Gefesselten los. Er hob ihn grob am Arm hoch und brachte den schwankenden Mann auf die Beine, bevor er ihn zu Love manövrierte. Jetzt erkannte Honey, dass er eine Uniformhose trug. \"Ich will hoffen, dass das eine Lektion war. Sie sind eine Schande für diese Armee\", sagte Love hart, \"Ein Monat Zelle. Abführen.\" Honey blickte ihm hinterher. \"Oh\", sagte Love auf Honey hinabschauend, \"Ausnahmsweise kein Widerspruch. Du bist wohl der Ansicht, die Strafe sei verdient. Haben deine Brüder eigentlich auch Weiber genötigt?\" \"Nein\", zischte sie ihn an. \"Woher willst du das wissen?\", fragte Love und setzte sich in Bewegung zu den Ställen. Im Gehen rief er noch \"Du weißt ja nicht mal, wo sie ihre Beute versteckt haben.\" Honey versank kurz in Gedanken, den Blick auf die zwei Mäste gehaftet, an die der Mann gefesselt gewesen war. Dann folgte sie Love. Er war bereits in den Ställen angekommen. \"Sie irren sich! So etwas würden sie niemals-\", Honey verstummte, als sie Elena erblickte, die in einer Box ein prächtiges, weißes Pferd striegelte. \"Captain!\", sagte diese und trat aus der Box, \"Und... Honey, richtig?\" \"Guten Morgen, Senorita!\", Love warf Honey einen stechenden Blick zu. Doch diese, provoziert durch seine vorherigen Worte, würde sich nicht so schnell aus dem Staub machen. \"Guten Morgen\", erwiderte sie freundlich, nachdem sie Loves Blick fest erwidert hatte, in Richtung Elena. \"Kann ich euch behilflich sein? \"Vielen Dank, aber nein, ich bin hier gerade fertig geworden. Er braucht viel Pflege\", sie streichelte den Rücken des Tieres, legte die Pferdebürste zur Seite und drehte sich um. \"Das ist ein zauberhaftes Kleid!\", sagte sie zu Honey. Deren Lächeln fror etwas ein. \"...Danke. \"Mein Vater und ich würden uns freuen, wenn ihr heute Abend mit uns speisen würdet, Captain!\", wandte sich Elena an Love. \"Sehr gerne, Senorita\", gab dieser zurück, etwas bitter über Elenas und Honeys Konversation. \"Fantastisch, es wird um sieben angerichtet. Er scheint ein wenig nervös wegen des kommenden Banketts, vielleicht kann man ihm das heute ausreden.\" Sie lachte, was Love erwiderte. Als sie ein paar Schritte in Richtung Ausgang gelaufen war, drehte sie sich auf einmal um. \"Warum leisten Sie uns nicht auch Gesellschaft, Honey? Es gibt hier bis jetzt so wenig weibliche Gesellschaft, ich wäre begeistert!\" Honeys Mund klappte auf und nun konnte sie nicht anders, als Love anzusehen, der starr zurückblickte. \"Wie bitte? Ich-\" \"Es gibt Wachteln und Gemüse, unsere Hausköchin ist famos!\" \"Nun... ich denke, ich... Ich habe nicht... ich würde mich sehr freuen\", kam Honey zu einem Schluss, den sie so eigentlich nicht hatte sagen wollen. Elena strahlte und nickte beiden zum Abschied zu, bevor sie zur Tür hinaustrat und Honey und Love gleichermaßen sprachlos zurückließ. ","Summary":" PROLOG ~ Das Ende \"García, das sind die Murieta-Brüder!\" Jack, ein muskulöser Mann mit weißen Haa"}]