[{"Movie":"Wanted","Title":"I Found My Father But I Killed Him","Author":"Bunny's daughter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10815251","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my first ever Wanted fanfic and was thought up pretty much right after I watched the movie, so please don't hate too much. I hope you enjoy this story. This story starts just as Cross catches Wesley….. Yeah, that's right. Stay right there. Stare right into my eyes as I slowly reach for my gun. Don't move. Annnnnnnddddd….bam! {Wesley shot Cross and they both fall back into the train. Cross gives a grunt of pain as he lands on his back. Wesley hisses slightly as glass shards dig into the skin of his palm} Come on, die already. Come on. Wait, what did he just say? {Wesley grabs the front of Cross's coat and demands that he repeat what he had just said to him. Cross repeats the little fact that he's Wesley's real father then dies. Wesley gently lays him back down and stares at him as he feels tears creep into his eyes. He hears Fox moving behind him and asks if what Cross said was really true. She responds by telling him yes that it is the truth} Why? Why did I do this? Oh, yeah, that's right. The Fraternity had told me that he was my father's killer, that's why. I was so stupid to be blinded by the rage. I was so stupid as to have been blinded by the lies. He can't be dead. No, he's definitely dead. Fox, please tell me it can't be true? Why are you pointing your gun at me? The Fraternity Loom ordered you to kill me. I don't think so…. {Wesley shoots the train window that's below him and Cross. It shatters and they fall through} {Next thing Wesley knows is that he's waking up in water that feels much like the water in Recovery} Wait a second. I'm back in Recovery? How did I get here? Why would Fox bring me here if she was just going to kill me? Wait…..this isn't Recovery. This is just a regular old bathroom. And where's Cross? {Wesley slowly gets up and makes his way towards what he believes to be the living room. He goes to the window after he hears the sound of a familiar train and the voice of his girlfriend. Looking out this window, he realizes he's looking into his apartment. Suddenly, he hears someone speak behind him and whips around to see its Pekwarsky.} What is he doing here? My father wanted me to come here so I'd believe him? Where is here exactly? Is that me in that picture. Oh, my God. It is. It's me in all of them. He was watching me this entire time and I didn't even know it. All those times I felt eyes on me, it was him. {Wesley sits on the windowsill with several of Cross' pictures of him in his hand} He was my father. And now he's gone because of me. I killed him. You think hearing that giving his life in order to protect me was all that mattered to him is going to make me feel better, Pekwarsky? Well, you're wrong. I feel like crap. He was always just trying to rescue me from them, and I killed him because of the lies they fed me. No, nothing is going to make me feel better. Not until I bring down the Fraternity…... As I said before, I hope you all enjoyed this short drabble of mine. Please leave reviews? ","Summary":" This is my first ever Wanted fanfic and was thought up pretty much right after I watched the movie,"},{"Movie":"Wanted","Title":"Ready, Aim Fire!","Author":"ComeOnAileen","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10307276","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Short Story : 'Shane, if I were you, I would run!' Killian shouted at his friend who had dropped his gun. Shane loaded his gun and began running again. 'If they catch us, I rather have my gun with me.' He said. Killian picked up his pace. 'If it wasn't for Lexy, we wouldn't need guns right now.' He yelled irritated thinking he could be relaxing at home if it wasn't for her. 'Guys, would you just shut the fuck up! This isn't anybody's fault.' Roy came between them. Killians phone rang, he immediately picked up. 'Hello?!' A familiar voice yelled thought. 'Stop were you are right now and go left!' Killian watched the others who had also stopped in the middle of the big forest. 'Where are y-?' Killian didn't get the chance to finish his sentence. 'Just fucking do it!' the voice interrupted him loudly. The other already got it and practically pulled Killian with them in the bushes. The three hid underneath the bunch of leaves and branches suddenly hearing footsteps of stranger running in their direction. 'This way.' One of the recruits yelled. Three recruits held up at the same place where Killian, Shane and Roy had stood, not knowing their three targets hid in the bushes. 'You think they'll find us?' Roy asked whispery. Shane noticed the panic in his tone and realize he was shivering as well. Killians grip on his phone tightened. He suddenly heard a whisper. His call hadn't ended yet. 'Ready..' One of the recruits watched the bushes as if he could see Killian right there. He tried ti keep his breathing under control but Roy's heavy breath gave away their hiding spot. 'Aim…' the voice continued. Killian closed his eyes. This was it. They were captured. The recruit came closer. 'Fire!' the voice shouted. Killian heard three guns shots seeing all three recruits fall down. All three shot with paralyzing darts. Killian and Shane quickly jumped up and started taking their weapons. 'We're gonna need this.' Shane said as he took a shotgun. Roy slowly stood up. 'I hope this is over soon.' He admitted. 'I saved your asses back there.' All three guys jumped up. Lexy was sitting up in a tree holding a sniper in her hands. 'We had it under control.' Killian lied arrogantly. Lexy jumped down. 'You three are all just a bunch of idiots!' she rolled her eyes back. Killian studied her. Apart from the braid in her brown hair, the filth on her face and the rough gloves that revealed her fingertips she wore, she hadn't changed much. 'We don't need your help.' Killian said stubborn. 'Didn't seem like it.' She said. 'So..' she putt her right hand towards the three guys. 'Are we a team again?' she asked grinning. Killian crossed his arms and sighed irritated by the girls arrogance. Lexy noticed it and putt her hand on her hip. What an asshole. Roy hesitated. Shane stepped forward and took her hand. 'Always.' Both of them smiled. At least someone with a little sympathy. ","Summary":" Short Story : 'Shane, if I were you, I would run!' Killian shouted at his friend who had dropped hi"},{"Movie":"Wanted","Title":"Fate","Author":"Aquafall","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8841363","Passage":"[Chapter 1] FATE [ We don't know how far the ripples of our decisions go ... – Fox or, the rationale we weaved behind it] ~a~b~c~d~e~f~g~h~i~j~k~l~m~n~o~p~q~r~s~t~u~v~w~x~y~z~ Man, that bitch sure has an annoying voice , the brunette thought to herself as she leaned against the wall, waiting for her charge to collect what he came to collect. Out of the corner of her eyes, she spotted the other man lying dazed on the floor, missing a few teeth, and smirked to herself in satisfaction. For someone from the white-collar workforce, he sure learned fast. Someone shut her up already, the brunette thought to herself irritatedly as the blonde woman's voice boomed over the apartment and leaked out to the door where she was standing, waiting. She was not supposed to feel anything , in her line of occupation. Ever since that fateful night, she had closed her mind to emotional thought, dead set in her rationalization that if she felt nothing, or rather, allowed herself to feel nothing, she would be immune to hurt. It was not pain of the physical kind that she was seeking to avoid, oh no, this was pain felt in her mind, in her heart if one still remained after years of heartlessly curving bullets in accordance with fate's design. She had thought if she closed her emotional receptor to the world, she would never have to break the way she did that night again. Can't she stop yapping for one fucking minute? , the brunette grumbled inwardly, cursing her charge for taking so much time in retrieving one simple object. She was not supposed to feel anything , and especially not because of a trainee that a while ago was a bumbling scaredycat. And then there was that assignment... The assignment involving him, the reason she had strove to remain more detached than usual. She was not supposed to... For fuck's sake , Fox closed her mind to rational thought, hoping to drown out the annoying voice from inside the apartment. Not even hysterical screaming at the scene of her routine assignments bothered her that much. There was just something in this woman's voice, something that jabbed mercilessly at her acute sense of hearing, annoyed her to the core, driving her over the edge despite years of intense training on patience. She had to do something . Oh what the hell , the brunette abruptly broke from her post outside the apartment door and strove confidently inside, finding herself face to face with her charge, who wore an expression of slight surprise and utter confusion. She smirked to herself, he was quite a sight to watch whenever she caught him off-guard. Fox walked straight to Wesley, ignoring the other woman's incoherent spluttering, and kissed him full on the lips. She imagined his eyes widen and felt him slowly lean into her touch as she let herself go for the first time after so many years. She broke contact and looked into his eyes with mischief twinkling in her brown orbs, and closed her eyes again as they lost themselves in another passionate kiss. Even then, Fox refused her rational mind the conclusion that had been lurking beneath the surface. At least it shut the bitch up. A/N: Just a little something that popped into my head when I was watching \"Wanted\" again. To all who are waiting, the next chapter for \"Night Traveler\" should be up in a couple of days. Don't tell my professor, but writing for you guys is way more fun than assignments. Until my next update, Chrys. ","Summary":" FATE [ We don't know how far the ripples of our decisions go ... – Fox or, the rationale we weaved "},{"Movie":"Wanted","Title":"Hit & Miss","Author":"OCaptainMyCaptain-1","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8206654","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter One – Pilot She cut the engine of the Hummer, not believing her eyes as she slowly she got out and saw what was left of the Fraternity headquarters. It wasn't much, it was an old Textile Mill that was slightly out of the city around the docks area, there was a bridge breaking it off so it was an isolated island. Fox had found her at fifteen years old in her parent's mansion as they were killed from a Hit of a rival assassin organization, Veronika Redwölf was next and Fox was there to save the day once more. A Fraternity of Assassins was not what she had planned to settle with, but at least Fox gave her home and that was enough for her. She had nothing to lose, so her training began on her sixteenth birthday. At first, she thought the Repairman would teach her mechanics or something like that, But she soon found out that was not the case. \"What do you repair?\" Redwölf asked, her white eyes eyeing him suspiciously as he unwound the boxing bandage from around his knuckles. \"A life time of bad habits\" He answered simply, sounding somewhat cryptic at the same time. \"Then you must have a lot of work\" \"Just to keep me busy, what do they call you?\" He asked her, she would give him her last name, deciding to be a little mysterious herself. \"Redwölf\" \"Nice name, Now if you please sit down and put your hands behind your back.\" He asked her politely, she looked at him skeptically as she did what she was told as he tied her hands with the bandage. When their little \"session\" ended, she really wanted to kick his ass, nobody had ever hit her like that and she was pretty pumped up by the end of it, But what she hated the most was that she couldn't fight back because she was tied. Hardly did she know the Butcher would be a lot worse but thankfully, Redwölf was a master in the art of knives. At first she thought they were going to use fake ones, but she was glad that she got the real thing. \"Fight me!\" \"Fine, but I must warn you, I will kick your ass\" Redwölf sung as blood dripped from her forehead before he went to cut her, but she dodged and kicked the knife out of his hand before getting to the floor, sliding underneath him and kicking the backs of his legs. Fox was very proud of her by the end of the lesson; she had never seen anyone move with such agility. Thankfully she was put into the recovery room where she took a wax bath and had met The Exterminator, he was the only one who she really made friends with. \"I remember the first period I was here. Things are always hard in the beginning. But you'll get used to it.\" \"I suppose. Thanks for the vodka.\" She grinned at him, taking one last swig from the bottle before she handed it back over. Redwölf was even helping him train some of the rodents he kept, It was quite fun but she did not like the bomb experiments on them, she used to be against animal cruelty. \"They love peanut butter you know.\" \"Now that puts an end to the stereotype created by years of children's films…\" \"It's true\" Contrary to what Redwölf had initially thought Fox was giving her a hard time with all the running on trains and driving in a way that broke every single traffic code. \"You're pretty supry Redwölf, where did you learn that?\" Fox asked her one day, referring to her excel of skill in speed. \"I guess it's genetics, I've never trained this intense before and it actually seems pretty easy\" Redwölf laughed nervously as she managed to keep up a civil convosation with Fox without being interrupted about guns or more training. \"Seriously if you become as good as I think you will, then you are defiantly going to have to teach me some moves\" However, her and Fox became great friends during a short period being there, considering there where both girls and that Redwölf actually looked up to Fox for guidance. She was the only one who could call her Veronika. The only thing Redwölf was amazingly good at was shooting, she was already able to curve a bullet and now she was trying to do it whenever she wanted not just when she was really in trouble and it was her only choice. Sloan was quite impressed at this. \"Usually people take longer to master this skill.\" The Gunsmith told her as she cocked the Beretta 92' and aimed it at the target. The Gunsmith was also a very good friend of hers; they actually spent time together when she did not need to train her ass off and he seemed pretty relieved to talk someone else other then Sloan or The Butcher. It was one day that she and a man named Gary Kirby began training together; he taught her Stealth and Agility that soon became one of her main traits. That is when Sloan took her to the Loom of Fate and explained her what they were actually doing. She got her first assignment and became one of them for good. Of course, things were not always perfect, especially in 2003 when Sloan had marked her for being one of the best assassins next to Mr X and Cross, Gary wasn't happy about that and decided to do something about it. He had drowned her in the Recovery Room after an assignment and he was killed in a Hit from Fox after she had failed to pull the trigger the first time. Redwölf was later revived by a blind sensei named Stick, and because of her resurrection, her assassin abilities became stronger, but that was also the last time she ever went into the Recovery Room, that day had changed her life for the next five years, and possibly the next five years after that. ","Summary":" Chapter One – Pilot She cut the engine of the Hummer, not believing her eyes as she slowly she got "},{"Movie":"Wanted","Title":"Forever lied to","Author":"CottoncandyGk","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6738387","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own the movie Wanted. It belongs to it's respected owner(s). I make no profit writing this fanfiction. I just love to make my brain hurt and my imagination fly. Note/Warning: This is my fourth Fanfiction so I am sorry it is not up to par. I decided that I wanted to do something with Fox. She is an amazing character and I'm sure she had certain thoughts when it came time for her to pull the trigger and kill them all, herself included. Note : I don't have a Beta Reader, so please alert me to any grammatical errors or if my sentence structure is off and it urks you. I seem to be catching them rather quickly along with realizing I keep forgetting a word or two. I'm getting better, though. Promise. I just really want to try and do this on my own. Word Count : 353 Standing there was not a hard thing to do, in-fact, she felt it natural. The skull of each one of her friends in the fraternity piercing with a strong silver bullet. Even though she knew life was realistic and one day she would die, she didn't know it would be so soon. Now. When she heard that Sloan had lied to them, her heart grew angry. Everything she believed in was a lie, fake, non-excitant. Her mind raced, her heart was clenching painfully. \"Is that true?\" She had asked. But she couldn't take that it was. His reasons where flawed. He was using them for profit. It was unforgivable. Bring her gun to her left hand, she pulled it back and swung her wrist out. The curve of the bullet as it left the chamber so beautiful and precise that no one had expected it. Now, all her friends where dropping one by one. She hesitated for just a moment, and transferred the gun to her right hand. A flick of her wrist and she threw her gun to Wesley. The sleek look of the barrel, the grooves shinning in the dim light. The shape of the tattoo wrapped around her right thumb made her smile. She remembered when she got it. It was when she grew up and learned all about this fraternity and had finally became one of them. When she was new, and she had a lot to learn. Even now though, she felt stupid and inexperienced. She had failed to look into what should have been. But she knew now and that's all that mattered. As the gun landed in Wesley's hand, she knew Sloan had left in the confusion. And although he left, Wesley would catch him and make her proud. As she looked at the boy, no, man, she smiled, the bullet curving around the last bannister towards her. Her full lips mouthing a \"thank you\" as it entered her right temple and came out her left. Her final thought was freedom and the last thing she saw was a man determined to fulfill his destiny. Darkness. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own the movie Wanted. It belongs to it's respected owner(s). I make no profit "},{"Movie":"Wanted","Title":"Hands of Fate","Author":"Selonianth","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6709058","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Don't own Wanted. %$#%$%$#%$# Sloan had said that the fraternity were the weapons of fate. He'd said that bullets flying straight was all in your head. He was wrong. They weren't the weapons of fate. They were the hand of fate, dealing death and medieval justice with practiced ease. Yet that hand had also been used by the loom to end politicians and allow the world to grow. The successful presidential assassinations of Kennedy and Lincoln had been performed by a member of the fraternity. John Wilkes Booth had been in the wrong place at the wrong time when the bullet curved around and impacted the president's head. Oswald had been a novice who got careless. Both assassinations were performed to push the world forward to where it needed to be. If it involved a major change of leadership by assassination the fraternity were probably responsible. It was only this branch of the fraternity that had broken the oath they made when they joined as a hand of fate. My extermination of the building would be replaced by one or two assassin's from each of the branches around the globe. It would be bought under a new fabric company's name and rebuilt. The loom would be rebuilt by one of those trained for the job. My father may not have wanted me to become a Hand of Fate but Fate's sister Destiny didn't like that thought much apparently. As far as Sloan being wrong about the bullet comment? Only a hand of fate could perform the act, until then any and all attempts will end in failure. There was a reason he hadn't performed an assassination in years. He couldn't bend bullets anymore. That was why it took so long for me to succeed at it. Fate itself wouldn't let him bend bullets until I was completely dedicated to it's cause. It was such a pity that Sloan hadn't taught the truth in this fraternity. Some of the people there were good legitimate assassins. My name is Wesley Cross. I am a Hand of Fate. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: Don't own Wanted. %$#%$%$#%$# Sloan had said that the fraternity were the weapons of fa"},{"Movie":"Wanted","Title":"wanted the tokyo wars pt1","Author":"Coal MacGrath the conduit","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7302389","Passage":"[Chapter 1] wasley have beaten eternity he moved to Tokyo. At the airport he saw someone with a sign in his hand as a symbol of the syndicate assassin. He is out of the airport and surrounded by a syndicate assassin not in the know. Apparently a group of assassin was able to deflect bullets. Wasley facing five bullets and fled. But the assassin has a power that is not imagined. They can move like the wind. Because the shot wasley lose consciousness. But before fainting, she saw a man wearing a black robe prevent them toward wasley bullets. ... wasley woke up in a old shack The man makes two of coffee and sit on the balcony apertemen ''You wake up?'' Where am i!''!'' He smiled and threw the gun. ''There are a bunch of''assassin''we have to kill'' Wasley took the gun and then he asked about his name. And it turned out he was an old friend of the cross. They both go into eternity. But he is part Japanese. ... They were into an empty land. And take some empty cans ''Can you deflect bullets.'' Wasley do it but still wrong. ''If you could only deflect bullets.?'' He was also deflect bullets into the second tin. But after a bullet exploded on target. Instinct''you wear it? Then you have to match your instincts with your mind.'' He tried again but always failed Again he turned the bullet instead of an explosion that came out but the can on fire. The man gave applause. ... The man also took some meat and hang it This lesson about close combat. but he must wear a samurai. The man gave the first test of speed. He managed to cut the 6000 section within 1 minute. He tried but he could not until dissolved. There was something he had forgotten. Focus on speed and mind and swift as the wind Finally he cut the 6001 in 59 seconds The continuation is in volume 2 Thanks to the readers ","Summary":" wasley have beaten eternity he moved to Tokyo. At the airport he saw someone with a sign in his han"},{"Movie":"Wanted","Title":"wanted the tokyo wars pt2 end of war","Author":"Coal MacGrath the conduit","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7471960","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Wanted Tokyo war pt.2 After a lazy practice wasley decided to take a break from exercise. He slept and woke up after hearing gunshots from inside the house. wasley ran and found his mentor had died. To the next day he decided to find some people to run a taught his disciples to be assassin. By 2015 it was time for revenge. Previously he was looking for an address and track the killer. Because he remembers about the incident at the airport so that he was looking for one person from their past in the interrogation. After many turns in the interrogation he confessed that he was one of the men who trains disciples wasley. He was arrested and threatened to go to fethernity sisters or children knows the name of the murderer is on the call immortal the scene in the game, immortal is the boss and this is the successor of the immortal and renamed fumetsu. After he was in the killer's release gave the letter and then he committed suicide. ''My son, if you receive this letter I'm gone. Yes, your mother has been killed by the immortal and maybe now you have killed him. There's only one thing you should know. That conveys this letter is your distant relatives who have long gone and in its adoption by the coach. And if you finish reading this please look behind the closed wooden door by the closet next to the tv maybe this will help. Love: cross membanca''after he and one of his students pushed wooden cabinet and found an old door that read''weapon''rack he opened the door and then empty the contents there and then on the dusty red button press. They're like the elevator. And after that wooden door swung open again and it turns out he was not in the house. He is in the laboratory. He did the experiment. That mini-nuclear bombs and explode and posion M16 mini gun. 3 days later all the pair a mini nuclear bomb under the building fethernity. Wasley up alone with a samurai who owned his teacher and his men to the roof to install again. Wasley kill a soldier with a bullet line. After reaching the room he was met by the target boss, fumetsu. \"What are you doing\". Wasley angrily swinging a samurai. Suddenly he was behind''''You think you know who. ''I was the son of an assassin you kill''he swung a samurai. \"You and your dad just the same''''I'm not the most dangerous, it is time''. Suddenly it all on fire and explode. Wasley fumetsu out of the glass and follow it from behind. When they fight in the air with his bare hands. And on the fifth floor and he wasley skip fumetsu diverting bullets. He is on the right in the head and then exploded. ''I've said before, I'm more dangerous than my father \". And finally he fell and saved by his men. Wasley finally decided to go back and work like the assassin and bring their students to become mentors in Japan. At the airport he saw his teacher and his father's photograph. \"Perhaps there they will be more pleased\" the end ","Summary":" Wanted Tokyo war pt.2 After a lazy practice wasley decided to take a break from exercise. He slept "},{"Movie":"Wanted","Title":"Future, unknown","Author":"Sittin'Pretty","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7336479","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The sun streamed through a slit in the drapes, casting the room in a soft orange glow and warming Ghost's bare back. She sighed, as long, calloused fingers gently trailed up and down her spine. Such a gentle touch from hands that have done terrible things. She never dwelled on that fact. Hell, her own hands have done some terrible things. It was the nature of the game. That's how she always thought of it. A game. An adventure. She tried to convince herself that the Fraternity did not control her; that she was the driver of her fate-train; but deep down, she knew that wasn't the case. She shuddered with delight as his fingers found a particularly sensitive spot. \"Do you ever think about leaving?\" she asked, her fingers tracing lightly through the spattering of hair that covered the chest on which her head was currently pillowed. \"Leave what? The Fraternity?\" he asked, his voice husky from sleep. \"Mmm,\" she murmured, her fingers moving to the various scars on his shoulder. She felt the slight shake of his head. \"Nobody leaves, Ghost, you know that,\" he replied, his fingers never stopping their ministrations. She said nothing, simply continuing her exploration of the scars she knew so well. \"Why?\" he asked. She shrugged, but still said nothing. His big hand moved up her back, wound through her hair, and pulled gently, forcing her to look at him. \"What's goin' on in that head of yours?\" She held his gaze, his striking blue eyes searching her troubled brown. \"If my name came up, would you give me a head start?\" she asked, and saw the fleeting hesitation in his eyes. She somehow knew that if her name did come up, they would send him. It would be the only practical thing to do. He was one of only two men that would be able to out-skill her, and now that Cross had deserted, well …. \"Yes,\" he answered. He was telling the truth, she could tell, and it frustrated him. As much as he loved her- and he did, in his own warped way- he was a professional, one of the best in the world, and the fact that he would give her even that small allowance felt like failure to him. She nodded, the weight of his concession sitting heavily on her. She wouldn't be so kind. She wouldn't have that luxury. She would need any surprise she could gain and would use his feelings for her, ruthlessly. She knew it. She hated it, but she knew it. And she suspected that he did too. They lay there for a while, each lost in their own thoughts. The room was so silent that she actually jumped at the sound of the alarm on his phone. \"I have to go,\" he murmured. She nodded and turned her face towards him. Their parting kisses were always the same. Long and lingering, and with an almost undiscernible hint of fear. Fear of losing the other. She watched him as gathered his clothes from around the room, his naked body an amalgamation of scars. He was practically a patchwork quilt and the thought made her smile. He turned and raised his eyebrows in question, then shook his head. He leaned down to kiss her goodbye once more, then was gone. So silent, so mysterious. \"He is… Batman\", she mused and laughed out loud. She stretched and groaned at the ache in her muscles. She needed a workout, she decided, and within the hour she was pulling her sleek black Audi into the Textile Factory. Sloan passed her as she made her way down the stairs towards the sparring room. \"Ghost,\" he smiled and dipped his head in greeting. She returned his smile. \"Sir\". She liked the man. \"Take it easy on him,\" he grinned, and left her confused on the stairs. Entering the room, Sloan's cryptic sentence now made sense. In the far left side of the room, the Repairman was shadowboxing. He caught sight of her and gave, what can only be described as, an evil grin. He was her favourite sparring partner. They loved to hate each other and their sessions were absolutely no holds barred. She lost count of how many of her bones he had broken. But rest assured, she gave better than she received. He watched as she crossed the room to her locker and stowed her jacket. \"Morning, Ghost,\" he greeted her. \"Simon,\" she replied, and smiled as annoyance crossed his pretty face. That she knew everyone's real names was a serious bone of contention with the members of the Fraternity. But how could she help it, when her ability to obtain the un-gettable information was one of her biggest assets? Turning back towards the Repairman after she finished the last of her stretches, her temple caught the full brunt of his fist. She moved gracefully with the force of the impact, putting herself a safe distance from his following kick. She grinned as she felt the blood slide over her cheekbone, and then with a laugh, she pounced. **8..8** A few hours later, Ghost groaned as she lay in the recovery room. Her broken fingers had been re-set and the pain from the pretty-boy's blows had diminished. She took solace in the fact that the Repairman had not yet regained consciousness. With one last mouthful of the vodka the Exterminator had left for her, she pulled herself from the water and made her way to the shower. She sighed with relish as the scalding water flowed over her body. The sound of boots interrupted the quiet and she fixed her gaze to the door a second before Fox filled it. \"Sloan wants to see everyone now,\" she said before turning away at Ghost's nod. She dressed quickly. It was never a smart idea to leave the boss-man waiting long. She was the last to arrive- with the exception of the Repairman- so she leaned against the doorframe of the large room. \"Goddamn it!\" Sloan thundered, slamming his fist against the heavy wooden table. Ghost raised her eyebrows in surprise. She had never seen him so agitated before. \"Cross,\" he growled, and began pacing. \"Why can't anyone kill that sonofabitch?\" \"What's going on?\" Fox asked from the sofa. Sloan stopped pacing and glanced at her, this face furious. \"Mr. X is dead,\" he replied. \"He was meeting with a ballistics expert this afternoon and was ambushed. Goddamn Cross!\" he roared. Her outward appearance gave nothing away, but Ghost felt as though someone had plunged a red hot poker through her chest. ' Oh, Daniel ,' she thought, and felt her heart crumble. She always knew that this day might come, but she certainly hadn't prepared herself for this feeling. It was as though her soul was screaming. If anyone bothered to look her way, they would have seen the anguish in her eyes. \"So it's time,\" Sloan continued, some moments later. \"We engage Wesley. I feel this is out best option.\" The occupants of the room, still focused on him, nodded their agreement. \"Ok, Ghost, you'll make the initial contact and….\" He trailed off as he looked towards the door. There was a shuffle of movement as the others turned as well. The doorway was empty and she was nowhere to be seen. Sloan glowered. \"Fuck.\" **8..8** A sleek black Audi flew through the dark streets, it's driver intent on putting as many miles as possible between herself and the Textile Factory. It had only taken her a minute to make her decision, and with Daniel no longer holding her here, she could finally escape. It had been on her mind for quite some time, and thankfully, she had prepared for such a situation. A black suitcase in the boot contained several changes of clothes, toiletries, cash and four full sets of fake identification, all of which would withstand intense scrutiny. An off-shore account held more than enough to sustain her early retirement comfortably. Soon, she would dump her car and steal another, giving her anonymity until she could secure a new vehicle. She could feel the tension leave her, the further she drove. Where would she go? Mexico? Europe? Maybe she could loose herself in the bustling city of Tokyo. Who knows? No doubt they would come for her, eventually. But then again, maybe they wouldn't… She was, after all, the Ghost. ","Summary":" The sun streamed through a slit in the drapes, casting the room in a soft orange glow and warming G"},{"Movie":"Wanted","Title":"wanted the tokyo wars pt1 with fix","Author":"Coal MacGrath the conduit","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7471843","Passage":"[Chapter 1] wasley have beaten feternity he moved to Tokyo. At the airport he saw someone with a sign in his hand as a symbol of the syndicate assassin. He is out of the airport and surrounded by a syndicate assassin not in the know. Apparently a group of assassin was able to deflect bullets. Wasley facing five bullets and fled. But the assassin has a power that is not imagined. They can move like the wind. Because the shot wasley lose consciousness. But before fainting, she saw a man wearing a black robe prevent them toward wasley bullets. ... wasley woke up in a old shack The man makes two of coffee and sit ''You wake up?'' Where am i!''!'' He smiled and threw the gun. ''There are a bunch of''assassin''we have to kill'' Wasley took the gun and then he asked about his name. And it turned out he was an old friend of the cross. They both go into feternity. But he is part Japanese. ... They were into an empty land. And take some empty cans ''Can you deflect bullets.'' Wasley do it but still wrong. ''If you could only deflect bullets.?'' He was also deflect bullets into the second tin. But after a bullet exploded on target. Instinct''you wear it? Then you have to match your instincts with your mind.'' He tried again but always failed Again he turned the bullet instead of an explosion that came out but the can on fire. The man gave applause. ... The man also took some meat and hang it This lesson about close combat. but he must wear a samurai. The man gave the first test of speed. He managed to cut the 6000 section within 1 minute. He tried but he could not until dissolved. There was something he had forgotten. Focus on speed and mind and swift as the wind Finally he cut the 6001 in 59 seconds The continuation is in volume 2 Thanks to the readers ","Summary":" wasley have beaten feternity he moved to Tokyo. At the airport he saw someone with a sign in his ha"},{"Movie":"Wanted","Title":"Caving In","Author":"ShiverMe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4746424","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: Hey guys! This is just a little thing I did from boredom. Just a little one-shot that stems from my other story, Wanted: Tales Of An Outlaw . This is just a scene I thought up of and just needed to have it down because I didn't want to lose it and/or forget it. So, here it is. Just s short dabble. Okay, going to stop talking now. Let you read this. Enjoy! Disclaimer: I do not own Wanted or anything/anyone that belongs to it/that. I do own Katherine though... They hadn't even known each other for that long yet if they left each other now they wouldn't know what to do. He sat away from her, keeping his distance. More like sitting on the other side of the room, away from her, because he was afraid that if he acted on any sort of impulse he would lose her. As if she were a figment of his imagination, an illusion… a character from his mind. She stood gazing out the window trying to look oblivious of the situation at hand but couldn't stop herself from using the window to see his reflection in the distance behind her. Outside the window was nothing there for her to see, just the snow that had caved in around them. She had suggested to start the fireplace, to keep the place warm and to also have smoke signal that there were people stuck somewhere within the fallen snow. \"So,\" he started, \"we're gonna be here for a while, huh?\" \"Yep,\" she replied, \"A while.\" \"You wanna do something?\" he asked with a hint of shyness and playfulness in his voice. She turned around with her arms crossed over her chest and glared at him like a parent would to a disobeying child. \"Like what, Wesley? Play a game of 'I Spy'?\" she bit out harshly, speaking to him as if he were an annoyance to her. \"Whoa,\" Wesley gave her an expression of being hurt by her words, though they both knew he was only joking around, \"Did all the snow out there turn you into the Ice Queen Bitch of the North? Gees! You can't stand there and tell me you're not going to get bored, Kay.\" Katherine continued to glare angrily at Wesley, trying to mask her true feelings of dread and worry. She turned her head back toward the window to stare at the stainless white snow and couldn't stop the frown that marred her face. \"It's only been a few minutes and I'm already starting to want to kill myself being stuck in here with you,\" Katherine whined like a child. She watched her silver eyes against the window as they expressed her sadness. \"Hey!\" Wesley stood to his feet and opened his mouth to try and defend himself but stopped when he couldn't think of anything witty to say. His right hand went up to the back of his head and scratched it lightly a few times. \"Well, what do you want to do for the next few hours? If you've got any ideas feel free to just shout 'em out,\" said Wesley. \"How about we just stay the way we are and not talk, at all?\" Katherine suggested. She turned to Wesley and looked at him from top to bottom, as if checking him over for any missing pieces. \"I don't even know why I'm here,\" she muttered to herself aloud. Wesley frowned and sat back down on the chair just a few feet away from the fireplace. He glanced about the room and sighed at what he saw. All there was in the room was the chair he was sitting in, a table, an overly fury rug, and one large bed. He spotted a small refrigerator but knew there would only be beverages in there and at the moment he was yearning for food. He turned his attention back to Katherine and looked her over. Wesley noticed how she clung onto her left arm with a death grip, like she was trying to numb out the pain of the bullet wound by diverting the pain elsewhere. Her blood had healed him greatly to the point that the scars he had were gone. However Katherine's own blood wouldn't work on herself. \"Are you okay, Kay?\" he asked. \"You're talking,\" Katherine stated without turning to look at Wesley. \"I'm just asking if you're okay! I can't ask that now?\" Wesley asked with a slight pout to his lips. Katherine turned her head slightly and stared at Wesley from the corner of her eye. She smiled weakly and turned back to the window. \"I'm fine, Wesley.\" \"Why are you staring out that window like you'll see something? The snow is like, up to the roof!\" Wesley emphasized the size of the snow by making gestures with his hands and arms even though Katherine wouldn't see it. \"It's better than staring at you,\" Katherine joked. She turned to face Wesley and gave him a small smile but not a forced one, something Wesley wouldn't take for granted. \"Funny,\" Wesley said with a smile. They smiled at each other for a couple more seconds before Katherine turned back to face the window. Wesley frowned and began to think of anything that would get Katherine to speak. \"Hey,\" he called, \"Aren't you bored?\" \"Of course I am,\" Katherine replied. She turned back to Wesley and her eyes darted over to the bed for a split second. She gave Wesley a careful glance before edging toward the bed. As she sat down she hissed in pain and tightened her grip on her left arm. Wesley was up on his feet instantly as soon as he heard Katherine's painful hiss and rushed over to her side. \"Are you all right?\" he asked her, staring at her with worried eyes. \"This is so stupid,\" Katherine muttered as she cradled her arm to her chest. \"Why would my blood heal everyone else but me?\" \"Oh, so selfless of you! To only care about others instead of yourself!\" Wesley said in a sarcastic tone of voice. Katherine glared at Wesley and rolled her eyes to him as he sat down beside her. She noticed Wesley's small smirk and couldn't help but roll her eyes at him again. Wesley placed a careful arm around Katherine and held his breath, waiting for Katherine to shrug away. When moments passed and she hadn't tried to push him away Wesley reached over with his free arm and poked at Katherine's left arm. \"Ow!\" Katherine yelped sharply. \"Sorry! I didn't think that it hurt that much!\" Wesley pulled his arms back to his side and frowned at himself. \"It hurts that bad?\" he asked. \"I'm sorry…\" \"It's fine, you didn't know,\" Katherine said with a sigh. Then, the unthinkable occurred. Katherine tilted her head to the side until it rested against Wesley's shoulder. Her eyes began to slowly drift closed and Wesley wasn't sure what to do. Her breathing started to become even and she leaned her body more toward Wesley. \"Kay?\" Wesley asked with an unsure voice. \"Just resting my eyes, Wesley,\" Katherine said, trying to ease Wesley's worried thoughts. \"I'm afraid to lie down because I might accidentally lean into my broken arm,\" she explained with a small yawn at the end of her sentence. \"Are you sure that's a good thing to be doing right now?\" Wesley asked. \"We're surrounded by snow with a fire that won't last too long because there isn't much wood left and there's no heater in this little cabin…\" he thought out loud. \"Kay?\" Wesley turned his head just a little and couldn't help the smile that appeared on his face when he saw that Katherine had fallen asleep against him. He wrapped his arms around her gently and shifted her around so that she was now lying on the bed on her right side. Wesley's light blue eyes stared curiously at Katherine as she slept. \"Never saw you sleep before,\" he said out loud to himself, \"Thought you didn't.\" \"Mhm,\" Katherine mumbled in her sleep. Wesley shifted back on the bed and leaned forward. He leaned against his hands that were on the bed at either side of the slumbering silver-eyed Katherine. Wesley contemplated his next move and hesitated as he continued to stare at Katherine. He leaned forward until his face was an inch away from Katherine's. Suddenly his body froze when Katherine shifted so that she was lying more on her back now. Wesley breathed a sigh of relief, scared half to death when he thought that Katherine had woken up. He moved over so he was now hovering above Katherine and shut his eyes before leaning in and softly placing his lips against hers. Katherine moaned, from her sleep or from his kiss Wesley couldn't tell. He pressed his lips just a tad harder and let his right hand slip down toward Katherine's lower back. Katherine blinked tired eyes open and pulled away from Wesley, shaking her head to break the kiss. \"What are you doing?\" she demanded in a breathless whisper. Wesley was at a loss for words and just stared into Katherine's silver eyes. He had never been close enough to see them directly and realized they were more of a steal gray like from a gun than silver. The strange comparison boggling him for just a second before he rid of those thoughts. \"Well?\" Katherine said, still waiting for Wesley's answer. However, instead of replying with words Wesley just leaned forward and placed another kiss against her lips. This time it was stronger but more heated than passionate. Katherine's right hand came up to Wesley's chest and pushed him back, breaking the kiss a second time. \"No, Wesley, we can't do this!\" she protested. \"We can't do this, we can't do that! We can't do anything !\" Wesley whined. \"Kay, why not? What's your reason this time?\" \"Well, what's your reason? Why do you do this? Why do you want to do this?\" Katherine asked, her eyes looking deep into Wesley's. \"I told you: I'm just here to help you and nothing else.\" \"Come on, Kay! Don't make this into some sappy love story!\" Wesley moved the hand that was Katherine's lower back to her waist and pushed her body more onto the bed so that they were more eye-to-eye with each other. \"After all that we've been through together, you can't tell me that you don't feel a thing! Even a little!\" Katherine was about to respond but Wesley stopped her by pressing his lips against hers for a third time. Wesley moved his hand back to Katherine's lower back and raised her slightly so that she was arching upward. Katherine's right hand gripped onto Wesley's shirt and tried to push him away but Wesley only pushed back. The hand at Katherine's lower back moved once again, passing over her hip and resting against her left thigh. Katherine whimpered in protested and Wesley answered by raising her left leg up and wrapping it around his right one. Wesley pushed her body up, even more onto the bed and placed his right in between Katherine's thighs. \"Wesley,\" Katherine finally managed to say in a low whisper when Wesley pulled back for air. She gazed up at him with wide eyes and couldn't think of anything else to say. \"Katherine,\" Wesley said in reply, pausing his ministrations just a moment to gaze back at the young woman beneath him. They hadn't even known each other for that long yet if they left each other now they wouldn't know what to do. ","Summary":" Author's Note: Hey guys! This is just a little thing I did from boredom. Just a little one-shot tha"},{"Movie":"Wanted","Title":"A new Shot at Fate","Author":"KenzieLee","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4709227","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Asna punch was delivered to the side of my face by a very cute whitenboy, I for once listened to his question and let it set in. Whynare you here? I don't know why,nit could be because when an assassin had come to my home and killednmy parents I had somehow stopped him, with my mind. Incan guess what you're thinking, Stopped him with your mind?nYeah and I am the Queen of Scots! As it happens I don't know much about how I did itneither, but I do know once I had his gun, I fired a shot into hisnhead and I had never felt better in my 15 years. \"Why are you here?\" Wesley asked slamming his fistninto my face once more. I spit out a tooth, I guess I don't need my wisdomnteeth. \"I guess it's because I love the tastes of your fist. Nownback off you, skinny!\"I pulled on my wrist and the cloth that wasnholding them ripped. I kicked the chair that held me back and stoodnslightly. \"Bitch!\" I yelled as he swung high so I ducked down lownjust missing his fist I stumbled, I closed my eyes. When I openednthem he had hit something, something that wasn't there. A chuckle rasped from my throat, I stood up straight mynback cracking as I did. \"My turn.\" I swung out my hand and thenwall that had stopped him was no longer holding him back. I dashednforward leaping into a kick, he was quick to grab my foot and slam mento the ground. Wesley laughed, \"Nice try, bitch, but I'm stillnfaster.\" He said as my head knocked on the hard tiled floornbuckling a tile, with that I was out. Thenroom was covered with my fathers blood, some spattered on my shirt. \" Ahnlittle one, do you like this? Listen to her scream, this is all yournfault.\" The man said, cutting my mother again with his knife. Henlaughed as I starred at him too in shock to do anything else. Hensauntered over to me grinning, \"I hope God accepts you little one.\" I screamed, loud and long before he came in and chippednaway the wax like covering from my face. He smoothed away my hairnshushing me softly. \"Ashlyn, you're in my room. You're safe.\" Wesleynsaid sighing, whenever I slept, or was knocked out which happened tonbe more that I liked, I dreamed of that night two years ago. I sat up, Wesley turned away handing me a shirt. Intugged it on and he tossed me some sweats in them no doubt was anfresh pair of underwear. He turned and left without another word. Inpulled the underwear on and then the plaid sweats. After I had blownndry my hair, I stepped away from the mirror. I had pale white skinnand fire red hair which lay in very loose curls to my shoulders. Myneyes we're a blue green color at the moment, they we're hazel andnchanged when the light hit them. My high cheek bones hadn't seennblush or concealer in along time, one thing I wouldn't live withoutnwas my black eyeliner. I applied it softly making my eyes seem tonpop, giving me an older look. I walked out of the small bathroom into the stucco roomnin which Wesley and I lived. \"So, do I get to learn it today?\" Inasked as I always did, I awaited my usual no. I wanted to learn toncurve a bullet more than anything, more than I wanted to control mynforcefields. A grin spread across Wesley's face then he looked downnat my chest and his eyes shot up as his face turned a pale pink. Inlooked down, oops . Well I was a young women I had rather,nmedium sized breast which when unprotected by a bra nipped out. \"I think I need some new clothes.\" I said crossingnmy arms over my chest. Wesley nodded tossing me his leather coat, it had beennhis fathers. \"Then put some real jeans on and let's go,\" Hensighed shaking his head. \"shopping.\" I grinned pulling a pair of blue jeans off my bed, I rannand changed into them and walked out my hair pinned up. \"You nevernanswered my question.\" Suddenly he turned and tossed a knife at me, I throughnout my hand willing a wall. The knife seemed to hit somethingncrumpling in on itself. \"Well, I guess it's time.\" Wesley saidngrinning once again. My mouth turned into a grin as well, \"Run at me.\" Insaid snarly. He did and I flung out my hands pushing the wall makingnit hit him forcing him to the ground. \"I win, I get to drive.\" I took out my universalnkey, or knife and walked out shaking my ass past Wesley. He dusted himself off and followed out onto the street.nWe walked in silence scaning the street for the perfect car. \"Mine.\" I said running my hand across a rednfire-bird. I jammed my knife into the key slot on the drivers sidendoor, after fiddling for a moment it clicked and with a pull of thenhandle I was in, I did the same to the ignition and unlocked thenpassenger side door. As I started the car Wesley said, \"Keep it under 70,nplease?\" I laughed and shot out of the parking space cutting offna couple cars I sped toward the city still laughing. \"Let's go some where more ritzy, how about thenSalvation army?\" I asked passing the goodwill we normally shoppednat. He nodded holding on to the safety bars, of everythingnin the world my reckless driving scared him more than anything else.nI slowed down sullenly and pulled into the parking lot of the NewnYork City Salvation Army. I walked in the door which was being held open by guynmy age he looked me over and whistled, out of the corner of my eye Insaw Wesley tense a little. \"No chance.\" I said walking in. After about an hour of trying things on we left, both innnew outfits. I wore a black leather corset which was tied up with rednribbons. A red cotton coat which hung down past my knees the sleevesnwere only 3 courter perfect for hiding small blades. My black leathernpants were tight in all the right places, I knew this because I hadnwatched Wesley's jaw drop when he saw me, he looked me up and downnlicking his lips. On my feet I wore a pair of Chuck Taylors,nbeautiful black converse. Wesley wore a pair of dark blue jeans, A light bluent-shirt that clung to his underlying muscles. He had on a pair ofnDockers, unpractical for running but for just about anything elsenthey rocked. Wesley got in the drivers seat, I plunked down into thenpassenger side as he drove us to the shooting range outside New YorknCity. \"Ash you look, really Amazing.\" Wesley said keepingnhis eyes on the road. I grinned as I unbuckled my seat belt, I placed one legnby the emergency break and I lowered myself into his lap. I locked my eyes with his, \"I know, this\" I gesturednto my outfit, \"Is all for you.\" I placed my hand on his waist andnleaned in and our lips crashed together, the car not swerving once.nHis lips melded with mine our heads moving quickly, he tasted amazingnand his knew how to kiss amazingly. He swung me into the passenger seat just as a bulletnwhizzed through the back window. He handed me a gun, \"Curve thenbullet at his head, learn and learn fast Ash.\" I looked at thenbeautiful gun, he had promised me this gun. I grinned jumping into the back seat, I closed off thenworld from my mind. I cocked the gun and with a furious kick I tooknout one side of the back window, I spun my wrist and a bullet shotnout the barrel spinning perfect curving into the man driving thenblack SUV's head. The car slammed into the barricade exploding as Infired four more shots into its tail end. Wesley laughed as I turned back to him, \"You're a fastnlearner and a great kisser, who'd a thunk it.\" ","Summary":" Asna punch was delivered to the side of my face by a very cute whitenboy, I for once listened to hi"},{"Movie":"Wanted","Title":"Irony","Author":"EDelta88","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4730735","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Irony What happened afternSloan joined everyone else in the after life. Sloan suddenlynmaterializes, \"Hey look who decided to show up,\" says Repair Man. \"And the irony of itnis I'm the only one that needed to be here,\" Sloan mutters tonhimself before he notices that everyone is staring at him, \"You allnheard that didn't you.\" Everyone nods. \"Well shit don'tnwe feel stupid, if he was faking other kill orders why couldn't henfake ours to keep us loyal,\" chuckles Fox. ","Summary":" Irony What happened afternSloan joined everyone else in the after life. Sloan suddenlynmaterializes"},{"Movie":"Wanted","Title":"What Happens In The Record Room","Author":"serenity's angel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4836812","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Serenity Angel: I absolutely loved the movie and thought of a character I could insert in it. Instead of making it a long story I decided to do a one shot with the scene I wanted to do over most. This is just like the last to scenes of the movie with my character. Hope you liked. Disclaimer: I don't own the movie Wanted or the characters except Ayden Jenna Harris a.k.a Hunter and the mention of her twin Avery Marie Harris. \"These are fake.\" Everyone one in the room turned slowly to the owner of the soft feminine voice that had just broken through Sloan's little speech. The hazel green eyes that had recently been looking at the slip of paper with the small square of fabric tacked to it turned to the old man who held a look of shock himself, though not as intense as some of the other members in the room. He had opened his mouth then closed it again, no sound emitting from his lips. Fox herself masked any emotion from her face but her eyes said it all. The young man with baby blue eyes simply stared at her too in shock but the corners of his mouth were fighting the smirk it was urged to show. Then the old man's face suddenly turned hard, out of anger or surprise, none were really sure. \"What did you-\" \"I said…\" the young woman said turning her gun away from Wesley and onto Sloan. \"These assignments are fake.\" She let the paper fall to the ground, the hand that had occupied it falling to her side lightly on the gun she had concealed in her cargo pants as she shifted her weight to her right side, her hip jutting out. She held no emotion on her face but her eyes held a mix of anger and amusement. Sloan was about to speak again but she cut him off answering the question he was about to ask. \"You have the wrong name you stupid fuck. My name isn't Avery Marie Harris. It's Ayden Jenna Harris. You got the name of the wrong twin.\" She stated the hand holding the gun taking it off it's safety while the other inched slowly toward the other gun. The others watched her, still shocked. Mutterings of \"she can speak\" or \"holy shit!\" could be heard through out the room and they were quickly forgetting their reason for being there. Sloan bristled but refused to say a word. So she decided to bide time and help Wesley. After all that was what she had been doing from the beginning. \"So how long did you think that shit you've been feeding me was gonna hold up? Or the drugs to keep me mute and unable to remember my past?\" Once again Sloan said nothing. \"You didn't think Cross was gonna have someone on the inside? Didn't think that he'd tell me everything before he left?\" That got him pissed and she couldn't help but smirk. \"It's sad. You're loosing your touch Sloan.\" She said shaking her head slightly. Everyone else just watched the scene tensely, wondering which side to take. \"So what are you going to do now? Kill me? You should have more gratitude Hunter. We took you in! We-\" He began. \"NO! You took me away! Took everything from me. And what you make us do now? Just to turn a profit? To answer your question Sloan, no I won't kill you.\" She shot a glance at Fox and Wesley who knew what she was about to do. She grasped the gun in her pocket firmly and asked God to forgive what she had been doing for so many years of her life and let her see the pearly gates because she knew the odds were stacked against her and it wasn't too likely she'd walk out of this building alive. \"It's the kid's place to put that bullet in you.\" She had to smile inwardly at this. She was actually younger than him by a couple of years, but she wasn't exactly the new fish on the chopping block anymore. \"Cross would've wanted that. If he couldn't put the bullet in you himself, he'd want the kid to end it. Even though he never wanted this life for him in the first place.\" She said her tone going harsh at the thought of Cross, who took care of her and looked after her like a father would when he was still in the Fraternity, was dead. About the way he had to go. It was just too sick. \"So what, you expect them to believe you now? To just take up arms against me? Just because you let that soft, sweet little voice be heard?\" Sloan said with amusement. \"You can just put the barrel of that .45 in your mouth and make it all easier for us.\" She smirked. \"You haven't spoken a word since we found you. And now you let us in that you've been Cross's wingman within the ranks? For all we know you could have been the reason that so many of our people where killed by him. So who'd you send to their deaths? Ace? Hatchet? Wolf?\" he asked. Some of the members in the room turned to her, waiting for her response. \"No, you did. Once you sent them out there after him. I had nothing to do with anyone he killed. You and everyone in this room knew he was the best. Especially after he killed Mr. X. And you basically sent cubs to do a lion's job. You sent them to their deaths. All he wanted to know about was his son, and when was the opportune moment to kill you.\" She said That's when everyone looked confused. \"Oh you didn't know? While we were still training Wesley, Sloan here thought it smart to send members he didn't exactly trust to kill him. They all had the potential to find out like Cross. So Sloan sent them to die. Like lambs to the slaughter.\" As she said this they turned to Sloan. \"Is this true?\" a member next to Hunter asked. Sloan looked at them calmly. He never was one to loose his cool. \"Are you really gonna believe her? Or are you gonna believe me? Who took you in and made you who you are? Who protected you? Who helped gave you the power to be gods?!?!\" he said his voice rising. \"I have no reason to lie to them. I've been listening to them for years. I gained their trust because of honesty. They couldn't know what I was thinking because of you. Why would I lie? So, are you so low Sloan? \" He said nothing but let his lip curl into an ugly snarl and she expected as much. She chuckled and still kept the gun aimed. \"Then I'm not truly sorry it has to end this way.\" She moved and Sloan took out his gun, quickly pulling the trigger as soon as it's aim was trained on Hunter. She hadn't made to move away. She hadn't made to shoot Sloan. She had thrown the gun that was in her pocket at Wesley, while Fox began to shoot at all who had suddenly trained their aim at Hunter while throwing a gun to Wesley herself. Fox was too late however. Too late to curve a bullet into the one Sloan had squeezed off. Hunter expected as much. Fox was great. Extremely great. And she herself was good. Very good. Almost to Cross's level, since he had trained her in secrecy. But right now, at that moment, almost wasn't good enough. The bullet had hit it's target. It hit Hunter right above the heart and sent her flying backwards to the wooden floors of the record room. Problem was, she hadn't move to stop it. Hadn't made the effort to actually make it out alive. She was done. Done with the lies and betrayal. Done with killing and feeling empty and tainted. Done with feeling like she had let Cross down. Done with trying to return to the family that was waiting for her. Done with trying to keep them from ever being caught up into the web of the Fraternity. She'd let the chips fall were they may and hoped that someone up there was looking out for her. Practically the whole left side of her body throbbed in pain. The wind had gotten knocked out of her and she gasped for air. She knew the bullet hit something vital and probably just scratched the tip of her heart. How could this one bullet hurt so much? She had been hit before but those we just scratches compared to how this felt. Was she really as pathetic to let one bullet take her life? The assassin she was should have been ashamed, but the last piece of her humanity could care less. As the world around her began to fade to black and the sounds of bullets flying this way and that grew distant, she swore that she'd heard him call her by her name. Not by the name the Fraternity had given her, but by the name she was given at birth. She swore that Fox had actually cursed at her and told her to stay awake. She smiled at the thought that they actually cared. At least there was one last thought to comfort her as she left this world. She wish she could say she'd leave without regrets, but she couldn't. She knew however that someone up there would seriously want her to live out her life with some sort of normalcy if they allowed her to stay. But should she be thinking of such trivial things just then? It was the worse time for it. Maybe when the pain receded or when she'd stop trying to hang on to the realm of the living. Maybe but not just now… They say before you die you see you're whole life flash before you're eyes. Well that was only partly true for Hunter. Her life in the Fraternity is what showed up. When she had been 'saved' by Sloan and another member of the Fraternity. When they had taken her to the Fraternity Sanctuary and allowed her to stay. When they had found out she had the ability to become an assassin instead of just working in the factory. When Repairman first beat the shit out of her. Her very first dose of Vodka (and alcohol for that matter) from Exterminator while in the healing bath. The first cuts she received from Butcher. The first gun Gunman taught her to use. When she successfully curved the bullet on her first try, surprising everyone in the Fraternity. When Cross taught her how to plan successfully and strategically in complex assignments. When Fox took her on her first train run. The first assignment she had ever done. When she was given the 'honor' of going up against Sloan and Mr. X in one-on-one battles. When she was given her rank of being a mentor, shining for the fact that she had something to bring to the skills of the Fraternity. The bonds she had made. She had never talked back for at the time she thought she didn't know how. But they easily found her trustworthy. Cross liked her best for some reason. He'd tell her about Wesley to the point where she knew practically everything about him. That's why he told her everything before he left. It broke her heart to see the man she had came to admire as her father practically brake down in front of her when it came to telling her what Sloan and been doing to suppress her memory and ability to speak. He told her what to look out for, how to contact him and still look loyal to the Fraternity. She'd promise to look out for Wesley as best as she could and make sure he didn't do things he'd regret if Cross couldn't get him away. Basically she was to become Wesley's silent best friend. She had joined Cross's side of the issue without a second thought knowing that she could trust this man with her life, which she'd done many an occasion when she was still considered a rookie. She remembered when she had first laid eyes on Wesley. His sleeping form amused her. It could be seen that he was basically a geek from the get go. But when she saw the first glint of his baby blue eyes she got the need to help him. To protect him, just like his father had been trying to do all his life. She had felt relieved that he'd left but now that he knew about the Fraternity, she knew he'd come back. Didn't really surprise her that Fox was the one to bring him. It did worry her however. The damage that Repairman and Butcher did the first day, made her time look like a walk in a park. Hey, at least she didn't go down after four hits. It took six. And then Gunman practically scarred him more than already possible at that point. What worried her most, was when it came time for him to go up against herself. Fox had just pushed him into the room and told him to 'watch his ass' staying on the outside of the door. It was all too easy to sneak up on him and attack him from behind. And she hit him hard for the fact. But she watched just like the rest of them as he became an assassin. A murderer for an unknown cause. Each time he passed a test it gave her happiness and pain. He was losing touch with the human world and he gave his soul away till there was almost nothing left. But Exterminator managed to do what she couldn't with his death: Give him back a piece of his morality and his connection with the human world. Cross gave him back the rest with his death. She wished she could say that she had been as much apart of helping him as they were, but she felt it wasn't true. She would drag him to the healing baths herself, take care of his wounds while he was sleeping. She taught him, actually helped him, and took it easier on him than the rest. She gave him that extra push or move that she taught no one else. She'd listen to him especially when he felt troubled with the whole ordeal. She responded as best as she could, since it was somewhat mandatory to know sign language as well as the special codes and signs she'd use to talk, but the barrier had always been the fact that he could speak and she couldn't. She tried to get as close as she could without anyone getting suspicious of her intentions. But he learned the whole truth now and he was free to take back what was left of his life. She hoped for his sake that he didn't stay an assassin. Hopefully she'd be able to keep a better eye out, but what exactly entails that she was going to Heaven? Let the chips fall where they may. The pain did eventually recede but she felt cold. She shouldn't be able to feel anything if she was dead. Wait, maybe everything was gonna heat up and she did actually end up in Hell. But can you feel your own heartbeat in Hell? And what about the need to breathe? To break through a barrier, of what felt like wax that was as cold as ice? If she would dare herself to think so it almost felt like… Crack Sounded like… Crack Come on push… push… push… Another loud crack and she pushed her body to vault upwards. The first thing she did was choke on the sudden rush air. The second thing was shiver when said air made contact with her wet skin. She gasped for air and looked around and pushed her wet light brown bangs back from her face with her right hand. This was so not Heaven. Nor was it Hell. Or at least she didn't think so. It was a room. What kind she couldn't tell at the moment. She looked down at herself. In nothing but the lavender lacy bra and matching boy shorts underwear she had put on before the showdown. She also noticed she was sitting up in a tub with shards of what looked like familiar white wax floating around. The next thing noticed was the small cut like scar that lay above her left breast. She let her right hand ghost along it lightly as her left hand gripped the edge of the tub as hard as she could manage. She let herself breathe heavily, not ready to dare to fully touch it or believe what her mind was telling her. What her surroundings we telling her. She suddenly heard faint footsteps but didn't let it completely register. She was too shocked to what reality the situation was bringing. But then she heard that sharp in take of air. She knew it wasn't from herself, so she let head drift up to where the sound was coming from. When she did, hazel green eyes met baby blue. The same baby blue that she tried to protect. Her eyes widened in shock, as did his. She let her mouth open and closed while his curled in to a relieved smile. \"Ayden.\" She couldn't reply. She was too shocked. We're the both dead? Or was she really… She made the move to get out the tub but the slight pain in her left shoulder prevented otherwise and for the first time in a long time, she winced and hissed in pain. It also caused her to slide back into the tub. She didn't even see when he had rushed to her side or grabbed a towel until it was around her and she felt herself being lifted from the tub. She would have blushed if she had thought she had the energy to. He set her on a bed that just happened to appear in the room and she heard the faint sound of footsteps approaching. She craned her neck towards the door or at least tried to with Wesley blocking her line of vision and fussing over her. There at the doorway with a smirk on her lips but relief in her eyes was Fox. Right behind her was Gunman who took to leaning against a wall. Fox shook her head then walked over to the bed effectively pushing Wesley out the way and toward the door with a trail of threats and curses behind him if he didn't shut said door. Once she knew it was locked Fox immediately turned to Hunter and looked her over. It looked like she was resisting the urge to slap the poor girl senseless and failing miserably. She sighed and moved over to where Wesley had picked up a towel earlier and grabbed a couple more. \"I know we didn't train you to go down so easily.\" She said quietly as she moved back toward Hunter who had rolled her eyes at the comment. Hunter knew that was going to come. She felt something fuzzy land on her head as Fox came back into her line of sight. She favored her left arm so she wouldn't feel as much pain from the wound. It seemed as if any pull from the upper left half of her body triggered a shot of pain. Fox bent to her eye level and rub the towel on her head looking at her face. \"What? Going back into your vow of silence?\" Fox asked after awhile. Hunter closed her eyes chuckling silently. \"No. It just hurts to talk.\" She said in a raspy voice. She hadn't truly tested the fact before, but now she knew better. Fox just chuckled and looked at her. She looked like she was struggling to hold something in. Hunter sighed and looked at Fox with a small smile. \"Go ahead. Just don't beat me. I think my left side is already in enough pain.\" She said quietly. Fox sighed and let her eyes turn hard. \"What the fuck were you thinking? Were you hell bent on dying? And risking it all like that? You know that if Sloan knew you could speak you would've been dead 15 minutes after that fact right?\" Fox ranted. It went on for at least 10 minutes. Hunter was pretty sure that Gunman and Wesley thought that Fox was physically adding more damage, standing in front of the door and listening to every curse. She had managed to change into dry undergarments by herself with some difficulty while Fox ranted on. She half listened to most of it, but was happy that Fox was chewing her ass out. It meant that she actually cared and wasn't the stone cold bitch she acted like in the Fraternity. \"Why didn't you tell me?\" She suddenly heard Fox say. Hunter looked up at the woman and saw that semi-hurt look in her eyes. \"I didn't want Sloan after you. After Cross told me, it was my burden to bear, and no one else's. I didn't want you to get hurt.\" Hunter stated quietly as if it was the most obvious answer in the world. \"Since when did I need protecting?\" Fox chuckled looking at her. \"When Cross left. Sloan would've killed all who got in his way.\" She answered. Fox looked at her when she said this and noted the serious glint in her eyes. Fox sighed and hand over a long-sleeved, layered tee and faded jeans. Hunter took them and getting up hissing, she put on jeans first. She had turned her back to Fox and heard her move across the room toward the door. As she was about to pull on the shirt, Hunter stopped and stared out of the window in this room. It was night. The other houses glinted with lights and the sky was clear. She knew Fox was about to leave. \"Is he dead?\" Hunter asked when Fox had her hand hovering over the door. The two stayed silent for a long time. \"Not yet.\" Was Fox's reply before she opened the door and left the room. She let her mouth press into a thin line, before sighing and pulling on the rest of the shirt very carefully. She still winced in pain a couple of times and closed her eyes to will it away. \"Shit.\" she muttered after the shirt was completely on. She took one deep breath and that just typically made it worse. \"Someone once told me the oldest freaking cliché in the book: No pain, no gain. Followed by, if you can't stand that pain then why bother living in a world filled with it?\" She swallowed and smiled before turning around to see Wesley staring at her. He had most likely entered the room right after Fox had exited because he looked comfortable in the spot he was standing in. \"Of course this wasn't said with her voice but she still told me this. So the question is: why is she bitching?\" he asked with a smirk and she leveled him with a glare but couldn't help but smirk a little through the pain. They stood there quietly, him waiting for her to say something and she trying to think of something to say. This would be the first time she spoke to him with a voice, so what was there to say? \"Well it would all depend wouldn't it?\" she said in a quiet voice, taking a slow breath afterward. \"She would have already gone through all the crap you did two-fold. But then again she would've gone through what she did back in the record room and not think she was most likely going to die, almost hoping for it in a way, only to make it in the end.\" She said. She hadn't moved from her spot. A part of her, still clinging to some of the things she learned through the Fraternity made her refuse to show her pain, especially in front of the person she mentored. He was staring intently however; it had begun when she had mentioned the part about hoping not making it out alive. \"So excuse me if I find that reality hurts a little bit.\" She said raising her chin a little. \"Just a little?\" he asked tilting his head to the side. \"Yeah, a little. So little it doesn't even hurt anymore.\" She said and raised her arms for effect as she moved toward him. Big mistake. The motion set shocks of pain rippling through her left side and she winced and faltered a step almost falling over. Almost. Either he was really freaking fast now-a-days or she was just in that much pain because he was at her side and had her bridal style in less than 13 seconds. Again the urge to blush crept upon her, but she won't let the \"kid\" get that response from her. He set on her on the bed and helped her lay down as to not disturb her shoulder. He sat down with her, worried but looking like he wanted to laugh at the same time. He waited till she stopped wincing completely and her eyes were open, even though they looked extremely tired. \"The reason that reality is a bitch is because Sloan laced his bullets with a poison. Even if the victim were to get the bullet out the poison usually killed them very, very slowly.\" He said with a hint of a smile in his voice. She looked at him trying to glare, but just looking wary in the end. \"You waited till now to tell me now that I'm still gonna end up dying?\" she said her voice as low as a whisper but he laughed. \"You are the only lucky one. We caught the poison in time and now all you have to do is heal. It's gonna hurt more because it was basically cutting off everything in your body one piece at a time. And since it was so close to your heart it was worse. You'll live, just in pain for a couple of days.\" He said shifting her so that she was straight on the bed with her head on a pillow and he was leaning on the head board. She was too tired to bitch at him for taking care of her so she left it alone and processed the information he had just given. She could bet that not even Cross had known that detail. Cross would have told her and she would have definitely dodged the bullet. He looked out the window and she looked at the ceiling letting her eyes close slowly, letting the silence pass between them. She didn't know how long they were in silence or if she had drifted off to sleep but the sudden sound of his voice made her jump, she was just too tired to show it. \"You were in contact with him through this whole thing.\" He said and she turned her head toward his voice before opening her eyes. He was staring at her with no emotion on his face, so it made it hard to think what he would think of the information she was going to give. \"Yeah, I was.\" She said her voice low on its own accord. \"And you had the ability to speak?\" he asked. \"What am I doing now?\" she asked him. \"You never told me.\" He said with his eye still on her. \"Yes. That helped in keeping you alive.\" She replied. \"But I could have handled it.\" He argued. \"No. Sloan had his hook in you too deep. You became one of us faster than your father. You wouldn't have believed me. And me talking out of the blue would have set an alarm off faster than flipping the damn switch.\" She said turning slightly toward him, considering it was her left side. He turned fully on his side when he saw this and made her lie straight. They were silent again along with the whole house. Gunman and Fox must have either stepped out or was listening quietly into the conversation. He had taken to looking at the wall across from where he was looking letting the information sink in. \"We were close. Me and your father.\" She said deciding to get the truth off her chest before she fell back to sleep for who knew how long. He looked at her blinking a few times, his eyebrows furrowing closer together. \"How close?\" He asked and she had forgotten about the double meaning in her previous words. \"He basically took care of me, like his own daughter.\" She said and when she saw the brief pain flit through his eyes she closed hers. \"I was the only one who was really close to him. He told me everything. Would always tell me everything… What Sloan was doing to me. What Sloan was tricking us all to do. Especially when it came to you. You're ex is a true bitch by the way.\" She said mumbling the last part, relishing in how good the darkness of her eyelids felt. \"Everything about me?\" He asked and she let a small smile grace her lips. \"Because of Cross, I know you better than you do. There was always a new report on you each week. Oh and he didn't approve of that slut either. Screwing your supposed best friend, what the fuck is that?\" She said softly, ranting at the end. She heard him chuckle softly. She was loosing conscious now, she could feel it, but there was still one more thing to say. \"If you want, I could tell you about him.\" She whispered. She could feel his eyes on her and she explained further. \"All the stories he told me about his childhood and what I saw first hand. Anything you want to know, I'm the best person to tell it to you.\" She whispered again and as she drifted further into the recesses of unconsciousness, she faintly heard his last reply: \" Yeah, I'd like that.\" She didn't know how long she had stayed asleep but when she woke up, the sun was high and the room empty. She scrunched her eyes together and fought back the wave of pain in her head while she listened for any other sign of life in the house. She suddenly heard the clicks of someone shifting something. Sounded like a long range rifle, Fraternity make. The clicks sounded again. Yup definitely Fraternity make. She looked to the right where there was a bedside table to find pain killers and a sling. On the sling was a note: Wear it. Fox Awww, how sweet: a freaking sling. She got up using her left side as little as possible and grabbed the sling putting it on with slight difficulty but as quietly as she possibly could. She found that there were also a pair of boots and socks with the same note and addition that said 'no bitching' also from Fox. She sighed and quickly put it on with her good hand and cursing Fox for getting her boots. She preferred converses if is she was gonna be on semi-permanent house arrest, but then again with Wesley's little rat stunt all her converses could have been blown to smithereens. If that was the case he was so buying back every freakin pair of shoe wear that she owned, especially the converses. Standing up and ignoring the sudden wave of dizziness she took two pain killers from the bottle and swallowed them dry, walking silently to the next room. Gunman stood to the side of the hallway entrance to the next room, looking in the direction of the windows. Fox took to the wall opposite the windows, keeping her eyes trained on a random lazy boy in the room. Hunter shifted her gaze to find a head of unruly brown hair sitting in the lazy boy. She smirked when she saw the gun and moved silently over. She stood behind the chair lightly placing her right elbow on the top and the weight of her head on her right hand, letting her left curl around her chest thanks to the sling. She stared out the windows at nothing in particular but knew that Sloan was polluting the air with the stench of his breath for the last time. She smirked when she heard Wesley's last comment to Sloan, the last thing before ending it all and pulling the trigger: \" This is me taking back control of my life Sloan. What the fuck have you done lately?\" The shot rang true and Hunter closed her eyes. She could almost see his face once Sloan realized the set up they had created, hear the last curse on his breath, and watch as that long range bullet took his life. She opened her eyes to find Wesley standing up, gun still in hand as he cracked the bones in his neck. He looked back at her and smirked putting the gun down and grabbing her uninjured arm. \"Come on Ayden.\" He said pulling her toward the exit. She raised an eyebrow at the sudden action and use of her birth name, not really used to hearing it yet, but moved around the lazy boy and let him tug her along. \"Pray tell, where are we going?\" She asked as they walked toward the exit. \"To pay the decoy. I figured you could tell me all anything I wanted to know on the way there.\" He said looking back at her. He smiled and she smiled back sighing silently. \"Hey.\" Fox called and they both looked back to find something being thrown their way. Instinctively, Hunter maneuvered out of Wesley's grip and caught the object, which happened to be her black form-fitting leather jacket with a filled gun holster and shades on the inside. She looked at Fox and let one of her eyebrows raise, a smirk forming on her lips. She turned back around and followed Wesley out the door, shrugging the gun holster and one arm of the jacket on while letting the other rest on her the shoulder in the sling. \"And bring back some food.\" They heard Gunman call and why wouldn't they? Hell they should go out and eat or drink at one of the best bars in town. After all they each had a reason to celebrate. Thanks to Wesley they all had control of their own lives again. It never may have turned out the way Cross had intended, but this was pretty damn close. End Serenity Angel: It may not be the best but I seriously thought there should have been more Wanted fics. I may do a sequel kind-of- thing to this if I feel up to it. So tell me what you think about this one! ","Summary":" Serenity Angel: I absolutely loved the movie and thought of a character I could insert in it. Inste"},{"Movie":"Wanted","Title":"It's the Little Things","Author":"Glass Prism","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9111698","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ah, Wanted . I was rather obsessed with this movie for a few months. Even wrote a massive FanFiction on it. But it died, as did the fic. But I wanted there to be some evidence of the time and effort I put into it, so... here's one chapter. Read and review! Or don't; I'm fairly neutral either way. IT'S THE LITTLE THINGS The door to the train compartment slid open and Wesley found himself walking around in a muffled silence. The only sound above whisper level was that of the train on the tracks; a rather stark contrast to the loud bustle he had faced outside. It was a challenge to force himself to try and act, well, normal. Six weeks of brandishing guns around without any consequences was a hard habit to get rid of. He stuffed the gun out of sight in his pocket and hoped he didn't look too obvious about it. He looked behind himself. Fox was gone. Last he saw her, she had been chasing Pekwarsky through the station. He hoped she was all right, then snorted. Of course she would be all right. She was Fox. He was more worried about himself. For the first time, he was truly on his own. Now, where was Cross? As he walked down the aisle, he caught a glimmer in his peripheral vision. There was a car following the train, and just as he was reflecting on how pointless it was to be driving when there was a frigging train out here, he realized who it had to be – Fox. So he wasn't really alone…. He glanced from side to side quickly as he neared the end of the aisle. Cross was not among the passengers, so he had to be ahead – He realized it one second too late. Suddenly he felt someone grab him from behind. Arms wrapped around his shoulder and, as he reached for his gun, wrenched his hand away. He forced himself back and slammed Cross into the window – and in front of him he saw Fox's car catch up to their window, saw her raise a gun – The bullet shattered the window and went flying at their heads, but Wesley did not see it. Cross jerked them both down and they hit the floor, almost trampled on by the horde of screaming people fleeing for another compartment. Wesley rolled over, saw Cross looking up towards the window where Fox had shot at them, and, trying to take advantage of his distraction, grabbed his gun and raised his arm – Only to have Cross punch his wrist down and another wave of pain followed. Wesley barely managed to hold back his gasp of pain; his whole arm was numb now. Cross grabbed him and almost hurled him against one of the seats. Wesley lashed out with his arm but Cross caught it; leaning into his ear, he whispered, \"Wesley-\" Wesley head slammed him – or tried. Cross leaped back and shoved Wesley onto the floor, disappearing into the next compartment. With pain still ripping from his shoulder down, Wesley dragged himself up and grabbed his gun in his other hand. People from the other compartments were fleeing down toward him, and with no other choice, Wesley raised his gun and shouted, \"Out of the way! Out of the way!\" He forced himself through the door and saw Cross on the other side, aiming his gun – but not at Wesley. Frantically he looked and saw Fox's car – He shouted. \"No!\" Cross fired. The window did not shatter; instead, the bullet drilled its way out, leaving a neat hole and a small web of cracks. Passengers screamed and fled towards Wesley, surging around him. He yelled and fought his way through them, finally shoving himself into a clear position only to see Fox's car swerve out of control and tumble into the ditch between the road and the train. \"No!\" he screamed again, raised his gun and shot wildly at Cross, saw the other man's left arm jerk suddenly – The car exploded through the train. Pushed by its own momentum, it had ended up rolling out of the ditch and crashing against the lower half of the train. Glass shattered, metal walls and sidings bent and Wesley saw Cross throw himself behind a seat. Without a thought for himself or for Fox, Wesley hurtled over the car, smashing into people, bodies, seats… It was as he made it to the other end that he saw Cross suddenly whirl around, gun in hand and aimed squarely at Wesley's chest. He realized that he was going to be shot; that he was going to die at the hands of his father's murderer, his vengeance unfulfilled. Time seemed lose its grip on him, as if he were standing outside its stream. In his last few precious seconds of life, he could see Cross's expression even in the dim light, see him pull a trigger and the bullet leave the barrel, see the man's determination – and see how it turned to sudden, unexplainable fear – Wesley saw the muscles in Cross's cheek and neck tense. The man swung his arm in a way not dissimilar from the curving movement of a Fraternity member's arm – and the bullet flew to the side. Wesley saw it pass inches from his face seconds before he felt the sudden pain stinging the left side of his chest. He fell, and the impact, the shuddering of the train, sent white-hot pain vibrating up to his shoulder, so terrible it blinded him. He barely managed to hold back a yell – he would not scream, he would not give his father's killer the satisfaction of seeing him in pain – aware in the sudden haze of pain only of gritting his teeth to hold it back. He rolled over and felt a lessening of pain, put a hand to where it hurt and felt blood – Two things happened then. The first, as he forced himself back to his feet despite another lance of pain (but it was nothing, nothing compared to the training he had undertaken in the Fraternity, nothing compared to the bullet he had dug out of his own arm), was that he saw Cross leave the safety of his seat and grab him. Too stunned and in pain to resist at first, Wesley was pushed to the back by the front of his shirt and slammed against the wall of the train. Dizzy and out of breath, Wesley still couldn't understand when Cross grabbed his shoulders and shouted into his ear, \"Hold on!\" That was when the second thing happened. Pushed off the track by the car, the train tilted . For one second, they were frozen in that slanted position, one side of the train's wheels still caught in the track. Wesley was half-slipping and Cross was on him, gripping his shoulders in a vice-like grip – Then they fell against the train's walls, and the train slipped free of the track, and the moment broke. The world suddenly flipped. The train turned and spun and Wesley felt himself slammed into the window and the glass pierce through his jacket just as the train's side hit the ground. The two impacts thudded through his body like thunder, deep, shuddering – and then the window he had hit exploded up, up over him in a shower of glass particles – until the train rolled over again, and again, and the other side hit the ground and the glass came flying back down at his face. He covered his face instinctively at the same moment that he felt a great jerk at his arms, almost wrenching his arms from their sockets, and then he slid across metal ridging and heard the glass sprinkling on the metal and ground, but not him, no expected piercing or blinding – The train's spinning stopped with a sudden jerk that sent Wesley into the wall, his head colliding into the metal surface. Pain exploded behind his eyes in a starburst and he knew nothing. Creaking. That was what he first registered – the harsh sound of metal on metal, and he thought for a moment that the damn train was going by his window again and Cathy would be on him to get a new apartment, again – He tried to move his head to respond before she could speak, but then pain struck him somewhere in the forehead, behind his eyes, and some dim memory struggled up to the surface of his mind – a train, rolling – He opened his eyes. He was looking up into the ceiling, or what he assumed was the ceiling. His vision was blurred, overly-bright; he blinked several times, trying to clear it, but nothing happened. It felt like it took a great effort just to stay awake. There didn't seem to be any strength left in his body. He wondered vaguely where Fox was, but he didn't know and couldn't make himself focus on the thought for long. He was only aware of a dull nausea gripping him, pain down his chest and side, and a warm stickiness spreading along the left side of his chest and side and soaking into the sleeve of his arm. Wesley closed his eyes and lay there. From what seemed like a great distance, he heard moving glass and wreckage, then hurried steps. \"Wesley?\" That voice seemed familiar, but he couldn't think how. He felt hands grab his shoulders and lift him up, felt himself being propped against something… \"Wesley, we have to go. Can you walk?\" No, he certainly could not walk, and furthermore, he didn't want to. Metal had never seemed a particularly comfortable material for sleeping, but this kind was unusually cool and soothing – He felt hands grab him and he pushed himself off, feeling smooth leather against his fingers – and only then did he remember. \"Shit!\" he gasped, really forcing himself back now – where did his gun go, he couldn't find his gun, and all he felt was glass pricking at his fingertips – until Cross grabbed him again. \"Stop moving. You are hurt and we have to leave now.\" \"I – I am not going with – with you!\" Wesley managed to say. He shoved Cross back but it was a weak push; Cross's hands didn't even loosen. \"Wesley…\" Cross stopped, looking around. All was silent on the train. \"There's much you need to know about the Fraternity-\" Wesley pushed away his hand. \"Get away – get away-\" \"-but we have to leave-\" \" Fuck – fuck y-\" \"Listen to me!\" Cross jerked at Wesley's shirt. \"If I wanted to kill you, you would be dead.\" He had a point there. Cross continued, \"Let me get you out and then we can keep fighting, all right?\" Wesley glared at him with as much energy as he could muster, but there was nothing else he could do. He nodded. Cross sighed, and Wesley wondered if he had guessed that Wesley was planning his imminent demise. It was strangely difficult to care, though… \"Good,\" said Cross. \"Get up-\" Wesley tried, but slipped on his own blood and fell on to the floor. He gasped again as his shoulder smacked into the glass. Forget Fraternity training; he was in too much pain and just so tired… Then he was being lifted by one arm and placed into a seat. He settled his head into the cushion. Staying in the train really didn't seem like a bad idea… A sound made him crack open his eyes. Cross was at one of the broken windows, breaking any glass still in place with his gun. He looked outside, then crossed to Wesley and lifted him to his feet again. \"Wesley. I need you to go through the window. Can you do that?\" \"Mmkay…\" He grabbed at the edges, something gnawing at the edge of his mind. \"My gun…\" \"Nevermind it. Go.\" \"No…\" The gnawing grew stronger. \"It's my father's gun…\" \"Your – Wesley, you will get another, now – no!\" Later he would realize he was probably delirious from pain and the whole messed up situation, but at the time all he remembered was that he could not lose his father's gun. Perhaps it was something to do with Cross and this idea that he had to take down the man with his dad's old weapon. Maybe he just didn't want to be defenseless. Whatever it was, it gave him enough strength to push himself away from the window and try to look for it. It wasn't much of an attempt – as soon as he left the support of the wall he collapsed, cutting his hands on the glass. He couldn't even look much there because within seconds Cross had grabbed him and hauled him bodily out the window. He hit the ground hard, the long grass not helping to break a rather longer fall than he was expecting. He felt dirt getting into his cuts and the grass pricking at his skin, but couldn't do much more than roll on to an uninjured side of his body. The sunlight was beating down upon his head, blinding him. The sound of someone else landing on the ground, probably with much more grace than he could ever manage, still wasn't enough to get him out of his stunned stupor. That same person shaking at his arm, though… \"Wesley. Get up.\" \"Mm…\" \"We can't stay here, Wesley.\" Then he was lifted up again, one arm slung over Cross's shoulder, and half walked, half dragged up the slope. Through hazy vision Wesley could see the destruction around them – the entire train, half of it off the track in some sort of wide semi-circle, the rest partly on the track. The tracks had been raised above the rest of the surrounding land, and they had to trek up the slope, across the tracks, and down another incline to reach the road, which was leveled above them somewhat. By the time they had done this, Wesley was soaked from a mixture of sweat and blood. Cross let him collapse on the dirt street when it was over and strode away. Wesley closed his eyes. He could hear the man talking. \"…have him. He's injured.\" He felt Cross's shadow over him, felt him move away. \"Yes. Yes, we'll be waiting.\" He heard rocks and sand crackling. \"You'll know it when you see it.\" Wesley heard Cross come closer and knew the man was leaning over him again. \"Get up. We have to get off the road.\" Wesley was really in no mood to move around, and tried to make this clear by grunting his disagreement. \"We're in clear view,\" said Cross, apparently interpreting that as a question. \"If anyone comes along, they might see us. Come…\" He felt Cross grab him and pull him to his feet again. They moved a short distance into the bushes lining the ditch. Cross kneeled down and seemed intent on keeping Wesley up and next to him, but Wesley wasn't going to stand next to his father's killer a moment longer, not if he could help it. He pushed himself away and landed in a lot of prickly grass. \"Careful,\" he heard Cross say. He blinked up at the man, who was watching him calmly. Cross went on, \"You're hurt.\" \"What… do you… care?\" Cross didn't answer. Wesley tried to find a good spot to just lie in, but everything was poking at him, and the entire place was sloped downward. After a few moments of rolling around he gave up and just lay there. One half of him felt ashamed and humiliated. He should be trying to take down this man, and instead he was lying here like some pussy, barely able to walk. The other half just wanted to shut up and sleep. He decided to obey that half. He closed his eyes and curled up on the dirt. It seemed like only a few seconds passed before Cross was shaking him and hauling him up. \"Get up,\" said Cross. \"We're leaving.\" Wesley opened his eyes and rolled over sluggishly. In the distance he could see a car coming towards them. Cross grabbed Wesley and got to his feet, pulling the younger man up with him. \"You…\" Wesley paused to get his tongue working. \"You going to kill me now?\" \"No.\" The answer should have been a surprise, but somehow his pain-addled brain couldn't make it so. Everything seemed to be entering his mind in a fog. \"Why not?\" Cross looked as if he were about to answer, but then the car pulled up in front of the wreckage of the train and they were moving out of the ditch, Wesley dragged alongside. He felt dull and resigned to the whole thing. Were they going to take him hostage? Torture him? He didn't really know and, at the moment, didn't particularly care. He just wanted to lie down and rest. A man poked his head out from the window and Wesley recognized him – Pekwarsky. \"You did it,\" was all the old man said. Cross opened the door and pushed Wesley inside. \"We have to leave, quickly,\" he said as he got in. \"The other one might still be alive.\" Pekwarsky nodded and hit the gas. The car swerved tightly and started back down the road, Wesley bumping into the other side of the car. \"Watch the blood,\" said Pekwarsky. Wesley felt indignation prickle at the back of his mind. Pekwarsky jerked the wheel about and said, as casually as if they were talking about the weather, \"I see you had some… complications.\" \"A few.\" Cross pulled off his jacket and wrapped it around Wesley's body, then buckled his seatbelt for him. It was warm and comforting and Wesley did not like the feeling at all. He also didn't like it when Cross put a hand to Wesley's head. It felt oddly parental, and it made Wesley feel sick. \"He is injured.\" \"So are you. Bad?\" \"I'm not sure.\" Cross let go of him. \"Wesley…\" Wesley tried to crawl as far away from the man as possible, but didn't succeed very well – a combination of the seatbelt and his own weakness. \"Let me see.\" Cross pushed Wesley's arm out of the way and poked a bit at the wound in his chest. Wesley gritted his teeth at the pain, his mind screaming at him to punch, hit, fight back, but his body equally adamant that it could not do any of that. Then he heard Cross move back and say, \"No. A few hours in recovery and he'll be fine.\" Recovery. They were going to let him heal? For what? He tried to think on it but couldn't get any ideas. Cross's fingers brushed against Wesley's hair, stayed there. Wesley grunted again, trying to push him off, but Cross wasn't budging. \"I was asking about your injuries, not his,\" said Pekwarsky, sounding rather exasperated. Cross ignored that. \"How far are we?\" \"Just a few hours. Can he hold on until then?\" \"Yes.\" \"Good. And enough time for a father-son chat between you, right?\" Cross's hand jerked away from Wesley's head. The last words took a long time to penetrate Wesley's brain as a sudden silence fell between the two. Slowly, he raised his head to look at the two. \"What…\" He swallowed, tasted blood. \"What did you say?\" Pekwarsky shot a glance at Cross through the mirror. \"You didn't tell him.\" \"I had no time.\" Wesley felt Cross's hand brush over him again and jerked back, yet when Cross spoke again there was a distinct note of fondness in his tone. \"And he didn't seem to want to hear.\" \"Hear what?\" asked Wesley, feeling the words slur. He shook his head and felt Cross grab at him to stop him from moving. He jerked back, staring at the man. \"Tell me what? What were you going to tell me?\" Cross looked back at Pekwarsky. \"Wesley…\" \"Who are you?\" Wesley demanded. Louder, when he received no answer, \"Who the hell are you?\" \"Wesley, I'm your father.\" That feeling – it was like when he had slammed into the ground in the train, a deep shudder in his body. \"No…\" He slumped against the door, drained. \" No …\" \"You are my son.\" Wesley let his head rest against the window, hoping the coolness of the glass would unfog his brain and force everything to make sense. It did not, only got a bloody streak on it. \"Did they …\" he mumbled, as Cross moved him away from the car door. This time he didn't resist. \"Did the Fraternity…?\" Cross answered his unfinished question. \"Yes. They knew.\" \"The Fraternity knew that you were the only one your father would not kill,\" said Pekwarsky from the front. \"So they tracked you down and lied to you, used you.\" Wesley pushed himself away from them again. \"I – I don't believe you.\" He wrapped the jacket – Cross's jacket (his father's jacket, a voice whispered, but he pushed it away) – tighter around himself. \"It goes further than that,\" Pekwarsky went on. \"Sloan's name-\" \"Shh.\" That was Cross. \"He needs to know-\" \"Later. You're tiring him.\" And Wesley hated how concerned he sounded. He closed his eyes again and rested his head against the seat. The shaking of the car was lulling him into a half-conscious state. He started awake when he felt something cold being pressed against his forehead and muttered a protest which was promptly ignored. \"You would be better off cleaning your own wound,\" Pekwarsky said from up front. \"I'm fine.\" \"Did the boy do that?\" \"Yes.\" He had shot Cross? When had that happened? He tried to go over his memory but couldn't go beyond the last few minutes. It hurt his head to think and he decided to just let Cross work, though getting back to sleep with him dabbing at him was rather difficult. When the car went over a particularly large bump, Wesley found himself leaning against Cross's shoulder. He was going to shift away, but then Cross put an arm around him and just held him there, and continued to wipe at his face. \"How is he?\" asked Pekwarsky. It seemed to take a long time for the words to really register, and even then Wesley found himself not really caring that they were talking about him. \"A lot of glass in him, injury to the head, and a gunshot wound.\" \"You shot him?\" \"It was an accident.\" Pekwarsky didn't sound particularly concerned. \"He shot you, you shot him. I suppose you two can consider yourselves even.\" \"No. I've shot him twice. He's only shot me once.\" Wesley felt Cross move the jacket aside and push up the sleeve of his left shirt. He could vaguely remember being hit there… There was a silence, Wesley falling into a doze and coming out whenever Cross started cleaning at him again. When he was about as clean as he was going to get, Cross covered him up with his jacket and pulled him in closer. After that, Wesley didn't remember much, just flashes as he came out of his sleep – the trees speeding by, the brief glare of the sun on his eyes before Cross covered his face with the jacket, the skyline of Chicago, and finally the car stopping in front of a house. Cross shook Wesley, though he was already awake. \"Wesley, we're here.\" Wesley got up slowly. His head swam with the movement and he almost fell over again. Cross steadied him, pulled Wesley's arm around him, and helped him out of the car. Dimly, Wesley noticed that he seemed to be favoring his left side slightly, but was otherwise moving normally. Pekwarsky poked his head out of the front window. \"Get inside quickly. They may be watching.\" \"Yes. Thank you.\" Pekwarsky nodded, then drove away. Cross and Wesley were alone. It was dark, even the street lamps not enough to give them more than a dim view of things up ahead. Cross helped him until they reached the first stairs, asking, \"Can you make it?\" \"Yes,\" Wesley mumbled, then promptly slid off of Cross and slumped on the steps, leaning against the railing. He heard Cross sigh. \"Sorry,\" he muttered. \"Never mind. Here…\" Cross grabbed him again. Little by little, the two went up what seemed like an insurmountable staircase. Finally, the man deposited a wheezing Wesley onto the floor so that he could unlock the front door, then dragged the younger man inside. The noise of the traffic dimmed as Cross shut the door and helped Wesley into another room, where he deposited him on a bed. Wesley closed his eyes as he flopped back against the pillow. He heard Cross move next to him, then nothing. For a few moments they said nothing, Wesley concentrating only on getting the dizziness to recede. A quiet clink made him start. He mumbled, \"Whazat?\" \"Gun.\" Cross moved back slightly. Wesley blinked. Cross had returned his gun, the one he thought had been left in the wrecked train, had put it on the end table next to the bed. \"Mine…?\" No, his father's gun. Cross's gun… right? \"You seemed to want it rather badly.\" There was an emotion in Cross's tone that he couldn't quite decipher, half humorous, half scolding. It was distinctly odd, as Wesley had never been talked to that way before. \"Thanks…\" He slumped into the bed. But though he felt so tired and aching sore, he had to ask, \"Was it… yours?\" Or had he been lied to about that, too? He had grown attached to that weapon, had thought of it as one of the few connections to a father he would never know. It made him feel dirty inside to think it was not. \"Yes. One of mine.\" That was more of a relief than he wanted to let on. He was about to slide into comforting sleep when he was shaken awake by Cross – not hard, but enough to make his head start swimming again. \"Don't sleep, Wesley. I'm going to put you into recovery.\" Wesley mumbled something into the pillow. \"What?\" He raised his head slightly. \"Where are we?\" \"My apartment.\" He heard Cross shift closer to him. \"Why…?\" He cracked open his eyes when he heard the floor creak, and saw Cross kneel next to him and put his fingers to Wesley's forehead again. He said, \"It's the only way you'll believe me.\" Wesley sighed as Cross turned him around. He blinked his eyes open and saw the man looking over his wound again. \"I think… I already do.\" He smiled weakly at the man. Perhaps it was the blood loss, or maybe the possible concussion, but it was true. Who else but his real father would go to this much trouble? Cross looked surprised, then gave him a tentative smile in return. He touched Wesley's face again, now looking just a bit disbelieving. \"I didn't think we would get this far.\" \"What?\" \"You, here, safe.\" Wesley tried to get up and ended up flopping back into the mattress. He saw Cross reach instinctively for him. \"Maybe… maybe not that safe…\" said Wesley sheepishly. \"Well, as safe as possible.\" Cross got up. \"And there's still so much to tell you.\" Wesley nodded, lifting himself up. He still felt sick and confused and in a lot of pain, but the prospect of so many new changes and information somehow didn't seem all that frightening, not with his father around. \"I'm ready.\" FIN[Chapter 2] Well, I got a couple people asking for a sequel. This... wouldn't be considered a sequel, more of another alternate situation, but it's the only one I really like. (I did write some more - I wrote a lot, actually - but I didn't think any of it was good enough to put up.) So yeah, have some more of the same! IT'S THE LITTLE THINGS (Chapter 2) Wesley sat on the couch and grinned. Fox's kiss – her insanely awesome, fiery, blow-all-others-out-of-the-water kiss – could still be tasted on his lips. He was completely aware that it was to shut his old girlfriend up - he might have taken a level in badass since joining the Fraternity, but he wasn't going to kid himself into thinking he was anywhere near Fox's level. But God had it been good. He took a deep breath, trying and failing to wipe the cheeky smile from his face. He had finished his training, his father's (wet and probably unusable) gun was stuffed away in his jacket, and he had just made out with the sexiest woman he had ever seen. Yeah, okay, he was sitting on a moldy couch in the middle of a darkened alley that was crawling with rats, but for once, life was good. But as Wesley had learned over the years, fate liked to take his best moments and shove it up its ass. He watched the rats for a moment longer, something niggling in his head. One of them skittered away from him, drawing his gaze up, but he was still so blanked out on Fox's kiss that he didn't quite take in the sight ahead of it. Then he re-focused and recognized the figure standing behind a broken-down car. Cross. \"Shit!\" He sprang off the couch and dropped under the cover of rusted car, catching a fleeting glimpse of his nemesis drawing his own gun. He risked a shot, the blast of the gun shattering the quiet night. Half a second later he heard Cross's gunshot – and saw, through his adrenaline haze, his bullet collide squarely with Cross's and bounce off one another. As the two bullets separated, he realized Cross had disappeared. Shit! He leaped to his feet and saw the man running across the street. Wesley swore again and ran, smashed into a car and skidded on top of its front, riding perhaps ten feet into the street – \" Asshole! \" he heard someone shout – and shot several times. He missed, he knew he had missed, had seen Cross jump and roll and sparks fly off the pavement. The car screeched to a stop and he slid off and heard a massive crunch as another car slammed into it, saw Cross dash into the train station across. He aimed again but the man had reached the stairs and ducked under an overhanging billboard. Wesley cursed yet again and sprinted across, shoving people out of the way. In contrast to the busy night streets outside, the train station was totally deserted. Wesley let loose a volley of bullets until his gun had emptied its magazine. Only then did he slow his run, knowing that neither he nor Cross could afford to make noise. On that thought, he slipped behind a column and tossed aside his empty gun. As he cocked the pistol, he thought it fitting that he bring down his father's murderer with his gun of the man he had murdered. Footsteps echoed in the hallway. Wesley took several quick breaths, felt himself slipping into his adrenaline mode, and felt his heartbeat quicken yet heard it slow to a heavy thump as he drowned in his haze – He heard Cross's step, one, two, three drawing ever closer. Now! And he dashed out, his heartbeat loud against his eardrums, gun aimed at – Nothing. As he glanced frantically around, at the pillars, the balconies above, the buildings nearby, he felt the mood slip away, unused, wasted. The sound of steps behind him made him spin around, gun up once more. \"Whoa!\" The man held up his hands. Wesley jerked back his gun just in time, heart racing for a different reason now. \"Russian. What are you doing here?\" He lowered his weapon. \"Fox, she called.\" He jerked his thumb over his shoulder. In the distance, Wesley could see the Repairman and the Gunsmith trotting over. Backup. Great. He sighed. \"Ah. Well, um... tell her thanks.\" The Russian nodded eagerly. His eyes flicked over Wesley's shoulder. \"You see Cross?\" \"Yeah. No. I don't know. He's gone by now.\" Wesley shook his head in frustration. He had been so close ... \"Ah. I go tell others.\" The Russian trotted off, stopping the Repairman and the Gunsmith. Wesley watched the three for a few moments, the Gunsmith and Repairman's stoic calm an odd contrast to the Russian's twitchy movements. He turned away, balling his hands. His disappointment was growing. If only he had aimed just a bit better, had been a few feet closer, he could have avenged his father's death on his own - no backup needed, no piece of cloth telling him what to do. As helpful as the Fraternity and Fox had been, he didn't need them around 24/7. And they would not be next time. It would just be him and Cross, facing each other down. The sound of a gunshot behind him made him whirl around. A bullet whizzed by him, circled, heading straight for the Fraternity members many feet ahead of him. He turned, shouted something, he would never know what, saw the Repairman fall – He turned around and ran down the building, not seeing Cross but knowing he was there, knowing that he was the one who had made the shot. He could hear yelling behind him but could not pick out individual voices – Another crack of a gunshot and he dived, slamming into the ground and splashing into a puddle, wetness soaking his sweater – and behind him heard another yell, the sound of someone falling. Instinctively, frantically, he turned and saw, in the distance, two shapes on the ground, not moving – and the Russian, running towards him – A shot, and as Wesley ran down the final curve of the building he saw Cross, half crouching, gun finishing its arc and a third bullet soaring out – He threw himself down again, then rolled, heard the bullet fly over his head – A small cry made him turn and see the Russian, clutching his leg, falling to the ground – Wesley shouted, \"No!\" He stood – A little gray cone was flying at him, and it seemed like all the weeks of training just left him and he was staring uncomprehendingly at it. There was a burst of pain at his arm. It shot up his shoulder and down his wrist, blinding him with its intensity. One wild, strange thought burst into consciousness – a bullet, that's what it was, a bullet, the Gunsmith was going to kill him for not knowing that – – and then he knew nothing. The sound of a train speeding by was the first thing he became aware of. The next was of light flashing against his eyelids in a steady pattern. Then it was of pain, dull but steadily invading his consciousness. Despite all this, it was a few more seconds before he realized that he was slumped against a chair, that he was dripping wet and soaking into the cushion, and that there was something warm wrapped around his body. He opened his eyes and looked around blearily. He was in a darkened room; across from him was a window, the blinds drawn down but not closed. Through it, he could see the train rolling by, throwing its reflection against the blinds and causing the blinking light pattern that had woken him up. Wesley himself was sitting in an armchair, and the warmth was that of a blanket draped around him and which he was currently soaking with water. Water... where had that come from? His tired brain pushed that thought aside for later. He blinked down at his arm, the source of the throbbing pain. It looked, to his blurred vision, like a small red hole oozing blood and pus. Moving his arm – which he did, ever so gently – sent a sharp pain up and down his arm and, worst of all, let him feel an odd, hard lump inside him, pushing against skin and muscle. The bullet – and hating the feeling of it, the foreignness of it in his arm, Wesley gritted his teeth and reached for the wound, preparing to pull it out. \"Wait.\" He jumped and almost dislodged the blanket at the unfamiliar voice. The pain in his arm increased and for a few seconds kept him from comprehending the man standing next to him, but the shock was no less – Cross . He shot up in his seat, fumbling in his pants (he had pants on?) for a gun, a weapon, anything. All he could think of was the Repairman and the Gunsmith falling before Cross's bullets; of Russian, bleeding and crying out – \"Wesley, stop.\" Wesley edged back as the man moved closer, though every movement had him gritting his teeth to hold back the pain. \"Get away-\" he hissed. \"Get the fuck away from me…\" Cross grabbed him by the shoulders and forced him back into the seat, pinning Wesley's arms down. Wesley struggled fiercely but could not free himself, and settled for glaring hatefully at the man. \"I'm not going to hurt you,\" said Cross. He kneeled down next to him. \"I need to take out the bullet.\" What? He followed Cross's gaze and saw his gunshot injury, now dripping blood on to his arm and the chair. What the fuck was going on? The man had shot him and now he wanted to help get it out? Cross lifted up his hands, watching Wesley warily for signs of struggle. \"Stay,\" he said. Wesley wanted to punch him. As Cross pulled out a pair of tweezers, Wesley prodded at his wound, gritting his teeth at the pain. \"This will hurt,\" warned Cross. Wesley rolled his eyes and turned away. Cross dug into the wound. Wesley cried out, grabbing onto the arms of the chair, trying to focus on something, the noise of the train passing by, the light dancing on the back of his eyelids. The pain was excruciating. He grabbed at the chair's arms so hard that he felt his knuckles and fingers go numb, and thought that surely Cross must be torturing him, slicing at his muscles and working at the nerves until the wound would grow infected and Wesley would be ill and helpless – Then it stopped. Or at least it dulled down to levels he could handle. Wesley released a breath he had not known he was holding, becoming aware of the sudden stillness now that the train was not shaking the foundations of the building. He opened his eyes and, through pain-hazed vision, saw Cross lean down and pick up what was presumably the bullet. Cross grabbed Wesley's arm, perhaps sensing that Wesley was about to put up a fight again. \"Wait. Let me bandage it,\" he said. Wesley nodded weakly, but as Cross rose, he saw the man's jacket open a little and a glimmer of metal catch his eye. He knew with sure instinct what it was: a gun. Cross turned back and Wesley quickly closed his eyes and leaned back against the chair, not moving, trying to hide his agitation, letting the pain fall to a dull ache. There seemed to be more blood spurting from the wound now; he could feel it dribbling down his arm and onto the blanket. The creak of the floorboards told him that Cross was near. He cracked open his eyes a bit and saw the man crouch near him once more. After a few moments he felt a light dabbing of the wound, then a stinging sensation. He managed to keep in his grunt of pain this time. Antibiotics, he assumed. He missed the Fraternity baths. But then he remembered that he was all wet himself, and that Cross was a former Fraternity member. The idea made him wonder, distracting him from the pain for a few moments. Cross had laid a cloth bandage over it and was taping it to his arm. Wesley gripped the seat, winding up his body in preparation. He would have only one shot at this; if he missed, Cross would likely kill him, though why he hadn't done so already – why he was, in fact, patching him up, why he had actually brought him back and helped him – puzzled Wesley. He put it out of his mind; he would find the answer to that soon enough. He heard Cross move, and opened his eyes. There was a white gauze bandage wrapped around his arm, though it was quickly being stained red. Even turning his head to look at it caused his arm to shift slightly, loosening the bandage. As he watched, a reddish-clear fluid escaped the wrapping and dribbled down his arm. Cross grabbed at his shoulder, holding him still. \"Don't move,\" he said. He wiped Wesley's arm with the blanket and pulled the bandage tighter. \"You need to be still if you want it to heal,\" he went on, releasing Wesley's arm. \"You should not use it. I will go and-\" Wesley moved. Taking advantage of Cross's distraction, he whipped his uninjured arm around and thrust his right hand into Cross's jacket. The man started to leap back but it was too late. Wesley felt the handle of the gun in Cross's coat pocket, wrapped his fingers around it and pulled it out as Cross managed to jerk away – Then Wesley was upright, toppling over his chair, blanket falling off him and the gun firmly in his hands and pointed at Cross. The older man stood slowly, and Wesley wondered why he wasn't staring at the gun, why he was staring at Wesley. Impassively, actually. It scared Wesley just a bit, made him wonder what trick the man used that kept him so calm. \"Wesley-\" \"Shut up,\" Wesley said, gripping the gun tighter. The pain in his newly bandaged arm was intensifying, making his head swim from the pain. Now, said the little voice in Wesley's head, do it now. Kill the man who murdered your father. But why was the man so calm? \"Wesley,\" Cross said again, and Wesley took back that last thought. He could hear urgency now. \"listen to me-\" \"Shut up,\" he said again. He could feel a growing wetness under the bandage but didn't dare to look at it. \"Just – shut up. Don't talk to me.\" \"You are hurting yourself,\" Cross said with even more desperation. \"Stop moving-\" \"I said shut up!\" Wesley shouted, jerking the gun. \"Don't talk to me! You do not get to talk to me, you lying piece of -\" A flash of light caught his eye. He turned instinctively, trying at the same time to keep Cross in his gaze. Sunlight had passed over the gilded frame of a photograph. He looked at it, glanced swiftly back at Cross, still standing at the opposite side of the room, then looked back at the photo. It looked like a school photo of a child, not more than six years old. Cross had a kid? Why should he care? It would just be all the more satisfying that he deprive Cross's possible child of a father. The same way Cross had deprived Wesley of a father. Karma, really. \"You can go look at it,\" said Cross from where he stood. He gestured to the picture, and Wesley realized he had let himself look puzzled. \"The photo.\" Wesley wiped his face clean of expression, trying to get back that cool, calm look everyone else in the Fraternity had perfected. Yet he looked back, feeling hesitation steal into his mind. No. He mentally shook his head. He was an assassin, a weapon of fate, and Cross's name had come up on the Loom. And Cross had killed his father. Then why was it so hard for him to pull the trigger? Maybe it was because Cross had no weapon, was just standing there. He couldn't just kill a defenseless man. Asshole, he berated himself. Cross had blindsided his own father on a rooftop, betrayed him. He probably had a weapon hidden somewhere in that jacket of his and was just waiting for Wesley to make one wrong move. And if Cross had caught Wesley's father off guard, then it was only right that Wesley do the same. But he didn't want to become like Cross. He couldn't even think properly anymore. His arm hurt so much, he didn't want to keep holding that gun up, keep looking at Cross, watching him calmly. From his place, Cross said quietly, \"Go ahead.\" A trick, Wesley said to himself. A fucking trick to get him to lower his guard, and then he would attack. He gritted his teeth. Well, he could definitely make sure that wouldn't happen. He squeezed the trigger - - and released. Not now. Later, after he got a good look at Cross's kid. he had a vague idea of waving the photo around and rubbing it in Cross's face before he got his revenge. He turned back to the man and waved at a corner. The movement made his arm and head ache once more. \"You – go – go over there. And stay – stay there.\" Cross moved over, lowering his hands, and watched as Wesley stumbled over to the drawer upon which the photos stood. When Wesley looked back over his shoulder at him, there seemed just the barest hint of anticipation. He grabbed the first photo, forcing back an uncontrollable shiver, the sudden premonition that everything was about to change. This kid sure looks familiar, was his first thought. It took him a very long time to reach – or maybe accept – the next though. It wasn't just any familiar-looking kid. It was himself. He grabbed the other photos, his head throbbing from more than just the bruise now. They were all of himself – one of adult him crossing his apartment window, another with Cathy, another again in front of the window, looking out into the distance. He turned around, wanting to yell and scream and tear the answers from Cross, but then he saw more photos, and heard the train rushing by the house once more. It sounded familiar – too familiar. He hurried to the window, forgetting Cross altogether now, pulled up the blinds, and felt a dull shock at what he saw across the tracks. It was his own apartment. There were no blinds or curtains hanging there – he had never been able to afford any – so he could see Annabelle leaping on the stupid IKEA table he had bought a few months back, a pile of groceries piled along the counters, his bed, his kitchen, his old home... His home. And Cross had been just across the tracks, had been right there and had never done a thing to him… He heard movement from Cross's corner and turned around, gun raised again. His voice shook. The shootings, the pain from his arm, and now the photos – it was too much. \"Who are you?\" He brandished the photos. Another wave of dizziness and he felt the frame slip slightly from his fingers. \"What – what the fuck is this?\" Cross didn't answer for a few seconds, but it was a few too much for him. \"Tell me!\" he shouted, jerking at the gun, aware that his hands were shaking. \"Wesley…\" Cross hesitated. \"I'm your father.\" Wesley shook his head, trying to un-hear those words, the surety behind Cross's voice. \"No. No, they told me you killed my father.\" He waved the gun again. \"You killed him!\" \"No.\" Cross moved forward. \"Everything they told you was a lie. You are my son.\" Wesley backed off and bumped against the table. He sagged against it, dropping the gun to the floor. In his state of numbness, all he was aware of was the water falling from his body onto the floor and the photos he now gripped with all his might. He had to be in some terrible drama, because that was the only thing that could explain the information being thrown at him. He set the photos down and gripped at his head. His father was alive, had been watching him not twenty feet away all this time. He had run from his father. He had tried to shoot his own father. What kind of a person was he? He started and looked up when he felt a blanket being draped around his body. Cross was at his side. He tucked it around Wesley's shoulders. Wesley jerked a bit but otherwise let Cross be. \"Thank you,\" he choked out. He couldn't look at the man yet, afraid of what he would see in his father's face. Hatred? Gloating? Shame? Cross acknowledged this by pressing the icepack harder. He tilted his head down to look at what Wesley was holding and picked up one of the photos. \"I took this from your backpack when you were six,\" he said, indicating the first photo Wesley had seen. \"You thought you lost it.\" He sounded just a little apologetic. Wesley scrubbed at his eyes, not understanding why he should sound so sorry. He didn't think he had a firm enough grip on his emotions to talk. There was a heaving pit of guilt in his stomach that was robbing his brain of words. He stared at the photo, at himself, but most of all at the way Cross held it, both familiar and tender, as if he had looked over it many times before. Cross took another, the one of Wesley contemplating the view outside. \"I liked this one. I always wondered what you were thinking then.\" He looked at Wesley. \"Do you remember?\" Wesley shook his head. He didn't even know what year that had been taken. Feeling more in control, he took the next photo from Cross's hands, the one of Cathy kissing him. A weak laugh escaped from him. \"This was back when she still liked me,\" he said. He put it aside and looked at Cross wonderingly. The man he had been intent on killing just a few moments ago, his real father, was leaning against the table just inches from him. Cross met his gaze but didn't speak. He let the photos clatter back on the table. \"Why…\" he gulped back a breath. \"Why would… they send me to kill you?\" He didn't want to say 'the Fraternity', didn't want to think that the group that had given so much meaning to his life might have deliberately misled him. Cross glanced at him. \"Because you are the one person I would never kill.\" Wesley clenched his jaw, betrayal washing over him, wanting to deny it. He said, \"No – that's not true. You did want to kill me.\" He pushed himself off the table to face Cross. \"You did try and kill me! You fucking shot me!\" Pain ran over his arm as he moved, reminding him. \"You were shooting at me in the store, in – in the car, and – out there ! You were trying to fucking kill me!\" \"No.\" Cross stood up, but though he seemed calm Wesley thought he could feel the slightest hint of desperation. \" No . I was trying to rescue you.\" \" Rescue me?\" Wesley spat out, backing off even further. \"Rescue me… from what?\" \"From what used to be the Fraternity.\" He turned and took something from off the table and handed it to Wesley. It was a cloth, one Wesley recognized as coming from the Loom of Fate. \"Here,\" Cross said, gesturing to the table they had been leaning against. Propped up against the wall were a lamp and a large magnifying glass. Wesley put the cloth under and grabbed a nearby pen, scrawling out numbers on the glass table. But he had a feeling he already knew what was coming… \"Sloan,\" he breathed. \"Shit.\" Everything that had happened to him in the last six weeks was being turned over. Cross had not been attacking him; he had been protecting him. The chase from Wesley's apartment to the train station – had it really been Wesley chasing Cross down, or had Cross been trying to draw him out, away from the Fraternity members? Was that why he had waited until Fox left? And now Wesley remembered the first incident in the supermarket… Had Cross had not been stalking him to take him down? Had he simply been watching over him? There had been moments when Wesley had come close to the man – stumbling down the aisle, as he had run out the store – and Cross had moved towards him as if to attack… but it had not been an attack, had it? When he had been chasing him through traffic afterwards, he had driven up right beside Wesley, had the perfect opportunity to shoot him – but he had not. It had always been Fox he was aiming at… Cross swiped off the pen marks with his hand. \"He had taken over the Loom and started creating his own targets. When I found out, he turned everybody against me… and when I left, he went after you.\" Wesley gripped the edge of the table. This was more than finding out a long-lost relation. This was the loss of his entire purpose. He had coasted on the surface of life for so long that to find something he could put everything into, something that seemed almost destined for him – it had been exhilarating. He had finally been a part of something worthwhile, and not just a replaceable cog in the system, filing away billing reports. And now it had come crashing down. \"I never wanted you in the Fraternity,\" Cross said gently, and Wesley wondered if the man knew the internal conflict he was going through. \"I wanted you to have the life I could never have. A normal life.\" Wesley laughed bleakly. \"I did have that life, remember? I hated it. I was fucking worthless.\" \"No.\" Wesley would not have noticed that one word if not for the firmness of his Cross's voice. But before he could fully reflect on that, Cross had gone on: \"You had peace. You had a home, friends, family.\" \"Not every member of the family,\" Wesley mumbled to the floor. Cross paused. It took a moment before he said, \"I wanted you to be safe. I wanted you to live.\" Wesley looked up at him. \"That wasn't living. That was… fucking mindless drudgery.\" Cross made a movement as if he had made to grip Wesley's shoulder but had thought better of it. Instead, he asked \"Then what would you do? Be hunted down by the Fraternity?\" Wesley stopped, looked at his father. \"Not unless we take them down.\" Before Cross could get in a word, he said, \"That's what you've been doing, right? I saw those people you killed. Sloan said you were picking them off and they couldn't do anything about it.\" He sat up. \"I want to help. Let me help you.\" \"No. I wanted to take down Sloan alone. Not with you.\" \"So they're just going to keep trying to kill you and then as soon as you're out of the picture they'll come and kill me because you told me the truth!\" Wesley exclaimed. \"I don't want to hide, not when I can do all – all this! I don't want to run away!\" \"It's to keep you safe-\" \"Well I don't want to be kept away from you!\" He paused to gather his thoughts, trying not to notice just how intense Cross's gaze had become. He said, in a quieter voice, \"I mean… you're my father. I don't know anything about you, but I… I want to.\" That had felt good and bad – good to get those words out, bad because of how needy he must have sounded. \"I can't just let them hunt you and… not do anything about it.\" \"If you left,\" said Cross at last, \"they would not find you. I would not let them find you.\" Wesley sighed, trying to think. Finally, he said the only argument he had left. \"You said you wanted me to have a life. Don't you want one too?\" He could not quite add in the words he so badly wanted to say - with me? – but he thought the emotion might have come out anyway. Cross turned away, and for a long moment there was only silence between the two. Wesley tugged the blanket tighter around himself. With nothing else to do, he went to the toppled armchair and righted it, then collected the photos and put them back in their place. Then he heard Cross speak, very slowly. \"I will… think on it, Wesley.\" He moved towards the younger man and pushed aside the blanket to look at Wesley's wound. The entire bandage was soaked red, some of it seeping through on to the blanket, due to all the gun waving Wesley had put himself through. \"I have a bath prepared for you.\" \"I'm fine,\" Wesley said. Really, it was just a bit of pain anytime he moved. No big deal. \"You were shot at, knocked out, had a bullet removed from your arm, and have been moving the same arm far too much.\" \"Yeah… like I said, nothing.\" He gave a weak chuckle that turned into a sigh as Cross gave him a look and moved him to the bathroom anyway. Wow, when had he suddenly become such a kid? \"I know they're helpful and everything,\" Wesley muttered, \"but I really don't like the baths.\" Cross smiled just a bit. \"Neither do I.\" Wesley felt a grin come over his face. It was such a small thing, but to know that he shared something with this newfound father of his made him ache inside in a very good way. It was a start. Cross removed the blanket and watched him slide into the bath. Wesley drifted in it, feeling sleep overcome him. It had been a very long, very eventful night. \"Hey, Cross,\" he said as the man made to leave. He could not call him Dad or Father just yet, but it felt nice to say the man's name without any underlying hatred. \"You'll still be here when I'm done, right?\" He winced inwardly at the childishness of his words. But inside, he was still the little boy abandoned by his father and who needed just a bit of reassurance to get him through the day. Perhaps not abandoned, though. Perhaps left alone… but always watched over, until the time was right. Cross nodded, understanding. \"I will.\" As he closed the door, Wesley closed his eyes and smiled. ","Summary":" Ah, Wanted . I was rather obsessed with this movie for a few months. Even wrote a massive FanFictio"},{"Movie":"Wanted","Title":"Wanted: Tales of an Outlaw","Author":"ShiverMe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4481634","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Hello there! This is my first fan fiction that I'm putting up here. I've got a few originals on Fiction Press, but that's about it. For this story, I hope you all think that I've kept Wesley at least slightly in character 'cause I worked on that :o But anyway! I won't talk to much right now so I'll just let you read on now :) P.S. I am very sorry for all/any of the grammar mistakes! I try to re-read it over a few times but some mange to always get passed me. If there's anyone out there who'd like to read over the story to take for any grammar mistakes please tell me! I would really appreciate it! Thank you :D Disclaimer: I do not own Wanted and other related characters. I do, however, own this plot and the original character. Chapter One: Letter of the Past, Onto the Future -- It had been at least one month since Wesley had taken out Sloan and the Fraternity. One, very long month of absolutely nothing interesting coming up. His days were spent in his father's old hideout, glancing out the window every now and then and being paranoid that someone or some people were going to come after him. However, Wesley didn't let time let him waste away. Every moment he got he still managed to find an appropriate place, changing the spot every time, to train and make sure he didn't get sloppy. Wesley took in a large gasp for air as he emerged from the water in the bathtub. The hot water rolled down his body very slowly as the dim light in the room made him glow, just a little. He shook his head to rid his hair of the excess water before leaning back to just sit and relax there for a bit. He absently watched the steam rise from the hot water he was in, a small pout in his face. \"God, I'm so bored…\" Wesley said out loud to himself. He lowered his head just until it was right below his nose and started to blow bubbles into the water that popped and splashed in his face. He stared forward; looking straight out the window as the sun slowly began to set. He was about to say something until he noticed that he was still blowing bubbles into the water and immediately brought his head back out. \"I just did the coolest things in the world – ever – and now, I have nothing to do…\" Wesley went back to leaning against the edge of the deep tub he sat in and thought about the events that had happened to him about a whole month ago. A sad look appeared on his face as he remembered how Fox had helped and saved him only to allow the bullet to go through her head, just because she believed in the code that much when Sloan had said her name had come up. Wesley's eyes narrowed in anger when he remembered the lies he realized Sloan had told him. He was glad he had killed Sloan, pay back for making him chase after and kill his own father. \"Fucking bastard…\" Wesley mumbled angrily, staring up at the ceiling like he wanted to burn holes into it because he was that angry. He took in a couple deep breaths to calm himself down while the hot water helped in the calming department just a little. Suddenly, a loud knock was heard coming from downstairs. Wesley sat up straight in the tub, causing some water to splash out onto the bathroom floor. He unknowingly held his breath as he waited and concentrated on any other sounds coming from downstairs. Wesley started to take in slow, and long inhales of air as he quietly got out of the bathtub. He grabbed the pants near him on the counter and slipped them on quickly before walking out of the bathroom. Wesley took careful steps toward the stairs, having grabbed a gun just in case he might need it. He was mindful to avoid the spots on the steps he had come to recognize as spots that would cause a lot of noise as it creaked. He peered around the corner and quickly jumped off of the stairs, passed the remaining three, and pointed his gun around. Wesley grumbled quietly to himself when there was nothing there that he could shoot and then made his way to the front door. He rushed over to the window beside the door and took a peek outside while making sure that he couldn't be seen. When he saw no one there, Wesley reached for the doorknob and swung the door open. A few civilians passing by the door as he opened it jumped back slightly from the shock only to stare at him oddly for a while. Wesley smiled sheepishly, rubbing the back of his head, and waved at the people staring at him. \"Hi, hello… S – Sorry about that,\" he stammered nervously, still waving at the people as they started to walk away. Wesley kicked himself mentally and cursed quietly. He was just about to turn around when his feet touched something on the floor. Looking down, Wesley saw a large brown envelope with his name on his. He picked it up, looking on both its sides curiously and then looking around. He saw no one else walking by and no one suspiciously looking in his way so Wesley decided to bring it back inside and take a look at what it was. He closed the door firmly, remembering to lock all the locks – all six of them – before making his way back upstairs to his room. He shook his head for the second time in that hour to rid himself of the excess water as he sat down on the edge of his bed. He had thrown the gun over to the side and was now flipping the envelope back and forth like a child shaking their Christmas present in curiosity. Wesley started to tap his fingers gently against the envelope as he tried to decide whether or not he should open it. After not much thought, Wesley ripped the flap open and dropped the contents of the envelope on the spot beside him. A single brow rose, Wesley even more curious, when he saw an airplane ticket, a cheque for a whole lot of money, and a folded letter. He picked up the ticket that read \"To London, England, UK\" on a little sticky note attached to it and then picked up the cheque. Wesley's jaw dropped slightly and he almost jumped up in excitement when he read how much money was being given to him. \"Holy shit! Five million dollars! Oh fuck!\" A large smile appeared on Wesley's face and he started to hyperventilate in joy, but not so much that it would have made him lose air to his lungs. Wesley quickly put the ticket and the cheque to the side and then picked up the folded letter. He unfolded it with rushed hands and he tried to read the letter as quickly as he could. Hello Mister Wesley Gibson, I'm sure you might've been extremely bored out of your mind, thinking that there was nothing else to be done now that you've rid the world of the assassin's guild called the Fraternity. However, you are wrong on one part of that. You haven't rid the world of the Fraternity, not yet anyway. I have supplied you with a ticket to one of the other Fraternity bases and also with a sufficient about of money to spend on what you need for yourself. The reason why I have suddenly decided to tell you this is because you seem so hell bent on having something to do, and because you are the only person I know who would be able to do the job I am assigning you. The other base in England is much more organized, and far more stronger that the one you were used to. They have much more highly trained assassins, so you must never let your guard down or think you're better than they are. Ego and pride are never to be taken lightly. Though, my only advice to you is to not try and take the whole place out in one shot. Once there, someone will come to you. This person will help you with anything you need. I cannot tell you their name or what they look like, so I myself do not know. However, the way you will know it is them is when this person says the key words to you. \"Nothing more.\" I trust you will do well. Your father would be proud. Pekwarsky Wesley smiled, reading the last few lines of the letter a few more times before placing the letter beside him on the bed. He leaned back, using his palms to hold him up, and just sat there for a while as the water dried off with a few still rolling down his chest. \"I feel like such a fucking bastard,\" he said out loud, thinking about how he shot his own father. He knew that he was tricked and sort of brain washed into thinking that man wasn't his father, but the remaining piece of humanity left in him felt guilty. Speaking about humanity, Wesley suddenly started to grin when the memory of his \"best friend\" in front of him on his knees begging for his life. Repeatedly saying how sorry he was for sleeping with his girlfriend and still acting like he and Wesley were the best of buds. The smile grew as the memory of the gun being fired rang in his ears and the look of horror on Barry's face just before the bullet went through his head. \"Who's the man? I am,\" \"Amazing how I've lost all sense of moral value in such a sort time… Oh well,\" Wesley picked the envelope up again, re-reading it over for no apparent reason at all. He glanced outside the window, seeing the very little light remaining from the sun as it was almost completely past the horizon. He moved the items on the bed to the floor and then fell back against the sort of soft cushion. He placed his hand behind his hand and looked up at the ceiling, his head near the window. His other hand lay on his toned, flat stomach and only rose up whenever he inhaled. \"I guess I should go, I don't really have anything else to do to use as an excuse not to…\" Wesley rolled over to his side to peer over the side of the bed to stare at the plane ticket, the cheque, and the letter. He rolled onto his back and let out a deep sigh. Then, a grin started to appear on his face as he stared at the ceiling. He got up quickly and rushed to the closet in search of a suitcase or some sort of bag he could use to carry all of his things. At the top shelf he saw a dusty old bag that looked large enough to carry anything he might need. \"Wait a sec… how about my guns?\" Wesley rushed back to the envelope and looked inside to see if there was anything else in there. He smiled as he pulled out another letter and unfolded it quickly. I'm sure you would be wanting to take all those fancy guns and bullets of yours and are now wondering how to get them past security without getting noticed. Lucky for you, there's a way. Just go to any airport and as you are approaching the gates, always rub your left eye with your right hand using your fourth finger from the thumb. Because the Fraternity is an international organization, it needed its ways of getting around. Good luck Wesley. Wesley rubbed his left eye with his right hand using the fourth finger, or the ring finger, as practice to try and make it like second nature. After trying it out a few times Wesley went back to packing. He neatly placed all the clothes he thought he need, packing as much as he could since he didn't know how long he would be there for. He rushed into his father's old hideout room for all the weaponry and started to pick out what he wanted to take. The eager 24-year-old man made sure to bring his father's custom guns along with several knives. Once he was positive he was all right to go he grabbed the closest shirt to him and slipped it on before grabbing the ticket and the cheque. Wesley stuffed the two items into his leather jacket he had just put on and then threw on his bag before dashing out the door. Not forgetting to lock the door first though. However, what happened at the sidewalk was something he wished could've been less annoying. \"Wesley?\" came the voice of his old girlfriend from across the street. She looked at him with sad yet hopeful eyes before running across the street toward Wesley. She looked like she was going to hug him but stopped when she saw the odd look in Wesley's eyes. \"Hi Wesley,\" \"Cathy,\" Wesley just looked at her, absolutely no emotion on his face. \"Why don't you ever come by any more?\" Cathy asked him, obviously hinting at something else. \"What would my reason for coming by be, Cathy?\" \"I didn't mean to say those things I said last time Wesley, I –\" Wesley turned away from her immediately just as an empty taxi turned the corner. He waved his arm quickly, rushing to get out of the area. He looked back as the taxi started to drive and smiled at Cathy who looked so pissed she was about to scream in frustration in the middle of the street. \"Where to sir?\" asked the taxi driver. \"Closest airport,\" -- \"London, England! Shit, that was a long ride!\" Wesley stretched tired limbs just outside of the London airport. He glanced around as he stretched, eagerly searching for a free taxicab. He put his bag down on the ground beside him once he was finished stretching and went back to looking for a cab. \"Where have all these cabs gone to?\" he mumbled to himself out loud. Then, just at that moment, Wesley sensed that something was off and immediately pulled out his gun and fired just in time to deflect a bullet that was coming right at him. Wesley narrowed his eyes and concentrated so he could get a better view of the people in the distance. He could faintly hear the cries and screams of the civilians around him but he paid no attention to it as he tried to find who had shot that bullet. Another gun was fired from somewhere behind him and Wesley acted on time once again to deflect the oncoming bullet. He picked up his bag and made a run for it, toward any direction that came into his mind first just to get away from the gunfire. Unfortunately, several more bullets were fired at him and he only had four left in his gun, which left one bullet to hit him right at his side. \"Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Fuck, fuck, fuck!\" he shouted repeatedly. \"This isn't supposed to hurt that much!\" he shouted, remembering the training he had to endure to become tolerant to pain. Wesley fell of the ground, in the middle of the street, and cursed his luck as he tried to drag himself to the other side while reloading his gun. Many of the people who were once around him were now running and screaming, shoving themselves into other's cabs just to get away from the area. He tried as much as he could not to cry out in pain as the blood poured out from his side. \"Fuck!\" he shouted again. Just as he thought his life was over because of all the bullets flying at, another round of bullets came from somewhere near him to deflect the ones aimed for his head. Wesley looked up at see a young woman crouch down beside him and put an arm around his torso to pull him up. He stared wide-eyed from left to right as the barrage of bullets continued still, but thanked his luck that this stranger was now helping him. He'd ask her questions later. He followed the mysterious woman mostly because he didn't have much of a choice as she dragged him to a vehicle he assumed was hers. She placed him as gently as she could into the backseat, fired a few more bullets and rushed over to the driver's seat. Just as Wesley as about to sit up the woman floored it, causing the car to speed off and making Wesley feel like he was in the spin cycle from all the moving around. Wesley pressed onto the wound and ripped off a piece of his shirt to use as a cloth to try and slow or stop the bleeding. The woman had slowed down after some time and was now driving along side the London traffic. Wesley glanced up into the rearview mirror and was taken back in awe just slightly when he saw that the woman's eyes were silver in colour. However, he didn't really get a chance to comment when the car came to a sudden stop in front of a not-too-bad looking hotel. The mysterious woman got out form the car only to come back to the backseats. She quickly shut the door behind her and crawled over Wesley's body. Wesley looked at her oddly as he pressed against the wound at his side. \"Are you the person who's going to help me?\" The woman just smiled at him as she reached over to his wound. Wesley winced a bit when her soft fingers gently brushed against the wounded skin that became exposed when she moved his hand away. She frowned slightly when she saw black vein-like marks spreading out from the bullet wound. \"It's hurting you so much because it's poison,\" she explained calmly to him. \"What? Poison!\" Wesley started to panic and jolted into an upright position. \"Holy shit! Why the fuck would they use poison!?\" he shouted at the woman, like it was her fault for the poison being there. She leaned her another hand against Wesley's chest and began to make noises as if she were trying to sooth a child. \"Calm down; the faster your heart beats the faster the blood travels which means the poison will spread much faster,\" she leaned forward and gently caressed the side of Wesley's face as she helped him calmed down a notch. Wesley took in slow, deep breaths and could already feel his heart beat coming down to a normal pace. The silver-eyed woman bent down, moving anything that would block the wound far away and placed her warm lips around it. Wesley was about to jump up again when he remembered her words of being calm as the most important thing at the moment so he tried to keep as calm as he could. He bit his lip when he suddenly felt the woman sucking against the open wound. \"Oh – oh fuck,\" he whispered, turning his head slightly as the woman continued to suck at his wound. She stopped suddenly to spit out what she had sucked up to the side and then went back to what she was doing. Wesley began to realize what she was doing but still bit his lip to prevent any other words to come out form his mouth. He almost let out a low moan when the woman's tongue brushed against his skin and he almost frowned when she pulled away to spit the poison out again. She wiped her mouth from the blood and continued to spit just in case there was any remaining poison in her mouth. She forcibly closed Wesley's jacket so that the wound wouldn't be seen and pulled him up toward the door. She picked up Wesley's bag just before they exited the car. \"Make sure that wound doesn't get seen, I don't want any rumours popping about right now,\" she said to him as she dragged him toward the hotel. \"What about your –\" \"Don't worry, it's not my car – oh, and you call me Meyers around here,\" Wesley followed her through the hotel, noticing how 'Meyers' smiled and waved to the people inside. They kept on walking, even taking the stairs instead of the elevator, until they were at the top floor – much to Wesley's annoyance – and walked into what looked to be the penthouse. Wesley didn't have much time to appreciate the wonderful décor for 'Meyers' had dragged him into the bathroom and practically threw him into the tub. \"Hey!\" Wesley said suddenly, making 'Meyers' stop what she was doing to stare and listen to him. \"Are you the person who's going to help me?\" \"All I am going to do is help you and nothing more,\" Meyers replied before turning on the tap to fill the tub with hot water. \"So that's what the 'nothing more' means,\" Wesley mumbled to himself. \"Who are you?\" 'Meyers' started to pour that oh-so famous liquid that would accelerate the healing process into the tub. She looked up and smiled at Wesley. \"Clothes, off,\" she ordered just as she finished pouring in the substance. She turned around when Wesley started to peel of his clothes and walked to the bathroom counter. \"Around here people know my name as Katherine Sybil Meyers, but I'm always called Meyers and I prefer it that way - the codename I had received is Nike for victory - like you, I was once in the Fraternity but left it,\" Katherine turned around just in time to catch the clothes Wesley had thrown at her, watching him smirk as he settled into the tub into a more comfortable position. \"There are a few who have left the Fraternity, but most were in secret,\" \"So how come they're not coming after you then?\" Wesley laid back and let the substance harden at the surface. He made sure to have his ears out of the water so she could still hear what Katherine was saying. \"I had to take a vow that I wouldn't bother them and to never pick up a gun ever again. Unfortunately for that little incident earlier, I had no other choice so now I'm sure there's no doubt that they're going to come after me,\" Katherine tossed Wesley's bloodied shirt into the garbage can and folded his pants neatly before leaving the room. \"So, uhm, I can tell by your accent that you're from around here,\" Wesley shouted to her, as parts of the surface were already becoming a solid. \"Sleep now Wesley, rest up,\" Katherine whispered to him from the door, smiling as Wesley complied and let his eyes slowly close. \"You'll need it,\" End Chatper[Chapter 2] Author's Note: Hey guys! I'm really sorry that it took me so long to update this story! I've just been a bit busy with a few others things and yada yada yada. I'm also sorry that this chapter is a little short... Hopefully it's a good one and you guys like it. I would really like some of your opinions or ideas, feedback is a really good thing. But, enough of my babbling. I'm going to let you read this brand new chapter now. But, just one last thing. Just the last time here. I'm sorry, really sorry! And now, here is chapter two. Enjoy! Disclaimer: I do not own Wanted or any of the Wanted characters and other things. I wish I owned the Wesley Gibson and the man who played him... Oh, wouldn't that be nice? Chapter Two: The Bitter, And Unsettling, Truth \"Wesley, wake up!\" Wesley was shaken back to the world a tad too roughly by Katherine strong hand on his shoulder. She glared at him, staring straight into his eyes, for a second or two before stomping away to a low table. Wesley let his eyes travel downward and saw that he was in bed with a thin blue silken sheet over him. He took a small peek beneath the covers and noticed that he had a pair of black pants on but no shirt. He looked up at Katherine with a quizzical glance. \"Get out of bed, now,\" Katherine said to him with a commanding voice. \"Did you…\" Wesley couldn't even bring himself to finish his own sentence. \"Yes, I clothed. What? Embarrassed I saw something and judged?\" she asked with a sly grin on her face. Wesley scoffed almost immediately and hopped out of bed. \"No, I just usually wait until the third date, but hey! I'm not complaining,\" he said as he walked over to the low table beside Katherine. \"So, what was with the rude awakening?\" Katherine slammed her hand, open palm, against the table. A few sheets of paper and a couple of books bounced from the force and caught Wesley's attention right away. \"I thought you should more a bit more about what you're getting into. Since you obviously seem like you want to rid the world of every trace of The Fraternity then you should know how many bases there are,\" Katherine said, all in one breath. \"How many are there?\" Wesley asked with a shaken voice. He didn't know whether or not he wanted to know but he knew he had to if he was going to go through with his initial plan. \"In the letter I got it didn't seem like there would be that many.\" \"Well, there is a base in every major country, city is not an importance,\" Katherine started. She reached over and pulled a few sheets of paper and spread them out on the table so that Wesley could see them all at once. \"The basic structures of the buildings are the same, just so that if there is a visiting member there wouldn't be need for a guide.\" Wesley looked down at the maps and nodded his head. They all looked familiar to the map he looked over for the base in America and took a mental note that he wouldn't be getting lost in there if he decided to get inside. \"What countries?\" he asked. Katherine reached for the slimmest looking of the books on the table and opened it to a certain page before placing it down. \"The base in London, England - where we are now - is the only one in all of Europe that's open and functioning since the continent is small and it's easy to travel here,\" she said. She brought Wesley's attention to the open book, her finger pointing to the list on the pages she opened to. \"The base here is the best of them all, and the one in America was third.\" Wesley let his eyes roam over the list on the page and read each country carefully. There was Japan, China, Australia, Egypt, Canada, Russia, and many more. He couldn't believe that there could be that many bases out there but right now his gut feeling was telling him to trust every word Katherine was telling him. \"Who's the second best?\" he asked her. \"Japan,\" Katherine answered quickly. \"Only because their technology is very advanced and the European base insists on keeping the old traditions.\" \"If I don't want to call you Meyers can I call you Katherine or do you want me to call you Kathy?\" Wesley asked suddenly, turning to Katherine with a sheepish smile. Katherine raised a single brow in confusion. \"Not Kathy, please.\" \"Good, because I my ex-girlfriend's name is Cathy,\" Wesley said. Katherine sighed and rolled her eyes before looking down at the diagrams of the buildings on the table. \"If you don't want to call me Meyers then just call me Sybil since Katherine would remind you of your ex-girlfriend.\" \"No, she was a bitch anyway,\" Wesley added. \"Exactly, so you won't be reminded of your bitch girlfriend,\" Katherine grabbed what Wesley thought to be a book but was really a file holder that was made to look like a book. \"Here's what you'll be up against,\" she said to him. Wesley looked at Katherine with a strange glare, \"You kept files on them?\" \"Of course, it's a given. Everyone has a file so we know who's who if one was to visit another base. Though the American base loved to keep to themselves. No was allowed in or out,\" Katherine said. \"Uh huh,\" Wesley nodded his head, pretending he fully understood what all that really meant and decided to take a look at the files she laid out on the table. Katherine had only placed four photographs and their matching files but there was obviously more in the file holder. Wesley came to the conclusion that these four were the main men he needn't to watch out for. \"So, what about these guys?\" Katherine pointed to the photograph of a man closest to Wesley. Wesley looked down at the picture and saw the face that looked so angelic that he couldn't believe he was part of some secret assassins' fraternity. The young man had bright baby blues and short golden locks of hair. He had on a small grin that held mischief but one couldn't help but feel horrible about themselves by just staring at his child-like, angel face. \"Who's this?\" Wesley asked, not even bothering to look at the profile description as he was lured in by the young man's innocent face. \"His name is Eli Sinclair, the youngest of the four I'm showing you,\" Katherine responded. She glanced up at Wesley and noticed that he seemed to be entranced by Eli's face. \"Eli's the trickiest of the four because of his face. A face that anyone would do anything for regardless of gender or sexual orientation, you just can't deny that angel-like face of his.\" Wesley shook his head roughly and averted his eyes to the photograph to the left. \"Okay then, note to self: don't look at Eli's face for too long.\" Katherine let her eyes follow Wesley's onto the next person of interest. This photograph was of a man who looked to be in his mid-thirties and holding a grudge. He had combed back black hair with eyes almost just as dark. A single, thin line of a scar on his face started near his jaw and stopped just before it reached his right ear. \"This man is Alec Hawkins, the brute of the four. He's big, he's mean, and he hates everyone except for the boss,\" she explained. \"Anything I should know about him?\" Wesley asked. \"Don't get too close to him. Unlike regular assassins who like to use large distances to their advantages, Alec prefers it to be up close and personal; he's a very hands on kind of guy,\" Katherine said. She pointed to the third photograph and file that was placed above Eli's. \"This guy here, however, can hit you even if you're on the other side of the country.\" Wesley brought his eyes over to the photo Katherine was pointing and nodded his head, urging her to continue. This man had long red hair that was pulled back and tied in a low ponytail. His eyes were a mixture of emerald and hazel and held a very noticeable frown on his face. Wesley decided to glance over at the man's name except what he found confused him slightly. \"Archer?\" he read out loud. \"Yeah, Archer. When he came to us he had no past, didn't know his name, and there was nothing - in any database - that could identify him. He's a ghost, but we call him Archer and it's pretty clear why,\" Katherine explained to Wesley. \"He doesn't even have any fingerprints because his fingertips are so calloused that they just… rubbed off.\" Wesley stepped away from the table and threw his hands up, placing them behind his head, and sighing in frustration. \"Holy shit! This is just way too much! I can't stare at Eli, I have to stay far away from Alec, but I have to stay close to Archer?\" he said with an annoyed tone in his voice. \"Yes! Close to Archer because he's horrible when it's close up; he's a really weak man,\" Katherine said as she turned around to face Wesley. She had her hand placed on the table and leaned into it as she watched Wesley begin to pace back and forth. \"Hey, you asked for this Wesley.\" \"Why couldn't I have started at the weakest base?\" Wesley whined. \"Because that would prove nothing to The Fraternity,\" Katherine pushed away from the table and took a step closer to Wesley. \"So what if take down the weakest base? It's the weakest base! It you take down, at least the top five then the other bases might get the hint.\" Wesley stopped his pacing and turned to look Katherine in the eyes. He frowned and knitted his brows together in frustration as he stared at her. \"Oh yeah, five! I'm just one guy! I can't do this! That's just way too fucking much Sybil!\" \"I'm sure you'll acquire help along the way, Wesley,\" Katherine said, trying to ease Wesley's frustration. Wesley turned puppy dog-like eyes to Katherine. \"Will you be there?\" he asked. \"Let's just see how this goes, Wesley,\" said Katherine. -- Eli sat alone on a park bench with a red apple being tossed into the air by his left hand. His baby blues scanned the area around him every now and then, checking to make sure that the area was secure. He wore a dark blue trench coat and had it opened as he sat, lazy-style on the bench. A young brunette walking on the path that would pass him was approaching and he couldn't help but send a wink her way. The young girl giggled as she passed him and Eli responded by giving her a wide smile. \"Where is this doofus?\" Eli muttered out loud, marring his face with a frown. \"I've been waiting for almost an hour!\" \"Some times I think your good looks make you a spoiled brat,\" said a voice that came from behind Eli. Eli turned his head and smiled innocently at the man standing behind him. \"Alec fucking Hawkins,\" he said with a smile still on his face, \"You're fucking late.\" \"Well I'm here now, aren't I?\" Alec came around the bench and sat down beside Eli. Just as Eli tossed the apple he had into the air Alec grabbed onto it and took a large bite. \"I'll pretend you didn't do and ask you what the boss said,\" Eli straightened himself up and was now sitting with his leg crossed over and his arms crossed over his chest. Alec took another bite of the apple and waited to speak when he had swallowed his food. \"His said he wants her blood,\" Alec said before taking another bite from the apple, again. \"Wants her blood as in make her bleed ?\" Eli said in disbelief. \"You think that's a good idea? It would be such a waste!\" \"I just do what boss wants and what he wants is her blood,\" Alec replied. \"She asked for this.\" \"What about the kid that she was spotted with? Rumour has it that the kid's Wesley Gibson, the one who took down the American base,\" Eli's muscled tensed and he tried to relax by leaning more into the bench. A frown was back on his face and he didn't look as angelic as he would with a smile. Alec nodded his large head. \"Yup, that was Wesley Gibson. The boss confirmed it.\" Eli brought his right hand up to his hair and let his fingers comb through it as he sighed dejectedly. \"Wesley Gibson, a man on a mission.\" -- Wesley, after a few more words of convincing, finally returned to the table to look over the files that Katherine had laid out. He looked over the three people he was told about first: Eli Sinclair, Alec Hawkins, and Archer. Katherine was standing beside him and waiting for him to tell her to continue. After a few more moments Wesley finally let his eyes trail over to the last photograph. It was a young man with short black hair and dark blue eyes, much darker than Eli's baby blues. His face looked calmed but looked to be holding a secret. \"What's the deal with this one?\" Wesley asked. \"This is Mackenzie Ericson, the leader of the base here,\" Katherine answered. Her words came out quickly and her lips were tight. Wesley turned to look at Katherine and noticed that she had clenched her hand into a tight fist. He looked back to the photo and quietly wondered why Katherine suddenly became so tense. \"Anything important I need to know about this one?\" he asked her. \"Mackenzie is fast, super fast. I mean, he just doesn't run fast but he also has quick reflexes and has an eager trigger finger,\" Katherine said as she started intensely at the photo. \"He also considers himself a man of science and has conducted a few experiments on some of the members.\" Katherine turned away from Mackenzie's photo and pointed to Eli's. \"Mackenzie conducted an experiment on Eli and now Eli has the gift of persuasion on his side. He doesn't need to stain his hands with blood. All he needs to do is tell you and you will kill yourself. All of Eli's kills are supposed suicides,\" she explained. Katherine then pointed to Alec's photo and glanced up to Wesley to make sure he was following. \"Mackenzie gave Alec the gift of strength. Alec can punch through a stone wall but can't punch through one made of steel or metal, so he's not that strong,\" she said. \"But if he does manage to grab onto your head, he will crush it.\" The silver-eyed woman then moved onto the photo of Archer. However, before she could speak Wesley spoke for her. \"Let me guess,\" Wesley started, \"Archer has 'god-like' eyesight.\" \"Exactly,\" Katherine responded with a small grin. \"And what about you? What did he do to you? You know that this is really fucked up shit, right? Experiments? Gifts ? It's really fucked up,\" Wesley looked away from the photos and turned to face Katherine. He stared at her intently, waiting for her reply. He watched as she looked like she was becoming uncomfortable and his curiosity increased. \"Well? Normally, I would be freaking out right about now with all the crazy shit you've told me but hey… Who gives a fuck?\" \"I heal,\" Katherine told him, her eyes looking anywhere but at Wesley. \"You heal ? Okay?\" Wesley said in confusion. \"Care to elaborate?\" \"My blood, my tears, and even my saliva can heal injuries much faster than anything possible. Even faster than that weird mixture The Fraternity is keen on using for baths,\" Katherine explained. Wesley's eyes narrowed as he remembered the moment where he and Katherine were in the back seat of that car. He could remember how she had gotten rid of the poison and only now realized how strange it was that the pain went away almost instantly. Questions began to pop up in his mind so much and then he suddenly thought of Fox. \"Sybil, how much blood is needed to heal a bullet wound?\" he asked her. Katherine stared at Wesley with a suspicious glare but decided to look into it later. \"For a bullet wound only a single drop of my blood directly on the wound would heal it in sixty minutes,\" she answered. \"How about if they've been shot multiple times and it looks like they might not make it?\" Wesley asked, his voice sounding more eager and excited. \"Then that person would need to have forty-five mililitres of my blood injected into them if they want to heal in about two hours,\" Katherine replied. She was beginning to become more suspicious of where Wesley's thoughts were going to lead him. \"What are you getting at Wesley?\" she asked him. \"How much of your blood would be needed to heal a dead person?\" he asked in one quick breath. Katherine gasped at the question and took a step away from Wesley. Her jaw dropped and his question rang loudly in her mind as she stared at him in disbelief. \"I can't bring a dead person back to life Wesley! It's impossible!\" \"How do you know? Have you ever tried?\" Wesley half shouted, sounding a little excited. \"No, I haven't but…\" \"See! You don't know until you try!\" Wesley shouted, cutting Katherine's sentence short. \"Think about it!\" \"How you thought about it?\" Katherine shouted back at Wesley in anger. \"Do you know how much of my blood would be needed for such a thing? It would all depend on how long they've been dead for because of all the decay and rotting and… I can't Wesley! I can't do that! I'm just here, right now, to help you !\" \"And you'll be helping me a whole lot by bringing her back to life!\" Wesley pleaded. Katherine stared blankly at Wesley as soon as he mentioned the word 'her'. \"Bring her back to life?\" she asked, though it was more rhetorical than anything else. \"Wesley, I'm not going to risk death just to fulfill some selfish desire of yours.\" \"It's not a selfish desire!\" Wesley shouted in defense of himself, and in defense of Fox. \"No Wesley! I will do anything that you ask of me to help you but don't ask me to bring the dead back to life. That is something that is out of my hands,\" Katherine spat out in a bitter tone of voice. She glared angrily at Wesley for a moment or two before turning away from him and stomping out the door. -- \"I trust you've located them,\" \"Yeah, but… There's one little problem,\" \"Which is?\" \"I can't see through walls and she picked a spot where there are many, many buildings in my way,\" Mackenzie slammed his fist against the armrest of the large chair he sat in. The armrest cracked just a fraction but other than that it seemed to be just fine. \"Stupid little bitch!\" he shouted. Archer tried to stay clam but he feared nothing but Mackenzie Ericson. He kept his arms at either side and made sure not to make direct eye contact with his boss. Right now, he just wished that Eli and Alec were in the room with him… for moral support or backup. \"Have you told Alec and Eli where they are?\" Mackenzie asked in a harsh tone, causing Archer to flinch just a little. \"No, I haven't Mackenzie,\" Archer replied. \"And why haven't you?\" Mackenzie growled out. He stood up to his feet and walked toward Archer until Archer was just out of arms' reach. Archer gulped loudly. \"I'll - I'll get right on that but… She'll know someone is coming so she will have something up her sleeve.\" \"And that's why we're going to be moving quickly, Archer.\" Mackenzie walked up to Archer and placed an arm around the other man's shoulders. He then began to walk and guided the red headed man toward the large windows to the left side of the book filled room. \"What about Wesley Gibson?\" Archer asked, curious. \"He won't become a problem if we get rid of him before Katherine can tell him any secrets of ours, understand? But when you do get to Katherine drain her, completely…\" End Chapter ","Summary":" A/N: Hello there! This is my first fan fiction that I'm putting up here. I've got a few originals o"},{"Movie":"Wanted","Title":"Wanted: Weapons of Truth","Author":"hedgeHOGtitan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6560635","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1- How it Began His name is Wesley Gibson, before he became a part of the Fraternity he was a cube-dwelling hypochondriac with a boss who humiliated him and a girlfriend that was sleeping with his best friend. His life was meaningless. Then, when he was buying his medication for my panic attacks, this woman appears next to him tells him that his father, the jerk who left him when he was eighteen weeks old, was one of the best assassins who ever lived had been killed and the guy who killed him was right behind him. Suddenly he get tossed into a gun fight. Next thing he knows, he's in a dodge viper racing down Chicago with bullets sizzling everywhere. The vehicle flips onto a bus and he gets knocked out. He wakes up to the buzzing of fly's and a guy comes to him and tells him about the Fraternity. He returns to his work and gets really annoyed and yells at his boss as well as smacking the keyboard off his friend. He then goes back to the Fraternity and trains to be an assassin. After weeks of getting punched in the face, learning to curving bullets and hand to hand combat he is given targets to execute. After having a confrontation with his dads killer, Wesley learns that the Fraternity has been lying to him and he finds out that he just killed his own father. With anger fuelling him he devisees a plan to storm the Fraternity, using rats and explosives. Killing almost every person in the place Wesley is ambushed with no way out. He tells the assassins that Sloan, their 'leader' as it were, had been lying to them. Sloan tells them to either shoot Wesley or them selves. They all chose to shoot Wesley, apart from Fox curved a bullet round the room killing everyone including her self. With Sloan gone Wesley returns to his father hide out, with no money, no job nothing. He gets his job back and Sloan finds him. Just as he squeezes the trigger Wesley turns round and to Sloan's amazement it wasn't Wesley. It was just a decoy. Sloan falls to floor with a big hole through his fore head. The bullets had come from over two cites away. A shoot by Wesley Gibson.[Chapter 2] Chapter 1- The Start of a New Beginning As Wesley Gibson stood up from his chair after a successful kill, he went into his fathers hidden room, filled with guns and knives. On the closest desk there was a custom .45 caliber SAFARI MATCHMASTER semi automatic weapon. It was bathed in a soft red cloth. It was Fox's gun, which she threw to him just before she died. He would occasionally pick the gun up and stare at the engraving on it. It had two golden plates on the grip with an engraving of a leaf on each. The hammer* of the gun was curved so that the user had a firm grip of the gun. It had a long Barrel, which also had engravings. It had the logo of the SAFARI ARMS lion imprinted on it. It also had an extended magazine. Wesley walked past the gun and sat at another desk where there was a picture of his father. There was also a Koch USP Compact 9mm which was Wesley's first gun to curve a bullet with. It was also used for his first two kills. As he sits down his feet bumps against a large box hidden underneath the desk. \"What the hell,\" he said with a confused tone. He bent down a grabbed the box. It was heavy. On the top of it, it was marked TOP SECRET. Wesley opened it up to find hundreds of documents. All of which had the same writing. Fraternity was used on every document along with a place. Then Wesley realised that it wasn't just places, it was countries. Britain, Spain, Russia, China, Japan and many more. Wesley found another piece saying Chicago, which was strange, because that was just a state. He opened it up to find a picture of Sloan, the precious 'leader' of the Fraternity, who Wesley just assassinated moments ago. With the picture there was a document with all the information on him. Beneath that was a picture of Fox, along with a document about her. Wesley then realised that this was a whole box full of Fraternities through out the globe, along with there Assassins. \"Oh god.\" \"Amazing, isn't it.\" Wesley turned round in a flash, grabbing the Koch as he did to see Pekwarsky, the man who had helped Wesley's dad before he died. He walked further into the room. Wesley lowered his guns. Pekwarsky picked up the document with the words, 'China's Fraternity.' \"It took your father years to find this one.\" Wesley just stared at all the documents noticing something at the bottom of the box. It was a hidden cover. He lifted it off. Pekwarsky walked over where Fox's guns and stared at the beautiful carvings on it. As Wesley opened the cover a found a small box. He lifted it from the bottom and placed on the desk very gently. He opened it up to see two .50 Action Express Golden Desert Eagles. Wesley lost his breath. \"Your father wanted you to use these when you were old enough. He wanted you to go after the rest of the Fraternities, and stop their lies\" said Pekwarsky. Wesley just kept staring at the two guns. Unable to take look away. Then something broke his vision and he looked at Pekwarsky. \"The rest of the Fraternities?\" he asked with astonishment. \"After your father found out about the Fraternities secret and left, he found out that there was more than just one Fraternity. He spent years trying to discover each and everyone.\" Wesley brain was going crazy. He thought about all the Fraternities around the world and how hard it would be to destroy them all. Then he realised that he had the information he needed. \"Wesley, this is your destiny, this is what your father wanted you to do. He knew you would make him proud.\" Wesley looked at him and then saw him bring out a credit card. He gave it to Wesley. He looked up in wonder. \"After your father he kind of took a few things with him.\" he smiled as he said this. So did Wesley. After they stopped laughing Wesley started to hear a noise. It was a humming, getting louder and louder. He ran into the main room and looked out the window to see a helicopter. A Cobra, fitted with a machine gun and four missiles on both sides, about two miles away from his house. He also spotted five armoured vehicles, probably holding about six men in each, in the distance. Closing in, fast. Wesley grabbed hold of the rifle that he used to assassinate Sloan, and pointed it at the armoured cars coming. He aimed for the first cars front tire, and pulled the trigger. Within an instant the tire ripped apart and the whole car flipped out of control doing dozens of barrel rolls as it did. \"That should slow them down for a while.\" Wesley ran back into the hidden room where Pekwarsky was packing the documents into the box. He also put in the two Desert Eagles. Wesley ran over to the box with Fox's weapon. Closed it and gave it to Pekwarsky. \"Down here\" Wesley said as he pulled back some floor boards leading to a secret passage way. \"This will take you to the train station. Now go.\" He flipped back the boards and grabbed two bags and filled them with as many weapons as he could. He put his Koch in his back pocket. He also packed knives and daggers. In the room was there was also assault rifles, along with a .50 caliber Barrett. He stuffed them into the bags and strapped a G36c round his back and placed two Beretta Cougar 8000's in his chest pollsters. Suddenly hundreds of bullets came barging through the walls. Wesley fell to the ground. Trying to grab the bags, the bullets came closer and cut him off. Wesley got up and ran threw the room grabbing a few grenades as he did. He burst out the window just into to see the armoured vehicles appear in front of him. As he looked down at the scene a noticed that the helicopter had gone from site. Wesley had to think fast. He looked up and saw the suspended train tracks. But they were to high to reach. The men from the vehicles got out and started to open fire on Wesley. He flung a few grenades to the centre vehicle and then pulled out his to Beretta's and fired two bullets, curving them directly into the grenades just before they hit the ground, so they wouldn't have the chance to throw them back. The middle vehicle exploded. Wesley turned round instantly broke into a sprint. He ran up the wall and then jumped off it, in the direction of the suspended train tracks. Arms out he grabbed hold of the edge, and just managed to pull himself up before they started firing again. He then heard the helicopter return, the Cobra was back. Trying to think, he saw the helicopter fire two missiles straight at the tracks. Wesley jumped off in a dive ad started curving bullets into the heads of the men. He then fired a bullet to cut off one a the men's bullets, blocking its path. When he landed he pulled round the G36c. The Cobra fired more missiles at him only to be shot down by his G36c. It then started firing its machine gun but Wesley dived behind a corner before it could reach. Wesley noticed the river was close. He started to sprint as fast as he could. The Cobra followed him, always firing bullets. Wesley came to the river and jumped. He turned round and threw the remaining grenades at the helicopter. He then pulled out his Koch and curved a bullet into the grenade just as it hit the windscreen of the Cobra. It exploded in mid air just as Wesley hit the water. Pieces flew everywhere. As he got swept further down stream a heard the sound of police sirens and ambulances. Wesley got out the river and walked to the train station where met Pekwarsky. He stole a car a Pekwarsky drove. They them came to a place on the edge of the city. A small factory that had been run down for years. They entered to see about three computers, more weapons than you could count. And a man sitting at one of the computers. \"This is David. He's our wingman.\" \"What's up\" he said \"Hi\" replied Wesley. Pekwarsky looked at him. \"Wesley, are you ready to destroy the Fraternity?\" he asked. \"Ready.\" Wanted: Weapons of Fate Nathan Hazlewood ","Summary":" Chapter 1- How it Began His name is Wesley Gibson, before he became a part of the Fraternity he was"},{"Movie":"Hook","Title":"Hook and the Modern Children","Author":"Alibi Nonsense","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13251182","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Lesson one,\" said Hook, pacing and trailing his hook across Jack and Maggie's impromptu school desks. \"Why parents hate their children.\" His eyes slid over to Maggie, who was looking bored out of her mind, and Jack, who was fiddling with some moving-picture gadget in his hands Hook hadn't ever seen before. It annoyed him nevertheless. \"Anyone?\" \"The great existential pit of despair and dragging obligations associated with childhood?\" said Jack, not looking up from his gadget. He jammed a thumb several times against the picture and made several little people explode. Hook blinked at him. \"Very probably,\" he said. He shared a bewildered glance with Smee. \"General angst?\" piped up Maggie. \"She reads to us every night, but I think that's just because she wants us to get a good education.\" Jack, beside her, gave a grunt of agreement. This was the sum total of his engagement with the class. Hook, irritated, considered taking the thing away from him but was stopped by the thought that it may not endear the child to him as he was hoping. Instead, he coughed. Jack's focus stayed entirely on the screen. \"Mind you,\" said Maggie, pulling a similar device out of her pocket and rubbing the picture with her thumb for a few seconds before putting it away, \"I don't think she hates us.\" \"Really?\" said Hook. \"I don't see it.\" \"She loves us,\" said Jack. \"It's just very exhausting having kids.\" Hook opened his mouth to disagree… and then closed it again as he realised his 'they like it when you go to bed because they get a break' argument had just been refuted in front of him. \"Yes, well, children are annoying,\" he said. \"So are nagging adults,\" said Jack. \"Can we go now? Somewhere with wifi? It's kind of impossible to play Fortnite on mobile data.\" \"Or,\" said Hook, gritting his teeth, \"you could perhaps not play …'Fortnight'… for twenty minutes and we could talk about how happy your parents were before you were born. How happy they'll never be again because of you.\" \"I mean it's 2018,\" said Jack. \"Donald Trump's president, the world's gone to shit, they're not exactly going to want to be celebrating.\" \"Hashtag death memes,\" said Maggie. Jack shot her a flat look. Maggie laughed. Threw both of her arms diagonally up to the side and tucked her head into the crook of an elbow. \"Hashtag dead memes,\" she said. \"You dab again and I'll rickroll you into next week,\" said Jack. \"I'll find a kazoo version.\" Maggie covered her mouth with her hands and continued to giggle. \"Sorry Mr. Hook,\" she said, \"I know you're, like, not in on it. Sorry. Back to talking about parental angst and all that crap.\" Hook looked back and forth between them, himself paused, and then cleared his throat. \"So you don't disagree, then?\" he asked. \"That your parents would be happier with you out of the picture…?\" The children shrugged. \"And this doesn't anger you? Your father not paying attention to you no matter what lengths you go to?\" \"He poked me on Facebook yesterday,\" said Jack. \"He's on point with Snapchat and Insta. It's kind of embarrassing how well he keeps up, actually, not the other way round.\" \"He knows my Tumblr handle,\" said Maggie. \"It's really embarrassing.\" Hook blinked. \"He interacted with you three times that week,\" he said. \"I watched. I saw.\" Jack held up his gadget to show Hook a list of brightly-coloured rectangles full of words. \"He sent me twenty-six texts yesterday,\" he said. \"Dad never switches off. Like, helicopter-parent level never switching off. He streamed Maggie's school play to twitter.\" \"He did a running commentary on Jack's baseball game,\" said Maggie, \"and then he posted it to Youtube. God, it's so annoying. Can you make him stop ?\" \"He was constantly staring at the same device for the entire week,\" said Hook, and then realised how futile the argument was when both of them decided that was the moment to yet again take a quick finger-aided flick through several reams of gadget text. \"How is this the modern world?\" \"I don't know, Captain,\" said Smee from behind. He handed Hook a tumbler of aged Scotch and stood beside him for a few moments. Smee was truly worthy of first-mate. \"I fear they do not listen,\" he murmured. Smee gave him a consolatory pat on the shoulder and wandered off to return the bottle of Scotch to its cabinet. Hook took a swig. He was never kidnapping 21st century children again. They were incomprehensible. … Bonus: \" Yeah my iphone's got a clock on it. Why?... Wait, you want me to what !?\" ","Summary":" \"Lesson one,\" said Hook, pacing and trailing his hook across Jack and Maggie's impromptu school d"},{"Movie":"Hook","Title":"By Land or By Sea","Author":"Plaguemoose","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11708123","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Rufio x OC Intro There are a lot of things about mermaids that most people don't know. It is generally assumed that they're very similar to humans, but this assumption is a very poor one, and they are, in fact, incredibly different in many ways. The first is that the few mermaids of Neverland who lounge in the lagoon are a very poor example over merpeople as a whole, and shouldn't be used as a standard for merperson physique or attitude. There are as many different kinds of merpeople as there are oceans and seas, reefs and deltas, lakes, rivers, ponds, and trenches. They exist with poisonous barbs, bioluminescence, varying amounts of blubber for warmth, double tail fins, every scale color under the sun, dorsal fins, spines, claws, fangs—there is no one true merperson standard. The second large misconception about mermaids is that they are all just that: maids. While it is true that there are female merpeople, there are also male—those who go by mermen—as well as those who are somewhere in between, and those who are outside the spectrum entirely. Some merpeople change sex naturally as time passes, while others stay the same. Some change willingly, due to circumstances around them that demand a change for the population to continue reproducing, some change unwillingly because of environmental shifts, and still others choose to make the switch because they feel they started out in just not quite the right body. While the mermaids in the lagoon may seem cemented in their ways, overall, merpeople don't view gender and sex the same way that humans do. To them, much like to many other sea creatures, they're just different sets of parts that you may or may not enjoy having but sometimes need in order to create a new generation. There is little fuss over it, especially in mercultures that remain largely untouched by humans (Neverland pirates in particular). Yet another little known fact is that many merpeople care very little for humans and their ways. It is very common that pirates hunt them, for sport and occasionally in an attempt to collect wives, and so it is generally better to steer clear of harbors, unless they offer high concentrations of edibles. Most merpeople don't care for human language, yet with their natural gift of tongues can pick it up quickly, and most care very little for exploring on land, though their magic will allow them to. Much like fairies and their ability to create pixie dust for non-flyers, merpeople have the ability to give themselves legs or, on occasion and with a fair amount of effort, give humans tails. But due to the dangers humans present, it is rare to find a merperson using these abilities. The mermaids of Neverland's lagoon were of the group that inspired tales of beautiful maidens who kissed sailors and pined after them, and, fittingly, they always had a bit of a thing for the famed Peter Pan. Their outer-sea counterparts had trouble understanding it, but it wasn't their business nor their problem, and since the ladies stayed in their lagoon, there was no point in bothering them about it. They were vain and jealous creatures, but there was little reason to spend energy worrying about them when there were so many other things to pay attention to, especially when their bad attitudes came into the picture. They were very possessive of their small paradise, and if any outsiders were caught in it, they received an incredibly strong verbal response at the very least. They believed themselves to be the most beautiful of all, and to them and many pirates, they were. They mocked other merpeople, especially those from the deep, and hated hearing any praise of them. These were the mermaids that most people consider 'ideal,' and because of them, Akari found life around Neverland barely bearable. Akari had no gender—at least, not by mer standards—and maidens of the lagoon looked down on them for it. Well, maybe not because of that fact in itself, but Akari believed it was at least a contributing factor; after all, there were so many other things for the girls to dislike. With a dark blue tail fading into greyish skin and many spines and smaller fins, Akari was far from a fairytale. Black hair, pointed ears, yellow eyes, webbed fingers, and rows and rows of glowing lines and dots were all features that were considered beautiful by deep sea merpeople, but not the mermaids of the lagoon, and since it was almost unheard of that a deep dweller ever ventured near the surface, Captain Hook and his pirates made the waters around Neverland deadly for Akari. Hook wanted the exotic creature, and Akari knew that if they were captured, it would be the end. With the lagoon off limits and the harbor dangerous, Akari was forced to keep on the move, always circling Neverland in search of a meal, and resting only in one small cave under the mountain. It was connected to the ocean, and Akari presumed there was also an entrance to the Neverwood, not that they ever dared to go there. The hidden cavern was barely large enough for a full grown merperson, but it had a fair amount of clearance, with a high ceiling and lots of air, and a few rocks to sit on, and while it wasn't much, it was home. Akari kept a few trinkets there, things that pirates dropped into the water, but it was scarcely big enough to house anything like the pirates' hoards. Besides, it's not like Akari could really do anything with any valuables. Pirates hardly wanted to trade with merpeople. It was a lonely life, fleeing pirates and living in caves. Even Lost Boys hadn't discovered the hidey-hole, and while relieved, Akari was also a bit sad. Merpeople were fairly social, and didn't usually stay so isolated for so long. It was lucky, then, that one morning, everything suddenly changed. ","Summary":" Rufio x OC Intro There are a lot of things about mermaids that most people don't know. It is genera"},{"Movie":"Hook","Title":"Nothing Gold Can Stay","Author":"TornSanity","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11282425","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I should have guessed that my decision to stay here would lead to considerable guilt. Abandoning my parents and siblings who I had worked so hard to free from the clutches of the evil Captain Hook. What was I thinking? Don't get me wrong, I in no way regretted my choice to stay here with Rufio and the Lost Boys. But sometimes the inevitable truth is just hard to stomach. I'm not really sure how long it had been since Dad left with Jack and Maggie. Time never seemed to matter in Neverland, we were young and would never grow old. That was a plus to the experience, I suppose. Never having to go to school or get a job. All you needed here was imagination. But still... I sighed in a slightly dramatic way as I sat on my platform that Rufio had showed me to on my first day here. It had stayed mostly the same, multicolored pillows and quilts were bundled haphazardly into a vague pile in the middle of the floorboards, the wood supported by the thick limbs under it and ropes securing it from above. The only difference was that there were several little trinkets dangling from the hovering branches. Each one was a gift from the boys. The one from Too Small was a series of colored leaves and beads, the shades and shapes contrasted in a way that would make it significantly less adorable had it not been given to me by such a young child. Each one was different, some served as peaceful chimes, while others were just clumps of pebbles and twigs. I had come to know all the boys very closely, we trusted each other, like one gigantic family. I suppose that it was something I had wanted all my life. My old life wasn't ideal. Dad was never around and my siblings lived in constant woe as they always felt that he would never care for them like he should. But I remained hopeful that he had improved since his re-occurrence in Neverland. I hoped that he would attend every baseball game, every dance recital, every parent career day at school. Tink had given me the chance to go and see them again. It wasn't just my distaste in flying that held me back, but the fear that if I saw any of them again, I might want to go back to them. I didn't want to let go of this life that I had made here. I refused to leave any of these boys. Not for anything. A large hand landed on my left shoulder, I squeaked and whipped my head to the side to look at my companion. Rufio crouched next to me with a rather cheeky expression on his face. I huffed a bit, rolling my eyes, before accepting the hand he offered me and he pulled me up to my feet. I rested my forehead on his chest as his fingers carded through my ponytail. My outfit had been slightly modified, now consisting of a deep blue shirt that had holes in the shoulders that exposed my slowly tanning skin, dusty brown pants, and black boots. My brown hair was tied tightly into a ponytail and had two white feathers sticking out of the base. Rufio remained the same with his red and black color scheme and his pointed hair, I could not be more grateful that my story wasn't one of the girl who gave everything up for a boy, only to find him to be a completely different person than he first appeared to be. No, Rufio remained the same brooding but caring man that I had fallen for in the first place. His tanned arms tightened their hold around my waist as he pressed his lips to my forehead , murmuring a quiet,\"Why are you not at the game?\" The boys had decided to play a hearty round of 'Clobber the Odd-Man', which is basically their version of dodge-ball, something I had not known until I actually participated in a round and gotten pelted with rubber balls. I had bruises for weeks after it. Ever since then I had avoided it completely, I didn't want to be suckered into playing by Pockets and his too-innocent eyes. \"Didn't feel like being a target today I suppose\", I mumbled this into his chest and for a moment I thought that he hadn't even heard me. There was a lengthy pause before Rufio held me arms length away as he studied my face with his deep brown eyes, a look of worry on his face. \"Is there something wrong, Rose?\" I felt a slight heat rise to my cheeks at the discovery of my melancholy mood that I had nearly forgotten until now. I considered lying to him briefly, just going with the classic 'I'm Fine' , but I decided against it as to avoid the confusion on his part. \"Just thinking about my family.\" I saw a sudden flash of fear flicker in his expression before he tried to cover it up with something that was something close to indifference, but I knew him far too well, \"I'm not thinking about leaving or anything. Don't worry.\" I sent him a warm smile and momentarily covered his lips with my own. I drew away, stifling a small giggle when I saw a look of dreaminess on my boyfriend's face. He was such a hopeless romantic. I pressed my cheek onto his shoulder and looked out to the glittering see that reflected the sunlight that filtered through the wispy clouds and the never ending rainbows that spread throughout the island. Throughout the obvious perfection of my life, I couldn't shake off that foreboding feeling in the corner of my mind. Some odd emotion that I wasn't quite sure of that I attempted to shake off by drawing myself closer to the man in my arms. A/N- First chapter of the sequel for Never,Neverland. Hope you enjoyed it :) Make sure to tell me what you think. -TS ","Summary":" I should have guessed that my decision to stay here would lead to considerable guilt. Abandoning my"},{"Movie":"Hook","Title":"Does This Hook Make Me Look Fat?","Author":"Random Guise","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13189608","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Takes place shortly before the movie \"Hook\". Does This Hook Make Me Look Fat? A land is defined by many things, but perhaps the single most defining feature is its best-known citizen. Some lands have monarchies; others have elected officials that provide a single person that is known across the land. There are even some places that rely on a sports or entertainment celebrity to provide the \"face\" of the land, a de facto ambassador to strangers. Neverland was no different, even as a land that mostly never changed. Most people knew about the now gone Peter Pan, the Lost Boys, the fairies, the mermaids, the Piccaninny tribe and various other smaller groups; but everyone knew about the pirates of Neverland, and of all the pirates none was known better than Captain James Hook. Even if an inhabitant on a remote part of the island didn't know his first mate Mr. Smee or even the name of his ship the Jolly Roger , the name Hook would cause a sharp draw of breath and a quickly uttered \"Where?\" while glancing about. In the port town that was the pirate's center of activity, most of those that worked and dwelt there revered (or at least feared) Hook. The key word here is 'most', for there was a particular shop that sold chests and trunks. And the woman who ran the shop, an expert in chests of all types, also just happened to loathe Hook for reasons that she refused to elaborate on; old residents hinted at the fate of a long dead husband named John at the hands of a young sailor's mate named Hook. They say he died with a harmonica wedged down his throat; his last words had come out simply as several chords. Agnes Popper kept her opinion of Hook close to her chest, if you'll pardon the pun, and only a few knew of her disdain for the man. But a message was relayed by mouth to a trusted few, and one night Agnes received a visitor at her door. \"Come back in the morning when the shop is open\" she told the stranger. \"I don't want to buy anything\" the young visitor responded. \"I need your help; I can't find my way home.\" \"Are you lost, boy?\" she asked as she watched his face. A smile crossed his face. \"You might say that. Friends call me Rufio\" he said in a lowered voice. She knew the name, and stuck out her hand. \"Agnes\" she offered. \"Come in out of the cold at least. No doubt you'll rob me blind\" she said out loud just in case anyone was listening nearby. In the dim light of a hooded lantern, she sat with the visitor and spoke in hushed tones. \"I have an idea, but I need some magic to make it work.\" \"I don't do magic, but I know some people who do\" Rufio offered. \"If it gets rid of Hook, they might be interested.\" \"I thought you might know someone. It won't get rid of Hook, at least not the way you're thinking...\" ... \"Smee, I need a change.\" Captain James Hook stared out the window of his cabin upon the port that he called home. \"Right, captain. Did you want to replace the men one at a time or just give 'em all the heave ho and get it over with?\" Smee asked. He was devoted to his captain and was occasionally repaid for his loyalty. Much like a dog that returns to the master that kicks him, he stuck around because it was the only life he knew and far better than the one he left behind when he became a pirate. \"That's not what I meant, Smee. I need...something different. Tomorrow is my anniversary and I want to mark the occasion.\" \"Anniversary, right. Of course. Anniversary of what, sir?\" the first mate asked, scratching his head. \"Tomorrow will be exactly one day after I can't think of a reason to keep up this\" Hook said as he swept his left hooked-hand across the cabin \"drab existence.\" Not even bothering to do the math, Smee looked at the gilded harpsichord, the gold cups, the chandeliers, the lit fireplace and the scale model of Neverland. Perhaps the captain was using the word in a different way. \"Drab, sir?\" \"Yes, Smee. Drab. Boring. Humdrum. Too...normal. You know, before I came here life was an adventure as I used my wits to go up against both William of Orange and the Sun King. Playing both sides against the middle, eh Smee? Those were challenging times, I tell you! Then, when I got here there was the new challenge of organizing the scum of Neverland into the efficient rabble of a group they are now. But the problem isn't them, it's me; now I have established a reputation. Other ships avoid me, the Lost Boys fight like it's some game, and every day is \"Good morning, Neverland\" and inspect the crew and insult them before I shoot somebody and make my appearances ashore. The crew doesn't even cringe when I belittle them now. How many days, how many years and nothing changes except I get older inside. How many decades since I killed that crocodile and turned him into a town clock after we saw the last of Peter Pan? I'm a rusty sword Smee, a dagger that's lost its edge.\" \"Tell you what sir, let's see what tomorrow brings and if it doesn't cheer you up then you can try to kill yourself again. I'll even remind you if you forget.\" \"You're just trying to cheer me up Smee, but I appreciate it in some small way. Maybe tomorrow I'll shoot both of us.\" \"Just as long as it's you first, Captain.\" ... Later that day Smee searched through the port, going from shop to shop looking for a special gift. No matter what he looked at, it just wasn't special enough for the captain or he already had one or a dozen just like it. He ducked his head into the chest shop, although the Jolly Roger had just gotten a new boo box a week ago. Agnes pounced when she had the chance because it might not come again for some time. \"Smee! Shopping for the captain are we?\" \"Aye Agnes, just looking around for something special for the captain. He's got an occasion tomorrow and I'm looking to surprise him.\" \"Then this is your lucky day! I've got something that I don't know what to do with; maybe you can find a use for it. Come into the back room.\" She led the pirate into the small back room and cleared a few covers off something on a bench. \"I had a gypsy come in and sell this to me for a pittance because she couldn't get it open\" she explained as she exposed a chest with a great many scrapes and dents. She had added them in a special technique she called 'aging' that made it look even older. \"The chest isn't anything special, but there was something inside that caught my eye, you might say. Let me show you.\" She opened the top and reached in, pulling out a sack. Under the central lamp of the room she pulled an object out of the bag. The object has a metal prosthesis; a hook. But where the Jolly Roger's captain had a single hook on his device, this had three different size hooks for various uses. As she held it up in the light it glimmered and threw off various color reflections. \"The word is the man that wore this was invincible.\" \"Invisible? You couldn't see him?\" \"No, invincible . It means he couldn't be beat.\" \"If he couldn't be beat, how did he lose it then?\" \"He took it off for cleaning and fell overboard while he didn't have it on. They locked it into the chest and somehow after many years it got to me. I don't really know if the captain would be interested, it's not an ordinary thing you know...maybe you can get him a nice cup or something\" Agnes said with a fake shrug, while eyeing the first mate. \"I'll take it\" Smee grinned. ... \"Where did you get it?\" Hook asked as he eyed the new appendage. Once again it glimmered with reflections of different colors as he held it in his good right hand. \"An...er...old gypsy woman I ran into. Said it was special, even magical . Just the thing for the man that has everything\" Smee embellished. \"Magical I doubt. But it does look different from anything I've worn before. Tell you what, let's give it a try tomorrow, shall we\" he suggested. \"I can put off killing us a day.\" \"That's my captain!\" The next morning before presenting himself, Hook placed the metal device on his wrist and a spectrum of colored dust dissipated into the air of the cabin. \"Oh\" he uttered. Meanwhile, outside Smee was warming up the crew. \"And I'd like to take this time to thank all the men who've survived...er...been with us these many months. The captain thanks you for your service, and will most likely kill you in the morning.\" The crew roared its approval. \"And the meeting next week about the retirement plan has been cancelled due to lack of lack of attainability.\" The men paused in their raucous behavior. \"It means you won't live long enough to get it!\" Smee explained. The men cheered; retirement was unlikely, but the profit sharing was great. \"Those of you concerned about the working conditions should talk to the union representative - Davy Jones!\" More laughter ensued. \"So without further ado, I give to you the slithering shark, the manipulative manta-ray, the sturgeon surgeon...Captain James Hook!\" The pause was much longer than normal and Smee started to wonder. \"HOOK...HOOK...HOOK...HOOK...\" the crew chanted as the door of the cabin opened. \"HOOK...HOok...hook...hoo?\" the chant died as the captain stepped out wearing the new hook. However, the shock of the crew was from his now blond hair. The shock would only deepen. \"Good morning, my dear crew!\" Hook shouted. The crowd halfheartedly responded in kind. \"And how are we today?\" Stunned, the crew stared. One of the closer pirates answered \"Fine. And you?\" almost under his breath as he was caught off guard. The silence of the crew made the comment loud in contrast. \"Splendid! It's going to be a beautiful day today, men. I've been thinking, and it occurs to me that we need a few changes around here.\" Several of the men entertained the idea that the captain was going to clean house by throwing everybody to the sharks. \"I'm sure you'll all come to embrace them as I have. I'm granting everyone the day off whilst I prepare for our new phase. Enjoy yourselves men, and just make sure you get back before sunset. Have a glorious day!\" Hook waved and returned to his cabin. The men turned and stared at each other, then cheered and prepared to spend the day in port. Smee followed the captain inside and shut the door. \"Captain?\" \"Yes Smee, what is it my good man? And before you say anything, let me tell you how I appreciate what a fine job you do for me and the crew.\" \"Uh, yes sir. Are you okay? Your mind isn't junk-tified or anything, is it?\" \"Of course not Smee, I'm thinking more clearly than I have in ages. So clearly that I've got a few ideas I'd like to try out with the crew.\" He put his right hand on Smee's shoulder. \"Can you help your old captain out?\" \"Yes sir\" he said hesitantly. \"Good form! I think the benefits will be unfathomable.\" \"Un what sir?\" \"You know, it means really big or unknown. Like when you can't get a depth reading while sailing. Now here's what I have in mind...\" ... The next morning Smee stood at the top of the stairs looking down at the main deck filled with the crew. A scowl filled his face as though he had been forced to eat something disgusting, which wasn't far from the truth metaphorically speaking. \"All right men, listen up!\" he started. The men, now a little wary of possible events listened intently. \"Our captain will be trying a few new things aboard ship now. They're going to sound a bit different, but I'm sure he knows what he's talking about. Here to introduce the new Jolly Roger, I give you Captain James Hook!\" The men clapped somewhat less than enthusiastically, and the cabin door opened as Hook stepped out. Besides the blond hair which was shorter now, he also sported a lightweight coat with little adornment, plain pants and some odd rugged shoes. There was another difference as well, but it took the men some time to figure it out; his mustache was gone too. \"Good morning crew!\" he called out to the men below. \"Good morning\" they murmured, not having a clue where this was going. \"Men, today is the first day of the rest of our lives. Let's put our best foot forward and get ready for some terrific action!\" That sounded more like it. The crew started to get excited again at the thought of possible raids or even a fight; this was obviously a new approach the captain had developed. A few even cheered, which the captain picked up on. \"Smee, see that man there with the dirty shirt that cheered? No, the other one. No, the other other one. No, next to him too. Oh, nevermind. Men, we're taking things in a new direction and I'm sure you'll all find it'll be much more profitable and rewarding.\" More cheered. They were all for profit and reward. \"I see you're catching the spirit too!\" the captain continued. \"Now, here are some of the things we're going to do. First of all, clean uniforms for everyone.\" Mixed reactions on that one, but clothes were clothes as long as you could move in them. \"Secondly, mandatory baths for everyone and I'm also bringing in a barber to tidy things up.\" The grumbles grew louder. New clothes might be a bit stiff, but bathing ? It was unheard of. And Neverland only had one barber that anyone knew, and he had the shakes so bad you only let him work on you after he'd downed a few. \"And we're changing your diet too. How does a fresh vegetable sound?\" Hook offered. \"What's a vegetable?\" someone asked. ... The tavern was filled to capacity, but no one was drinking. Smee stood on the bar itself, addressing the crowd. \"Men, the question is simple: What are we going to do about the Jolly Roger ?\" \"Don't you mean The Blue's Traveler ?\" someone corrected. \"I don't want to hear that name from anyone except the captain; the ship has always been the Jolly Roger and it always will be as far as I'm concerned. And let me tell you, I'm concerned pretty far.\" Some laughed, but most didn't feel like it. The changing of the name of the ship was the least of their worries. Several of the men started voicing their objections. \"I can't even say the name, it sticks in my throat...\" \"I don't mind the name, but I'll never get used to these vegetable things. Give me meat and grog anytime. And bread. And maybe some more grog...\" \"You can't tell anyone apart with everyone wearing the same uniform...\" \"Do we have to exercise?\" One of the changes had been that the captain instituted morning calisthenics and installed a jogging track around the perimeter of the main deck in an effort to get the men into better physical shape. \"I don't like my curtains.\" A makeover of the ship included scraping and refinishing the top deck and revamping the quarters. What few windows the ship had now sported curtains that matched the designs on the new sails. \"And he took away walking the plank, too! Now if we get into trouble we get a time-out...\" \"We can't even sing songs unless they're suitable for all age groups...\" \"These are all minor things, so man up\" Smee interrupted. \"What concerns me is what we do now; we don't pirate, we trade. We don't plunder, we transport. We don't export, we explore. We even rescue ships in distress now. I tell you, is that a life?\" The crew argued among themselves, not reaching a conclusion. No one was happy, but no one knew what to do about it. The idea of leaving the ship was unthinkable, but staying was more than many could stand. \"I won't hear anything against the captain\" Smee continued \"because it's his ship. But I think something has happened to him and I just don't know what.\" He held out his arms in a giant plea for help. \"I wish you could put a finger on it\" one of the nearby men said. \"Of course I wouldn't ask the captain to on the account of his...you know.\" \"Yes, we all know; he's only got five. Still...\" Smee thought, then had a sudden change of expression. \"Finger!\" he shouted and the men stopped and stared at him. \"Not his fingers men, but his hook; that's the key. When he changed his hook, he changed. Get rid of the hook I say and we get the old captain back.\" \"Easy enough to say\" a pirate said. \"Like the mice that decided to put a bell on the cat.\" \"I think we can out think a cat,\" Smee said \"we have enough heads here that we should be able to come up with a plan.\" ... \"Okay Smithee, have at it\" Smee whispered to the ship's blacksmith. Alan took his cue and approached the captain. \"Captain, I challenge you to a wrist wrestling match\" he offered boldly, playing on Hook's ego. The captain had accepted every challenge to wrist wrestle any member of the crew, wrist to wrist. He won most matches fairly, and those he was in danger of losing to were shot with his good hand before they could finish the match. Alan was the strongest man on the crew, and planned on grabbing the hook before the captain could react. \"No Alan, I wouldn't stand a chance against you; now that you've been exercising and eating right I don't have a prayer\" the captain said as he clapped the man on the back. \"Maybe you should stage a tournament or something for some worthy competition.\" ... \"I know you can do it, Big John\" Smee prodded the ship's largest man. John Dean had the well-deserved reputation as the ship's biggest drinker; although he didn't drink a quart of rum for breakfast like legends said, his capacity was unsurpassed. If he could get the captain drunk, removing the hook would be easy. As he ambled over to the captain, the deck almost creaked. \"Captain?\" he asked in his deep baritone. \"Yes? Oh it's you Big John, I didn't hear you coming. You've lost some weight and you're a lot lighter on your feet\" complimented Hook. John sagged a little on the inside, but plowed ahead. \"Captain, the men want me to challenge you to a drinking contest. May the best man win\" he said with a smirk. \"Capital suggestion, good team building and all that. But don't you know too much alcohol isn't good for you? We'll have that contest, but let's make it carrot juice. Maybe throw in a raw egg to make it more interesting and get that protein, eh?\" Hook enthused. John turned green at the thought of the drink, and with a quick \"Excuse me\" ran to the railing where he became violently ill and chummed the water below. ... Hook woke with a start as a shape moved in the dark. Lighting his lamp, the room was lit to reveal ship's cook Tom Tripe, the crew's most skilled thief, standing by the captain's bed in a failed attempt to remove his hook while he slept. \"Is that you Tom?\" \"Aye, captain\" he said dejectedly. \"Tom, what is it? I know, you've come to steal something to help make ends meet. Here, take this\" he said as he handed Tom some jewelry that was sitting on the nightstand. \"I understand, desperate times drive good men to do bad things. Rest easy, tomorrow we'll have a crew meeting and I'll see about raising your wages to a more competitive level. Go to bed and sleep well Tom, you're a valued member of our team.\" Tom slunk away and Hook turned down the lamp to go back to sleep. ... Smee was in a foul mood while standing on the deck with his captain. The ship was watching the Zephyr sail away toward Florin as Hook and the crew waved goodbye. Hook did so enthusiastically, while the men did so only because they were told. \"Isn't it grand, Smee? Such wonderful people and the excitement of sailing back home. I do hope they have a happy voyage\" Hook gushed. Smee looked and got an idea. \"Captain, should we fire our cannon as a friendly gesture? We'll make sure not to aim it at them, of course.\" \"Jolly good, Smee. Brotherhood of the sea and all that, I like it. Do be careful and aim it away.\" \"You can be sure of that, captain\" Smee said as he motioned for some of the crew to turn the cannon and quickly loading it. He aimed it just right and commanded \"Fire!\" as the powder hole was touched. The cannon did its job precisely as aimed; it took off Hook's new appendage as he waved. The metal stub of the magical hook now sparked and fizzled out. Hook, after a moment of shock, stared at where his new hook used to be and frowned. Then He looked out and saw the Zephyr speeding away. He turned and espied his crew on deck in their clean uniforms, the new sails, and the top deck without any sign of blood or any work having been done. He turned lastly to Smee. \"I don't know what's going on here, but if we don't catch and plunder that ship getting away every man will spend the rest of his very short life feeding the sharks. Do I make myself clear?\" he ended with a snarl. \"Right, captain sir!\" Smee answered as he started ordering the men to set the ship in pursuit. \"And it's good to have you back, too\" he said under his breath as he smiled. The End A/N: In a timeless land like Neverland, there must have been a big gap between Peter's departure and his return all grown up in Hook. Something must have happened during that time, even if eventually Hook thought there was no more adventure in life so I came up with this. Of course at some point he got the idea into his head (and the ability) to return to the real world and kidnap Peter's kids, but that would be another story entirely. His origin is never mentioned in the movie but he must have come from somewhere. ","Summary":" A/N: Takes place shortly before the movie \"Hook\". Does This Hook Make Me Look Fat? A land is defi"},{"Movie":"Hook","Title":"Bangarang!","Author":"rageagainstkyle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13204926","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Bangarang! One of the greatest battles ever fought took place on the shaky docks, Bodies plunged into the water below and lay scattered across the rocks. Swords were drawn and armor was pierced as Pan led the attack, Every Lost Boy roughed and scuffed, but not a single one fell back. For it was the battle for NeverLand, the place they all called home, An adolescent group cast away and forced to be on their own. Raised by a fearless leader, they chanted Ru-Fi-O! Who vowed to defeat the pirate scum, and Hook - he would overthrow. Clad in bamboo body armor and helmets chiseled from gourds, They swung aboard the pirate ship to defeat the scurvy horde. Armored to the teeth with weapons that made no sense what-so-ever, Compared to swords, they're only advantage was they happen to be a bit clever. Egg-slinging cannons and shiny mirrors robbed the enemies of their sight, While crossbow-wielding archers kept their tomato patterns tight. Loose floor boards became launch pads for weary pirate's crotches, And it appeared the Lost Boys were actually winning, even if it were only by notches. While the Boys battled Schmee, and the garbage of the sea, Rufio dueled with Hook, a thrilling battle it would be. Clinging and clanging of swords and the exchange of snarky remarks, \"Looky, looky, I got Hooky\" at one point Rufio barks. Unfortunate to him, immediately after this he gets stabbed, A long-sword thrust into his chest, his life will soon be nabbed. Pan rushes over and cradles Rufio, they lock eyes and both get sad, Rufio then confesses, all he ever wanted was a dad. It's time for this to end, no more blood need be shed, Pan knows the only sanctuary comes when Hook is dead. He charges hard, he charges fast, an epic sword fight ensues, But Pan has a trick up his sleeve; a plan, a ruse. They tick, they tock, they terrify Hook; his greatest weakness is clocks, A constant reminder of the ingester of his hand - prehistoric monsters - Crocs. He leads the duel into the courtyard, where the tower clock stands tall, The clock rests snuggly in the mouth of the croc that snacked on Hook's hand last Fall. Pan disarms Hook and has him down on his knees, The air is now filled with Hook's frantic, desperate pleas. A sympathetic Pan turns his back and begins his leave, When Hook, somehow, ejects a new sword from inside his sleeve! He rushes forward with the blade at Pan's neck, But Tink intervenes, and his hook she deflects. Straight into the beast that's holding the clock, With an outpouring of smoke, the beast begins to rock. The clock falls to the ground, the croc's mouth opens wider, Hook down below can now see right inside her. His fate now lies behind sharp, daggered teeth, And soon his body will be buried beneath. For it started with a croc that once took his hand, Now Karma has arrived to collect the rest of the man. Neverland is safe, the Lost Boys brought the heat, And all of Hook's goons now lie crumbled in defeat. ","Summary":" Bangarang! One of the greatest battles ever fought took place on the shaky docks, Bodies plunged in"},{"Movie":"Hook","Title":"You Had to Be There","Author":"jackwabbit","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10806237","Passage":"[Chapter 1] You Had to Be There Rated : G Category : Double drabble. Gen. Summary : The old saying is true, you know. Disclaimer : Hook belongs to everyone, in my humble opinion. But that doesn't count for much. Note : taj_mahal07 came over the other night. We watched Hook , quite unintentionally, as it was on TV. This is the result of that evening and is dedicated to all the stories for which it is true. Also, I contend that what happens in Neverland stays in Neverland. Literally. Thus Peter changing clothes on the way home. It's magic and it just happens – and injuries are healed, too. Just my headcanon, for what it's worth. xxx Moira asked him about it occasionally. He always said he didn't know why he did it. \"Just habit,\" he'd say. She'd give him a funny look then, because it was new, but she'd shrug and move on. Still, she'd wonder. And so would he. Because he wasn't exactly lying. He really didn't know why he did it. Sure, there'd been an injury, but it didn't hurt. There wasn't even a scar. So why he rubbed at it really did puzzle him. As to why he never told Moira about said injury? That he wasn't sure about, but some part of him knew she wouldn't understand, so he kept quiet. But Maggie understood. So did Jack. And when their dad massaged his left forearm just so, they'd grin. If Jack was feeling cheeky, he'd pretend to scratch his sister, and she'd giggle. Their parents would roll their eyes then, and the children would settle, but the wink they received from their father when his wife wasn't looking always kept them smiling for hours. They didn't feel guilty keeping their mom out of the loop, either. Because the old saying was true in this case. Sometimes, you just had to be there. ","Summary":" You Had to Be There Rated : G Category : Double drabble. Gen. Summary : The old saying is true, you"},{"Movie":"Hook","Title":"Siren","Author":"Raven Catz","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10634088","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Siren Being an exploration of what it means to be an adult in a place heretofore reserved as the domain of childhood . It was the lashing of rain against the portholes that woke me from my nap. A vicious storm had blown in from nowhere, it seemed, and I tumbled from my cot and scrambled above decks, hoping against hope that I could get my sails in before they were torn to shreds. My sails might have survived with only moderate damage, but my navigation equipment wasn't so lucky. As I bobbed and rolled like a cork in the endless black seas, I watched, dejectedly, as my GPS and navigational equipment began flashing errors. There was nothing left to do now but hope I wasn't blown too far off course before I was able to get my equipment back online. I would be the one to sail into a mystery storm, in the midst of my bid to become the fastest solo female to circumnavigate the globe. I was nearing the end of my journey, sleep-deprived and haggard, and I was dreaming of a real bed and clothes that weren't stiff with seaspray and a chance to hide from the blazing sunshine for hours at a time. I must have nodded off before the weather reports, I thought darkly, wrestling to keep my vessel on course. All the same, this wasn't the sort of storm one expected in the North Atlantic at this time of year. As the storm blew onward, I was afforded the briefest moments of relief, before I realized I was taking water. So close, and yet so far, I thought, starting my pumps with a loud, mechanical complaint. I could probably make repairs myself, but the thought of sailing out into the open Atlantic on a \"probably\" wasn't terribly appealing at this juncture. As it was, I would be limping along at drastically reduced speeds until my sails could be mended, and even more slowly if I was taking water, and there was no guarantee I wouldn't be hit by another storm and rolled before I could shore up the hull. Having lost most of my lead time over the last month, it was becoming clear to me that my record bid was over. Sighing, I weighed my options. I was half a day off the coast of Portugal, maybe a little more, depending on my current speed. If I turned back, even if I wildly overshot my course back toward Europe, the worst I could do was make landfall in western Africa. With a hopeful glance back to my GPS and Sonar, (both unhelpfully scrambled) I sighed and headed below decks to retrieve the sextant that my grandfather had used during WWII, and attempted to mentally prepare myself for the amount of math it would take me to navigate by starlight. The storm itself may have left me behind, but in the darkness that preceeded a bright dawn, the low-hanging clouds remained ominously. Just my luck. I swiveled around, peering for something, anything visible in the night sky. Just as I was preparing to give up and head back to the pilothouse for a brain-bending session of 2am math to estimate an even more inaccurate path, the clouds at my stern broke open and a pair of gleaming stars began twinkling seductively through. It wasn't much, but it would have to be enough. Consulting my equipment, maps now cluttering the navigation panel of the pilothouse, I chose the rightmost of the pair, murmuring a prayer that I would at the very worst run into Morocco, and laid the coordinates into my navigation systems. At least this vessel could still steer itself if I told it where it was headed, I thought hazily, as my brain again began to fog from lack of sleep. Perhaps a short nap, then I could better assess the next steps to take… I awoke to sunlight, streaming weakly into the portholes. I had clearly slept far longer than intended, though I felt just as hazy and exhausted as before. The vessel had begun to list slightly, and I was grateful I had at least made the decision to run for Europe instead of limping farther into the North Atlantic. I clambered to assist my mechanical equipment, manning the manual pumps until I felt the swaying below me return to a somewhat more normal cadence. Climbing up into the pilothouse, I was astonished to see land springing up before my eyes. It was a smallish island, blazing green and gold in the sunlight. Bafflingly, I couldn't even estimate where I might have ended up, based on my maps. Perhaps I had come too close to the Canary Islands? I elected to swing south around the island, hoping for a calm place to drop anchor, trying to figure out if this place I had ended up was inhabited or not, and figuring out how to avoid ending up scuttled here forever. Suddenly, up from the south, an immense sailing ship came gliding elegantly over the water. As it approached, growing from what initially appeared to be a tiny cloud scudding across the waves, I realized with a twinge in the pit of my stomach that the ship was flying a jolly roger at the top of its tallest mast. \"Literally no actual pirates are obvious enough to brand themselves like that.\" I reassured myself in a whisper. I had crash landed on an amusement park. That had to be it. I'd get there, and everyone would speak Portuguese, and we'd all be confused as hell and get a great laugh out of it, and then I'd get my vessel towed to drydock for repairs and that would be that. Right? Still, the unbelievability nagged at me. On a good day, I could outmaneuver and outrun a ship this size as if it were standing still. Today, however, I was limping on ragged sails and a belly full of seawater, and I was in no shape for a race. The ship continued to swell, sliding silently alongside my vessel, and I peered up at the towering decks, only to find a squat, dirty man with tiny round spectacles peering back down at me. \"Ahoy!\" he shouted. Really? Has anyone shouted 'Ahoy' since 1896? \"Ahoy!\" I called back, not without irony. The squat man adjusted his spectacles, peering at me for a long moment. \"So… I hate to be rude, but I'm taking water, and I'd really like to not drown out here with you ogling me.\" I prompted. \"Right. Uh… Hold that thought a minute, Miss.\" Before I could dig up another scathing reply, he was gone. Moments later, he returned, coils of rope slung over one arm. \"We'll tow you in. Cut your engines.\" ","Summary":" Siren Being an exploration of what it means to be an adult in a place heretofore reserved as the do"},{"Movie":"Hook","Title":"The Never of Neverland","Author":"Holly version 2.0","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10462574","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimers: I started this fic because the amazing Alli (Skirtz from DA, FF, and Tumblr) inspired me to create my own OC to put in the Neverland universe mainly because I love Captain Hook just like Allie does! So my fic is a sideline story to hers or something like that and is a bit of its own thing where you will be going into Maiev's life and such. So, as you read, just keep in mind to read s/10347172/1/Hook-Maggie-Returns before mine! Hope you enjoy! Do not own characters in Hook, only my OC Maiev and her raven Kai. Chapter I How many years had been? Five? Ten? Twenty? Three-Hundred? Maiev hadn't the slightest clue as to how long she had been in Neverland. At times it felt like centuries and at times it had felt like days. No longer did she remember her real name, her family, her age, her past, her childhood memories; none of it. Her brows furrowed to thought as they always did when she tried as hard as she could to remember anything from her previous life. No matter how hard she concentrated there was nothing to seep through her mind and ignite a memory. All she knew was willingly taking a hand of a much younger boy who promised her so much if she came with him. Being the age between 20 and 28, she had realized what a fool she had been to go so silently into the night with a boy called Thud Butt. However, at her defense, she was a coward when it came to her real life problems that weighed so heavily upon her shoulders, whether they had been truly problematic or if they were simply exaggerated. Nonetheless, it made no difference to her. She was still filled with the anxiety and depression of the world: work, school, social life, romantic life, etc. Every problem piled upon one another and the weight became too heavy for the poor girl to carry anymore. And so when a tubby boy came to her window that night she eagerly grabbed a few of her favorite items and flew off into the night. Now, the young woman was left with the little memories of the old world and plenty of new ones that accumulated in Neverland. The clouds were weeping frozen tears of gloom upon the desert floor and a redheaded young lady stared out the classroom window with an exasperated expression upon her features. As the Professor of Sociology continued to drone on about the criminal element in poverty stricken neighborhoods, all she could think about was how cold she would be trudging in the accumulating snow. Other thoughts had invaded her mind as she completely tuned out the professor; thoughts of a certain man whom she had fallen quite hard for. No, not a boy but a man; another professor of hers. Maiev thought she could outrun her problems the way she outrun players on the soccer field. But, oh, how different reality was. No matter which method, which action, or which way she chose, the young woman could not rid her mind and heart of the anxiety and depression it was plagued with. Now, the jet-black haired woman felt her defense mechanisms were phenomenal which in turn made her a great actress. Anyone who didn't know her closely would easily suspect the girl never had a bad day because she could always be found making others laugh and have a smile across her face. The mask she wore was so well painted it fooled all her friends. Finally class was dismissed and the young girl trudged through the snow in her warm boots and books hugged tightly to her chest. She paid no mind to the snowflakes that fell upon her shoulders and clung to her black locks, concentrating so drastically in the grey color of the world that surrounded her. In fact the pounding of her excited heart warmed her body with each step she made towards the psychology building. It was a bi-weekly ritual to finish her last class of the day and walk across campus, wait outside upon a black bench, and then be greeted by a bright smile and a warm hug. Professor Alley and Maiev (of course that was not her Worldly name) found their relationship had been growing since she took his class two and a half years ago. They'd chat for hours in his office and exchange the mixed CDs they would make for another. The young woman always felt confused…conflicted after her chats with this man she had fallen for so many months ago; she never could truly tell if he reciprocated those emotions or simply enjoyed her sense of humor, stimulating topics, and taste in music. Knowing he was a married man and had children always added the weight of heartache upon her love-stricken organ and deep down she knew she could and would never be with the man she swore she loved. Yet, she would continue to see him whenever she could and continue her heart to be in a constant state of ache. Her attention was diverted to the familiar voice of the Lost Boys calling for her to come down from her massive fortress in the trees; or as liked to call it The High Heavens. Grabbing a rope the young woman swung down to reveal herself to the boys. A light sigh left her pursed lips as she looked down upon them with her jade eyes, a brow lifting in a quizzical manner. They called up once more, waving their hands and a few of the younger ones hopping on dangling ropes as they chanted the nickname they had given her. \"Queen of Fate! Queen of Fate!\" \"What do you lil' urchins want?\" \"Stop,\" snapped the eldest of the boys, pulling down the twins and bopping them on their little heads. \"Maiev, we are in need of your…well, your assistance.\" \"What kind of assistance?\" \"May we approach?\" He certainly had manners for growing up with no parents. The young woman liked to assume it was because of her teachings they had learned a little civilization when she was brought here by them so many years ago. \"No.\" A simply stated word was given before she came down with ease, her feet planting firmly upon the hardened ground. Thudd Butt let out a deep sigh and gave her a pitiful puppy-eyed look. From his large pouch that hung from his belt, he patted it lightly which gathered the woman's attention. \"What is it you exactly wanted?\" \"The pirates…they're up to something, Lady Maiev. Something bad. We need you to try and get some information; you're on good terms with them seeing as you sell them your tobacco.\" \"Cigars. I roll and sell them to the pirates. They pay quite well. Why should I be giving you information about the pirates when they are treating me just fine?\" The redhead asked as she leaned against a large trunk, adjusting her loosely fitted pants that bound just below her knees. \"I think you already know, miss,\" the large boy said as he bowed his head, not wishing to offend her with his words. It wasn't a well-kept secret nor was it an obvious observation, but those who paid attention on Neverland knew that the young warrior-like woman had grown quite fond of the well-mannered Captain over the many years since her arrival. Of course Maiev tried to make it quite evident that she had no desire for him or any of the pirates. No; she tried so hard to put on the façade that she did not need anyone but herself. The raven-haired girl had always been a tough gal when growing up and her muscle memory seemed to have remained with her when she had forgotten all else. Always one to stand up for herself and those she felt weaker than she, Maiev intimidated most whom came into contact with. It didn't take long for her to earn the respect of the Indians and the Pirates and of course The Lost boys who had brought her there for motherly duties. When the boys realized that wasn't about to happen they knew to let her go and become her own thing. However, the young woman left on good terms and still would visit them occasionally to help them read and write or tell tales of stories she either could remember or made up. The boys who were older always came to her with offerings in an effort to win her heart but when it failed every time she would teach them her superior fighting skills she somehow remembered from the old world: Shao-Lin martial arts in which she was a fourth degree black belt. It wasn't a surprise when no one would dare pick a fight with her when Maiev found herself at the local taverns and pubs. A few naïve pirates would bet money but always found themselves with a broken arm and ego. She wondered if this was another reason Captain Hook was privy to her; she certainly hoped. \"Thudd Butt, either tell me why I should help you and do I get out of it. And tell me exactly why you believe they are up to no good more than they normally are. I have cigars and arrows to make for the Indians…they made me a wonderful new leather arm brace for Kai,\" she gave a loud whistle and in an instant a large raven with uncharacteristically long black feather swooped down and perched himself on her left forearm, showing his one blue eye to the boys. \"Out with it.\" \"Maggie has returned…\" ","Summary":" Disclaimers: I started this fic because the amazing Alli (Skirtz from DA, FF, and Tumblr) inspired "},{"Movie":"Hook","Title":"Family","Author":"BangarangLostGirl1991","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11234108","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Thirteen years ago- Maggie's POV \"MAGGIE!\" I heard Jack calling after me. I didn't care. I was too upset to talk to him, although I knew I'd have to talk at some point. He was a baseball player (not to mention, six years older than me) and could catch me when I got tired of running and slowed down. Eventually, I did get tired, and when he got close enough, he grabbed me by my wrist and practically pulled my arm off to stop me. Then, he pulled me into a hug. \"Why did mom and dad decide they need another kid?!\" I exclaimed, crying now, \"I don't know,\" he replied. \"But mom and dad will always love us.\" \"That's not what I'm worried about,\" I told him. I had been the youngest (and most spoiled) all my life, but, for once, I wasn't thinking about myself. \"We aren't supposed to talk about that anymore. And besides, Hook is gone. You saw it,\" he whispered, in case anyone was listening. I sighed. \"I just have a bad feeling about this,\" I said. \"I know. Just try and forget about it. Nothing bad is going to happen to this baby. This is supposed to be a good thing.\" \"But what if dad forgets all over again? What if he makes the same mistakes with this new baby that he did with you? He's already forgotten bits and pieces of Neverland, and you know that eventually, he won't remember at all,\" I whispered. \"He's gonna forget, which is why it's our job to help him remember. We'll keep this 'Peter Pan thing' going for as long as we can.\" \"Okay,\" I said. We were walking back towards the house now. I knew I was going to have to give in at some point. After all, the case was already closed, the decision had already been made, and mom was already a month pregnant. ... Later, I sat in my room, at my desk, doing homework quietly and thinking about how this was going to change our lives forever. It was hard for me to wrap my head around the fact that it wouldn't just be Jack and I anymore. We had always just been, 'Jack and Maggie.' \"Maggie, sweetheart?\" I turned around quickly, not expecting to hear a voice behind me. \"Mom! Oh, gosh, you scared me. I didn't hear you come in,\" I said. She closed my bedroom door behind her. \"I know you don't like the idea of having a new brother or sister, but your father and I think it's a great idea to-\" \"Mom, it's fine, okay? I'm fine. I have homework to do,\" I said, turning away from her. She sighed. \"I can tell this bothers you, Maggie. I want to help you. I know this is a big change and I don't want you to be scared of change,\" she said. \"I don't need help. I'm fine. You should be scared. You have a human growing inside of you,\" I told her. She laughed. \"I just want you to think of this as a positive thing. It is your brother or sister, after all, and although he or she will be younger than you, I want you to have a strong relationship with him or her, just like you have with Jack, okay?\" I nodded. She saw she wasn't going to get anywhere with me. She walked out of the room, leaving me alone. Alone. Stop remembering! It happened over a year ago! Ugh. Sometimes, I feel like I'll never forget. ... \"Jack! Maggie! Are you ready to go?\" Mom called up the stairs. Month number two, ultrasound number one, and the whole family was invited. \"Yeah!\" Jack said back happily, practically skipping down our staircase. \"Maggie! Come on, princess! We don't wanna be late!\" Dad said, walking by the doorway to my bedroom. \"I'm coming,\" I said back. A few minutes later, we were all downstairs. Jack and I went outside to the car before our parents. \"I don't wanna go.\" \"Come on. It's for mom,\" he said. I rolled my eyes. \"Maggie, I think you're confusing yourself.\" \"What do you mean?\" I asked as we got in the car, still no sign of our parents, who were still in the house. \"You make yourself think that you are against this new baby, but in reality, you are against...him. Just stop thinking about that. Be worried about something else like...Is it a girl or a boy? What will mom and dad name it? How long will it take for the baby to replace you?\" he joked. \"Jaaaack,\" I said. He was right, though...about me being so worried. I let go of all of my fears for this kid, and suddenly, I felt better about it. As we drove to the doctors office, I even asked, 'Are we there yet?' When we got to the appointment, I squealed with glee. \"What has gotten into you? You seem different today,\" Mom asked me, smiling. I smiled back. \"Just excited, I guess,\" I said. A few minutes later, they were putting that cold liquid on my mom's stomach and using a scanner to check the baby. Now, I know what we all thought we were going to see. Jack and dad wanted a boy, and mom and I wanted a girl, but whatever it was, we'd all be happy. It's just what we expected. But, when an image appeared on the screen, it was something none of us expected. \"Wait…\" I said, counting and recounting as if I had made a mistake. Nope. No mistake. \"There's two babies.\" ","Summary":" Thirteen years ago- Maggie's POV \"MAGGIE!\" I heard Jack calling after me. I didn't care. I was to"},{"Movie":"Hook","Title":"Smee: An Unofficial Sequel to Hook","Author":"Classic Rock Fan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10238874","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Now, before you start to wonder why the fuck I've written a story about Hook, realize that this was my favorite movie and up until recently, I've always wondered what would happen if they made a sequel... Now, my husband actually gave me the idea for this story, and I'm sorry if it's sucky a little bit... After taking a hiatus from writing, I kind of fell off and became rusty... But, I digress... I now present Smee (the sequel to Hook) The wind whipped wildly, blowing through the trees as Jack Banning, the son of the famous Peter Pan, walked along the streets. It was, shall we say, a blistery winter day as he bundled himself up, his hands wrapped in gloves, a scarf around his neck, and the memories of a past battle in Neverland briefly in his head. He was on his way home from a long day at the office, not sure what lied in store for him at the gates of his loving home. He stared up at the open windows, his darling wife staring out at him, waving. The sounds of Jack's children echoed through the yard. \"Daddy's home!\" cried the youngest, a girl about 6-years-old, no bigger than his knee. Jack smiled, welcoming the children with open arms as they ran towards him. How he loved his children, much like his father loved him. It was a happy time for the Bannings. \"Come on Grace! Let's go show dad what we made at grandma and grandpa's,\" the oldest, a boy of about 10 years, said, running towards the open door into the kitchen. Jack followed the energetic children into the house, bombarded by toys and paper drawings. Grace held up her drawing first. The picture was magnificent. The battle between Hook and Peter Pan was depicted on the paper. But, it seemed vaguely familiar. Perhaps because he had seen the scene himself, or maybe it was just his imagination. He smiled, the smile that his father had whenever he would tell him stories of the great Peter Pan and the lost boys. So many memories faded, and yet, he could remember every single one of them. \"That's very nice, Gracie. Did you draw that all by yourself?\" he asked, tousling the girl's hair a little bit. She nodded and he looked at his son's, the smiling face of the child was bigger than he had ever seen it. \"Look dad. It's you and Aunt Maggie,\" he said. Jack looked at the picture, the perfect picture was of Jack in pirate clothing, and Maggie in a nightgown. The scene was somehow familiar. They were on a ship, a pirate ship. The battle between good and evil waged around them. He took the picture in his hand and stared at it for quite a while, looking into the eyes of the young child that had drawn the picture. \"Okay children. Um, I think it's time to wash up and go to bed. Okay? Um, Santa's coming tomorrow. Wouldn't want to, um, scare him would we?\" he asked, his eyes not leaving the drawing. Grace and Mikey nodded and walked out of the kitchen, and headed up the stairs to their room. Jack stared long and hard at the picture and then put it down, rubbing the bridge of his nose. He had seen that scene before. But, he just shrugged it off as his old man's elderly mind. 'How dare he put such nonsense in my children's heads,' he thought. 'There's no such thing as Neverland. There's no such thing as lost boys. And there's most definitely no such thing as fairies.' He had almost regretted thinking that. He couldn't believe in fairies, but, yet, there was something there that made him believe in them. Perhaps they could very much be real. He sighed, grabbing a cup of coffee and sitting at the table for a bit, pondering. His lovely wife came downstairs and wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed his head. She smiled. \"Have I lost my sense of wonder?\" he asked her, looking up at her, seeing her small smile. \"No, you haven't lost it, Jack. Now come on, let's go to sleep before the children get up,\" she said, taking his hand and walking up the stairs with him. The children slept soundly in their beds as the wind howled wildly outside. Grace dreamed of Neverland, while Mikey dreamed of Christmas morning. That's when the window flew open and the smell of rum and rotten wood filled the room. Grace woke up, staring straight into the eyes of Smee, the captain's right hand man, and now leader of the Jolly Roger. She screamed, waking Mikey up, who was suddenly silenced by a hand covering his mouth. Grace bit at Smee, who in turn screamed and let go of the girl. Grace ran to the door, banging on it. \"Help us, daddy! Daddy! Daddy, help us!\" she screamed, being pulled on by one of the swashbuckling buccaneers. The scream traveled to Jack's room and he sat up, at first thinking it's a dream. He ran to the room, pulling open the door and seeing the pirate ship fly away. Smee waved at him from the ship, holding Grace and Mikey by the backs of their collars. \"Say goodbye to your daddy kids. He's not going to be able to save you now,\" he said, as the ship flew away. Jack stood in that empty room, looking around. It was the worst feeling in the world. He couldn't help himself. He sat down in the windowsill and cradled Grace's favorite bear and just stared up at the sky. He didn't know why he was staring up. I guess he was just half-expecting to see them coming back, or he was half-expecting to see a twinkling light, but, all he knew was that his children were gone. His wife walked in and looked around, her hand on her chest, tears welling up in her eyes. Jack felt something that he hadn't felt in a long time, a sense of fear. The unknown scared him, much like heights used to scare his father. \"Oh my god. What happened here?\" she asked, her voice already cracking. \"I don't know. Our children have been kidnapped and I don't know…\" he stopped himself. Was it really that he didn't know? Or was it that he just didn't want to know. He knew the ship, Jolly Roger, was Captain Hook's ship. I mean, he's read the story before. But, to find that it was real? That's something completely different. Then that meant that he wasn't dreaming all those years. He was in Neverland, he was on Hook's ship, and he was Peter Pan's son. This meant… he had lost it. He looked at the small stuffed bear in his hand and put it in his belt buckle as he climbed the windowsill and jumped, landing on his feet and ran all the way to his parents' house, hoping that his father would still be awake. It was something that was bothering him. He couldn't handle it being real. He ran and ran and ran until he collapsed in front of the house. His father stood in front of the door, a curious look on his wrinkled face. Jack stood up and handed the bear to Peter, panting. \"You know what happened all those years ago, don't you?\" Jack asked him. Peter looked at the bear and then at Jack, speechless. Then a knowing smile crossed his face and he started laughing, a childish laugh as he let Jack into the house. \"I don't find anything funny about this dad. My children, your grandchildren, were kidnapped by pirates on the Jolly Roger.\" Peter just shook his head and ran his fingers across the faux fur of the bear. The twinkle in his eyes had gone, being replaced by dull, lifeless, brown eyes as he stared at Jack. \"Jack, you have to go save them. You have to become a Pan,\" he said. \"Dad, do you even hear yourself? There is no such thing as Neverland.\" \"Are you really so sure about that, son? Because from what I've heard you talk about, you know it's real.\" Jack looked at the bear in his father's hands again and sighed. He knew he was right. He had to become the new Pan. He looked up at the sky, the clouds roaring with great thunder. He sighed and watched as a small light began floating towards him. Perhaps he was dead, and this was his punishment. But, that little light grew closer and closer as Tinkerbell appeared, letting out a giggle. \"Well, Jack, you've certainly grown big. Come on! Let's go back to Neverland!\" she said, swirling around him. Jack watched as his dad just nodded and watched him fly away. \"Dad! Dad, a little help here!\" he yelled, waving his arms in the air but, his dad just laughed and smiled, yelling out something that Jack couldn't really hear. He was just watching the world disappear. That's when he remembered. The fairy's name; it was Tinkerbell. Just like in the story. He looked at her and laughed harder than he had ever laughed before. His storybook dreams, his memories of the dreaded pirate Captain James Hook, his memory of Hook's death, it all came together in an extraordinary way. It was then that he realized he wasn't crazy. He was going back to Neverland, and he had never been more excited. Question of the Chapter: What do you think guys? Do you think I should continue working on this story? If you would like to see more, please comment me letting me know! Thanks for reading, and I hope to see you guys on the next update! ","Summary":" A/N: Now, before you start to wonder why the fuck I've written a story about Hook, realize that thi"},{"Movie":"Wanted","Title":"The Pack","Author":"Paint Me a Symphony","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4748632","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Pack Story Title: The Pack Story Summary: Tales from within our favorite pack of wolves. Genre: General Chapter Focus: #302 of 1000, \"Ghosts\" Chapter Rating: T for mentions of torture Word Count: (Count) Author's Starting Notes: I loved Wanted the second I saw it. I postponed writing anything on it until after the DVD came out. I love putting in scenes, or getting settings and character descriptions close to perfection. Since the DVD is out and I needed some other updates for the Seven Days of Updating, I have two pieces that will be coming up here. This is the first. I am warning you now that this has spoilers, this entire fricken thing has tons of spoilers for the movie. If you haven't seen it (which I do not understand) then you shouldn't read this as it may ruin the movie for you, or make no sense. Just know that I am aware this is an actual scene. Don't leave me a review just saying that. Time Stamp: Posted December 28th, 2008 I: Ghosts His head breaks the white layer surrounding his face, freeing his lips and eyes from confinement. He wiggles his body a bit to shatter more of the substance caking his form. As he sits up, his gaze finds a person waiting. On her face is an unreadable expression. Despite that, he knows she has to be feeling something akin to frustration. All that training had to have gone to waste on him. He really is useless, he supposes. He wants to say something about how sorry he is that he couldn't do it, but he cannot find the words to speak. He is not sorry. He did not -- and does not -- know anything about Robert Deane Darden. Killing him would have been wrong. A cloth should not choose a man's decisions. And, Wesley decides, it will not choose his. \"I'm not sorry,\" he tells her. It is meant to sound strong, but the chill of the liquid around him makes his teeth chatter a bit and his throat sound sore and scratchy. \"I figured you wouldn't be,\" she says. She walks over to him. \"I couldn't do it. I didn't think it was a good idea,\" he adds. \"I figured that too.\" His eyes, which had been focused on her cool brown ones, pull back and away. There is something in them he can't decipher. Deep down, he is not so sure he wants to anyway. It is a mixture of disappointment, pain, and reminiscence so strong and startling that the origin seems almost as mystifying. He needs to erase the questions from his mind. So, he focuses on the disappointment she holds, that will be a good distraction, and that he is used to. \"You guys have some operation going on here. Beating people up, cutting them, putting them in strange tubs, shooting people because a guy tells you to. It's odd,\" he comments, \"Very odd.\" \"You walked into this, Wesley,\" she reminds him. \"I did, I know. I don't think I knew exactly what it was I was entering though,\" he confesses. She looks on as if waiting for him to continue. A two-minute lapse of conversation later, and he is speaking once again. \"What did he do that he deserved to die? You don't know. I don't know if he was bad; I don't know if he was evil. I don't know anything about him. We got our orders from a loom. Fate. And we're supposed to take it on faith that what we're doing is right. Killing someone we know nothing about, I don't know if I can do that.\" Fox watches him for a moment, stepping a bit closer as she does so. She moves to sit within the candles, rubbing her palms together slowly. \"About twenty years ago, there was this girl. Her dad was a federal judge, so she probably had it in her mind that she was gonna follow in his footsteps,\" Fox begins, she looks out into space a bit, \"So, she's home one Christmas, and her dad's on this big racketeering case. The defendants want to get a softer judge, one they can buy off. So they hire this guy, Max Petridge, get him to pay her father a visit.\" She looks at Wesley now; a cold, complacent look in her eyes that was not there before stares out into the candle-lit hall. She continues, \"And the way he pays people a visit is to break in and tie up there loved ones, and force them to watch while he burns his targets alive,\" she pauses as if hearing the muffled, high-pitched screams once again, \"And then he takes a wire hanger and twists it round and brands his initials into each one of them so they will never ever forget. \"After I was recruited into the Fraternity, I found out that Max Petridge's name had come up weeks before the federal judge was killed, and that a Fraternity member had failed to pull the trigger. We don't know how far the ripples of our decisions go. You kill one, and maybe, save a thousand. That's the code of the Fraternity. That's what we believe in, and that's why we do it.\" She stands slowly from her spot by the candles. The movement causes her hair to rustle and settle on one side, exposing her neck. Etched into the would-be seamless skin are two letters: MP. Wesley's blood runs cool with the realization. He watches her walk away, still envisioning the markings he saw on her retreating form. The questions in his mind changes then. No more does he wonder \"who was he?\". He wonders, instead, \"What has that bastard done?\" He knows after this there will be no going in back, no returning to the life he had before. Especially not after what he's about to do. He pulls his body up from the water, wrapping a towel around himself. He steps from the door and finds her learning against the wall opposite where he stands. \"So, when's the next time he'll be at the fifth window?\" Wesley asks. She does not grin, or smirk, but he knows she has to be pleased somewhere in her heart. He just doesn't know if the pleasure will be enough to wipe away the haunting ghosts he sees reflecting in her eyes. F I N R & R © Everything written above belongs to me (FF user, Paint Me a Symphony ). If somebody is out there pushing this as their own, they are lying. I may not own Wanted , or its characters, but I do sort of kind of own this.[Chapter 2] The Pack Story Title: The Pack Story Summary: Tales from within our favorite pack of wolves. Genre: General Chapter Focus: #342 of 1000, \"Her Name Was...\" Chapter Rating: T for brief mention of torture and being based on a movie with assassins. Word Count: (Count) Author's Starting Notes: I am back with the second one in my little collection. This one is actually all my own. I decided that this scene should have been in the movie. I got a little off topic if you look at my prompt, but whatever. Time Stamp: Posted December 31, 2008 II: Wesley, Get Your Gun The city lights burn bright against the dark night's sky. The ground and dirt is hard beneath the soles of their shoes. The conversation is light and unsatisfying. He longs for more out of her; more words, more interaction, more everything. He figures he will have to start with something small. \"So, what's your name?\" he questions. She quirks a thin eyebrow up at him, and continues walking. \"Fox,\" she answers automatically. \"No, your real name,\" he clarifies. \"It's not important to your training,\" she dismisses. \"I think it is,\" he argues. \"It's a good thing you're not the teacher here then, eh?\" Her comeback rolls off the tongue smooth enough, but he can detect a hint of hostility. With women, it always has been the little things that mean the most. A name is practically your entire identity captured and pulled together with one single word. To give your name is to share part of your life, your desires, your failures and your conquests, with someone else. Another thing with women -- he has learned -- is that not all of them enjoy sharing, especially the little things. His wandering gaze hones in on her neck, as they do so often these days. A thought comes to him. \"Your story, the little girl, what was her name?\" he asks, she narrows her suddenly frigid eyes, \"I seem to have forgotten.\" \"You didn't forget. I never told you. Names aren't so important to a story like that one,\" she responds fluidly. He knows he is getting to her though. He pushes on. \"Except for Max Petridge,\" he points out, \"The killer is always the important part. Certainly not the little girl forced to watch and hear her own father's death.\" Fox's face draws downward in a deep frown. She says nothing to him, does not even look his way. He takes the hint then, going silent. They get to the foot of his building. He opens the door and lets her go through first. As they climb the stairs, he decides they have had enough silence. \"Fox, I--\" \"Shut up,\" she orders, \"Say one more word, and I'll kill you myself. We'll find another way to get rid of Cross.\" \"I was just going to say that I should probably be in front,\" he lies quickly, \"They're more likely to let me in than you.\" He can practically see her roll her eyes from where he is behind her. Still, she steps to the side allowing him to pass in front of her. He pauses on the stairs at the top, turning towards her. She speaks before he gets the chance to. \"Wesley, get your gun,\" she commands, waving her hand to the side of the hallway. He sighs and turns. There is one other thing he knows about women. When they're done talking, they truly are done. © Everything written above belongs to me (FF user, Paint Me a Symphony ). If somebody is out there pushing this as their own, they are lying. I may not own Wanted , or its characters, but I do own this.[Chapter 3] The Pack Story Title: The Pack Story Summary: Tales from within our favorite pack of wolves. Genre: General Chapter Focus: #212 of 1,000 \"Don't Hold Back\" Chapter Rating: T Word Count: Over 150 Author's Starting Notes: I meant to post this one a while ago, but I forgot. So, here is the next one. This is the scene where Wesley's name is \"pulled\" from \"Fate's\" cloth. Posted: 7th of January 2009 III: Fate Intervenes Wesley turns from the room, death sentence in his hand, revenge and acceptance on his mind. Fox watches him leave. She forces her body stiff when a strange chill slithers down her back. She does not want him to go like this. She is positive that the second he confronts Cross, he'll be done for. Whether it be from the Fraternity, from life itself, or from her, she isn't sure; nor is she sure which is most unsettling. \"I don't think that's a good idea,\" she stresses. Her hands are tight around her midriff, holding herself together. Sloan grabs the papers on the desk, and hands them slowly to her. She looks down at the top page. Wesley Alan Gibson. Damn. \"Your next assignment,\" Sloan says. She stares mutely for quite some time. This cannot be real, cannot be serious. An assignment like this is more than just Fate stepping in and trying to stop some crime spree from starting, or keeping back another revenge-driven assassin. It's pure torture. Before she knows she is doing it, she is nodding. \"Fine, she mumbles. She turns to leave the room. He does not let her. \"Fox,\" Sloan calls, stopping her, \"You won't have much time. You must do it quickly and precisely. Don't hold back. We can't afford for something to go wrong.\" She nods again. \"I understand,\" she tells him. \"I don't think you do,\" he disagrees gravely. He turns to look at her, \"This is above and beyond what you've done before. You know his potential, and you know his weakness. You must do this.\" \"What gives you the thought that I won't?\" she asks. \"I know you. I've seen how you act when around him. You're different almost like you're--\" \"I'm not,\" she states, interrupting. She does not need to ask what he is thinking. It is clear as day on the older man's face everything he thinks about her. \"How can you be so sure?\" he questions. \"How can you?\" she retorts. \"Fate. There must be a reason you knew to step in and train him,\" Sloan says. \"No one else could have gotten job done,\" she says. \"They could have, just not with as little force as you used,\" he comments. \"Why use force when I don't have to? I save my aggression for my targets.\" \"Of that I do not doubt. But, I can't help but wonder if all your time together was simply preparing him, or if you were, instead, growing attached.\" Her nostrils flared warningly. \"No more in this case than any others I have trained,\" she insists. \"There is no need to get all fired up. It is not too surprising for an assassin like yourself to fall weak,\" he says. Her eyes narrow on him. \"'An assassin like yourself',\" she repeats, \"What the fuck does that mean?\" \"It means nothing but someone in the game for a while,\" he assures. \"Why do I get the feeling that had to do with me being female?\" she asks. \"Because, Kate, you doubt everyone around you from their guns to their motives. You don't fully listen, instead diving into the thrill and adventure the job entails. You never share your inner-fear and emotion out of a deficit created by your tragic past. The lapse of strength some twenty odd years ago makes you hunger for control. You seek it in plenty of ways, one of which is asking rhetorical questions to get the best of someone,\" replies Sloan. Fox's jaw tightens even further. She turns around, stalking towards the door full speed. \"I'll see you when Wesley's rotting in the ground,\" she snaps, \"And my name is Fox.\" The door slams shut behind her. Sloan leans gently back against the table behind him. He breathes out easily, and reaches for the paper just a bit away. He turns it round reading a very different name than the one he just passed on. He shakes off the feeling of uncertainty, tucking the paper away. It isn't wrong per say; just Fate intervening. © Everything written above belongs to me (FF user, Paint Me a Symphony ). If somebody is out there pushing this as their own, they are lying. I may not own Wanted , or its characters, but I do own this. ","Summary":" The Pack Story Title: The Pack Story Summary: Tales from within our favorite pack of wolves. Genre:"},{"Movie":"Wanted","Title":"Calibre","Author":"LadyChatonLa'mour","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6983962","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own the movie Wanted, or any of it's characters, only The Gymnast. Calibre It's almost insane how often Wesley got his ass kicked on a daily basis. The Repairman. The Butcher. Then Recovery. Then the same routine again. But today was different. Fox was quiet. Well, quieter than she usually was. She was sitting with him in Recovery. He'd just woken up. \"We have a surprise for you today.\" Wesley blinked, getting the last of the candle wax out of his eyes. \"I have a feeling it's not the kind of surprise I'll like.\" Fox smiled a little bit. \"Because it isn't. You have a new trainer. Get to the textiles in ten minutes and you'll meet her.\", she said simply. She stood and walked out, not waiting to hear his response. Wesley just merely sighed, sitting in the boiling water. Ten minutes. He was always a little bit early when it came to Fox. Mostly because, well, he didn't want to get his ass kicked more than was nessecary. Though she wasn't alone today. There was another woman with her, slightly shorter, and all he could see of her was the tan trench coat she had on and her black and blonde highlighted hair. Fox looked up and met his eyes, making a small motion with her hand to summon him. Wesley made his way over quietly, and nodded to his trainer. Fox gave a small smile. \"Wesley. This is your new teacher, The Gymnast.\" The woman turned around and now Wesley could see her. She was pretty, with sweet features. Her golden eyes had a thin outline of black eyeliner, pink cupid's bow lips and a tan complexion. The pale blonde highlights he'd seen from the back of her head were strategically placed yet somehow random. She was thin from what he could tell, and she came up to maybe his chin. This lady was going to train him? She gave him a smile, and offered her hand. \"Hi, Wesley. Don't worry, I'm not going to beat you too bad like the rest of these bullies do.\", she said with a voice like a light bell. The Gymnast looked back to Fox. \"So. Where's my room? This kid'll be fun to work with.\" Fox smiled her signature smile again, and motioned for them to come with her. Up the stairs to the top floor, where he could overlook the entire compound from just the window. The Gymnast liked what she saw up above their heads. Rafters. Lots of good points in this room. Fox took her usual seat in the corner to watch the festivites. \"Wesley,\" the Gymnast said, \"I've seen how you perform when fighting. I've heard from Fox that you are doing wonderfully. But you focus too much on avoiding being hit just by dodging. Well, I'm going to teach you something different. How to avoid attacks completely and come at your opponent without being seen. You have to be quiet. I know it's hard, I know. When your adrenaline is pounding it's hard to be quiet. But you'll learn. I'll teach you. By the end of it all, a falling leaf will make more noise than you. Being an assassin is about more than getting to your target to kill them. You also have to get away when everything's said and done. Please mind you this will only be if you HAVE to get close. Most jobs you can do from far away, but we all get the occasional job where we have to get close. It sucks.\" She sighed before tossing her trench coat to the corner of the room and taking off her shoes. She was wearing a small pair of black flats that led up to her leggings. A long red tank top covered her torso down to about the middle of her thighs. \"I'm going to teach you to use every part of the room EXCEPT the door to get out. We'll focus on that first, then eventually move on to using the room to attack.\" Wesley almost gulped, and did himself a favor by taking off his shoes and the oxford sweater he had on. He could see right then that he'd be sweating a lot and he did not want to get his father's sweater all nasty. This was going to be an interesting day. Almost three hours after his meeting with the Gymnast, Wesley was back in recovery. He sighed, letting the hot water and candle wax do it's thing for him. She'd been telling him the truth when she said she wouldn't beat him as bad as the others, but she had beat him. Mostly when he'd missed something incredibly simple, such as climbing on a desk to get to a rafter and out of her reach or using a coat rack to jump down onto the floor. He'd been surprised when she started throwing things at him, but she'd rationalized it by saying that someone in a panic would use whatever they had on hand as a weapon to keep him at bay if even for one or two more seconds. The dictionary had left a pretty little mark maybe half an inch from his temple. But he breathed deeply and relaxed for the time being before he was called to another fight or more training. \"Hey, Fox. Where's Cross? I havn't seen him since I got here and he's usually the first one to greet me.\" Fox stopped rubbing her gun and looked at her long-absent friend. \"Cross broke the code. He left. Killed another on his way out too.\" The Gymnast looked at her with raised brows, her gold eyes clearly confused. \"Well that doesn't make any sense.\", she muttered. Cross had never been one to do anything without good reason, let alone break code. No one broke code. She looked back down at Fox and sighed. \"Well. He was a great man. I feel sorry for whoever has to hunt him down. They've got a fight coming their way.\" \"That's why we brought you back,\" Fox said quietly. \"You're training the person we're getting to kill him.\" The Gymnast looked down again, but not so much in confusion this time as in shock. \"Wesley? No, that won't work. Fox, he's far too sweet-hearted to take Cross out. You'll get him killed.\" Fox blinked, deciding it would be best for her and Wesley to not know the truth just yet. \"No. He'll do it, and he'll succeed. Just watch.\" Her friend closed her eyes and shook her head. Now she didn't feel so good about training the kid. There was something they weren't telling her. She could tell that much.[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I do not own Wanted or any of it's characters, only the Gymnast. I am so excited by how many people have put this story on their alert list! I hope I don't dissapoint you guys! Calibre: Chapter 2 It was a new day and there were things to be done. But there were always things to be done, and it wouldn't hurt to leave them for a few more minutes. The Gymnast sighed as she sat on the roof of the compound, watching the sun rise above the dirty skyline of the city. Music blared in her ears, and her mind was racing a million miles a minute. Reflecting mostly on her newest student. Wesley was a sweet kid. She liked him already. Even bruised and bloodied, he was also not all that bad on the eyes. The sweat that had been clinging to his shirt only had given her an idea of what was underneath, but what had really captivated her attention were his eyes. They were the lovliest shade of green-blue, and it almost felt like she'd seen them before. His determination was something to truly be admired. He never gave up, even when the situation looked hopeless. He kept on fighting until told to do otherwise, and even then he was always the one to deliver the last blow. She looked down to her watch as it beeped. Five AM. She was just now supposed to be waking up, but that had been an impossibility as of late. She stood now, in the harsh orange sunlight, and dissapeared beneath the shadow of the building to the interior of her room. It looked just as it had after she cleaned it yesterday. Silently, she stepped out of the room, and made her way to Cross' room. That had been her second train of thought. She opened the door, expecting to find an empty room. What she found, however, had been quite the opposite. Wesley stood in the room in only a pair of black sweat pants, his hair and skin wet as if he had just come out of a shower. He looked over to her, confusion quite clearly written on his face. With a slight cough, she averted her eyes to his face instead of staring at his chisled torso. \"Good morning. Any reason you're in this room?\", she asked, her voice betraying her embarassment and, shamefully… her slight arousal. Wesley blinked and looked around for a moment before looking back at her. \"Yeah… this is my dad's room.\" Now it was her turn to be confused, but she shook it off. \"Oh. Alright. Well, come with me. We're going to get some good food in you before we start your training. You're mine today.\", she finished the sentence with a wink. The young man in front of her nodded, pulling on a low-necked blue sweater and following her out. He was wondering if she was going to change before they left. What she was wearing was slightly… innappropriate for the public eye. The Gymnast grinned, thinking the same thing. A pair of black boyshorts and a lavendar camisole was all she was wearing, with her wavy hair disarrayed by sleep and her face free of makeup. Everyone in the order had already seen her in worse condition when she was first initiated, but Wesley had been absent those four years ago. When they came to her room, she removed a small piece of pencil lead from the hinge of the door before going in and allowing him to enter. \"A security precaution. No one knows it's there, so if I come back and it's broken, I know someone's been in here.\" \"That's actually pretty clever.\", Wesley said with a grin. Security-prone, this girl was. He followed her in and sat in a chair as she went behind a screen by her bed. \"Black or white?\", she asked from behind it. He could clearly hear her opening and closing drawers. \"Umm… white.\", he decided randomly. \"So, Wesley. What was it like before you came to the order? What did you do?\" Wesley shifted in the chair as he looked around. \"I was an account manager for a big banking company. Cubicle, nine to five, horrible boss. Only good thing was that I got to work with my best friend.\" \"Well, at least that's a plus, right?\" \"Not really, seeing as how he was banging my girlfriend.\" The Gymnast shook her head, slipping on a pair of white shorts. \"People suck. I hope you dumped both of them.\" \"Really had no choice when I came here. But what about you? How long ago did you come in?\", he asked, turning his attention to a picture on her desk, a picture of her and Cross on the train he so often was dragged on by Fox. She paused, licking her lips and exhaling. \"I was a backup dancer for a friend of mine's band. She had a lot of talent, but the record label went to her head. She changed into a different person, a diva. So I said my goodbyes and moved to the city, looking to start over. I had a job at the local gymnastics studio making just enough to get by. An incident occurred in a back alley, and that's when Fox found me and brought me in. I went through the same training you did, and a little more that I had assigned myself. So usually when it comes to up-close and personal jobs, they come to me. I was on assignment in Cancun when I get the message: Get your ass back up here, we have a student for you.\" Wesley smiled slightly, and was tempted to ask what the incident that brought her here was, but he was unable because that's when she came out from behind the screen. The white shorts she had on were only slightly better than the underwear she'd been in earlier, and it revealed that her legs were just as tan as her face. One of the advantages of getting assigned to Cancun. The lower section of her abdomen showed in a white short-sleeved hoodie, and he could see the pink camisole peeking out from the edges of the hoodie. She'd thrown her hair up into a ponytail and put on a little eyeliner, but that was it. Pink and cork wedges adorned her feet, revealing the anklet tattoo she had on her right ankle. The charm was a small rose in front of a cross. \"So. Let's go get some food. The food here sucks. But, odd question, do you know your ex's usual route to work or whatever she does on Friday?\" Wesley blinked, nodding slightly. \"Y-yeah… why?\" She just grinned, putting on a pair of rimless D&G; sunglasses. \"You'll see. What kind of car do you like? Dodge, Chevy, vintage or new, that sort of thing.\" The young man smiled slightly, thinking of the Viper that Fox had brought him in. \"Definitely those new Camaros. They look really good.\" \"Specific color?\", she asked, pulling him to his feet. He thought for a moment, then his smile spread. \"Green. Poison Green.\" The Gymnast smiled broadly, looking at her watch. 5:45 with a half hour walk into the city. She chuckled, and offered her hand to him. \"Let's go get a Camaro then.\" Hope to see some reviews![Chapter 3] Disclaimer: I do not own Wanted or any of it's characters, only the Gymnast. Alright! Chapter 3! So excited! Thank you to all who read! I hope I don't let you down and you continue to enjoy! Calibre: Chapter 3 The walk into the city was pleasant, the air pleasantly dry compared to the uncomfortable humidity of the past week. The Chevy dealership on the outskirts of the city square was open early, and with some sweet words and \"accidental\" pen dropping, a car was lovingly borrowed to the nice couple who had come in early. Posion Green '09 Camaro, as promised. Theirs for two days. The Gymnast tossed the keys to Wesley, hopping in the passenger seat with one last wave to the salesman. Wesley couldn't keep the smile from his face as the V-8 SS purred beneath him, the steering responding obediently to his turns and the gas roaring when he needed it to do so. After around fifteen minutes of driving- and standing out in a crowd of white, silver, and black cars- they pulled into the parking lot of a Starbucks that was across the train stop. Wesley's teacher looked at him and smiled when she saw his happy expression. They didn't get to have much fun with their job, so these occasional days off were absolutely wonderful. Almost better than vacation. \"Careful, kiddo. Smile too much and your face might get stuck like that.\", she said with a laugh. \"Sorry,\" he said with a laugh of his own, \"This is just turning to be the best day I've had in a long time.\" \"Well, sweetheart, it's just getting started. Is this where your formers get off?\", she asked, taking a seat by the window. She'd taken to calling his ex and his former best friend his 'formers'. It was appropriately put. \"Yep, in about five minutes.\", he said, taking a seat across from her. The plan had been to show his ex just what she was missing, and his friend what he was capable of. \"But I have to ask. Why did you borrow the Camaro for two days instead of one?\" She took a sip from her coffee, and set it down, moving the glasses to her head. \"Because if I had gotten it for only one, we'd have to return it at 6 tonight. And we need something awesome to drive tonight. I told you, this day is only getting started.\" Five minutes passed easily before the train came to a loud, screeching stop across the tracks. At the moment, Wesley was making sure to follow his teacher's instruction to put some whipped cream from his drink on the corner of his mouth. When the moment came, about thirty seconds after his ex and friend got off the platform, she leaned forward and slowly licked it off, making sure to kiss his forehead before sitting back in the chair. Wesley's breath caught in his throat, having her that close to him. He could smell her perfume, feel the small brush of her bangs on his face, and not to mention view he got of her neck and shoulder. He could feel the blush creep to his face, his heart skip a beat, and his hand moving to her wrist as she moved back, interlacing his fingers with hers. He didn't even care about his ex's face, or Barry's for that matter. She gave him a little smile, nonchalantly waving to the two gawking pedestrians in the middle of the street who didn't even move until a car almost ran them over. When they were gone, the teacher and student finished their drinks, then headed out. \"Good performance, Wes! You should have seen their faces, it was priceless!\", she complimented as they got in the car. Wesley still didn't say anything, only started the car and let it rumble to life under his hand. \"So. Where to now?\", he asked, looking over to her as he rolled down the windows. She didn't even skip a beat. \"Shopping district. While I understand wanting to wear your father's clothes to feel closer to him, you need jeans. I can't even believe I let you out of the compound without a pair of jeans on.\" He just laughed, heading that direction. She was right, though, all he had were his father's clothes, consisting mainly of oxford shirts, sweaters, and slacks with dress shoes. But it wasn't like Fox had given him a chance to pack his running shoes before snatching him at the pharmacy. Meanwhile, The Gymnast sat quietly in her seat, thinking. She couldn't figure out why Wesley was put in Cross' room and told it was his father's. Cross didn't have a son, or at least he didn't to the best of her knowledge. They had told each other everything, becoming best friends quickly after her initiation. He was the only one in the order who knew her actual name. She was snapped out of her thoughts by Wesley calling her, possibly for the third or fourth time, and gently putting his hand on her shoulder. His hand was warm, a warmth that seemed to crawl into her flesh. She smiled at him though, apologizing for zoning out. \"Are you alright?\", Wesley asked, giving her a concerned face. She nodded again, setting a hand on his. \"Don't worry, sweetheart, I'm fine. I zone out sometimes.\" \"Alright, you just looked really serious…\", he said quietly. She just laughed again and rubbed his hand. \"I'm fine. Promise. Now come on, let's go shopping for you.\", she said, hopping out of the car and waving over to him to come into the store. He chuckled and got out, alarming the car, and followed her into the store. Four hours were spent shopping, and they made a break in the money spending- divided equally between both of them insisting to pay- to get lunch at a rooftop restaurant in the middle of the city. They'd successfully filled the car with bags of Wesley's new clothes (which isn't hard if you havn't seen the back seat of a Camaro. THERE IS NO SPACE.) They were playing Truth or Dare and it was Wesley's turn to ask. \"Truth.\", his teacher responded easily. \"How long did it take you to learn to curve bullets?\", he asked, taking a bite of a burger he'd ordered. She hesitated, licking her lips as she usually did when she was slightly nervous. \"I never did. I can't curve bullets. That's why I specialize in getting close. I can shoot straight, I'm a good shot, but I can't curve bullets.\" Wesley just looked at her for a moment. She smiled and shrugged it off, continuing as they ate and walked the rest of the day. At midnight, after refueling on coffee, they went to a nightclub called Purgatory that was having 'Angel Night', a night where all of it's patrons were to wear nothing but white. And after three hours of drinking, dancing, and having fun for the first time in days, Wesley was officially out of gas. The Gymnast was as well, and they drove carefully back home. She walked him to his room, and he just barely got his shoes and shirt off before falling asleep into bed. The woman beside him chuckled slightly and kissed his forehead. His breathing was even and his face was flushed from the exertion of the day. She looked at him for a minute longer before smoothing the hair back from his eyes. She leaned down to his ear and sighed quietly. \"Terra. My name is Terra. Goodnight, Wesley.\", she said with a smile. Terra was on her way out when Wesley let out a small laugh in his sleep. \"Goodnight, Terra.\" She smiled and shook her head before walking out, making sure to close his door. She'd hear about all this tomorrow, but she didn't really care. She got to know her student and have fun while doing it. And whether or not he'd remember in the morning, he was now the second person that knew her name. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own the movie Wanted, or any of it's characters, only The Gymnast. Calibre It'"},{"Movie":"Wanted","Title":"Enigma","Author":"KassandraScarlett","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12706870","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So, this is my first story for this section. I'm writing it because I want to take a break from the Twilight fic I'm doing. So, I hope you enjoy this. Disclaimer: I don't own Wanted or the characters in any way, except for the OC's. Prologue: The short lady towered over the stout woman in front of her in every way, but actual height. Sharp brown eyes darted around the room, noting everything and everyone. Long raven-black hair, with dark red highlights, was settled in a neat plait over her shoulder. Her chin was tilted up in a way that made her petite figure appear tall and stately. But there was a mischievous, yet lazy smile on her lips. There was no doubt about it: this girl was a puzzle to be solved. The other woman eyed her with distaste. The girl symbolised everything she wanted, but found impossible to have: natural beauty, an easy smile and an instantly likeable attitude. Trying to hide her envy, she gestured vaguely in the direction of the other employees, all of whom had noticed her by now and were staring at her very openly. \"Ask one of them to show you the ropes,\" she said and walked away. The girl looked around once. To her disappointment, though not surprise, every single man was staring at her with too much interest, and the women with clear disdain and disguised jealousy. Then, her eyes fell upon the slight figure of a man. He had been eyeing her as well, but unlike the others, he seemed… calmer. More sedate. Like he was simply curious rather than planning to ask her out. As soon as she caught his eye, he turned swiftly away, focussing on his computer with an intensity that was, well, odd, to say the least. Her mind made up, she walked over to his cubicle with sure steps, noting in relief that the cubicle next to his had her name on it. Coming up behind him, she tapped him lightly on the shoulder, startling him. He looked up at her with a confused expression. The girl observed him quietly for a few seconds: strong features, but an air of perpetual uncertainty, and a pair of the brightest blue eyes she had ever seen. With a self-assured smile, she extended a small hand. \"Mind showing me around the place?\" She asked, her British accent polished and quaint. He looked down at her hand and, after a split second of hesitation, shook it. \"Of course,\" he said. \"I'm Wesley Gibson.\" The girl's smile widened slightly, as she answered, \"Jewels Quinzel.\" I'll update the first chapter tomorrow. Till then, read and review, please.[Chapter 2] So, here's the first chapter. Hope you enjoy it. Ch. 1- Promised JPOV \"You know, she's cheating on you, right?\" I asked, incredulity obvious in my voice. \"They both are.\" Wesley didn't answer; he was completely focussed on the task at hand: paying for his pills. Exasperated, I snapped my fingers in front of his nose. \"Wes? You there?\" \"I know,\" was his short answer, before he began walking out. I rolled my eyes as I hurried to follow him. Wesley Gibson: accountant, has serious anxiety-issues, self-proclaimed loser and incidentally, my best friend of four years. \"Why don't you do something about it?\" I questioned, as I caught up to him. \"Why should I?\" He shot back. \"It's not like I actually love her, or even care about her.\" I sighed. \"If you don't care,\" I started patiently, though I was anything but, \"Then, why are you still with her?\" Since I knew what his answer would be. \"I don't like change,\" he shrugged. Yep, I knew it. \"Change is good!\" I stressed, then threw my arms up in mock annoyance. \"Honestly, how is someone as constant as you best friends with someone as spontaneous as me?\" I laughed. WPOV \"If you don't care, then why are you still with her?\" Jewels asked, even though we both knew she had already predicted my answer. But, I said it anyway. \"I don't like change.\" \"Change is good,\" she snapped, then finally let out a sound that was somewhere between a laugh and a groan, as she raised her arms to the dark sky. \"How is someone as constant as you best friends with someone as spontaneous as me?\" I could hear the joking undertone in her words, but still, my stomach dropped hearing them. \"I don't know,\" I answered her rhetorical question truthfully. Immediately, her arms dropped, her face darkened and her eyes narrowed. \"Because you're good,\" she said firmly. \"And that's enough for me.\" We had a silent stare down, until Jewels lowered her gaze and shook her head sadly. \"You'll never understand,\" she muttered, but she resumed walking and I followed. The rest of the walk was silent. As we reached the crossing, Jewels hailed a cab. \"Harry and I are going out tonight,\" she explained and I nodded. She and her boyfriend made it a point to go out once every week. Before she got in, she turned to look at me once, her red highlights blending in with her natural black hair. I waited for her to say something, but instead all she said was, \"Goodnight, Wesley.\" \"Goodnight, Jewels.\" Walking home alone, I thought about Jewels and Harry. I'd met him once: long, curly hair, green eyes, dimples and impeccable manners. He was a good guy, but, somehow, I didn't find him good enough for Jewels. Then again, I doubted anyone would ever be good enough for Jewels. The girl was a one-in-a-million and I knew I would be lost without her. As I prepared to face my so-called 'girlfriend', who, as Jewels had first informed me, was sleeping with Barry, I prayed that the day never arrived when she decided that being 'good' as she put it, wasn't enough. That I wasn't enough for her. Read and Review, please.[Chapter 3] Okay, here's the next chapter. Ch. 2- Changed JPOV I choked on my milk as my eyes focussed on the monochromatic picture, accompanied by a short article, on the front page of the newspaper. The article was about a gunfight that had broken out in the same convenience store that Wesley and I frequented. As Harry rushed over to rub my back, his green eyes concerned, I stared at the photo of the two suspects. The quality was very grainy and poor, but I could tell that the one was of a tall woman, with sharp features. As for the other one, I would recognise that face anywhere. How the hell had Wesley been involved in a front-page public scandal? It was alright for me; I actually had gotten into a cat-fight in a mall in London once. But, guns? No. And Wesley? Never in your wildest dreams. Suddenly worried for my friend, I practically inhaled the rest of my breakfast, ignoring my boyfriend's admonishing. Usually, his slow Cheshire accent soothed me, but not now. \"Sorry, Hazza, I've gotta go,\" I told him. He opened his mouth to protest, but stopped when I pointed at the newspaper. Pecking him on the lips, I ruffled his curly hair and rushed out, anxious to see Wesley. \"What the hell, Wesley?\" I hissed as soon as I spotted the back of his head bent over his computer. He swivelled around in his chair to face me and I found myself taking a step back. His face was brighter, his skin flushed, though there was no sign of any panic attack, and a general shine to his whole demeanour. The whole shift was actually very subtle, but I knew him too well to not see it. \"Wes, are you okay?\" I asked tentatively. His brow furrowed. \"Yeah, sure, why?\" I didn't answer, just stared at him incredulously. He seemed to understand and winced slightly. \"Yeah, I knew that would worry you,\" he muttered. \"It was nothing, really…\" \"Nothing?!\" I exclaimed, my voice screeching. Something was wrong with Wesley. \"I mean,\" he hurried to correct himself. \"I wasn't really involved. Fo- that other lady, she kind of grabbed me to use as a shield against the bullets. It probably looked like I was with her or something.\" The story was believable, but he still seemed too nonchalant about the whole situation. I resisted the urge to narrow my eyes at him. Instead, I cautiously pointed out, \"You seem a little different.\" He shrugged with a small smile. \"I feel a bit different,\" he agreed. \"But… that's okay, right?\" He asked, suddenly seeming unsure. \"You do say, 'change is good'.\" I returned the smile, though I was just as unsure. \"Change is good,\" I clarified and sat at my desk. But, as the knot of worry in my stomach grew, I didn't feel so sure anymore. WPOV As I left Barry bleeding on the floor and the whole office dumbfounded, I felt a sense of release. The only thing that stopped me from walking out immediately was Jewels. She'd returned from her phone call in time to have seen the whole thing and was now staring at me with a glimmer of something I had never seen in her eyes before: fear. Her features were nearly completely frozen; except her trembling lips and fingers. \"I'm sorry,\" I whispered, trying to shake off the regret in my chest. She shook her head almost imperceptibly. \"Don't,\" she begged in a murmur. \"I'm sorry,\" I repeated. Her eyes grew wide with betrayal and I couldn't take it anymore. I left the building, not stopping for anyone. I couldn't say I was surprised to see Fox waiting in a car. Seeing her brought the feeling of freedom back and, as I joined her in the car, pretending not to see the smug smirk on her lips, I forced the thought of Jewels and her disappointed, fearful face out of my mind. Any guesses, who Jewels' boyfriend is based on? Anyway, read and review, please.[Chapter 4] Sorry, for being MIA all the time, but 11th grade is tough and use of laptops and tablets have been banned in the house (the ban is solely for me). I got off on parole today on account of exceptionally good behaviour. This is the result. Enjoy. Ch. 3- Training WPOV Time seemed to flow differently once I started training. The endless bruises and cuts, the abusive lectures, the intense periods of gun practice and the countless times I ended up in the healing room; all of it mashed together, making the days blur together so I could barely think about anything except how I was going to survive the next day's session. My past life barely seemed real to me anymore; more like a distant dream, nightmare really, than anything else. Days passed by, turning into weeks. Before I knew it, three months had passed by and I was ready for my fourth hit. I had executed the last three perfectly, though I didn't count the one where I had chickened out at the last second. Fox's story had dissolved any last reservations I had harboured and it was safe to say that I was as ruthless as her now, enjoying the thrill of the chase and the kill. Which brings me to Fox. God, that woman was amazing. Although it was first just her unadulterated sex appeal that caught my attention, I could now say that there was a lot more to her than that. I had learnt to respect her more than any of the other people who had taken the role of my mentor in this place and her tragic backstory revealed her softer side, which she made an effort to hide, feeling it was a weakness. Though, I had a feeling she did have a soft spot for me. She was by me now, acting as my spotter while I waited patiently for my target to make an appearance. Sloan had been sending her with me to make sure that I was doing everything right, I suppose. I resented it a bit, but also welcomed the chance to spend extra time with her, even if we stayed silent nearly the whole time. The target walked out; a rapist who had a penchant for being especially cruel. I focused my aim on him, making sure that his walk was steady enough for me to lead for a bit, before taking the actual shot. Just as I was about to pull the trigger, the dark man bumped into a passer-by, causing her to drop her bag. As they both bent down to pick the stuff up, the girl's figure caught my eye: dainty and slim, black hair in a single plait. My heart began to beat a little faster as I spotted the familiar red highlights, then stopped entirely when she stood up, allowing me a look at her. She seemed to be thanking the man for his help and I realized that I couldn't kill him. Not in front of her, even though she wouldn't know it was me. The sight of his death would scar her badly. She wasn't, by any means, delicate. Still, I didn't want to take the risk. But, as she began to walk away, the man began discreetly following her and, as I realized what his intentions were, I didn't hesitate to take the shot. A part of me wanted to stay behind and watch for the girl's reaction, but I let Fox tear me away from the scene, already berating me for taking so long with the kill. Still, as we escaped the roof, I wondered if I simply imagined the shrill scream that stood out from the cacophony of shrieks. Jewels' scream. I hadn't checked my phone in three months I realised. It was dead and I waited anxiously for it to charge. Finally, the screen lit up and I resisted the urge to sigh in relief, instead concentrating on the task. To my not-so-surprise, I had over a hundred voicemail messages; each and every one of them from the same person. Guilt settled heavily in my stomach. I had completely forgotten about my best friend. Yes, my old life had sucked big-time, enough to sometimes make me think about taking the easy way out. The one thing that stopped me from doing so had been Jewels. She had kept me alive for four years and I had basically dropped her, after I left the office building months ago. Parts eager and anxious to hear her voice again, I pressed 'play', and regretted the last three months the instant I heard her first words. ' Wesley, look, I know I should have called you yesterday, but I was really angry and kind of… scared? Then you didn't come to work today, so I'm worried now, I guess. You don't have to tell me what happened, but if you want to… I'm here for you, yeah? Call me back.' She sounded so hesitant, unsure, nothing like the confident and self-assured girl I'd known. ' So, you never called back. I thought you were just angry with me for something or maybe just moping and needed your space. But, it's been a week and you still haven't made an appearance, by sight or sound. Where are you? Please call me. Or, just text me and tell me if you're okay. Please, I just want to know you're alright.' ' It's been almost three weeks, Wesley and I still haven't heard from you… Harry convinced me to file a missing-person's report today. I didn't want to… It made the whole thing seem so much real. That you really are in some kind of danger, or at the very least, not completely safe. Though I hope you are. Call me if you can, please?' ' It's been a month. I don't even know why I bother sending you all the messages anyway; it's not like you're getting them. I suppose I need to hang on to some piece of you and these voicemails are the only way to do that. And even if you were… I doubt you would listen to them, for some reason. I wish I'd been a better friend, Wes. I miss you.' ' So, umm, sorry I haven't called in some time, but I've been really busy at the office the last week. I'm trying to pick myself up, but it's hard, you know. Since, apart from Harry, you're pretty much the only family I have…' ' I'm thinking I should go to your house once and pick up that photo frame, I gifted you last year, remember? I don't want to leave it where your girlfriend can get to it. By the way, she's still sleeping with Barry. Sorry, but I still think you could do better than her. Those two are a perfect match anyway…' ' Harry says I should stop clinging on to your memory; that I should let you go. But, I can't. I really can't, or maybe I don't want to. I don't know. What do you think…?' ' It's been three months almost now. I miss you so bad, so, so bad. Where are you, Wesley? Come back, please. Please, I'm so sorry for whatever it is I did to lose you. You're my best friend and I need you with me.' The last message was from half an hour ago. 'I saw a man shot in front of me today. I'd bumped into him on the way home and he stopped to help me gather my stuff. I was walking away when he called out to me and when I turned… someone shot him. No one has any clue who did it, but the police later revealed he was a rapist. I don't know why but, it kind of drove a fact home in my mind: YOU ARE NOT COMING BACK. And… I realized there where so many things I should have told you. Do you remember how I used to say, 'change is good?' Well… you never needed to change. All I was ever trying was to make you more open, more comfortable with people, comfortable in your own skin, because I know you never were. But, maybe, I made you feel like I was trying to change you completely. I should have realized that and corrected you. I'm sorry I never did. I'm sorry I never told you how perfect you were and how much I needed you. I should have. But, it's too late and I'm scared that I'm starting to lose myself. You know… what I'm trying to say is… I think Harry's right. I should stop holding on to you so desperately. So, this is the last one, yeah? Yeah. So… bye, Wesley. I… I love you, 'kay? I'm probably never going to find a friend like you, but I'm hurting Harry by not moving on. So, bye. I'm going to miss you… Bye.' A deep breath escaped me as the message ended and I realised that I had probably just lost the only real friend I had ever made. By all accounts, I lost her three months ago, the day I turned my back to her and got into Fox's car willingly. But, she'd unknowingly stuck with me, holding out hope on me. Till now. Only, I'd never realized it. And I couldn't do a damn thing about it. There you go. Read and review, please. ","Summary":" So, this is my first story for this section. I'm writing it because I want to take a break from the"},{"Movie":"Hook","Title":"If Jack Didn't Go Back","Author":"BangarangLostGirl1991","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11353943","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Jack's POV The images of that day flood my head again. My dad coming back to fight as the Pan. I stood with Hook. I wanted to say something, to leave with my dad. But Hook scared me. He'd just killed someone, and I knew he'd kill me, too, if I went with my dad. Peter Pan was a great sword fighter, but how could I be saved by a guy in tights? In the end, my fear outweighed my courage and I ended up on the losing end of this battle. After Hook died, I was held back by pirates. When I finally managed to escape them, I raced to find my dad and leave with him. Surely he wouldn't leave me behind, right? After all, a few minutes ago, he'd told he I was his happy thought. But by the time I got there, the Lost Boys were waving good-bye and he was flying away. I'd been forgotten. So here I sat, in Hook's old bedroom, which soon became mine after the pirates figured out how to function without their so-called 'great and powerful leader.' I looked out onto the ocean and wondered if my family got a similar view. Did they move out of our apartment in New York to a beach house with the view of a sparkling ocean? Probably. After all, things are much easier to afford with only one child. Which is another thing I regret about staying here. I'll never get to see Maggie, old and grown up. I'll never get to see her graduate high school or college or get married or have kids. She'll always be frozen in my mind as the little, seven year old girl, yelling, \"Think of a way to run home, Jack, run home!\" And my poor mother, probably worried sick about where I am and what I'm doing. She was always like that. And baseball! I'd miss that the most. I couldn't play anymore. Drusilla burned my ball. She told me that it was a link to the other world. \"I can't go back there, and if I'm stuck here, you are, too!\" she said as I watched my ball burn. Drusilla, Hook's old girlfriend (if you'd even call her that), kinda took charge of the pirates after Hook died and Smee abandoned us. At first, the pirates thought I should be the leader, but Drusilla said I couldn't because I'm a kid. \"We might as well put a dirty Lost Boy in charge, then!\" she shouted, and eventually, she became Captain Drusilla. I had no idea how much time had passed in the Main Land, where my family is, but it had been at least three weeks in Neverland. I felt kinda misplaced here, surrounded by adults. At least I didn't have to go to school anymore. \"Jaaaaaack!\" My only friend, Brynn, sing-songed into my room. She paused when she saw me looking out the window. \"Oh, no. Are you feeling sad again?\" she asked. She was about my age with blonde hair and blue eyes. \"A little,\" I said. \"You know what happens when you think about your family,\" she said. \"I know, I know. I just miss them so much,\" I told her. \"Do you miss your family?\" \"No,\" she said firmly. \"But that's for a different reason.\" \"Please take me back!\" I said. It felt like I'd been here for months. I just wanted my mom to hug me and Maggie to tell one of her stupid jokes that were only funny to her so that I could pretend to laugh and my dad would be Peter Pan and we'd all be a perfect family. Brynn first came to Neverland as a Lost Girl, but Drusilla, seeing Brynn's intelligence and physical ability to fight, kidnapped her and adopted her. Drusilla said if Brynn went back to the Lost Boys, the whole hideout would be burned down and the boys would be killed. Brynn didn't want to put the boys in danger, so the stayed here. She had connections to the fairies, so she could take me back. \"I can't!\" she said. \"When Drusilla notices you are gone, she'll kidnap you and your sister again.\" \"Then my dad will just come back and fight her,\" I said. \"Jack,\" she said. I was quiet. I knew it was much harder than that. Before Drusilla could even kidnap us again, Brynn and the lost boys would be killed. My dad would come back with no army to fight with him. He'd be alone. By going back, I'd put my family in danger. I knew I couldn't do it, no matter how much I wanted to. Maggie's POV It's been a month since we've came back from Neverland. Mommy and daddy argue every night. I miss Jack. I wish he would come back. I go into his room sometimes, even though he's told me not to. I just like to hold his baseball bats and stuff. He said he'd teach me how to play baseball someday. \"Peter, he's our son! You go get him!\" Mommy would say. They'd fight in the living room and I'd sit on the stairs and listen. \"He betrayed me! And what makes you think he'd even want to come back, anyway!?\" Daddy would say back. \"How can I even go back without fairydust?\" \"I don't care if you have to die and come back to life! You are getting our son back!\" One night, after a few weeks of this, as I was falling asleep, I heard a voice calling my name. \"Maggie! Maggie!\" I thought it was just the wind at first, so I ignored it, but it kept going. \"Maggie!\" I sat up. \"What?\" I asked, still sleepy. I opened my eyes and saw a tiny fairy. \"Tink!\" \"Shh! Don't wake your parents. I'm here about Jack,\" she said. \"I have a friend that told me that he wants to come back, but he can't. He doesn't want to cause trouble for the whole family.\" \"But we need him! We aren't a whole family without him,\" I said. She smiled. \"I'll figure something out, but I might need your help. This won't be forever. I promise,\" she said, then quickly flitted out my window as my bedroom door opened. \"Maggie? What's wrong?\" Mommy asked, stepping into my room and seeing me awake. \"Nothing, mommy,\" I said, smiling at my open window.[Chapter 2] Brynn's POV After leaving Jack's bedroom, I feel disgusted with myself. If I were really his friend, I'd take him back to his family, no matter what the consequences would be for me. I punished myself by sitting in my room until dark. By then, all of the pirates are either partying or trailing around, drunk. Jack and I usually stay in our rooms, as we are only kids and can't drink. If nothing changes, we'll never be able to. Drusilla is usually in the VIP section of the bar by now, so I run deep into the woods. I don't dare go back to the Lost Boy's hideout after what happened the last time they saw me. They wouldn't want to see me ever again. I take out a small pouch, containing my fairydust and sprinkle some on me. I float into the air and fly toward Earth. Once I get there, I already know where to go. I've done this many times with Tink, so I can do it by myself now. I fly to New York, where the Bannings' live. It's just before dawn here, so no one came see me flying around. Once I get to Jack's apartment, I look through Peter and Moira's window. I see them sleeping next to each other. They seem happy. How can they be so happy without Jack? Next, I go to little Maggie's room. Something is different now. Her window is open. It never has been open before. I land quietly inside and look around. I see pink everywhere. Pink walls, rug, bedspread, bureaus. ' If I had a life like this, I never would've had a reason to leave for Neverland in the first place, ' I thought. I noticed a small picture in a pink frame on her nightstand. I picked it up. 'Greetings,' it read. 'From Niagara Falls!' The picture was of the whole Banning family standing in front of the waterfall. As I was putting the picture down, a horrible noise filled the room. It sounded like beeping. Maggie sat up and hit a button on what I now saw was an alarm clock. I tried to fly away before she saw me, but I was frozen in fear. \"Please don't scream!\" I said. Her eyes widened, but she didn't look scared. \"I knew it!\" she said. \"I knew it, I knew it, I knew it!\" She ran over and hugged me. \"Huh?\" I said, taken aback in this ironic situation. \"You're here! You're an angel, here to help me get my big brother back!\" \"No, Maggie, I-\" \"Well, what are we waiting for! Let's go get 'em!\" she exclaimed, pulling me towards the window. I tried to stop her, but she jumped out the window too fast. What kind of kid just jumps out a window!? I could've been a burglar or something, and she just jumped out the freaking window! I should note her enthusiasm, though. I threw a huge ball of fairydust at her before she could plummet four stories to her doom. She giggled. \"Okay, okay, Maggie, you've had your fun, now get back in here before your parents come in and see you hovering outside your window,\" I said. She shook her head and flew off. The sun was now coming up, and I had to fly through upstate New York to catch this kid before her parents notice she's missing and get back to Neverland before Drusilla notices I'm missing! Maggie's POV I finally made it to Neverland and was running through the hallways of the Jolly Rodger, trying to find my brother and avoid the stupid angel who was trying to take me back home for some reason. Man, she was turning out to be annoying. But, she was also slow, which is why I could outrun her for so long. Eventually, my small legs started growing weak and it was harder to keep my distance from her. She was about to catch me when I thought fast, ran into a room and slammed the door. \"Phew,\" I said. I soon noticed that she room wasn't empty. I heard blankets rustling and suddenly, a light turned on. \"Maggie?\" \"Jack!\" A/N: What are the odds, am I right? Don't worry. These were just the intro chapters. The rest will be extremely long and I'll update more! Thanks for reading! ","Summary":" Jack's POV The images of that day flood my head again. My dad coming back to fight as the Pan. I st"},{"Movie":"Hook","Title":"Peter Pan's my Foster Dad","Author":"bellemon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9940580","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Minni, what were you thinking?\" Peter asked, looking at his adoptive daughter, who was sitting on the other side of his desk. Her wavy black hair, streaked with red, blanketed her shoulders and her full fringe hung over her forehead. She held an ice pack up to her swollen bottom lip. Min Jee rolled her eyes, which were outlined and flicked with a layer of black eyeliner They were highly color-deceiving, masked with icy blue contacts. \"My name is not Minni.\" \"Fine. Minzy.\" Replied her father. \"It isn't Minzy either,\" she growled. Peter huffed. \"Minzy Bannings I will not tolerate your back talk! Why the hell did you get into that fight?\" The fight had happened on the night of Maggie's school play. Min Jee had bumped into one of the performer's older brothers, a boy that was around seventeen, which was three years older than her, and he had been incredibly rude about it. It had started off as a minor argument and escalated into a full-scale fist-fight. She had escaped with a split lip, a few bruises and a busted up leg. The boy wasn't so lucky. Though seventeen, he was a bit scrawny. And small. And very, very unfit. After years of getting into all sorts of fights, attending countless martial arts lessons and going through an unfathomable amount of self-defense courses, Min Jee was pro. The boy had ended up with a black eye, a broken nose, a broken finger and a fractured collarbone. The Bannings family were lucky his parents were Christian. \"I won't tolerate your yelling. It irritates me,\" she said. Peter threw his head into his hands. \"You know, it really pisses me off that you pulled this stunt the day before our flight to London, Chi-Chi-\" \"My name is Min Jee, for God Sakes, get it right!\" She snapped, almost throwing her ice pack down. \"If I had known you would grow up to be this, I would never have adopted you!\" Min Jee's eyes widened. For a second her stiff mask of no emotions dropped and she looked genuinely hurt. Peter's mouth dropped open when he realized what he'd said, and he would have eaten the ice pack Min Jee threw at him if he hadn't started to ramble an apology. \"Screw this.\" She stood up and kicked the desk, making Peter and the contents of it jump. \"Screw you,\" she growled Turning around, she pushed the chair she had been sitting on a few seconds ago down. \"Minzy, get back here!\" Peter yelled. She kicked the door open, revealing Maggie, Jack and their mother in quite comical positions. Jack and Maggie stared up at her, crouched on the ground besides the door frame, while their mother sat a few feet away, as if she had been leaning on the door a few seconds before Minjee kicked it open. Minjee glared at them and stormed off. \"Something tells me this vacation is gonna be very eventful,\" muttered Peter, head in his hands. (/:) \"Hello everyone this is your Captain speaking,sit back, relax and enjoy the remainder of the flight.\" Min Jee rolled her eyes, which now sported green contacts. She wore a black tank top, a leather jacket, a short pleated skirt, black fingerless gloves and black converse boots. Clipped into her hair was a big red rose, which was the work of her mother, who was trying to make her look 'more pleasant'. She had also straightened her hair. \"Yeah. Because this turbulence is really helping,\" she said sarcastically. The person beside her, a man that looked Japanese, gave her a funny look. \"What?!\" She snapped, turning away from the window to look at him. He shrunk back into his seat. \"Minzy, stop being so rude,\" Peter said in a measured tone. After the incident the day before, he tried to be a bit more patient with her. Not that it was working. He sat behind her, clutching the arm rests and closing his eyes tightly. \"He was staring at me!\" She snapped. Her mother, who was on the other side of the man, face palmed. Before Peter could reply, Maggie, who sat between her father and Jack, spoke. \"Daddy, daddy, look at what Jack drew!\" Maggie yelled. Min Jee was tempted to grab the Japanese guy's drink and throw it at her sister. Her squeaky voice irritated her beyond relief. Maggie showed Peter her drawing. \"That's nice dear. What is it?\" He asked. \"Fire.\" \"Fire? That's lov- oh dear is that our plane?\" Min Jee dropped the idea of throwing the guy's drink at her sister and almost fell out of her chair. That was too funny. \"Yeah!\" Min Jee suppressed laughter as she tucked her head between the space in between her and the Japanese man's chair to watch the show. \"And -ermm- who are those people, dear?\" He gestured to the group of stick figures floating down on parachutes. \"That's me, that's Jack, that's mom and that's Minjee! Can't you see her hair?\" Peter glared at Min Jee. Her hair was still a sore subject. The streaks were an act that had her grounded from allowance. Minjee chose that exact moment to speak. Ever since she found out that they would be taking a plane to England, she'd been reading up on plane crashes. \"You know, Mags, that reminds me of an incident in 19-\" \"Minjee, please, \" Peter hissed through his teeth. \"No more plane crash information.\" Minjee grinned devilishly as Peter looked back to the picture. Score. \"Hold on...where's my parachute?\" He asked. Moira looked back. \"You're not going to die without your phone and fax machine.\" \"I'm halfway there. I've got my phone in my briefcase.\" Moira ignored the comment and looked at Jack. \"You should talk to him.\" Jack, who sat directly behind Min Jee looked downcast. Min Jee knew the feeling well. Her dad had come to none of her archery tournaments, which really sucked. He didn't even know she took martial arts, gymnastics and self defense classes. Despite this, she couldn't help but feel like her brother was being a bit dramatic. If Min Jee sulked after her dad missed something of importance for her, he would just tell her to grow up. She watched as Jack bounced the ball up and made those air-face mask things drop down from the ceiling. She turned back to the front, suppressing laughter. This was gonna be an amusing vacation. (/:) \"Minzy-\" \"-It's Min Jee!\" Min Jee snapped. They stood on the front steps of Wendy's house. Peter ignored the interruption and carried on. \"What did I tell you about your clothes?\" He glared at a passing man who had just wolf-whistled at her. Minjee rolled her eyes. \"You told me to be more modest. Aka look like a boring stick-up-the-ass,\" she replied. \"Minjee, watch your language!\" Moira scolded. \"Didn't seem to mind Yesterday,\" she muttered. Moira ignored her. \"And what about that eyeliner? Minzy-\" \"It's Minjee!\" She snapped. \"-I told you to take it off!\" Minjee rolled her eyes. \"Whatever!\" \"Listen, I want you all on your best behaviors,\" Peter said, \"Minzy-\" \"IT'S MINJEE!\" Minjee yelled, waving her arms around as if she was trying to call a ship. \"-I want you to act...pleasant. No fighting. No violence. No swearing. Not even in Korean!\" \"Minjee? Pleasant?\" Jack laughed. \"As if!\" Minjee glared. \"Come here you little-\" Moira held her back. \"Jack, spit that gum out. Where did you get that from?\" Asked Peter. Jack pointed at Minjee. \"She sold me a stick of gum for ten dollars.\" \"Minzy!\" \"Jack!\" Minjee yelled. \"You promised not to tell!\" \"Yeah, well dad promised to come to my baseball tournament, but he didn't come!\" Moira face palmed. \"Okay, when you meet grandma Wendy, you be polite.\" He stared pointedly at Minjee. \"No cutting her off. Or rolling your eyes.\" Minjee rolled her eyes. \"Mommy is Grandma Wendy the same Wendy from the play?\" Asked Maggie innocently \"Of course it is, Maggie,\" Minjee replied in a sickly sweet voice and gestured to herself. \"And I'm Cinderella, by the way.\" Peter glared at Minjee. \"Stop being sarcastic,\" he looked at Maggie, \"No, she isn't.\" \"Actually, she kind of is,\" Moira pointed out. Peter ignored Moira and turned to the door. \"Remember, we are in England. Land of good- Minzy, stop strangling your brother!\" Minjee took her brother out of the headlock she held him in and awkwardly shuffled away. Peter huffed. \"We are in the land of good manners. Got it?\" \"Got it!\"Three voices chorused back. Peter nodded and bonked the door knocker on the door thrice. Silence. Suddenly, the door was thrown open. \"Uncle Toodles!\" Exclaimed Peter, walking towards him with his arms spread out for a hug. \"It's snowing!\" The door slammed shut, narrowly missing Peter's nose. Jack started laughing, but unfortunately began choking on his gum. Minjee pounded his back forcefully. Again, the door was thrown open. \"AGGHH!\" Minjee and her siblings covered their ears as they were greeted by screaming. \"Hello, Ermmm..Li-Libby? Wait no, I'm sure it was Linda...\" Peter clicked his fingers, to which Minjee face palmed. \"No, it was Lisa!\" \"Liza, dear!\" Liza corrected cheerfully. Minjee wondered how she could be so cheerful every second of the day. \"Oh dear, you two must be Maggie and Jack! And Minzy, I remember you! How long has it been? Ten years since they adopted you, isn't it! My, my Minzy, you were only-\" Minjee huffed in annoyance and pushed past the maid before she could finish her sentence. She was officially pissed off at her English name. Her name was Minjee. Not Minzy. Not Chi-Chi. Minjee. That was her Korean name. Her real name. The only connection she had to her missing parents. Minzy sounded stupid in comparison. She took her shoes off at the door, a die-hard Korean tradition she couldn't get rid of, and dragged her suitcase to the living room. She plopped down on the couch, leaving her suitcase at the living room doorway. \"Minzy!\" Called her father, \"get back here right now!\" Minjee rolled her eyes and stared at the Christmas tree as Jack and Maggie ran in. \"You are so in trouble!\" Yelled Jack. Him and Maggie began to run around and play. Minjee could hear her dad's ominous footsteps approaching. She braced herself for the lecture of a life time as one of his feet peaked into the door, when suddenly- \"Oh Wendy!\" The foot disappeared and she heard her dad walking away. She sighed in relief. \"It's been so long since we last visited!\" \"Ten years, Peter! And that was when you adopted Minjee! Where is she, by the way?\" Minjee swore in Korean under her breath. Now she had to come out. Wendy may have been her favorite person in this family, but she had some really bad timing. \"Minjee, you are so in for it now!\" Jack yelled as he passed by her. Minjee had half a mind to gouge his eyes out with her rose pin, but the other half had at least some self-control. She stepped out into the hallway. With her socks and the carpet, she really felt like zapping her dad, but she didn't. \"Oh, dear! How my Minjee has grown!\" Wendy said. She hugged Minjee. Peter huffed. \"Yup. She's a teenager now.\" Translation: Minjee's a big troublemaker and she dresses like a biker these days. \"Annyeong, Halmeoni,\" Minjee greeted, with real emotion. (translation: Hello, Grandmother) She hugged Wendy back. \"My, my, child you are even wearing makeup! And this skirt!\" Wendy said, pulling away from the hug. Peter looked at Minjee pointedly, until Wendy said \"Oh, I remember when I wore skirts like that!\" She swung her hips a little. \"When I was young. Ooh, it was wonderful!\" Minjee smirked at her dad, who gave her a ' We-are-so-talking-about-this- later' look. And then, Jack and Maggie ran out into the hallway. \"Oh, and this must be Jack and Maggie!\" \"Grandma Wendy! I played you in my school play!\" Maggie exclaimed. \"Oh, dear you look the part!\" Wendy replied, hugging Maggie. After greeting Jack, she took on a serious tone. \"Now, I insist that there is one rule that must be obeyed while you're in my house,\" she paused, letting her words hang in the air. Wendy had a knack for making good suspense. She was, after all, a storyteller. \"No growing up. Stop,this very instant!\" She said, shattering the suspense. Jack and Maggie giggled, and even Minjee smiled slightly. \"And that includes you Mr Chairman-of-the Board Banning\" she shot a stern glare at Peter. \"Sorry,Gran, it's too late,\" Peter apologized, chuckling. \"And what is so terribly important about your terribly important business?\" Wendy asked. Jack decided this was his scene. \"Well,you see...when a big company is in trouble, Dad sails in and if there's ANY resistance-\" Peter swooped in, cutting him off, and attempted to explain what really happened. \"Well, he's exaggerating, of course,\" Peter said. Jack cut him off again, adding his most favorite line. \"Any resistance!And he BLOWS them right out of the water!\" Minjee rolled her eyes, and walked back to the living room, but still heard her Grandmother's last line. \"My, my Peter you've become a Pirate...\" (/:) \"PETER, DARLING!\" Yelled a voice.\"BRAD'S CALLING!\" It was the day after they arrived. Minjee sat on her bed, today wearing purple contacts. She could hear her mother calling for her dad through her headphones, which meant a lot. She slid the headphones down so they rested around her neck. Today, she had changed into a more modest set of clothing. A black Big Bang tee-shirt, black socks and a pair of jogging pants. Rolling her eyes, she rushed down the stairs to see the commotion. She came in time to see her mother handing her dad the phone. The kids, seemingly attracted to the opportunity for trouble, ran in. Minjee plopped down on the couch, pulled her head phones over her ears and scrolled through her iPod, stopping to type every once in a while. Jack and Maggie made shooting sounds and played with the furniture, until- \"SHUT UP! I AM ON THE PHONE CALL OF MY LIFE HERE!\" He yelled. Even Minjee could hear him through her head phones. \"I'm sorry!\" Exclaimed Jack \"Minzy, please. Get them out of here!\" Minjee rolled her eyes. Her dad could get really cranky sometimes. She pulled her headphones down and around her neck and helped her mom herd the kids out the door. Wendy was waiting, a concerned look in her eye. \"I'll talk to him,\" she whispered, loud enough for only Minjee and Wendy to hear. They nodded and took the kids away. \"Come, come\" Said Wendy. \"I'll show you the very place where me and your father gazed upon the stars.\" \"Hey, I'm just going to...go to bed,\" lied Minjee. As if. They had passed by a club the night before, and Minjee had not neglected to bring her fake ID. Why would she miss out on the many wonders of England? \"Are you sure, dear?\" Asked Wendy. There was a knowing look on her face. Minjee nodded. She was a good -no, an excellent- liar, but Wendy was not one to cross swords with. \"Yes, I promise,\" she replied. But as she walked down the hall, towards her room, she could only think about how that was what her father said to Jack every time he promised to come to a baseball game. And we all know how that worked out. (/:) \"I should have waited for that deal to be over,\" Peter said, shaking his head as Moira walked in. \"I have to go back.\" \"Peter, you promised your kids some real time here,\" Moira replied. \"What are you talking about? We've only been here for a few days.\" \"How many more broken promises, Peter?\" Peter lowered his head in shame. \"Moira, I-\" He was cut off by a familiar ringing sound. Moira looked down at her husband, an eyebrow arched. His hand inched towards the device. \"Listen, Moira. I have to take the call. It's Brad. I really need to fix this,\" he mumbled, picking up the phone. \"No, you don't. Peter, you need to fix your family, first,\" she replied, voice stern. Peter hesitated, then pressed the answer button. \"Hello? Brad, I-\" He was cut off when Moira snatched the phone away. Before he or she knew what she was doing, the poor brick was flying out the window. Peter looked out the window. He chuckled. \"Did you just- Moira-\" He stood up and ran to the window. \"I have to get that.\" \"No, Peter, listen to me first!\" Moira sighed and leaned on the window. \"We have a few special years with our children, Peter. Only a few. While they still care about what we think. How old is Minjee, Peter? Why do you think she turned out so screwed up? She wanted your attention. Now, look at her! Did you know she takes archery?\" \"I-I-\" Peter stuttered. It was obvious he didn't. \"No, you don't, do you?!\" She cut him off. \"Do you want Jack and Maggie to end up like that? Not caring if you come to their school play, or their important end-of-the-season baseball game?\" She sighed and looked at her husband. \"A few years. A few special years. And then we'll be chasing them for a bit of attention.\" She turned and left the room. (/:) Minjee suited up for the best English party of her life. She heard they were wild around here. She dressed in a pleated back skirt, her netted fingerless gloves, a white tank top and a leather jacket. She did a quick hair curling, slid on her black laced heels and fish net stockings and shouldered her bag, which held her pencil and liquid eyeliner, an extra set of clothes, a fraction of her assortment of eye contacts and her converse shoes. She fit on her dark shades, slid her black rose headband on and unhooked the window. Before she left, she locked the door, just as a precaution. She put her hand on the railing, smiling at her excellent plan, and jumped over the side. It wasn't an elegant landing in the snow, but it was a lot better than the fate that would befall her, had she stayed.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: The Second Star to the Right The first indication that something bad had happened: the door was wide open. The second: there was broken glass everywhere. The third: Jack and Maggie were gone. And there was a note stuck on the door with a knife, which didn't make things better, either. \"Dear Peter, your presence is required by the request of your children,\" Peter read the note aloud. \"Kindest personal regards, Jas. Hook, Captain.\" Moira put her head in her hands. Peter examined the knife. And then- \"Minjee!\" Wendy yelled, \"Do you think they took her?\" Peter and Moira straightened up and looked at each other. There was only one way to find out. Peter and Moira ran to the door at the end of the hall, and began to rattle the door knob desperately. \"Minjee! Minjee, are you there?!\" Moira yelled. They began to bang on the door. It was hopeless. She wasn't there. Wendy came along, a set of keys in her hand, and gently pushed the hysterical parents out of the way. She slid the key into the lock and opened the door. They were horrified to find the room empty. The window open. The bed messed up. It was a truly saddening sight. Peter and Moira sat on the bed, crying their eyes out. Wendy leaned against the door frame, head in her hands. \"I shouldn't have said that to her,\" said Peter, \"I really shouldn't have said that to her.\" Moira patted him on the back, but it was a bit hard to console him when she was crying so hard themselves. Fourteen. She was only fourteen. Perhaps it wasn't such a good idea to climb in through the window at that moment. Her eyes widened. Her hair was messed up, her eyeliner smudged and she smelled deeply of alcohol. \"Hello?\" She asked. \"Minjee, where have you been? Why do you smell like - you haven't been drinking, have you?\" Peter asked. \"I -erm- actually...\" Minjee scratched her head. Actually, someone had spilled alcohol on her. \"What the hell are you doing in my room?\" She asked, changing the subject. \"Don't you dare change the subject, young lady! You are in so much-\" He was cut off by Toodles, who they hadn't noticed standing by the door next to Wendy. \"Have to fly. Have to fight. Have to crow. Have to save Maggie,have to save Jack...Hook is back...\" He said, awfully ominously. Minjee took it upon herself to use this as a distraction. \"Hook? Oh dear, that sounds bad. Why don't you guys skidaddle to find Hook, and I'll...errrmm...go to bed?\" Peter glared at her. \"This is not over, missy,\" he growled. Minjee sat at the foot of Wendy's bed as Peter paced around. After the clubbing incident, her dad had sent her to get dressed in proper attire and told her she was to sleep with Wendy, so nothing of the sort happened again. Her hair was damp from the shower she had taken, and it flowed down her back in a glossy wave. She was wearing black pajamas. Of course, Minjee wasn't done with her night out. The exact opposite, in fact. She had only come back to plug in her iPod (which she had done) so all she needed to think of now was another escape route. \"There's nothing we can do except wait for the police-\" Peter grumbled. \"The police can do nothing,\"Wendy cut him off. \"Then we can call the American police!\" Peter exclaimed. Minjee rolled her eyes. \"Minus well call the Korean police, while we're at it. Because they really will be willing to travel halfway around the world to deal with a guy who doesn't even-\" \"Minjee, this isn't the time,\" Wendy cut her off calmly. \"Do you know what I prefer to do in a disastrous time like this? I prefer to drink tea. Moira, wouldn't you?\" Moira nodded and slid out of bed. \"I'll go too, Moira.\" \"I'll go too, mom.\" Minjee and Peter's heads snapped round to look at each other \"No, Peter. You should stay here. I need to chat. You too, Minjee.\" Minjee sat back down. \"Peter, please pass my book.\" Minjee stared out the window, thinking more about escape routes as Peter and Wendy discussed boring things like Peter's past. \"MOIRA!\" Yelled Peter. Minjee jumped and was pulled out of he thoughts. \"Gran, you stay here. Minjee, look after her. I'll go get Moira.\" \"Peter, I TRIED to tell you so many times!\" \"The tea should be done by now!\" Peter began to walk towards the door. \"I knew you had forgotten!\" Wendy exclaimed. \"Now I must tell you, Peter.\" \"What?\" he asked. \"The stories are true.\" Wendy spoke slowly, as if Peter was a young child learning the alphabet. \"Moira!\" Peter yelled again. \"I swear to you! I swear to you on everything I adore! And now he's come back to seek his revenge. The fight isn't over for Captain James Hook. He wants you back. He knows that you'll follow Jack and Maggie to the ends of the earth and beyond. And by heavens, you must find a way!\" she took a deep breath,\"Only you can save your children. Somehow, you must go back. Somehow, you must remember.\" She paused. \"And if you can't, you must make yourself remember.\" \"Remember...what?\" Peter asked. He looked uncertain. \"Don't you know who you are, Peter?\" He stayed silent. Wendy sighed and opened the book. Slowly, she turned it around and showed them the picture that was on the page. Minjee leaned in to look at it, and Peter shuffled over to do so as well. \"Isn't that...?\" Minjee trailed off. Believe it or not, Minjee once heard and believed in those stories. \"It is, child,\" Wendy nodded. \"Peter Pan.\" Minjee looked at her father, expecting a reaction. He shook his head, slowly backing away, and stumbled out of the room, passing Moira on the way out. \"Errrmm...tea is here?\" Minjee took a deep breath and slowly crept over to her room. She was so going to sneak out again. Wendy was asleep. Now, all she had to was get ready again. She slowly shut her room door behind her and turned on the light. She put her iPod into her bag, applied eyeliner, put in a pair of red contacts and dressed up in her pleated black skirt, a black tank top, black heels and her favorite leather fingerless gloves. For a second she contemplated her leather jacket. She decided to bring it and shoved it into her bag. Her hair was wavy from her shower, so she decided to just leave it that way. She took a deep breath and unhooked the window, when suddenly- \"Agh!\" She was tackled by a white blanket. A very familiar white blanket. Being held by a very familiar golden light. She fell to the ground, and the blanket, holding whatever it was, fell on her lap. \"Oh, my! There you are! You need to come with me, now!\" \"Aren't you...oh God I'm hallucinating,\" Minjee slapped her forehead. \"No you aren't! Come on, let's go!\" \"I'm hallucinating about Tinkerbell. Okay, then. That's weird. Maybe all this Peter Pan talk has finally gotten to me,\" Minjee replied. Tinkerbell lifted the blanket, which Minjee quickly realized housed her dad, off Minjee's lap and Minjee stood up. \"Okay, I'm going to blow you some pixie dust. Just think happy thoughts!\" \"Happy thoughts?\" Minjee barely had time to elaborate on her question, when Tink blew a bunch of golden dust in her face. \"Just think happy- oh yay, you're flying!\" She said as Minjee began to awkwardly float. \"Oh shoot, I'm flying!\" Minjee flailed in the air. \"What was your happy thought? What was it?\" Tinkerbell asked excitedly. Minjee rubbed her neck awkwardly. \"Well actually...I don't know if it counts as one... It was just on my mind when you sprayed me with that glitter.\" Minjee wondered if she was dreaming by any chance. \"What is it?\" Tink insisted. \"You might not want to know...\" Minjee trailed off. \"I do! I do!\" \"I was thinking of you shutting up.\" \"Oh. Okay.\" Tinkerbell slowly fluttered down. She looked downcast. \"Let's go, then,\" she muttered sadly. \"Go? Go where? I'm -errr- busy,\" she replied. \"I'm just gonna stay here...wait for this dust to wear off and...Ermmm...\" She was startled to feel a little foot kick her butt. \"Aish!\" She yelled as she tumbled out of the window. \"Chincha...oh shoot I'm outside!\" \"Come on, Minjee! We're going to save your brother and sister! The second star to the right-\" \"-and straight on till morning. I know that story!\" Minjee snapped. \"Now go!\" Tinkerbell picked Peter up and fluttered after Minjee, who was awkwardly rolling around in the air. \"I cannot imagine what the people bellow think-oh shoot I'm wearing a skirt!\" \"Don't worry. Just fly to the star!\" Tinkerbell replied. Minjee took a deep breath. \"I can't believe I'm doing this.\" She huffed and leaned up towards the star. Up, up and away. \"Wow. Even in a dream Never Land is amazing,\" Minjee sighed, looking down at the wondrous island. \"This isn't a dream! It's real!\" Tink said, flying past her. Minjee rolled her eyes. \"That's what all dream fairies say. Let's just go.\" \"Nope. You aren't coming. You go...over there and wait, Kay?\" Tink gestured to a strange rock formation right by the island. \"Promise we won't be long!\" Minjee huffed. \"Where are you going that's so important?\" She asked. \"You'll see!\" And then she fluttered away. Minjee puffed her cheeks and glided down to the rock formation Tink had pointed out. She remembered when she was a kid. Before she had become so screwed up. When she used to dream to coming Neverland. Problem was, she had dreamed to come dressed up in more adventure-appropriate attire. Like jeans and a tee-shirt. Not a tank top and skirt. The heels were not helping. She lay down on the rock, using her bag for a pillow, and overlooked the ocean, completely losing track of time as she watched the waves overlapping, making large crashing noises. Before she knew it, her dad was rolling toward her. It took her a few seconds to realize what was happening, and (after getting over a bit of shock) she reacted. Grabbing her backpack, she leapt up and over her dad, and he rolled past her. \"Minzy? Minzy! HEEELLLPPP!\" He yelled as he rolled off the rock. Minjee huffed and shouldered her back pack. There goes peace. \"Dad!\" She yelled. \"Aish...you would think that Tink would bring him here the way they came.\" She took a deep breath and jumped off the rock after him. Minjee may have been reckless, but she had enough common sense to make sure she didn't land on her feet, and hit the ground rolling after her dad. A jolt of pain went up her shoulder, but she ignored it. Pain always comes to pass. \"Look out bellow!\" She yelled as she rolled through the soft, cold snow that had come out of nowhere and towards a group of penguins. They all scattered, but one, a very confused one, stood there, stumbling around like a drunkard. She rolled right into it. Needless to say, it tripped over, did a spontaneous back flip, and slid after her on it's stomach. \"I told you to look out!\" She exclaimed. \"Oh great. Now I'm talking to penguins! What the hell is snow doing on an island, anyway?!\" She reached the bottom of the hill and stood up. Fortunately, there was not a snow flake in sight. \"Sorry, mr. Penguin,\" she apologized. The penguin squawked in what Minjee expected to be an indignant tone and waddled back up the hill. Huh. That was weird. \"Dad? Dad, where are you? Hello-AAGGHHH!\" She screamed as she felt something grab her leg. Seconds later, she was flying upside down in the air by her ankle. \"DDAAAADD!\" She yelled, pushing her skirt up. This was so going in her 'top ten worst moments with dad' list. Unfortunately, there seemed to be a lot of new entries lately. \"Minjee, I- what is with that skirt?\" \"SO NOT THE TIME, DAD!\" She screamed. \"Peter, you're alive!\" The two Bannings looked in the direction of the voice, which happened to be coming from a clock. A clock that housed Tinkerbell. \"Tinkerbell!\" They yelled in unison. \"Minjee! You're here, too!\" \"Well, nah!\" Minjee replied. Tinkerbell fluttered over to a bell. \"PAN'S BACK! LOST BOYS, LOST BOYS, GET UP! PAN'S BACK!\" She yelled, ringing the bell. Cons: Tinkerbell decided to take it upon herself to cut them down. Pros: there are none. \"AAAGGGHHH!\" They yelled. This easily made number one on her top ten worst moments with dad. The duo kept on screaming as they bounced on several vine trampolines and finally landed in an undignified heap on the forest floor, the vine coiling on top of them. Despite the pain in her shoulder, she managed to half way crawl out from under her dad in time to see a group of boys gathering around them. \"Who's the shrub?\" Asked a big African American guy. \"I am not a shrub!\" Minjee hissed viciously. \"DAD GET UP!\" She snapped. Her dad immediately flew off of her as if burnt and, leaving her and the vine lying on the ground, he ran up to a set of steps. \"That ain't Peter Pan!\" \"He's old!\" \"He's fat!\" \"Not so fat to me!\" \"He's an old, fat, grandpa man!\" Minjee stood up; stumbled for a few seconds. It took her a moment to realize everyone was staring at her. \"Oh my gosh!\" \"It's a girl!\" \"Nothing to see here!\" She exclaimed, waving her arms around. \"I'm just a shrub!\" \"Charge!\" Someone yelled. The boys surged forward, but quickly balked when Minjee glared at them, stepping into a fighting stance. At that moment, a horn sounded. Some kind of cart thing sailed in behind the trees, the point peaking out just above the foliage. Minjee took it as a distraction and marched over to her dad. She yanked him off the stairs and pushed him forward from behind. \"Head up. Back straight. Pretend to be confident,\" she hissed. \"Rufio! Rufio! Ru-fi-ooooohhh!\" The boys chanted. Minjee laughed. Who was that? Their little ring leader? This was going to be amusing. \"Ru-fi-oooohhh!\" The boys yelled. \"Oooohh...that is so dangerous,\" her dad said, looking above her head. Minjee looked up, ready to see a kid who hadn't reached puberty yet and could be easily stopped with a classic hand-to-the head gesture. She stared, wide-eyed, as he jumped up on a vine, did a flip and landed in front of her dad. He was hot? Yup. That was a good word for it. He was badass? Yup. That was a good word for it. He was a pre-pubescent-boy-who-could-easily-be-stopped-by-a-hand-to-the-head-gesture? Nope. Not a good word for it. He had black hair with three red Stripes, brownish skin and brown eyes. Dark brown eyes. Minjee could tell with one look that he was undoubtedly Asian-probably Filipino. Believe it or not, Minjee could tell apart the different Asians. It was kind of like a built-in Asian Meter -something only an Asian could have. Rufio raised a brow at her and her dad, as if he was a wolf about to bite their faces off for crossing into his territory-which was entirely possible. He unsheathed his sword with a long and drawn out metal-against-metal sound. All thoughts of him being cute leapt out of her mind and he automatically screamed 'DANGER!' \"That's ENOUGH!\" Peter shouted. Minjee felt like knocking him out. When a guy has a sword, under no circumstances do you start lecturing him. Which Peter made an excellent example of. Because he was now on the wrong end of Rufio's blade. \"Okay, mister, show's over now. You put that thing away! No, put it down before you poke somebody's eye out!\" Peter demanded. Rufio smiled and looked around, laughing and doing some weird hand gesture that was similar to tickling one's chin. It was obvious to everyone -aside from Peter, perhaps (because he was a clueless adult)- that it was some kind of mocking gesture, because the boys surrounding them repeated it to him. \"You're not old enough to shave! What are you doing with a sword? I've been flying around - This is an insurance nightmare! What is this? Some sort of the 'Lord of the Flies' pre-school?\" Peter snapped incredulously. Minjee had to give her father some credit. His references were hilariously excellent. \" Where are your parents? Who's in charge here?\" Peter demanded. Everyone went silent. Fifteen, more or less, hands pointed to Rufio. Rufio smirked and bowed slightly. \"Nope! I don't think so, Mr. Skunkhead with too much mousse. You are just a punk kid!\" Peter shook his head and turned around. Punk kid? Seriously? He looked about Minjee's age! Maybe older! Minjee face palmed. Was her dad delusional? Turning his back to a very dangerous looking guy with a very dangerous looking sword? Obviously so. \"I want to speak to a grown-up!\" He yelled. \"All grown ups are pirates!\" Rufio spoke at last. Peter turned around. \"Excuse me?\" He asked, voice incredulous. Rufio grinned. \"We kill pirates.\" \"I am not a pirate!\" Peter puffed out his chest, which didn't flatter his figure in the least. \"It so happens, I am a lawyer!\" What was he expecting? Some kind of descent from the crowd? Minjee's foster dad was starting to seem crazier and crazier the longer she knew him-and he had adopted her ten years ago. Rufio looked at his comrades, then at Peter. \"KILL THE LAWYER!\" He yelled. Minjee was pushed around as Rufio and the others ran off towards her dad. \"I'm not that kind of lawyer!\" He defended, running away. Too little, too late. Minjee huffed. Now, she was angry. If anyone was going to kill that lawyer, it was going to be her. She bolted after the crowd. \"Minzy! Minzy, where are you?! IT WOULD BE HELPFUL IF YOU GOT INTO A FIGHT RIGHT NOW!\" She heard her dad scream as he ran towards the tracks. As if he hadn't been yelling at her about her constant getting-into-fights-at-school three days ago. He jumped on the tracks and began to run along them, followed by the group of screaming boys. Minjee was good at running, even in heels, but she was aching after that fall with her dad. She jumped onto the tracks, surprised to see they were clear of screaming little boys, and ran after her dad, who she could hear yelling all sorts of things in the distance. She ran past an opening in the foliage, and turned her head to look at what was beyond. Had she not picked up her pace, she would have been splattered with paint arrows. As she fled, she almost tripped over two boys, twins to be exact, lying in the middle of the tracks, but she had the common sense to jump over them. \"Hi Minjee!\" She heard a squeak. She looked backwards. It was Tinkerbell, standing in front of the fallen twins. \"NOT THE TIME TINK!\" She yelled and looked back ahead. She turned a corner and saw a very familiar cart wheeling down the tracks. And she heard the very familiar screaming of her dad. \"YAHHH!\" She yelled, picking up her pace. Tinkerbell overtook her and fluttered over to Rufio. \"Rufio, Rufio, you're the best swordsman! You have teach him!\" She squeaked. Rufio scrunched his nose and flicked the poor fairy away. This guy was getting less and less attractive to Minjee every minute. \"YAAHH!\" She yelled again. She could see her dads hair just peaking over Rufio's left shoulder. \"MINZY! MINZYTHERE YOU ARE-AAAHHHH!\" He screamed as he fell over the edge of the tracks. Rufio's cart turned a corner and was gone. \"Oh, for God sakes!\" She yelled. She stopped to catch her breath and then ran over to where her dad had fallen. \"Dad? Hello? Where are you?\" She puffed her cheeks. Her dad was nowhere in sight. It was only a flower bed. She turned away and sprinted after Rufio. Funnily enough, just as she ran off, her dad stood up and revealed himself. The flowers opened up and sniffed him. \"Excuse me...errmm...\" One flower began to make a deep inhaling sound-the kind that indicated one was about to sneeze. This plant was undoubtedly allergic to humans. \"Ssshhh...\" Peter shushed the flower quietly. \"A-A-A-ACHOO!\" The flower sneezed, giving Peter's location out to anyone in a ten mile radius. Peter bolted, but ran straight into a group of boys sporting bows and arrows. \"Help!\" He cried. \"Help!\" They chorused back. \"Not you!\" He answered \"Not you!\" They repeated. He turned and ran sideways. Peter was glad Minjee wasn't there, because he got an arrow to the ass. If she had seen him...he would never hear the end of it. Pulling the arrow off his ass, he sprinted down into what seemed to be a skateboard stadium thingy. For a while, he just ran in circles, being chased by the two boys who were using it. Eventually, though, he gained some common sense (enter a sarcastic comment from Minjee here) and stood in the middle. Another few minutes were spent with them circling around him,until he bolted away, muttering something that sounded like \"Helmets.\" (Enter another sarcastic comment from Minjee here) \"Lost boys! Lost boys, stop it!\" Tinkerbell yelled. After driving into a wall on a skate board (to which he had no idea how it appeared), being hit on the head several times with a basketball and being shoved into a wall, he found himself lying on the ground on his back. \"Ru-fi-oooohhh!\" The boys chorused as their leader swung in on a vine. He unsheathed his sword and ran towards Peter, swinging the blade over his head until the flat edge was on his nose. \"You're dead...jolly man,\" he grinned. A/N: Proper Minfio interaction next chap. RnR m'little lovelies! ","Summary":" \"Minni, what were you thinking?\" Peter asked, looking at his adoptive daughter, who was sitting o"},{"Movie":"Wanted","Title":"Pardon Me","Author":"Celtic-Memories","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7361105","Passage":"[Chapter 1] NOTE: This is my first attempt at making a fanfiction for any movie that doesn't involve a series. I DO NOT OWN any of Wanted characters which goes directly to the creator of the original comic. I do, however, own my original characters gradually presented in the story. Have fun reading and please review. Be honest and precise. Sept 14: I've redone the dream scenes in italics and rephrased it to provide more clarity. Hopefully it worked. Thanks for the input iplaythefish. Anyways enjoy my stories and I'll try not to put too many authors notes to distract from the story. Pardon Me Introduction: A Typical Day for Ms. Obedient. \"Pardon me,\" a frail whisper was barely heard amongst the eager, ongoing bustle of New York City. \"Pardon me,\" another whisper. \"Pardon, pardon me...\" Repeated again and yet again. My voice was strong but I whispered ever so softly. I have a habit of being apologetic in every situation, even when I'm not at fault. Someone bumped me in the crowd, making the quad coffees I ordered for my boss, my boss's assistant, and his assistant, and that assistant's secretary, spill on my plain blue business blouse. That was the most coffee I would ever get, a big ink blot splash across my front. Coffee was never my friend. The one time I drank it all I remember are spikes of insanity and overabundance of joy that I immediately henceforth severed coffee from my mouth. I winced from the pain of the hot drink on my chest, but not before habitually uttering 'Pardon me,' under my breath and running across the street as the neon sign signaled WALK. I never walked. No time. Every day was the same, and even the weekends when I was off work, somehow my days magically presented itself in the 'Same' category. Sleep was the same as well. My nightmares were endless: I'm going through my old belongings, cardboard boxes duct taped on the sides and bottoms. I look through them and find dozens of photographs with a picture of me in my broad rimmed bifocals, scrawly hair do, and light blue business blouse, holding up the camera to the mirror in my apartment bathroom with a cheesy grin that said 'Congratulations on your new promotion, while I'm stuck in the dump, bitch.' I gasp in horror and shut the boxes. Then I would wake up. Another reoccurring nightmare: I walk down a corridor in the company I work in, Estee Lauder Inc. It's dark, all the doors have light seeping through the cracks. My urge to open them is great, and so I do. I open the first door and all my employees yell out 'Surprise' as a blinding light makes me squint my eyes. When my eyes adjust I see my cubicle, empty, with one message written on the monitor. 'DYKE DIANA CARMICHAEL!' I immediately start hyperventilating, and hoping for a better scene I run from the horrendeous sight and advance towards the other doors. I open up another door but no! My high hopes are shattered as the same scene repeats itself over, and over, and over again. ...Until finally I woke up in a hot sweat while my apartment was only 60 degrees due to not being able to afford heat. I would wrap the cheap covers around me and try to shiver myself to sleep, though my eyes would stay wide open and explore the lights outside my curtainless window. The chattering of my teeth would be a lonesome pounding sound like an avalanche waiting to crash into my skull. After a short while my teeth would slowly cease their dying struggle to make my jaw cave in from pain. Then I would lay awake for hours, asking myself a series of questions, questions I would never hear in interviews, or street bars, or those parties I never get a chance to participate in except on New Years due to half the interns taking a vacation to Switzerland or Paris. Lucky them. When I finally did go to sleep it was almost time to wake up. I set my alarm to ring three times, once at 6am, another at 6:30, and the last at 6:45. Every morning I miss all three alarms. The worst feeling is waking up at half past 7 knowing you have to pick up the boss's triple splenda decaf, the assistant's mocha, and the other two's artificial hazelnut cream with 1/4 cup sugar each, and all at 3 different coffee shops! How many coffee shops can there be in Midtown Manhattan? I was devastated. But it was their bodies to ruin and hack to pieces with invisible chemical needles of pain, and my continuous pain that assured it. I was just the messenger, or rather the deliverer. Don't shoot me! So... this morning was the same as last morning, and it was happening to the SAME people. The huge city clock was 3 minutes before 8 and I was still running across the streets, about 1/4 mile from the office building for Estee Lauder. As I neared the cubist sheer glass building I let out my usual sigh, the rumbling breath before a huge headache and meltdown that I had to suck into my stomach and devour whole before it ate instead. I felt the clock struck 8 as I ran in the door, bumping into two more people on the way and uttering two more 'Pardon Me's' before jumping into the elevator and rapidly pressing floor 37. I was in for several 10 minute cursing that day, one for being late AGAIN, two for spilling half the coffee on the floor, three for shaking the coffee excessively causing it too cool to body temperature in mere seconds, four for displaying a self-neglectful stature to the entire department due to the little coffee accidents, and God, I forget the rest of the many reasons but they are at the tip of my tongue. I knew why I was never fired. Despite my 'laziness, tardiness, and slumpy attire' I was RELIABLE. For heaven's sakes I never miss an order! I am Ms. Obedient! I ride 1st class on Obedient Amtrak. I lean against the back of the elevator, heaving in and out crazily, trying to calm down and make my flushed cheeks pale before presenting myself to my employees. It was useless however. It always was. I wake up frizzy and exhausted, arrive at work frizzy, exhausted and messy, and leave work frizzy, exhausted, messy, and copped out. Mess. Frizzy Obedient. No change. Plenty of pain. No gain. An endless cycle of dizzy New York City. Shall we start over again tomorrow? ...No. Because the elevator did something funny today. And I forgot my laughing pills.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: Witness. The elevator lurched, and the coffee I was holding with it. Not noticing two men in the tight little crawl space with me coffee splashed all over their fancy suit jackets. I gasped and immediately blurted 'Pardon me' twice to both of them. They hissed their breaths out and held their hands out towards me as if to shield their eyes from blinding light before taking out their cell phones to have spare t-shirts delivered to the elevator door immediately. Lucky bastards. I knew then my role. As shunned as a dog after littering on the owner's electrical outlets, I turned to the corner and kept the coffee shielded from anymore people who would enter. Then the elevator did another funny thing. It stopped in its tracks and I grunted, trying to balance the coffee and my shaking legs in their skinny 3 inch heels that I hated to wear but was obligatory for the job. No flats! It was a joke seriously beset by the girls I worked with. Was it my height? A demanding 5'9\" and a towering 6 feet with the damned things on. I never complained... It was a sort of mockery I guess, to be tall and invisible. To have a tall awkward girl be in charge of messes, outfits, and arranging appointments instead of actually being in a meeting and instead of actually wearing the thousand dollar dresses I selected meticulously. The coffee spilt more nevertheless. The lids never stayed on and ALWAYS broke in my care. What else broke in my care? The list would shatter many little girl's dreams of ever being in the fashion industry. I was the perfect role model for Dream Shatterers. Call me at 1-800-Dream-On. I gasped as the lights in the elevator shut out. It was pitch darkness and my two men guests were cussing horrendously now, complaining about cell phone reception and 'interference'. My cell phone! Shit! I left it at my apartment! Now I had really done it! No way the boss would let me go this time. All his contact numbers were on there, their agents' numbers, wedding planners, social lists, limo-drivers, etc. etc. I was screwed more than used plywood. I was panicking in the dark, worrying about my job, my apartment knowing I wouldn't be able to make the payments in another 3 months when the lease ended. I would be kicked out on the street and doomed vagabond Ms. Cell Phone Forgetter. I would be a nobody on the streets instead of a nobody intern in the fashion industry. Thinking too hard on this made me nervous. And twitchy, not to mention slightly paranoid. I was completely oblivious of the gravity of the elevator situation. My take on the whole thing was more spilt coffee, messier me, bitchier associates who would complain about me to my superiors no doubt, and being even more late. Late late late. Hopefully that was the worse and I wasn't fired. I remember one hazy day 2 seasons ago, the one other time I failed to bring my cell phone to work: \"Good Morning Ms. Stevenson,\" I fumbled fixing my glasses for the hundredth time as I hurried past many cubicles while following Stacie Stevenson, my boss's assistant. She was the neediest when it came to fashion, my boss was the neediest when it came to food. The next down the line assistant and his secretary were just plain needy. I was accustomed to this line of life so I never uttered a complaint. I always uttered apologies. \"You're going to trip if you don't calm down.\" Stacie retorted. Her voice always sounded like an advice columnists in action, with an edge of sarcasm that would only be detected if it was directed at you. I detected it. \"And how many times must I repeat, call me Stacie.\" \"But Ms. Stevenson there are four Stacies in this department-\" \"Yes, and we are on last name terms with them and NEVER with me. They are not allowed to be called Stacie, Stace, or anything close to the sound 'St'. While I'm around, they're stuck with my rules.\" \"Pardon me, Stacie.\" \"You got my coffee?\" \"Yes, Stacie.\" My hand was two seconds from handing her coffee when she rejected the offer. \"Not in the mood, intern.\" I wasn't about to point out to her that there were 20 other interns in this building and they could all easily turn their heads in her direction. But they didn't and I never spoke up. \"I need Civo's number and address for the upcoming party. I need the invitations sent out by 3:00. The fax machine needs fixing again. Zach needs his coffee before his big meeting.\" I had cringed at the name 'Zach' my boss's name. Her overuse of the word 'need' was normal, for her. I had immediately reached my pencil skirt pocket for the Razor cell when my eyes widened in shock. When I didn't answer Stacie right away she turned back towards me with threatening eyes. \"What is it?\" \"I-I uh...\" My voice was a low stutter. \"Spit it out I haven't got all day.\" \"I've left my cell phone home.\" Did I mention that Stacie was deep brown haired, had bright orange red lips and thick mascara that only deepened her cocoa brown gaze? I was intimidated by her reaction. \"I need to contact Civo. Now .\" \"I beg your-\" \"Shut. Up,\" she hissed. \"You are fired and I never want to see you again.\" \"I'm an intern, Ms. Ste- Stacie, you can't fire me, only Zach can.\" \"What kinda bullshit order is this? While he's not around, I'm God, so shoo. I'll find someone else who's more reliable.\" She flicked her hand in front of her as if I were an annoying fly. I immediately panicked, my blood boiling as I hastily responded, \"I can get my cell phone within the hour, I swear I'm reliable. It won't happen again. I NEED this job, Stacie.\" Even through my stuttering my voice seemed to be stronger than usual. Stacie didn't look convinced and was about to speak again when I hastily spoke again, \"I'll even pick up fresh coffee on the way. Zach'll be mad at you if he's without and you've sacked the only intern who gets it to him on time.\" She was about to speak again when I intervened, again. \"I'll also get you your favourite chocolates.\" Stacie's lips tensed closed for a few seconds, then they opened in a smirky smile, her eyebrow raising. \"Fine, you're rehired, but only if you do this all in the next,\" she checked her watch, \"57 minutes. Tick. Tock.\" I had sighed in relief and hurried to do my tasks. Luckily I had completed them all within the allotted time, 10 seconds within to be exact. Sometimes I think a stroke of fate kept me on this job until this August, until this unlucky day. The elevator made another lurch again, the lights came back on. Within a few seconds it was up and moving with the numbers '27' flashing above the door. Still ten more floors to go and already 20 minutes had past. I was way late. I looked down and sighed as I realised this would be my last day working here and might as well already press the button for the lobby. The elevator stopped at 36 and the two men got off, the doors closing. I sighed, just a few more seconds until doomed fate. I let out a little shriek as my left heel bent to the side, the spike snapping from the sole. These shoes were practically brand new! I sat down in the corner trying to fix the heel when I didn't noticed the door open. One arm juggling the cold half-spilt coffee, and the other holding a bright blue spike that would not reattach to my shoe. I would have to limp into the department as I awaited my unfortunate fate. It was then I felt the elevator's weight go slightly down, thinking someone got on I realised the door must be open. But as I tried to stand my watch got snagged underneath the metal rims in the elevator. Then as suddenly as the weight had sunk down the little room, it lifted but not before I heard a loud metallic sound that shook the air around me. 'Wow, that guy really changed his mind,' I thought. And it wasn't until I unhooked my watch, stood, and turned that I saw something at the bottom of the elevator room. A huge dent in the metal, and I let out a breath I didn't know I was holding. My eyes grew very wide as I turned my head to the open elevator door, and saw someone jump through the huge glass window at the end of the corridor. The corridor looked exactly like in my nightmares only this was NOT the Estee Lauder building. I gasped in shock as that someone flew so far away I couldn't discern what he was doing or what was happening. The elevator door was closing before I had a chance to find out but before it closed, I saw a small speck on the rooftop ahead fall limp. My jaw dropped as I slid down the elevator wall and stared at the dent. Instead of asking what could cause that dent to appear in the wall so quickly while I was in there I asked: How the hell did I end up in this building and not where I work? It was settled. I was fired. After making my way back down the mysterious building there was a huge commotion around me, like fireants scurrying under an Alabaman rain. Using my quick sense I connected the shattered window incident to the cause of the commotion. I was right. The media's coverage was this building, and the one opposing it. My ears were ringing with their sick drone voices, clacking of cameras, the bustle of the NYPD trying to calm everyone down with no avail, and the veins in my head pumping loudly. My nerves were going haywire as I bumped into people, breaking into my run again. \"Pardon me,\" I said to everyone I passed by, which must have been hundreds if not thousands. My philosophy was stay out of danger, and if danger came to you, run. So I did. But then again, I always run. And when I can't I'm fast walking. As if that weren't the worst, I was holding my shoes, my barefeet on the gravel, cement, and everything else I didn't want to imagine. The acute pain rising in my feet was nothing compared to the obliterating force that took my breath away; getting fired. I was still worried to death about losing my job. The city clock struck 9, my eyes immediately shooting towards that abominable sound that mocked me, possibly more so than my superiors did. As I ran down the familiar, yet unfamiliar streets of Manhattan I realised I was in Downtown, and not Midtown where I belonged. How the hell did that happen? I couldn't think straight anymore as I focused on my breathing. After a minute or so my thoughts cleared enough to decide to catch a cab. Only... I was afraid of cabs. I had a huge fear of riding in any sort of vehicle, transportation device, Amtrak with strangers. I tried to shove that fear way down deep inside of me. Just for a moment. A moment enough to stop the cab, get in and tell him my destination before I could chicken out. I stopped running and looked around me, studying the street signs, trying to find a familiar route back to Midtown. It was impossible. I may be a Yorker, but during my entire life of living in Midtown Manhattan I had never crossed the threshold... never left that middle lane, never took the fork in the road. Not because I chose not to but because no opportunity arose to make it happen, and nobody requested that I leave. Nobody, and nothing, sent me across the divide to another side. Besides I was broke and taking unneccessary trips through unknown territory was not in my agenda. Now I was HERE. In unknown territory and wondering how the hell I ended up here in the first place. Did I black out while I was travelling? Did someone drug me up? Am I finally going insane? I think back to some more memories as I continue running, heading towards a shop to ask for directions. 2nd day of work, 1st day of being late: Zach. My boss. He was standing in front of me, giving me the most strange eerie grin. The one that mocked me and every intern that was as awkward as I am. He only frowned at the pretty ones, the ones who he was winking at and slapping their asses behind our backs. It was an insult to be so opposite. An insult to me at least. But I didn't care. He was my boss. Who was I to judge? I just worked for him so no guilt on my moral standards. \"Zach, sire. Good morning.\" I greeted, handing out my coffee without comment the way he liked it. He never requested coffee more than once. He was constant and I was obliging. Zach took the coffee, sipped it, grimaced. \"Cold, as usual,\" he complained. A jolt of disapproval shot through my body, the sight in my eyes zooming in and out. I run half an hour to provide that damned sugar mix. \"Perhaps you should considering moving the work building closer to the coffee shop, or better, get a coffee maker.\" \"Or hire a new intern.\" He firmly said, giving me that ridiculous smile again that said 'Say one more word and you're fired.' \"Pardon me, sire.\" That was the first and only time I ever said anything witty to the boss. After that, nothing. One warning, I listened, I obeyed. \"Your hair... it is so unlikable, have one of my assistant fix it up for you. That colour just so does not go with your eyes, perhaps a ebony black and cut it short, to about here,\" he held his hand to his ear and I bit my lip and tensed to keep from glaring. This was humiliation! And he was smiling still. \"Oh, you could use some touch ups around the cheeks, here\" He reached his finger out to touch my face and I flinched, stepping backwards. \"Pardon me, but I'm allergic to makeup.\" I lied smoothly, blushing fiercely, hoping he would buy it so I wouldn't get some freak makeover. I was scared shitless of their behaviour towards me, so what kept me going? Ah, my dream of being a fashion designer. \"Allergic to beauty as well.\" Zach said, smiling again. I didn't respond, blushing even worse. I looked down gripping my new briefcase nervously and shamefully. So everyone thought I was ugly? I never looked at myself enough to determine the difference... but apparently one glance with these people was enough to judge. I was doomed in their eyes. \"Is there anything you need me to do, sire?\" I finally asked after Zach didn't talk. \"Stop calling me 'sire', we're not in England...\" \"Pardon me-\" \"...Fax this,\" he handed me a stack of papers, \"To these numbers,\" he put a pink folder on top. It shifted my weight so much I inhaled a sharp breath. The papers must have weighed 50 pounds! \"Call my secretary, have her send a beautician for your crisis,\" he said it so casually I almost winced at the cruelty of it, but I held my ground and obeyed his orders. \"And Stacie,\" Mentioning her name he frowned, \"Tell Stacie my desk caved in. That's it. Shoo.\" I nodded and turned to carry out his orders, my eye on the faxing room 6 cubicles down the hall, when suddenly I felt cold liquid running down my back. My jaw dropped open and a pitiful gasp escaped my lips, so pitiful that everyone stopped their business to look at me. \"Oh, one more thing. Take a shower. So long.\" There were a few giggles, one very loud laugh, and exclamations in the department. I closed my eyes and shuttered, my jaw tensing as I tried not to explode from the intense pressure. It was definitely pay back from getting his coffee cold. I was infuriated. My thoughts? I wanted to take these stack of papers and throw them right in his face, then take his next order of coffee, hot for once, and throw it all over him and see how he likes it. I imagined his bemoaned expression and delirious state, but quickly snapped back into the present and struggled towards the fax room with my blouse stuck to my back. This humiliation was a common occurrence at work, and I just let it happen. When I finally made it to the fax room, I set down the papers, opened the folder and sighed, a frown coming to my face. There were at least 200 numbers on the list, and I had to dial each one separately, AND get the right papers to the right contacts. It was a hell of a day. That became a common occurrence as well. I huffed a huge breath as I smiled, the motion unfamiliar for me but I was pleased somewhat. It was nearing noon and I was at my apartment, without getting mugged, without dying, without passing out from pain. With the instructions at the nearby shop and a new pair of running shoes, I was home, hungry, frizzy, exhausted, messy, and copped out and I hadn't even gone to work. The coffee was long gone, dumped two hours ago when it got ridiculous to hold it when it was almost empty from sloshing all over the place. I ran straight up the flights of stairs to my room on the 10th floor. My hands jitterbugging, my ankles shaking, I opened all three locks with my keys, and ran in, locking it behind me. But instead of looking for my cell right then, I collapsed on the couch. My whole body was shaking intensely. My mind span circles, and triangles, and squares. My breath would not calm down. I closed my eyes and didn't try to fight the onslaught of worry and nervousness. \"My job!\" I suddenly cried out, my hands covering my eyes as I burst out into sobs. \"My apartment! My life!\" I gasped and sobbed for several minutes in the darkness of my apartment until I heard the 'buzz' of my cell phone on my coffee table. It took me a few seconds to stop my tears before I could pick up the little compact job killer. My eyes were too blurry and the apartment too dark to make out the caller id so I just answered it. My voice was squeaky and nasally. \"Ms. Carmichael.\" I stifled a sniff. There was no answer. \"Stacie, if it's you I'm so sorry I didn't make it... There's so much going on... and I'm sick,\" I lied. There was still silence. \"Hello? Hello!\" My eyes widened in horror as two loud bullet shots sounded in my ear through the speaker. I was too stunned to breath, to gasp, to move. \"I see you.\" a deep voice said, then the dial tone... then dead. Nothing. Silence. I dropped the phone and passed out. I awoke sometime later, in my bed, the light usually seeping through the cracks in the windows gone. It was nighttime already, I had a splitting headache, my stomach was heavy and growling. So I lazily fixed myself a pot of soup and ran water for a bath. My eyesight was groggy, my knees weak, my head drumming. I grabbed a pain prescription from the bathroom cabinet without thinking, popping two of the small capsules, swallowing them dry. The events of the day raced through my head in dizzy circles as I poured soup in a bowl, took it to the bathroom, slid my coffee stained clothes onto the floor, and slipped into the warm bath tub with a long sigh. I closed my eyes and leaned back, my arms on the side of the tub. The pain slowly faded and I was taken into another world of darkness, stillness, silence, sleep. I ran. My barefeet pounded on the cobblestone street. It was dark but not too much that I couldn't see. I clutched my chest with fear. Why did I run? Was someone was chasing me? Suddenly my feet were pinned to the ground and I couldn't move. Footsteps echoed behind me, slow and deliberate. I tried to turn and face this person. Too late. There was a loud shot fired and my heart stopped... I awoke with a gasp. \"Oh, God... just a nightmare.\" What caused it? It only took two seconds for me to remember my phone call. My hand shot to my lips. My heartbeat was rapid as the bath water moved around me, my throat breaking into soft sobs. Was that phone call real? For the life of me I couldn't tell. I quickly left the bath, ate my cold soup, drank two full glasses of water and jittery, dressed for bed. I was restless but I dearly wanted to sleep. The events of the day were too much. I couldn't handle it and my palms were sweating. My nerves were wrestling throughout me. My breath shook with every intake. I grabbed the sleeping pills from the cabinet and took four, something I never did. I knew that even one would knock me out enough not to hear my alarm clock. I never heard it without the pills! Why did I not care this time? Oh, that's right! I was surely without a job. That much was clear. That was the only clear thought I had before I slumped under my covers and drifted into sleep.[Chapter 3] Hey, It's been months since I focused on this story... I still remember the main plot line but kind of forget some of the details of Wanted from the movie... So if I am off on date, details, or anything about the FRATERNITY let me know. I'm going from pure memory now and sometimes guessing. =p Anyways, thanks for the supportive reviews... Here's a 'get back on your feet' chapter before the real stuff gets going. Review please, appreciate it. I kind of feel like my character right now... you'll see once you read. Enjoy. Chapter 3: Another Shock. I woke up at 2 o'clock in the afternoon. My eyes were groggy filled with sleepy wax. My muscles were tense so I stretched far and wide on my bed, yawning loudly. For a minute I couldn't grasp where I was... my apartment room was dark and all I could see were the digital numbers on my alarm clock. I felt like I had slept for days... I hoped I didn't. Groaning softly I sat up in bed, ignoring the temptation to just snuggle up and sleep some more. My memories were coming back to me... I was fired. There was no doubt. Might as well sleep another week for the hell I'll go through. Dragging my feet across the floor I finally made it to my cell phone which stared at me evilly on the couch cushion, as if gloating and laughing 'You got no job, all 'cause of me! Haha'!. Oh I just wanted to throw that phone out the window. But I did not. It had important contacts on it... my family numbers. Still, a sort of curious feeling swelled up inside of me. I wanted to check the phone to see there were any calls. Then... it hit me. \"I see you.\" Chills crawled up my back and curled my lips into a frown. I should check my cell for recall, to see if I can trace the call! Suddenly, as if on cue, I jumped from the lighting up of my cell as it started vibrating on my cushion. Damn, too late. I ran towards the device and saw 'Stacie' on the caller I.D. Oh, no! I answered anyways. For some stupid, insane, out-of-my-mind reason I answered the phone! \"Hello?\" My voice was still deep from sleep, barely intelligible. \"Oh, Annie, hi! Are you still sick, hon'? Your head feeling better?\" I froze and almost choked on my next breath. Did Stacie actually sound concerned for me? There was no mistaking that tone in her voice... what the hell! My palms started sweating as I replied truthfully. \"Not really, I've been asleep for more than a day.\" \"Oh, dear, that's why you haven't been at work. Zach and I want to let you know that you can take the whole week off if need be. However long it takes for you to get well, hon'.\" The way she said 'hon' made me cringe, cause she always called Zach that in private. Not a good sign. How could I even believe her sudden change in behaviour? She was obviously joking, making a fool out of me, and wanting me to believe her! If I went back to work in a week like she said there would definitely be humiliation waiting for me. There's no way she is concerned about me! This is crazy... am I really that bad that I am the center for making fun, the bad kind? \"Thanks, Stacie. I just wanted to apologize for not calling in yesterday when-\" \"Oh, it's no worries!\" Stacie interrupted quite quickly. \"Getting your head so banged up like that, anyone would not be calling back sooner than 2 days, hon'. Just call me back when you're ready to return to work and I'll prepare for you.\" Still stunned out of my wits, I didn't respond. This was definitely a joke! I didn't want to play along, to 'thank' Stacie again. I wanted to cuss her out and tell her to go where the sun don't shine. But some part of me wanted to play along... and with a sinister thought, I wanted to come up with a plan of my own. A swirling frenzy of ideas started blossoming, ones of humiliating Stacie and Zach, of getting them back somehow! After a while, I sighed in defeat, knowing that I would never have the gumption to actually pull the stunt off. NEVER. \"Annie, are you there?\" She called me Annie... Again. Not Intern, not Bimbo, not Fur-Stack, but Annie. By my real name. This was definitely a trick. I couldn't stop saying that to myself, I just couldn't. \"Yeah, Stacie I'm here. Just getting a headache again. I'll call you, when I'm well.\" \"Okay, hon'. Sweet dreams and God bless,\" she made a smooch sound before hanging up the phone. Okay, that was the straw that broke the camel's back. She smooched! I seriously thought I was dreaming. Just to reassure myself I started jumping on the couch wildly and screaming at the top of my lungs before pinching myself, several times. I was left with a real headache, from using too much energy after just waking up, and with a few welts on my shoulder. I withdrew to my make-shift kitchen while shaking my head. No way was I going to figure out what Stacie had planned for me... Then... it dawned on me. I'm not fired? Am I? I quickly checked my cell for messages, there were 24. All but one from Estee Lauder Inc. Probably Stacie... With shaking hands I clicked enter to hear the message that was from an unknown caller, holding it up to my ear nervously. There was silence... no sound, no breathing, no voice. Not even a pin drop. Instantly began a loud crackling that made me gasp with fright, holding the cell away from my ears. An intense chill swept through my body as I waited and waited to see if the crackling would stop or lower in volume. It finally did... and I held my breath in wait, closing my eyes and scrunching my body up, as if waiting for a bomb to explode right next to me. \"You woke up really late.\" I almost dropped my phone. The voice was very raspy and deep, the same voice that had called me the day before, the same one that had said 'I see you'. How did this person know I woke up late? I started hyperventilating and my fingers tensed around the phone until I forced myself to bring it back up to my ears to hear the rest of the message. I was scared shitless, out of my brains, out of my heart and wits and speech, but I still wanted to listen. \"You're freaking out. You're that type of person.\" I whimpered from his accuracy... obviously a stalker. Oh, God. This was adding to my life of horrors. How could I possibly fend off a stalker? Who probably wanted to kill me? Or worse, rape me? \"You're thinking I want to do some crazy, naughty things to you right now. You're wrong.\" It's like he's reading my mind! My eyes dart to the window as if expecting someone to be looking in. How ridiculous, the blinds are shut and the curtains drawn. \"Go back to work after you're well. Don't tarry far. Become friends with Stacie and your boss or there'll be hell to pay... and the Devil doesn't like those who are... late. Are you late... Annie ?\" The dial tone sounded. I dropped my phone. Luckily it only landed one foot onto the kitchen counter. Unlucky that I landed on the floor.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: Nice Guy? It only took me 5 days to get well. Stacie had called me daily, keeping tabs on me on how much better I was, whether I needed someone to come over with soup. After the 3rd call I was delirious and snapped at her on the phone, really just wanting to get her mad so she'd return to normal Stacie and get me truly fired. She had behaved completely offended and even cried a bit, saying that I must be really sick if I was treating her this way. For some reason, I sulked and apologized, inwardly doubtful and cringing. Could I really reduce mean Stacie to tears? It was too impossible to believe. What was even more impossible was the last phone call I received before I decided to go back to work... \"Hello, this is Ann-\" I was cut off by a deep chuckle. It made me tense up and get a little back bone. After snapping at Stacie two days before I was still a little tipsy. \"Sounds like you're back to normal.\" Okay, back bone gone. I might as well be a fish now. \"Who are you? What do-\" the crackling voice cut me off. \"Look, before you ask those questions I have a few answers to questions you wouldn't ask.\" My jaw tensed and I breathed in heavily through my nose, trying to calm my rapidly beating heart and crazed nerves. So this weirdo stalker was not trying to scare me this time... perhaps by doing that he was attempting to get into my head and confuse the heck out of me. What if he tries to make me trust him! There's no chance in hell! \"You know, spacing out isn't that bad, as long as what you're spacing out about is worthwhile.\" \"What do you want?\" I repeated, a slight lilt of panic in my voice. Okay, majour lilt! \"I've downloaded a tracking device into your phone, so it doesn't matter what you say, how you say, or where you say it. I know where you are and that's all that matters right now.\" \"Shit!\" I screamed and got so scared I ran to my window and almost threw my cell phone out. Until I realized I had all my contacts for work on there. Fingers shaking, I forced myself to listen to the rest... There was another chuckle. It was unnerving. This lunatic was getting amused from scaring the hell out of me. Is this all a game? A sick, twisted sadistic game? Had he told me that on purpose just to see if I would try to throw my cell phone out? What if he knew I wouldn't do it because of my contacts... he had me pushed into a tight, dark corner. \"You shoulda seen the look on your face when you screamed.\" \"Stop stalking me! I'll call the police and they'll track your phone call-\" \"Don't make threats unless you can back them up,\" he replied harshly. \"Now listen! In two days, you're going to be invited to the Jeorge Memorial Dance by Stacie. Accept the invitation.\" \"And what if I don't?\" I replied shakily. There was silence, then a dial tone. If that wasn't enough to make me hysterical I don't know what was. I shut my phone off and left it at home, and headed to the store immediately, a great plan in mind. I was going to transfer all my contacts to a new cell phone and get rid of my current one. It sounded so promising I was uplifted with a bundle of energy to hide the shivers that was currently overrunning me. I was at an electronics store in less than 10 minutes, cell phone package in hand, and ready to pay for it at the register when a man behind me in line tried to strike up a conversation with me. \"Hey,\" his voice was friendly and deep. I turned around and faced a tall man, but not much taller than my overwhelming figure. He had short light brownish hair and a broad grin, wearing sunglasses, deep blue dress shirt, and black jeans with fancy dress shoes. I was impressed for a minute, actually admiring his looks before I shyly replied. \"Hi,\" It barely came out in a squeaky murmur. One thing is positive. I NEVER talk to guys. Or anybody for that matter. I am quaky, paranoid, shy, and just completely awkward. I felt so embarrassed at this moment that I blushed instantly, hoping that the two people in line in front of me would hurry up already so I could run home and hide in the closet. The man let out a deep tenor chuckle and replied, holding out his hand. \"I'm Chris.\" At first I'm too stunned to react, staring at his hand wearily. Then with a blush I took his hand and he squeezed mine lightly. \"Annie,\" I squeaked out, blushing tremendously. He nodded and released my hand. \"Nice to meet you. Everything faring alright for you? You look a bit flustered.\" \"Mhm,\" I answered, a little less squeaky. He didn't seem too bad and so my panicky jittery nerves from before were settling a bit. I tried a few more words, \"Thanks for asking.\" I glanced at the register and there was only one man in front of me so I took a few steps along, glancing back at Chris. \"Do you get out much, Ann?\" he narrowed his eyes in concern. \"Your skin's so white.\" I pursed my lips and shrugged, inwardly basking in the fact that he shortened my already short name. \"I g-go to work and back h-home that's all.\" \"Mmm,\" he shook his head. \"You look like you need a night off. How about joining me for dinner this Friday?\" I froze on the spot. Did he just say what I thought he did? My eyes watered and my palms started sweating, from nervousness and a bit of exhilaration. \"Friday?\" I asked in disbelief. \"That would be nice...\" I told him truthfully. \"Good, I'll pick you up at 7 then? I'll need your address.\" \"I won't be home then!\" I lied easily in an almost panicked voice, too weary to give out my address. What if he's not as nice as he seems? My thoughts drifted to my cell phone at home, waiting for me to discard it. Oh come on, if he were a stalker wouldn't he already know your address? Annie, you're so clueless, he's just asking for social purposes! Oh, stop being so paranoid, accept a man's good invitation for once! Stop being such a prune! \"Oh,\" he replied disappointed. \"Where will you be then?\" \"Well...\" I paused, contemplating what to say. \"... We could meet at the restaurant.\" I offered. He shrugged. \"That sounds good. It's at 1024 Amsterdam Avenue. It's called V&T.; I hope you like pizza.\" I smiled shyly, remembering how I'd NEVER been to the Pizzeria, ever. \"I do.\" A loud cough sounded loudly behind me. I turned around and noticed the annoyed look on the cashier's face and I shuffled forward. Giving him the cell phone I started fiddling with my fingers when Chris started talking again. \"You don't have to wear anything really nice, just casual clothes. Like you have right now.\" It made me think about what I was wearing. A slouchy business like outfit, pencil skirt to my waist over a very messy, wrinkled white button up shirt, the cuffs upturned. My hair was a messy bun and my shoes were flats, for once. \"Okay,\" I replied, at a loss for anymore words. I felt like such a dork replying so shortly and shyly. Chris didn't seem too phased and it was then I noticed he was only carrying two items to pay for, a switchbox and x-box 360 controller. It made me laugh inwardly and sigh in sadness. I never get to play video games, or do anything other than work I'm so busy. \"$31.27.\" The cashier repeated for the tenth time in a bitter voice. I winced and easily slipped my credit card out of my purse, handing it to the rude man cashier. He looked blankly at it before returning it to me. \"Only cash and checks allowed.\" \"What!\" I gawked in disbelief. \"I've been to this store for ever, there's n-no way-\" \"It just changed last week,\" he interrupted me bitterly. I frowned and started quaking, wondering if I remembered my checkbook... I'd gone so long without carrying it around, being so used to credit cards at work. I opened my wallet and fumbled around in it, moaning softly in panic. No checkbook. I rummaged through the folds to find dollar bills, but being one who barely scraped by I only found 3 quarters, about a dozen or so pennies, and 5 one dollar bills. My frown deepened and my throat locked up as I realized that I would not be getting out of here with a new cell phone... not until my next pay check this weekend, which was in another few days. \"Don't worry about it,\" That same tenor voice spoke from behind me and a 50 dollar bill was handed to the cashier by the same hand I had shaken earlier. I turned to him, alarmed, and grateful. \"You don't have to,\" I said, feeling really bad that someone I just met was paying for my things. How nice! He chuckled. \"Don't mention it. And keep the change, looks like you'll need it.\" \"R-really, I can't!\" I breathed. He put both hands up in the air and waved my replies away. \"No, you can. You need it more than I do. Eh-\" I closed my lips and smiled genuinely before nodding gratefully. My dread of not having a new cell was now erased. I let out a breath of relief. \"Thanks, I-I appreciate it.\" I took the receipt and the change from the cashier and waved a shy goodbye to Chris before exiting the store. Just then thunder started roaring and with my unlucky self, the rain started drizzling down at an incredible speed. I squealed and stepped back underneath the small umbrella like rain cover above the doors and shivered, my shirt already a little wet. It was midday but I was shivering from nerves and being scared. How long was this rain going to last? I couldn't stand here forever... The jingling sound of the door behind me startled me so much I jumped in fright. I turned around and almost crashed into a tall dark figure and muttered, \"Pardon me,\" twice before realizing it was Chris. \"Woah, relax, it's alright,\" he answered before looking out at the thick storm clouds above. \"Hmm, looks like you're not walking home in this rain.\" I eyed him wearily before looking out at the rain wistfully. Usually I would enjoy the rain... but not when I was in a nervous wreck. \"Well... I'll just hire a taxi.\" \"It's obvious by your display in there, that's going to be a problem.\" He stated. I whimpered and sighed in defeat. \"Yeah, well I can manage with the change you let me have.\" He looked at me and shook his head. \"How about my chauffeur give you a ride?\" I widened my eyes in alarm from the 'address giving away thing' again. \"N-no, I couldn't possibly-\" \"I see, I see,\" he hastily responded in silent apology. \"Sorry for alarming you I'm not a dangerous guy, I assure you,\" he laughed. I couldn't believe him straight away but I smiled anyways. \"Thanks for the o-offer,\" I stuttered. \"No problem. You're still not getting home without getting drenched... I can buy you an umbrella.\" \"Pardon me, but that's too much to ask-\" \"An umbrella? No, it's not. It's the least I can do,\" he insisted. \"I-I...\" I couldn't speak. I was out of replies. The rain was making my eyes water and I really was impatient to get home and toss my cell! I was being paranoid again, not accepting a ride from a nice guy, not accepting an umbrella! But then again I was told not to trust strangers. \"The umbrella will be fine.\" He nodded with a pleased smile. \"Alright, umbrella it is.\" He entered the store and I waited, staring out into the bleak dark raindrops falling onto asphalt. Less than a minute later he emerged from the store holding two umbrellas, one purple and one deep blue. He handed me the purple one. \"Th-thanks,\" I muttered shyly. \"Really, don't mention it. I'll see you Friday then, Ann.\" He smiled. I nodded with a smile. \"I'll s-see you Friday, Ch-Chris.\" So I wasn't trusting him now as a stranger, but I'm going to dinner with him Friday? What kind of messed up person am I? Soon it wouldn't matter... he'd have dinner with me Friday and find out how awkward and crazy I am and will never see me again. He waved goodbye and I returned it, before we both opened our umbrellas and headed in opposite directions. I felt the prickling of his gaze on my back but I ignored my urge to glance behind me. Finally when I reached the corner I glanced around and he was glancing my way as well, waving from afar. I blushed and immediately turned back around, pretending I didn't notice him. I turned the corner and headed towards my apartment as fast as I could. When I finally made it home, only my shoes and legs wet, I realized one majour problem. Friday was in two days . I cursed at myself for not thinking of that before. I'd have to ditch my newly met acquaintance and go to the Jeorge Memorial Dance. I had to... or else. I trembled at the thought of being controlled by fear and provocation. I hoped that by doing what this 'stalker' told me to I wouldn't come out on the worse end... Oh, God. Why me?! Why me?![Chapter 5] Chapter 5: Hollywood Syndrome It's Friday. My first day back at Estee Lauder Inc. My jaw is quaking, my lips quivering, arms shaking with four fresh cups of coffee from Starbucks. Exactly how Zach and Stacie like it, artificially flavoured and splenda filled. I always almost vomited from the smell, especially when it spilled on my skin. My new cell phone is in my pocket. I had successfully moved all my contacts to it in less than an hour or so. I had great relief and comfort in knowing I wasn't being stalked by a tracking device. I had thrown my cell phone in the trash and taken it out this morning for pick-up. With a shuddering sigh I had headed to work early for once. The ding of the elevator shocked me out of my stupor. I checked my wristwatch and noticed I was minutes early to work. I sighed and took the few steps out of the elevator, head held high, waiting for the onslaught of complaints hurdled at me like every other day as an intern. Instead... ? A young, chipper Stacie running up to me with the brightest smile I'd ever seen on her face. \"Annie, you're well, I'm so glad you're back at work! It was pitiful without you. I thought we were going to crash,\" She took the coffee from my hand so fast I thought she'd spill it, but she didn't, and it startled me so much I was speechless. She hastily set it on some random counter before embracing me in a chaste hug. Pulling back, she tugged on my arm for me to follow. With widened, alert eyes, I did. I was aware of everyone's gawking eyes, apparently at Stacie's change of behaviour towards me, as we walked towards Zach's office. \"We had many things to prepare while you were gone. Magazine preparations, interviews, dinner dates, laundry, and without you it was just dreadful. I thought we'd never make it through the week.\" \"Pardon me, Stacie,\" I replied quickly with shame in my voice. She interrupted me smoothly. \"Oh, don't be silly! We got everything done by working overtime. Don't feel bad. Intern, are those files faxed like I needed you to do?\" Her demeanour suddenly changed to fierce iron and I winced, prepared for the avalanche. \"P-pardon me,\" I stammered, \"I wasn't aware-\" \"Oh, not you hon',\" Stacie chuckled a bit too lightly. It was then I noticed she was looking at another girl standing ten feet behind me, struggling to carry a two feet thick stack of papers. I gulped and shivered at the similarity to my days at work... \"I'm talking to my new Intern, Ancherise Meridian. She is so handy, not as handy as you, but very reliable.\" \"Oh,\" I mumbled, too shocked to say anymore. She hired a new intern?! Why would she need to do that? Unless I'm fired after all! \"Anyways,\" Stacie rambled on, clueless to my panicked face. \"We have the Jeorge Memorial Dance we've been planning all week. You'll need to attend, I'll have a driver pick you up at 8 o'clock sharp tonight. That will be all your work today, focusing on the tasks for the dance.\" \"Wh-what?\" I stuttered out, jaws gaping as I stopped in my steps. This was too predictable... whoever called me on the phone knew my schedule at work and knew I would be going to that dance tonight... well after being bullied to. What if I said no? What if I said I was busy going to a doctor's appointment or come up with some other excuse? The idea of defying a threat on phone was very tempting, like wanting to make the teacher mad in school. But like usual, I didn't have the gumption to pull through in the scheme. \"Yes, the Memorial Dance! It's going to be the rave. We're going to remember 20 famous celebrities and have quite the pastime experience.\" I had no chance to reply, to say 'no I can't come'. So the deal was made... I was getting picked up at my apartment at 8 to go to the dance. \"Wait, what is my r-role there, Stacie?\" Saying her name still made me shudder, afraid she was going to return to her normal self and snap at me with insults. Again, she didn't... This whole experience was all surreal. Like a dream, but not. \"Oh, wait the coffee-\" I suddenly snapped, turning around to run backwards and fetch it. \"No, no, silly,\" Stacie grabbed my arm and I paused, looking at her pleadingly. \"My intern will get it, you don't need to. Come on, we have a meeting with Zach, let's not be late.\" A meeting with Zach? Oh dear... is this where they drop the marbles and humiliate me? I gritted my teeth together and forced myself not to chatter uncontrollably while I walked with Stacie the rest of the way to Zach's enormous office at the end of the hall. Through the glass windows blinds up I could see Zach lounging in his chair, feet on the desk, staring at the laptop screen boringly. Stacie and I walked in without knocking and she announced our presence. \"Zach, dear. Look who's back!\" Stacie held her hands out at me as if showing me off. Zach looked up from the computer and gave me the most ridiculously large, condescending frown EVER. My teeth chattered, I couldn't help it. I stared in silence, unable to grasp what was happening. Why was he FROWNING? At me? \"Well, hey, welcome back, Annie. We've missed you.\" You've missed me? Inwardly I screamed and my breath started coming out in quick pants. I pursed my lips to force the breathing back before putting on a whimpering shy smile for my boss. \"G-glad to be back, Zach.\" Lies... all lies. He nodded and a few seconds later a clicking noise behind me startled me and caused me to jump. It had been Stacie closing the door, hence leaving me here alone, with my boss. Not good. \"What is it you need, Zach?\" I asked as kindly as I could. \"Well... \" he paused before sitting up in his chair and looking at me intensely. \"We have almost everything ready for the dance tonight. Outfits, decorations, catering service, rentals, invitations sent out. I'm just missing one thing and I'll need you for that...\" I waited for him to tell me. He just sat there silently giving me strange looks, occasionally lowering his eyes to hover over my body. I cleared my throat to keep from stuttering, my heart beating rapidly. Failed. \"Wh-what would that be?\" \"I need a date,\" he said simply and I almost fainted on the spot. \"I was thinking someone about 5'9\" with wavy hair, wearing a wristwatch on her right wrist, not her left, clean face, casual, shy. You know anyone like that?\" Do I know anyone like that?! I glanced at my right wrist, looking at my watch. NO. \"Um... I don't think so.\" I shook my head telling yet another lie. \"I think you do,\" he teased. \"She used to be an intern here, if I'm not mistaken.\" \"Used to be?\" I immediately freaked, not being able to hold my panic here. I started rambling at super speed. \"I-I'm fired? Oh, I knew it. Pardon me, sir. I totally messed up and got lost, went in the wrong building, spilled all the coffee, lost my cell phone, had to run straight across Manhattan, in heels-\" \"Silence!\" he shouted, which made me shout my mouth instantly, eyes shaking in terror. \"I know you've been sick. Forget about it. You're not an intern anymore because you're promoted. You are now, officially a part of Estee Lauder Inc. No strings attached.\" I dropped my jaw in awe. He laughed at me, laughed! Of course I looked silly, and dorky. \"So what about being my date tonight, at the dance? Good, I'll tell Stacie to rearrange the rides. See you at 8 o'clock,\" He spoke so hastily I had no chance to reply and he had already stood, ushered me to the door and shoved me out of his office. But not before letting his hand lingered on my lower back before giving me a flicker of some strange sensation in his eyes and closing the door. I shuddered and felt like going in there and slapping him for touching me like that. He was a man-whore, one who slept with the young interns, I knew it. I was one of the only two who he hadn't... dammit, now he's eying me. What if all this 'charade' is an act to get me in his pants?! What if Zach bribed Stacie to be nice to me so he could get me to like him? The promotion, the nicety acts, the date at the dance, the new intern... it was all a ruse. Every puzzle piece was coming together in my head, but I could not come up with a good plan to stop it. Every possibility ended in failure. If I turned Zach down and told him I wasn't going to the dance then I would be fired for real. If I went to the dance with him and he 'wooed' me, and I refused to dance with him or 'cuddle' with him, then he would get mad and fire me. Every solution was not working... and I was panicking. All the while Stacie walked up to me and took my arm, a great smile on her face. \"Lets go have coffee,\" she offered. And I nodded too stunned to speak. ... We ended up going to Starbucks. GOING to Starbucks! At the beginning of the work day! Stacie and I ended up talking about all the things planned for the dance, and picking out our outfits. She told me we were going shopping that day and parading around town for 2 or so hours before lunch to get all that we needed. She had a dress ironed and laundered, prepared for her, but she wanted to help me. So we ended up going to Macy's and she bought me, I mean it! She bought me a very expensive jeweled dress that fit me like a glove. It was daring midnight blue with bow-tie top, flowing down past my hips and trailing behind my back to touch the floor barely. There were silver sparkling gems for the hem, a silver ribbon at my ribcage. It had matching gloves that reached to my elbows as well. It was a tube-top, so I was worried about it falling off, but surprisingly it held up perfectly. I was also conscious about showing off my back and shoulders! Stacie said I was being so silly and that I looked gorgeous, and that with some make up, shoes, and fixing up my hair the package would be complete! I tried saying no... but Stacie being pushy as she was, and me being a run-over, I complied. By lunch time I had been pampered with manicures, pedicures, facials, and mineral make up to the point where I looked like a fashionista. Looking in the mirror I gawked unreal like, trying to recognize the fashion model in the mirror. Did I really have shimmering cream skin like that? The bold brown eyeliner around my eyes brought out the blue. Are my lips really heart-shaped and pouty looking?! The most shocking transformation was my hair... I had cried and refused for Stacie to highlight my hair. So finally she insisted on just a haircut and curls. The finale was subtle waves at my shoulder blades, parted on the left side so that my hair had maximum volume. There was bangs that reached my ears, curling intensely and casting a bit of shadow over my forehead. Oh, and it made me whimper at the earrings in my ears... Sapphire hearts. I did not look like Annie anymore... Stacie even said so. She said it was about time I used my real name. Not the shortened version. \"Good, now you will come to the dance tonight as Annalyn Fashion Designer, not Annie the Intern.\" Stacie said. Yup, Annalyn is my full first name. I never tell anyone but it's in my resume. I squinted harder to try and clear the slight blurriness at the edges and went to my book bag to put on my glasses. \"Uh, uh!\" Stacie protested, snatching the broad rimmed glasses from my hands. She broke them so fast I gasped and whimpered, watching the spectacles make their way to the trash can. \"From now on you're wearing contacts.\" So that was the last thing... at 4 that afternoon I had gotten contacts. It was uncomfortable at first. Stacie assured me that by the time of the dance I won't even notice them... I hope she was right. By 6, I was exhausted, having done more in that one day than all my sweaty work days in my entire life. Everyone at work had stopped their tasks to stare at my transformation, even a few whistles from the cream make up department. I had blushed and smiled, soaking up the attention despite the inclinations behind it. Doesn't everyone like a little attention? Finally at home in my apartment I sunk into my couch and closed my eyes, mercifully thankful for the end of a strenuous day. Another thing about that 'promotion'... it had quadrupled my paycheck. So when I had cashed my money in I almost fainted on the spot. So now instead of barely scraping by I had enough money to put back and save for a greater cause... my dream at becoming a true fashion designer. ... It's 6:43. I almost forgot about meeting that guy I met, Chris, at the pizzeria! I would have to tell him I couldn't stay more than half an hour. He'd be ditched... but at least I would be safe. Something else Stacie had done while we were out 'shopping'... She'd bought me an entire new wardrobe. Three outfits that were, simple to say, extremely daring and 'enticing' for lack of more dirty slang words. I had been trying one outfit on when I glanced at the clock and freaked out, immediately combing my pampered hair with my fingers and rushing out of my apartment as fast as I could. I hired a taxi and told him the address, fiddling with my fingers as I waited to arrive. I got there at 5 minutes until 7. With a 'phew' I waited outside of the Pizzeria. Everything felt like a rush. The entire day felt like an hour... now these 5 minutes felt like eternity while I tapped my feet nervously on the pavement, staring at the sparkly new green pumps. \"Hey, Annie!\" I looked up startled to see Chris with a big smile. \"H-hi!\" I stuttered out with a shy smile, blushing. \"Wow, breathtaking,\" he complimented me, looking over my body, and my blush grew deeper. \"Th-thanks,\" I stuttered nervously. \"Well, time to go in then,\" he held out his arm and I nervously wrapped my arm around it. I saw my reflection in the glass as we both turned around to enter V&T.; Oh, God what was I wearing?! Of course he would say 'breathtaking'! I would NEVER wear something like this without Stacie buying it for me first! I was wearing metallic silver skin-hugging leggings down to the ankles, Tori V-Neck Leopard-Print dress that was modified to be mid-thigh, and the sparkly green pumps. I was holding a matching leopard-print coin purse. I looked like one of those models for Vogue, only without the megaton of make-up! I was so stunned, Chris nudged me gently. \"You alright?\" \"Oh, yes,\" I smiled nervously and we entered the V&T.; I totally forgot about ditching him for a second, too entranced by this new look I had. I had this urge to flaunt my figure and make myself look very good for this Chris, and try not to be so awkward. I guess I had the 'Hollywood' syndrome... I had always seen in movies the girls who get transformed like this and turn into bitches. I thought I was immune to that... but this swelling sensation in my breast, the one that tells you 'you're beautiful, you're hot, you're a knock out, and you like to be liked' just kept swelling, and swelling like a balloon of something lighter than even helium! I don't know if I'm on the road to Bitchland. But I do know that I'm starting to like this attention... Boy was I in for a surprise. ","Summary":" NOTE: This is my first attempt at making a fanfiction for any movie that doesn't involve a series. "},{"Movie":"Hook","Title":"Piratica","Author":"MidnightRaven323","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10122108","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Tadaa~~~ The long –awaited sequel to I Gotta Go My Own Way is here! Here we have a new plot, new enemies, and a new cast as well! In my head, Lailani is currently played by Sam Pinto(Filipina Model), as can be seen on the cover image, while Rufio is played by Boo Boo Stewart ^-^ A bit farfetched, maybe, but I love Boo Boo! Disclaimer: I DO NOT OWN HOOK, TINKERBELL AND FRIENDS OR ANY OTHER RECOGNIZABLE CONTENT BUT I DO OWN LANI AND THE NEW STORY PLOT. Piratica 'Treasure, that is what you are Honey, you're my golden star You know you can make my wish come true If you let me treasure you If you let me treasure you ' If you head towards the second star to the right and fly straight on till morning, you'll come to Neverland, a magical island where mermaids play and children never grow up. When you arrive, you might hear something like the tinkling of little bells. Follow that sound and you'll find Pixie Hollow, the secret heart of Neverland. A great old maple grows in Pixie Hollow and in it lives hundreds of fairies and sparrowmen. Among them was Tinker Bell, right-hand fairy of Peter Pan before he left for the Mainland. They were reunited years later, when the evil Captain Hook kidnapped the grown-up Peter's children and caused him and his eldest daughter to come to Neverland and rescue them. Tinker Bell was in the middle of sorting through her found 'lost things' when Spring, a Message-Talent fairy crashed through her door, only to hover over her shoulder panting slightly, as if she'd flown a great distance. \"Tink! I have…a message…from Rufio. He said to meet him…by Crocodile Creek!\" Spring said, in between huffs. In that instant, Tink already knew what this about. Without a second thought, she dropped what she was doing and flew out the door. \"Thanks for the message! Fly with you later!\" She called back to Spring, who could only shake her head in exasperation. Flying as fast as she could, Tinker Bell wove her way down the corridors and out of the Home Tree with haste. The Lost Boys' leader was never patient, and he'd been waiting for this day since the year before. She made it to Crocodile Creek in record time, if she did say so herself. Except, she was flying with so much speed, it was difficult to stop. \"Brakes! I need brakes! Help – Oomph !\" She collided head first into a large leaf. \"Tinker Bell, that you?\" The Lost Boys' chief himself emerged from behind some trees upstream. \"Right here.\" Tink answered rubbing her forehead before flitting up to perch on Rufio's shoulder. Ever since the grown-up Peter left with his family, relations between the two of them smoothed over and a partnership formed, just like the one between herself and Peter. Actually, not quite. Tinkerbell served as more of an advisor than actual partner. The events from last year affected everything and everyone, no matter how little the change. Everything seemed more…Right. Even the Boys had changed, appearance-wise anyway. They didn't grow up, no, never that. They only aged. Their excuse for letting themselves age was \"Lani's gonna look different when she comes back, right? We wanna change too!\" Speaking of whom… \"It's been a full year on the Mainland, hasn't it?\" Rufio questioned his tone even, not betraying the thoughts and emotions churning within him. \"Yes, it has,\" Tink replied. \"I was going to head over there tonight.\" Melrose High, Avondale, Arizona \"Ladies, do you know what day it is?\" A blonde girl grinned, addressing four others enjoying their free period. Two were African-American; one was eating a Mars bar while the other was on her phone. The other two consisted of another blonde, absentmindedly twirling her hair, and a raven-haired Asian, chewing on some gum. \"Um,Friday?\" The other blonde offered in her valley girl accent. \"Yes, Desiree, but no,\" the first blonde shook her head. \"Anyone else but Miss California over here?\" she patted Desiree's head lightly. \"How can it be a yes but no?\" Desiree asked confusedly. She was a little… slower than the others. \"Never mind Des, never mind. can't ya'll see I'm tryin' ta eat here?\"The larger of the two darker girls said, and to emphasize her point, she took another bite out of her chocolate bar. \"Sorry, we would hate to bother you, Kirresha,\" the first blonde said sarcastically. \"Easy there, Cerise,\" Lailani smiled, before blowing a bubble with her gum. \"Pfft,\" Cerise scoffed. \"Come on , Lala! You of all people should know what today is!\" \"They're just messin' wit'chu ,\" the last member of their little group spoke up, pocketing her phone. \"We all know it's the last day of school!\" \"Thank you, Tasha!\" Cerise exclaimed, satisfied that someone actually bothered to answer her question. \"And we have fifteen minutes till the bell rings,\" Lani added. \"Free period too.\" \"Fifteen minutes?!\" Tasha repeated. \"We only have fifteen minutes to get changed out of these uniforms, move it girls!\" And with that, the dark skinned girl picked up everyone's bags and practically shoved them into their owners' arms before dragging them to the nearest girl's lavatory. \"Remind me again why Melrose makes its students where two inch heels?\" Lani complained, kicking off her school shoes. \"Apparently it makes us look more classy ,\" Cerise answered. \"Though I don't see how with skirts this short.\" At that, she tugged off her red and black plaid school skirt and replaced it with one of her own. \"Preach it!\" Encouraged Tasha, loosening the red school tie around her neck. They shared a laugh as the others switched their school uniform with their own clothes that they had stashed in their bags. The bell went and whoops of joy and laughter were heard as more girls began to occupy the bathroom. School was officially out for the year. Lani quickly donned in pale slim-fit jeans, coupled with a white midriff-baring top and long-sleeved denim button-up over it. She promptly shoved her uniform and school shoes into her navy blue gym-bag, moving her basket ball and fencing sword aside to make room. Lacing up the black sneakers now on her feet and throwing her hair up into a ponytail, she waited for her other friends to finish dressing. Kirresha was the first to announce their next destination. \"To the Court!\" The Court was three blocks away from Melrose High, and less than two blocks away from everyone's houses. Therefore, it was the most popular hang-out for the high school crowd, especially since the adults acknowledged this as a student-only zone. The walk from school to the Court wasn't very far, but it seemed longer than usual with the heat bearing down on them. Despite it being supposedly winter, it felt like late summer. Cerise had already shed the cropped jacket she'd been wearing, and Lani had done the same with her denim shirt. By the time they arrived, the boys were already there and playing basketball. \"Shirts versus Skins, yum~~~\" Desiree said appreciatively, eying a tall brunet who was the skin's team Centre as they sat on the first two steps of the metal bleachers bordering the Court. \"Hola, chicas,\" a tanned boy with unruly black hair greeted as he took a seat a step down from them. \"Hey, Lupo,\" Lani greeted. \"How'd you lot get here so fast?\" \"Warren got his licence two weeks ago,\" Lupo jerked his head towards the brunet Des had been eyeing earlier. \"And DJ got his older bro to drive as well.\" \"Dayuum!\" Tasha suddenly exclaimed, making her friends snap their heads towards her, but her eyes were drawn to the shirtless youth playing as Power Forward. \"Who's that? I ain't ever seen him around here before.\" Lupo looked to where Tasha's attentions were, and he only shrugged. \"We were a player short and he knew how to play. He's pretty good too. 'Said his name's Dante.\" ' Dante?' Lani cocked her head slightly. He was tall, standing at least a head taller than herself with tanned skin and a clearly well toned body. His hair was black and spiky, with blood red highlights here and there. He looked so familiar, but at the same time, not at all. He looked like… \"Hey Lani! Shoot, girl, shoot!\" She was jerked out of her thoughts by Dj's loud voice. It was only then she had noticed that their ball had rolled by her feet. She picked up the ball, tossing it from hand to hand for a few moments then took a few steps forwards, preparing to shoot. She doubted it would make it, she was at the edge of the court, but oh well. With that last though, she made the shot, watching the ball seemingly in slow motion as it neared the basket. \"Yes!\" she cheered as the shot went in, letting out a breath she didn't know she was holding. She fist-bumped Lupo when she sat back down. \"Girl, I think new boy's lookin' your way,\" Tasha cooed. No. It couldn't be…could it? He smirked. Okay, maybe it could be. There was only one person Lani would associate with such a signature quirk, and he was supposed to be over a hundred thousand miles away. But then she supposed that she would hardly recognize Rufio without is triple -striped hair and red and leather ensemble. Though, now that she looked closer, there were definite similarities. Instead of the three big stripes in his hair, only the tips of his hair had the red highlights, and in place of the array of bones around his neck, there was simply a shark-tooth necklace. Also, he was wearing different clothing to fit in. For some reason, Rufio –or Dante, as he had told the others- kept looking back and forth between herself and someplace else. Following his line of sight, she saw a familiar golden glow, visible even with the mid-day sun shining. ' Tinker Bell?' Yes, that glittery glow was unmistakeable. 'But why?' And then it hit her, the reason why Rufio had shown himself and why Tink was hiding behind the bleachers: It had been exactly one year. As if Rufio knew that she had figured it out, he called to the rest of his team and said it was time for him to go. Nodding at the invites to play again sometime, he shared one last glance with Lani before he left the vincity. Knowing that it was time for her to go, she turned to her friends. \"I have to go, I still have, um… things to pack…\" \"Why? Where are you going?\" Cerise asked, giving her friend her full attention. \"Dad's sending me to a boarding school in London, remember?\" She asked, using the excuse that she and the old Pan had come up with to explain her absence. It was a good excuse, considering that she had also mentioned that it was a strict school and her communication with her friends would be next to non-existent. \"Oh, that's right! You're totally ditching us for some stuck-up boarding school pricks! \"Cerise –\" \"YA'LL LISTEN UP!\" \" LANI'S LEAVING US SO GET YOUR ASSES IN GEAR AND SAY BYE!\" Kirresha and Tasha's loud announcement was instantly met with waves and choruses of 'Bye Lani' s and ' See ya Lani' or in Lupo's case ' Ciao chica, don't go forgetin' us, ya' hear?' Ha, like that would ever happen. \"Don't worry guys, I won't be gone forever.\" Now usually, when a school girl finds herself pulled into an alley, the first thing she would do would be flail, scream, and kick her attacker. But not Lani, nope, she did the exact opposite. \"How did this happen?\" Lani asked in surprise, releasing the taller male from her tight embrace. \"I believe it's called puberty,\" Rufio answered bluntly. \"A lot can change in one year, at least, on the Mainland it does. But apparently the same could happen back home if we wanted it to.\" \"So you're saying you let yourself grow up?\" Lani asked, leaning against the graffiti-covered wall. \"Next thing you know, you won't believe in fairies anymore.\" \"Never. We just aged,\" he shrugged. \"It was Too Small's idea.\" Lani nodded in understanding. \"Besides, I already know fairies exist, how could I doubt that?\" \"Knowing is not the same as believing.\" Lani answered, just as Tinker Bell whizzed towards them, perching on Lailani's shoulder and hugging the girl's neck. \"Nice to see you to, Tink,\" she patted the fairy's head lightly with her finger. Now that Tinker Bell hadf arrived, Rufio decided it was time for them to go, thinking that Lailani had said goodbye to her family already. \"Next stop, Never Land…\" \"Not yet,\" Lani shook her head, taking Rufio's hand and hers before leading the way to her house, while Tink flew off her shoulder and stayed out of sight along the way. \"I have to say goodbye to Jack and Magdalene –Maggie,\" she clarified. \"And there's still something I need to get…\" In the Captani's Quarters of the Jolly Roger, a lone figure was bent over the heavy mahogany table, pouring over the old maps and yellowed texts that littered the table's surface, along with a candle for light and multiple navigation equipment. Every so often, he would glance at the sand glass at the corner of the room. They were so close to their goal, the sole mission their old Captain had entrusted them with before his untimely demise. Yet they were still getting no where! They could do nothing without the final key ingredient to unlocking the treasure they so desperately seeked. Even if they knew it's location, the chest would remain locked and useless without it's key and the final ingredient. He held up the parchment in his hands in front of the candle's dying flame, a flame so faint, he almost missed the writing along the margin of the parchment. Visible only…in front of a flame. He peered at the writing closer, trying to make out the almost invisible words written in a cursive script. \" Sangre de el custos… \" His eyes narrowed at the passage. \"The blood of the Keeper… who's the Keeper?\" Sorry if it seems a little rushed, I wanted to get straight into the story! I expect feed back, meaning reviews people! What do you think will happen next? o.o Also, the Link to Lani's outfits can be found on my profile! ~MidnightRaven323[Chapter 2] Oops, accidently reposted the first chapter T^T New Cast catchup! Lani:Sam Pinto Rufio: Boo Boo Stewart Jake: Morgan Benoit Isabel aka 'Izzy': Madison Pettis Leo aka 'Cubby': Cody Simpson Dario: Leo Howard Piratica 'The sun goes down The stars come out And all that counts Is here and now My universe will never be the same I'm glad you came' By the time they reached Never Land, the sun was just starting to rise above the horizon, causing gold threads shot out across the rosy sky like the gold veining in expensive marble. The golden glow from Tink's pixie dust allowed Lailani to fly virtually through the air, towards the Hangman's Tree, as they blended in with the sky's hues. A little ways in front of her, Tinker Bell flew with Rufio. No, that wasn't right, guided was the more appropriate word. Lani found it strange that though the Chief also glowed with Pixie dust, he was relying on the fairy to do all the work, while he was pulled behind her. She was about to question the strange occurrence, but something else below them caught her attention. The Jolly Roger, anchored off shore and still ready to sail on the Never Sea. \"I thought the pirates were defeated?\" She asked, seeing a few early risers opening up the few businesses on the court, the majority of which looked like pirates, or otherwise sailors. \"Hook was defeated.\" Rufio clarified, his voice taking on a sharper edge. \"Hook was Pan's rival, sure, but he wasn't the only pirate we had been watching out for. Now someone's taken his place.\" She would have to bring up her question again later. \" Captain !\" The young, raven haired-figure barely looked up as his First Mate burst in unannounced into his chambers. His eyes were still scrutinizing the same passage that he had discovered not long ago, having failed at finding any more hidden words on the parchment. \"What is it Izzy?\" The Captain asked. At that, a slender, green-feathered parrot flew into the room, placing a scroll it had in its claws in front of the captain before flying to perch on Izzy's shoulder. \"Skully snatched it up from Torth Mountain.\" Izzy said, stroking the bird and fixing the black bandana it had on its head. \"It was part of Kyto's hoard?\" he asked, lightly tracing the charred edges of the battered scroll. \"Aye, Sir.\" That would explain the scorch marks and hints of gold dust. Skimming the contents of the scroll written in the same script of the hidden message, he resisted the urge to laugh in triumph. This was it, the clues to the Grimoire, and the instructions to learn the secrets within it. The scroll also revealed the existence of another key figure in this hunt for magic: A Seer, one who had a say in fate, who could alter the course of destiny. . . \"If that's all, you are dismissed,\" he waved his hand dismissively at the girl, wanting to properly read through the new information he had been given. Izzy nodded, making her way to the exit with Skully still on her shoulder. She paused at the doorway, remembering another small detail that the lookout had said. \"And also, Captain, Rufio has been spotted returning to Never Land, and he isn't alone.\" \"Oh? In that case, tell Cubby –Leo- to set sail for the Port. If there are any new comers to this island I'd like to of them.\" \"Aye, Sir.\" Izzy repeated, then leaving altogether to tell the Ship Master to set sail. She sighed, running a hand through her large curls of light brown hair. \"How do you think this venture of ours will turn out, Skully?\" She asked the bird. \" Abandon ship! Abandon ship!\" The parrot squawked in answer, flying away in a flurry of green feathers. \"Well gee, isn't that comforting . . .\" \"LANI'S BACK! LANI'S BACK! LOST BOYS, LOST BOYS WAKE UP! LANI'S BACK!\" Lailani smiled to herself as she felt a wave of déjà vu wash over her. This was the exact same thing that had happened when she had first come to Never Land. As soon as they stood on ground again, Tinker Bell had taken off like a shot and took it upon herself to wake up the Lost Boys, never mind that it was barely after dawn. Suddenly finding herself being glomped by half a dozen familiar faces, Lani couldn't help but laugh. \"Damn, you guys have g-\" She paused in mid-sentence. She had been about to say 'grown up' but that wouldn't be right. \"-gotten bigger. Yeah, I'm sure you're all at least a few inches taller.\" The day had barely started, the excitement from Lani's return died down and right now the only thing on everyone's mind was food. Biting into a crisp apple, Lani pulled herself up onto a sturdy branch of a tree not too far from the kitchen. It was funny, despite being called 'Hangman's Tree' their hideout was more like many trees with interlocking branches and close-growing trunks, forming a leafy maze from the canopy with bridges of thick vines and wooden platforms. Bellow her, Rufio leaned against the tree trunk, an amused look on his face as he watched Thud Butt arguing with Don't Ask and Latchboy over who would get the last blueberry muffin. Nearby, No Nap, Pockets, and Too Small play-fought with wooden swords while Ace stood by as the referee. Other Boys who Lani had only met and spoke with briefly or a handful who must have been new –judging by their modern appearance- were still digging into their breakfasts or otherwise occupying themselves one way or another. \"They're getting real good,\" Lani commented, seeing Too Small fending off a double attack from No Nap and Pockets. Having finished with her apple, she tossed the core toward a bush she caught a pair of rabbit ears poking out of. Rufio grunted in agreement, though he frowned when he noticed No Nap leaving his left side open more than he would of liked. \"Soon, they'll be doing just fine holding their own.\" She smiled, reaching into her jean pocket to touch the familiar coolness of the silver vial. It was the main reason she had stopped by her house before leaving for Neverland. Now that she was here, it was time to return it to its rightful owner. \"Hey Rufio, catch!\" He barely looked up, deftly catching the objet that Lani had tossed down. Staring at it, he realized it was the silver vial containing the healing cordial he had given to her the previous year. He held it by the chain in front of him, watching a ray of sunlight reflecting off the shiny surface. Shaking his head with a smile, he tossed it back up to her. \"Hold onto it for me.\" Lani caught it and place it around her neck once more, and then a loud caw near her ear made her wince. Looking around for the source of the sound, she caught sight of a green parrot with a black bandana landing on the wooden railings of a flight of stairs leading to the rest of the hideout. \"Hey it's Skully!\" Pockets explained. \"Hey Chief, I think he has somethin'! \"Damned pirates. . .\"Rufio spat, retrieving a small piece of rolled up parchment from the bird's leg. His eyes skimmed over the words written in black ink with Tink hovering over his shoulder, reading as well. Apparently they didn't like what they had read, since Rufio had scrunched up the paper and tossed it away, not caring where it landed while Tink's golden glow flushed red. \"Thud, Lani and Dario, grab a sword,\" he instructed picking up his golden sword that Tink had been trying to drag behind her. Lani had recognized Thud, but she didn't know who Dario was. It turns out the brunet was one of the older ones, and apparently one of Rufio's best with a sword. But why would they need swords anyway? And Thud Butt was Rufio's Lieutenant, what was suddenly so important? \"Rufio, where are we going?\" She asked, gratefully accepting a slim silver sword Latchboy had handed her. \"Down to the Port,\" Rufio answered. \"It seems that the new kapitan wants to talk. \" They reached the Port at around mid-morning, Rufio frowning at the large number of pirates present. A tall, well-built blond with a rounded face ushered them onto the deck of the Jolly Roger, the small group tensing at all the eyes looking their way. The ship was exactly as Lani remembered it, to the point where she had to make sure that Rufio was still in front of her and not dying on the quarterdeck as she remembered. She could see it so clearly, as if the final battle was happening all over again, only this time she was watching the chaos instead of fighting in it. But she knew it was just her memories resurfacing. A strangely familiar voice broke through her reminiscing. \"Thanks Cubby, I'll take it from here. The Captain wants to see them.\" The blond, 'Cubby', groaned in annoyance. \"I told you to stop calling me that, Izzy! I'm not ten years old anymore!\" He left them anyways, muttering under his breath about stupid first mates and dolphins being better than people. Lani glanced at the newcomer, taking in what stood out most about them. Surprisingly, the other pirate was female, looking not much older than herself. Lani also took note of the wild, light brown curls and loose, pale pink shirt the other girl wore. Those two things made her look twice, and suddenly, an image of a much younger girl with shorter curls running around in a pink dress swam before her eyes. Lani blinked twice, and then cautiously asked, \"Isabel?\" The girl, Izzy, paused in mid-step barely a few meters away from the Captain's Quarters. She slowly turned around, taking a closer look at the black haired girl who had accompanied Rufio's vanguard. She hadn't really payed much attention to her, since she was practically hiding behind Rufio the entire time. When she realized who she was looking at, she gasped. \"Lailani?\" Rufio looked between the two girls, exchanging looks with Dario and Thud who were also clueless to how Lailani knew the Jolly Roger's new First Mate. A brief explanation was provided by Lani, explaining that Izzy –or Isabel as Lani called her – was also one of Wendy's orphans, like a younger sister to Lani. At least, that was before she was separated from them during a trip to the beach. Wendy had fretted for weeks afterwards, not knowing what would happen to Izzy. At that point Izzy had interjected, saying that shortly afterwards she had met Cubby after literally running into him after nabbing an apple from cart. That had been 6 years ago. No one had ever seen or heard from Izzy again until now. \"Enough of that,\" Izzay waved off. \"The Captain is waiting. . .\" The Captain was seated behind his desk –Skully perched on his shoulder- when Izzy ushered his 'guests' in. \"Rufio,\" he greeted as the Chief entered, along with his 'entourage' and the First Mate. \"Jake.\" Rufio answered curtly. Jake rested his chin in his hand.\". . .There should be a Captain in there somewhere. . .\" Rufio ignored him, not wanting to spend any more time surrounded by pirates than needed. His hand never strayed from the hilt of his sword. \"What business do you have here, Jake?\" \"A little birdie told me . . . that there was a new face on the island.\" Jake answered, his voice almost playful as he stroked Skully's green feathers. Out of the corner of his eye, he looked at the girl who had come in with Rufio, almost blocked from his sight by the Chief. \"I take it that's you?\" Lani didn't like it here, the Jolly Roger reminded her too much of the previous year's events. Despite the fact that Hook was gone, the new Captain resembled him in such a way it was impossible they weren't related. Just as Hook had, Jake intimidated her. There was a look in his eyes that sent a chill down her spine. She covered up her unease with her usual front. \"I wouldn't know, I'm not exactly a new face.\" \"Is that right. . .\" Jake trailed off, reaching out and plucking a single scroll from a pile beside the desk. His eyes skimmed over it before waving his hand in a shooing motion. \"Leave us, this is a talk between leaders,\" he slid the scroll towards Rufio. Rufio eyes the scroll, brow furrowing at what was written. \"Thud, you and the others wait for me back at the Port. This won't take long. . ..\" Izzy held the door open for them. Lani was the first to leave, confident that Rufio could hold his own should things go wrong. Dario followed shortly after, though Thud Butt lingered a little longer, shaking his head but following after the other two nonetheless. After nodding at the Captain, Izzy left also. Rufio had finished reading the majority of the scroll, but he was still puzzled as to why Jake had shown him this. Why the sudden interest in the Grimoire? There was actually suppose to be two more scenes but I sort of got lazy and cut it off there… So instead, how about a sneak peak at the next chapter? Up next. . . \"Captain, there has been another arrival.\" \"Oh?\" ... \"What's your name, sweetie?\" \"Angelique, \"the girl responded meekly. \"My name is Angelique.\" You can imagine what happens next. Those few lines are sort of like the previews that they show on TV shows about the following episode XD ~MidnightRaven323[Chapter 3] Piratica 'Tiger on the prowl East of Eden Coming for you now Keep me from the cages under the control Running in the dark to find East of Eden' \"Do you think the Chief's okay?\" Thud Butt wondered out loud, his gaze continuously shifting back towards the pirate ship while Dario looked about the shops by the docks for any shady business. \"If there was a problem, we wouldn't be sitting around here.\" Lani answered, standing by an up-turned barrel. To be honest, she had other things to think about. Like how her once-sister became First Mate of the Jolly Roger. Thud still looked uneasy; it had been a while since they had left the Jake's cabin and they hadn't received word since. The scene hadn't changed, they still waited by closed tavern while sailors and pirates alike passed by. The crew on the Jolly Roger went about their business, nothing looking out of the ordinary –but one could never be too careful. The new crew were smarter than their predecessors. There were the clacks of boots against the wood of the docks and Izzy stood before them, still keeping a respectable distance between herself and other three with a package in her hands. Izzy sighed at their guarded posture. \"We have no reason to harm you, so we won't, \"she then inclined her head towards Lailani.\"Lani, can we talk?Please?\" Lani exchanged a swift glance with the other two before nodding her consent and following the first mate to an alley between the closed tavern and a map store. Izzy was considerate enough to allow Lani a clear view of the Jolly Roger should anything happen. \"Here, I got these for you. . .\" Izzy said softly, handing the other girl the parcel in her hands. Lani accepted it and looked at the package curiously. With a nod of encouragement from Izzy, she peeled back the layers of paper, revealing a folded off-white shirt and black pants underneath. \"What is this for?\" she asked. Izzy huffed, refusing to meet the older girl's eyes, suddenly finding the ground very interesting. \"I just thought you would like to change out of those Mainland clothes.\" She hesitated before continuing. \"You're probably wondering how I ended up here but . . . it's kind of a long story.\" \"Clearly.\" Lani stated, wrapping up the clothes again. \"Thanks for the clothes, I'll put them on back at the Tree. As much as I would love to find out how on Earth you became a pirate , there are more important things I need to worry about.\" \"Jake won't hurt him.\" \"Sorry?\" \"I said, 'Jake won't hurt him.'\" Izzy repeated with a defensive shrug. \"He can't, not without angering the Lost Boys. And beleve me, we already have enough to deal with other than volleys of arrows and cutlery and what not.\" Did she hear that right? Lailani had to hear that again. That was weird even for Neverland.\"Cutlery?\" \"It's another long story. But my point is, Jake views Rufio as an equal as strange as it may seem. They may hate eachother's guts but there's still some respect between leaders. Why else would the Captain kick everone else out of the room? \" \"Maybe so that Captain could stab him in the back? Slip Rufio some poison? I get the gist of how pirates think.\" Lani tucked the parcel into a more comfortable position under her arm. She huffed. It was strange to be so out the loop. Despite only a year passing, a lot of new events had taken place. \"I don't like Jake. He gives me bad vibes.\" It may not have been the best idea to confess that to a pirate, but that pirate also happened to be a childhood friend. An exception could be mde. \"Look, Jake is ruthless and ambitious I'll admit. But he has his own twisted morals. If anything he'll be trying to recruit Rufio's help. \" Izzy kicked up some dirt as she began to pace. She needed to seriously explain this. \"We have something we're trying to find. Time is running out,the Captain's desperate to get his hands on it. Even if it means a –temporary- alliance with Rufio's boys.\" The heavy doors of the Captain's cabin flew open with such a force that they rebounded off the walls on eitherside. The loitering crews' heads flew up at the sound, only to carry on with their duties when they were met with the withering glare of a thoroughly fuming Rufio. \"As rough as you are, I would appreciate it if you were more gentle to my ship.\" Jake called after the Chief as he walked away without a backwards glance. \"Your uncle complained a lot less even after we cut down the masts.\" Rufio threw back, not needing to turn around to see that the barb had wiped Jake's smug look off his face. \"My offer will stand until sundown tomorrow.\" Jake grit out, not pleased with being admonished. \"If you don't change your mind,well then. Stay out of our way.\" Rufio did not answer as he crossed over the gangplank , but the new Captain's warning only encouraged even more to do the opposite. They would get in the way. Very much so. His eyes narrowed in mistrust as the Jolly Roger's first mate past him, obviously coming from the direction he was heading towards. \"Dario, Thud, we're heading back,\" his eyes flicked over to Lani, then to the parcel in her possession. \"What's that, and what did she want?\" \"Just clothes, so I don't need to wear the ones from Amer- Mainland.\" It would take a while to get use to Neverland phrases again. \"And she filled me in on what's been going on lately. About what you and the Captain were discussing.\" \"In detail?\" Rufio questioned, looking over his shoulder to check on Dario and Thud. Both stood at attention, ready to leave for the Hangman's Tree. \"No, just vaguely. But I understand the situation better now.\" \"I'll explain later. To all of you.\" When Izzy returned to the ship, Jake was already shouting out orders to set sail. They would return to Skull Island search the scrolls for clues one last time before their search for the Keeper began the following day. As well as dock there for the night. It was their stronghold after all. \"Get a move on and quit lollygagging!\" She barked at a pair who were playing a game of Blackjack rather than helping. Izzy paused near Jake's quarters, gazing out at the docks once more. She could makeout four figures disappearing into the jungle. It was Lani and the Lost Boys for sure. Something else in her peripheral caught her attention and drew her gaze upwards. Something fell out of the sky. At first there was a shining bright light, akin to a shooting star,then a flurry of white plummeted somewhere to the west. It must of landed in the West, just off Mermaid Lagoon. As soon as she lost sight of it, she immediately pushed open the solid door to relay the news to Jake. A falling 'star' could only mean one thing. \"Captain, there has been another arrival.\" Was it just her, or was this it taking longer to get back to the Hangman's Tree than it was to leave it? And these parts seemed more overgro- \"-Woah!\" In the time that Lani had briefly spaced out, she failed to dodge the incoming vine flying her way. Just one of many that Dario and Rufio were haphazardly slashing down to clear a somewhat decent walk way. Yes, definitely more overgrown. \"My bad,\" Dario sheepishly called over his soldier before resuming his task. Lani sighed, pausing a moment to move the vine out Thud's way, so the poor guy woudn't have to suffer getting wacked in the face as she had been. Thud smiled brightly in thanks. He looked up towards the canopy, peering up at the sky through the thick foliage to calculate how much time had passed since they left the Port. \"Hey Rufio, why are we taking the long way 'round?\" He called up to their stony faced leader at the head of their procession. \"We could've cut across Indian Camp ground like before instead of passing by Mermaid Lagoon.\" Rufio didn't answer. \"Coolin' off his head maybe?\" Dario offered in explanation, voice hushed as though their leader wouldn't hear him regardless. \"Considering he jus-\" The ground trembled beneath their feet with such a force that Lani fell to her knees. One hand clutched the parcel from Izzy while the other fisted the gnarled roots that crawled across the jungle floor to stabilise herself until the tremor stopped. Ahead Rufio and Dario clung to each other and the overhanging vines for support. In truth the short tremor wasn't severe, but it was unexpected. Thud pushed himself off the tree trunk he had braced himself against. \"Sounded like a dragon crashed or something!\" \"Or something,\" Rufio sprinted off into the underbrush, viciously hacking at the plants that blocked his way.\"This way!\" A look of exasperation was shared between the remaining three. But who were they to question their fearless leader's intuition? Falling. She was falling. Or was she flying? There was no telling what had been going on, maybe she was dreaming. Flashes of light appeared beneath her heavy eyelids, like vivid fireworks every colour of the rainbow. There for a second then gone the next. The only constant thing was the sound of the wind rushing past her ears. She stayed like that for a long while, unable to open her eyes for some reason. The next thing she was aware of was four faces peering down at her and a rough hand shaking her shoulder. She blinked thrice in quick succession, coming to her senses and focusing more on the unfamiliar faces. The one shaking her she noticed first, partially because of his eye-catching hair. His expression was so grim that she found herself shying away. Two other faces were considerably more friendly-looking, both shared an expression of simple curiosity. The last face she identified appeared concerned and some of the initial unease left her body at the sight of another girl. Lani was taken aback when the strange girl pushed herself up and tightly clung to her side. Almost cautiously, she patted the girls back to get her to ease her grip a fraction. Lani stared accusingly at Rufio.\"I think you scared her.\" \"Wha-?\" Rufio balked at the accusation. It's not like he was trying to intimidate the girl but he didn't exactly like the way she dropped out of the sky. None of the Lost Boys' arrivals came with such a force, he surveyed the levelled circle of flattened bushes and trees around them. Thickly woven magic seemed to have surrounded her descent, the force in which it expanded at to cushion her fall must have been what caused the tremor. Given the circumstances he had every right to be suspicious. \"What's your name, sweetie?\" Lailani asked when the other girl's hold loosened. \"Angelique,\" the girl responded meekly. \"My name is Angelique.\" \"Angelique,\" Lani repeated. Sounded like a french name, sure enough there was a barest hint of an accent. She might have been raised in a different country. BY the looks of her Angelique was definitely younger than herself, couldn't be any older than thirteen at most. Her frame was petite with blonde ringlets fell to her shoulders. The clothes she arrived in were simple, a striped top and frayed jeans. Other than a few scratches and maybe a bruise she appeared to be fine. Physically at least. Thud rose to his feet and cleared his throat. \"We should take her back with us, right Chief?\" \"...Yeah. We should.\" Rufio conceded after a moment's thought. 'Before Jake's lot comes snooping around.' By that evening Rufio's mood hadn't improved, to Lani it might have actually gotten worse. He excused himself immediately after dinner, pacing around the ramshackle balcony of their highest outpost tower. From this vantage point he could see his boys going about their nightly routines; No Nap and Pockets squabbling for an extra blanket, Don't ask already snoozing away in his bed, Latchboy sharpening his sword, Thud Butt ushering the younger ones to their respective places...Lately it was the little things like this that made him want to keep them all safe, keep them happy. Damn Pan for making him soft like this. Rather than interrogating Angelique as soon as they reached the Hangman's Tree, Lani insisted on allowing the younger girl some time to settle at least. They'd had some disagreement about that, everything seems just too coincidental and therefore suspicious. Not just one but two girls arriving in Neverland in less than 24 hours, that would send up red flags for anyone. In the end they had come to a compromise: the questions would come first thing in the morning, until then Tinkerbell and Dario would be charged with keeping an eye on the new girl. He looked out towards the Never sea, drumming his fingers against the twisted branches that formed a railing as he thought over the 'talk between leaders' earlier that day. \"No.\" \"Reconsider.\" \"I said no , Jake. What you're planning is ridiculous, even for you.\" What the new Captain was proposing was practically blasphemy. The Lost Boys don't work with Pirates. It just didn't happen. The two groups were practically sworn enemies and to come together now would an insult to everything they've stood for in the past. Hypothetically, even if they did come together it would only be wishful thinking for everyone to get along. The Boys have lost good brothers to the hands of the pirates, not to mention Rufio himself almost died just a year ago. The pirates too, there must have been some honour amongst 't a Pirate Codex or something exist? Some of the Jolly Roger's crew would jump at the first opportunity they got to avenge fallen members. No amount of treasure would motivate both parties to work together without someone getting stabbed in the back. Then again it was no ordinary treasure Jake was hunting, it was the Grimoire. Every spell, every incantation, every charm, every ritual, and every single law of magic if any existed was written within the pages of that book. The only reason none had attempted to find it was because their was no way they could. No lead and no map, it was no different to chasing a ghost. But then the pirates' thrice damned bird went snooping in that dragon's prison and took the scroll. That's where the problem lay. Now they had a means to an end and it had become a race to see who could get there first. Jake had the scroll, the obsessive drive and experience to forcefully take the treasure. But the Lost Boys had the numbers, the cooperation of Neverland's inhabitants and Rufio knew the terrain. On solid ground they had edge over the sea-faring pirates. Even if they worked together to find the Book, blood would be spilled to unravel the secrets, Then what would happen next? Who had the claim to the Grimoire? Rufio wasn't clear on what Jake's plan was but it definitely had something to do with the Mainland. Magic had no master, it was wild and unpredictable. With magic comes power and power corrupts even the purest soul. In the end, would it even matter who's hands held the Grimoire? I'm a very inconsistent writer aren't I? It's a hobby not a priority. The song this chapter is East of Eden by Zella Day, the two chapters before this I'm sure you can guess. Head up I might also create a new cover for this story. Reviews are Love ~MidnightRaven323 ","Summary":" Tadaa~~~ The long –awaited sequel to I Gotta Go My Own Way is here! Here we have a new plot, new en"},{"Movie":"Hook","Title":"Forget-Me-Not","Author":"Rampant Id","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12585898","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Here is a new story that has been bouncing around in my brain for several months. It's one of those stories that refuses to leave me regardless of how much time has passed. Since this is the first time that I have chosen to write a story in first person I look forward to your take on it. Also, for some reason I was not given an option to state the pairing, so here it is: Rufio and 16 year old Maggie. Just to clarify, the time skip to when Maggie is 16 will occur by chapter 4 or 5. - Rampant Id Chapter 1: \"Blink of an Eye\" I don't even remember screaming at the sight of a blade protruding from of my father's back. That was the very instant that everything in my life had changed. The happy ending I had been hoping for - counting on - was no longer possible. All I remember is the silence, and lots and lots of red. My father's clothes were soaked in it and with every second the colour spread, until it began dripping onto the deck. Someone was screaming now; The disbelief and horror in the sound shook me out of my daze. The teen with the Mohawk was holding my father in his arms now, and it was his cries that I could hear over the cheering of the pirates that surrounded me. I never heard my father's last words; I never got to tell him how much I still loved him - even though he never really paid any real attention to me. My hands were shaking... so were my legs. My vision was blurry as I tried to blink back the tears filling my eyes and running down my face. Someone suddenly grabbed my shoulder roughly and tried to shove me back into the cabin where I was usually kept prisoner. All the pain, confusion and despair that I had been holding in finally overwhelmed me... \"Let go of me!\" I yelled as I tried to pull away from the tight grip of the pirate's hand on my shoulder. Apparently my refusal to cooperate and my demands for freedom were unwelcome, since the next thing I knew my mouth was being covered by a large hand and I was being propelled so hard toward the cabin door that I nearly fell down. Nearly, because as I fell, the pirate's hand slipped a little and my sharp little teeth clamped down on the thin flesh where his thumb met his index finger. I was released in an instant, and ignoring the hollering going on above me I ducked down and through his legs. Then I was running full tilt for the front of the ship. I don't really know why I headed in that direction, perhaps it was the furthest away from the cabin door as well as from all the fighting. However, once I was nearly there I suddenly realized that it was a confined area with tall handrails and no way to get out. Instead, I pivoted on my heel and ran for the side of the ship. As I got there I realized my immediate dilemma. A group of four pirates who had chased after me approached from all sides. Glancing quickly behind me, the only way I saw that would allow me to get further away from them was the plank. Clenching my dress in my hands to keep them from visibly shaking I slowly inched back until I felt the plank hit my heel. The instant that the pirates realized where I was heading they sprang into action. One of them made a grab for me and missed as I jumped back to get out of range. I felt the plank wobbling a bit beneath me and tried not to whimper. I really hated heights, more than anything, but as another pirate started to slowly make his way onto the plank in order to reach me I backed up even further. \"Come here little girl, you don't want to fall do you?\" A scary-looking man with a large scar going down his face called out to me as he slowly approached. His gold tooth shone in the light as he attempted to smile at me in what most likely was supposed to be a reassuring way, but to me it looked like a grimace. I was so focused on trying to stay away from him that I almost slipped off the plank when my back foot only found half a plank left to stand on. That's when the pirate made a grab for me. As I leaned back to avoid his reaching arms my foot slipped off it's precarious perch and I fell toward the water - or I would have, if not for an arm that shot out from the end of the plank and grabbed my wrist. I heard a sudden splash below me and glanced down to see that very same pirate floundering in the water several meters below my dangling bare feet. I glanced up fearfully, thinking I was going to see another horrid pirate in his place. Instead I found myself looking into dark eyes that belonged to the teen who had been with my father. \"Give me your other hand!\" He yelled down at me as his free hand strained towards me. I swung up with all my might and to my great surprise he caught my other wrist without missing a beat. \"I'm going to stand up now, so you need to make sure not to move around or we'll both fall off.\" He explained, and after receiving my terrified nod he slowly lifted one of his legs so that rather than kneeling his foot was planted and the knee was bent at a ninety degree angle. When he started to stand up I could see him straining with the weight of my smaller body pulling at his arms. When he stood up my knees were level with the plank itself, and as he stepped back toward the ship I was able to scramble up and find purchase. His hands on my wrists helped stabilize me, and when I finally realized that I was no longer dangling over dangerous waters I managed a watery smile. \"Thank you,\" I got out in a half-whisper, since my voice was still not working properly from my most recent scare. \"It's not over yet,\" The boy replied, nodding toward what awaited us at the other end of the plank. There stood the same pirates who had chased me to this plank originally - minus the one in the water. They watched the teen with trepidation, as if he was someone to be feared. What could a teenager possibly do that had these grown men afraid to make the first move? \"I will let go of you now. You will need to stick close to me while we get out of this mess. Okay?\" The strange boy waited for my nod before he started forward. \"All right, let's do this!\" With that as his battle cry the Mohawk teen pulled out a sword and started brandishing it at the pirates as he moved effortlessly across the plank. In the second it takes a person to blink he was already on them, clearing a path for me to follow without even taking a pause. I was off the plank and on the deck before I even registered what I was doing. Two pirates were already injured and crawling away, while the last one got a sword straight through the stomach - in a similar manner that my father had. The pirate slid off the sword and landed in a heap at the teen's feet. The boy turned quickly back to me and noticed my eyes glued to his bloody sword. Grimacing he turned back to the body, wiped his sword on the shirt and sheathed his weapon. \"Come on, we need to get out of here,\" He said as he approached with his outstretched hand held out toward me. He paused when he saw me take a step back. His dark eyes met mine as he crouched down to be eye-level with me. \"I'm sorry you had to see that. I promise that I won't hurt you, but we can't stay here. I swore to your father that I would keep you safe, and for that you need to trust me. Okay?\" I remembered seeing him fighting along-side my father against all of these pirates, and I knew that he was one of the good guys. I could feel myself slowly nodding, and I was proud when I did not flinch as his warm, much larger, hand enveloped mine. \"Good,\" he said with a gentle smile and turned his back to me. \"Climb on, go on.\" He encouraged, as I stared dubiously at his leather clad back. \"I need to be able to fight, and the only way to do that is for me to have my hands free. You will need to get on and hold tight.\" All the loops and bolts sticking out of his leather jacket provided it with many odd-looking handholds. After a hesitant moment I gripped the protrusions and climbed up onto his back. Slinging my arms around his neck, the safest-looking and most secure handhold of all, I gripped as tight as I could so I would not fall off. \"kid... kiddo, I can't breathe. You need to loosen your grip on my neck,\" I heard the teenager choke out, and a moment later I could feel my hands being slightly re-positioned so that I was now gripping the lapels of his leather coat instead. I tried to gain some purchase with my legs so that they would stop dangling annoyingly. Once I was settled I found myself thinking that I probably resemble some strange sort of monkey. \"Just in time. Here they come.\" I felt the teenager swiftly stand but it was impossible for me to see anything because his extremely tall collar was in the way. \"Hold on tight\" He called out to me and I suddenly heard his sword hissing out of it's sheath. It was probably for the best that I would not be able to see the carnage. I was not all that fond of blood. As he fought his opponents the boy would often yell out insults, throw in a quip here or there, or simply settle for a sarcastic rejoinder. All the while I just squeezed my eyes shut and held on for dear life.[Chapter 2] Just in case any of you missed my message on my profile: In regards to Forget-Me-Not , now with the installment of chapter 2 it will take 1-2 more chapters before we get a time skip to where Maggie is 16. I need to lay down the foundation for the future plot and character development to make sense and be meaningful. - Rampant Id I dedicate this chapter to my most dedicated follower (AKA only reviewer): crissy145 Chapter 2: \" Fins and Glares\" \"We're here,\" I started upon hearing a sudden voice coming from right in front of me. I had been half-dozing in a semi trance-like state as the teenager who had saved me from the pirate ship continued to run through a forest at incredible speed. It was as if he knew exactly where every shrub and rock was placed, never once tripping or pausing in his mad dash to God-knew-where. Suddenly the forest came to an end and a large body of water lay before us. Several large outcroppings of rocks could be seen scattered around in the midst of it, in the semblance of mini islands. Without slowing down the teenager took a running leap and landed on the nearest of the rocks, making his way to a larger one located in the centre of the water. He then got down on one knee and pointed several meters ahead to the edge of the rock we were currently standing on. \"Over there near the bottom of this rock is a ledge sticking out from the side. If you climb down and crouch you'll be able to keep yourself hidden. It stops just above the water, so you should be dry.\" I scrambled down from his back and almost fell over as my legs nearly folded in on themselves. He waited for me to right myself and then turned back toward the mainland. Before he could take more than a step away from me, I desperately gripped his clothes in a tight fist. He looked down at me with a raised eyebrow looking surprised and somewhat confused. \"You're leaving me?\" I asked, my wavering voice revealing the panic that this realization brought on. \"Just for a short while, I need to deal with those who've managed to track us this far. I'll be back as soon as I take care of them. You'll be safer hiding here.\" Believing the matter to be settled the teenager tried to pull away, but my vice-like grip had not loosened it's hold. He sighed with impatience. \"What is it now?\" \"He left us - my father. When we were caught... he was too scared to stay and help. And now he's gone forever,\" I couldn't keep back the sniffle that interrupted my explanation. \"What if you don't come back?\" \"I promise that I'll come back for you.\" Rather than the reply, what reassured me the most was the determined look in his eyes as he looked down at me. There was no hint of any hesitation there. It was as if he were simply stating a fact, rather than a possibility. My fingers slowly loosened and I pulled my hand back gripping the side of my nightgown instead. \"What's your name?\" I asked as he turned toward the rock that led back to the mainland. With a quick glance over his shoulder he replied, \"Rufio\", and then jumped over the water separating the two rock outcroppings, back in the direction we had come from. I approached the edge and looked down. My eyes widened when I saw just how far down the ledge actually was. This was not a distance I could easily jump down, partly because it was nearly twice my height, and partly because the ledge itself was pretty narrow. If I was not careful I would slip off the ledge and take a dunk in the water. Not only did I not want to fall into the water because it was surely cold, but also it lacked that nice clear blue colour that one tended to expect from an untouched island. Instead, for some unfathomable reason the water surrounding my large rock was pretty dark and murky looking; it was impossible to guess what hid within its depths. Steeling my nerves I got to my knees and slowly lowered a leg, feeling around for some kind of groove in the stone to help me get a surer footing for my climb down. Thankfully my bare toes were able to feel around and find a slight dip in the stone that otherwise would have been missed. I lowered my other leg down and proceeded to search for other such grooves. The sudden sounds of swords clashing and voices shouting reached my ears, and that moment of inattention proved to be my undoing. The toes that had been gripping the dip in the stone lost their hold, and next thing I knew my feet were scrambling frantically against the smooth surface of the stone as my arms strained to hold my entire body-weight suspended over the edge. A whimper escaped me as I felt my fingers slowly start to slip. A few pebbles rained down and plopped into the water a split second before I lost my grip and my fingers slipped off the edge. To my surprise I did not drop as far down as I thought I would. Apparently the ledge had been only about three feet below my hanging feet. However, the landing did jar me unpleasantly, and my left foot dipped into the freezing, dark water. I immediately pulled it out, but unfortunately the shivering set in instantly. It felt as if pure ice was spreading from my foot up my leg. I looked down, fearfull at what I would find, but other than slightly bluer skin I could not see anything unusual. I crouched down to keep out of sight as I had been told, and tried to warm my foot with what body heat I still had left. Suddenly, I felt a shiver creep down my spine. Something was watching me... where precisely that menacing aura was coming from I did not know, but it was most definitely coming from somewhere in the water. A distance away light caught on an object in the water... some kind of fin? As suddenly as it had appeared it was gone once more, only to reappear several meters closer to where I huddled on the ledge. Could it be that these waters were full of sharks? That thought filled me with such terror that made it difficult to breathe. Movement beneath the surface caused some water to slosh over the edge of my narrow perch and onto my bare toes, soaking the parts of the nightgown that lay closest to the edge. Unexpectedly, the colour of the water right in front of me changed. Without being told I knew that something was waiting for me there, just below the surface. Despite the terror that gripped my throat, I still found myself kneeling at the edge and leaning hesitantly forward to look into the water. There, glaring straight up at me, I was shocked to see bright green eyes belonging to a very pale face, framed by floating dark blond hair. Before I could react in any way the face surfaced, water streaming down the head in rivulets. Hair slicked back, the older girl's eyes seemed to almost burn with their intensity of emotion as they pierced my own startled gaze. \"You have some nerve! How dare you come here to our home to spy for Hook, despite the deal we made?\" She spat out accusingly. \"I didn't - I'm not with Hook. I ran away from him!\" I exclaimed, too surprised to do much more than try to explain. A green scaled tail slapped the water angrily, and I felt my eyes widening in shock as I realized that the tail was actually a part of the girl. Unfortunately, the slap on the water's surface was powerful enough to cause a fairly large wave to hit the edge of the ledge soaking both of my legs and arms with frigid water. Caught off guard I let out a surprised yelp and fell back, managing to catch myself with my hands before my head could hit the solid rock at my back. \"Don't try to spew your lies pirate, there are more of your kind running around here. I can hear their noisy fighting coming from the forest.\" The mermaid pointed angrily from the direction that I had come with Rufio. I held a hand up before me as if to ward her off. \"Yes, they are pirates, but I'm just a little girl. I'm trying to get away from them!\" The mermaid, because that's what she must have been, scoffed in response. \"You look all the same to me; some shorter, some taller - but always causing trouble,\" Her eyes narrowed as she finished ominously with, \"Neverland would be better off without your kind.\" Without warning something pale shot out of the water and clamped around my ankle in a cold vice-like grip. I only managed to register that her cold smooth hand had wrapped around my ankle before I felt her firmly yank me off balance and toward the water. Crying out in fear I scrabbled for purchase on the smooth stone, to no avail. Panic had taken me over completely. Somehow I knew that if I fell into that water I would not be coming back out. My free leg flailed about and luckily managed to strike the mermaid in the face, causing her to loosen the grip she had around my ankle enough, so that I was able to scoot more securely back onto the stone ledge. With a growl of rage the mermaid made another wild grab at my unprotected legs. Just as she made to yank me back toward the water I felt someone grab my flailing arm and try to pull me up. For a second I felt like a rope from a very competitive tug-of-war, being pulled in two completely opposite directions. I glanced up to see Rufio gripping my wrist tightly, and glaring down at the equally determined mermaid. \"Let go of her, this girl is under my protection!\" Rufio shouted down at my green-eyed adversary. Ignoring him, perhaps out of spite, she did not let up. Rufio's eyes narrowed in response. \"Don't make me use my sword on you...\" he threatened. \"You would dare harm one of Neverland's own and betray all that you and your lost boys stand for?\" She hissed in rage and disbelief. \"I made Pan a promise to protect her, and nothing will make me break that vow,\" his tone brooked no argument. For a brief moment the mermaid held his determined gaze, and then reluctantly she let go of my foot and sullenly slipped back into the water, disappearing into its murky depths. By the time that Rufio pulled me up, my teeth were chattering so loudly together that anything I tried to say came out sounding unintelligible. \"Don't try to speak, you're going to bite your tongue,\" he reprimanded as he pulled off his black coat and wrapped me in it. The coat enveloped me so completely that only my head stuck out. The bones and claws that had been adorning it were jabbing into me, but I was too tired to care. At least it was warm. By now the shock of what had happened was setting in, from seeing my father killed, to being chased by pirates, and finally nearly being drowned – by a mermaid no less. I didn't like this place. It was dangerous - full of cruelty and violence. I wanted to wake up from this nightmare and find myself back in my own bed. I wanted to go home. That's it for chapter two. Tell me what you guys think so far. Reviews encourage me to update sooner. This is no secret. Ask any of the writers on here. - Rampant Id[Chapter 3] I dedicate this chapter to Luma and crissy145. Thanks for your support. After a long break from writing I'm finally back. Life makes it tough to update sometimes — juggling busy work, a family wedding and two hospital scares can take up quite a bit of a person's life. Anyway, without further ado here is the next chapter. - Rampant Id Chapter 3: \"A Rude Awakening\" The first thing I became aware of was a strange softness under my palms. Flexing my fingers I felt individual strands of what felt like fur sliding past my hand. Opening my eyes hesitantly I quickly shut them against the piercing light that shone down on my unsuspecting face. The light was quickly blocked by someone's shadowy form. That's when I began to hear the whispers. \"He looks funny!\" This was followed by a giggle and some shushing sounds. \"Moron, she's a girl. That's how girls are supposed to look.\" Came a scoff from somewhere off to my left. \"Quiet down, you'll wake her up,\" a familiar voice spoke up, the sound fading as it's owner moved further away. The last thing I remembered hearing was a distant sounding \"where did you find her?\" Then everything faded away and I was enveloped by sleep once more. (Scene 2) It was the savory smell of food that finally woke me up. I don't really remember getting up, but I do recollect that the dirt floor was cold against my bare feet. Following the delicious scent of some kind of stew I found myself standing right outside the makeshift door leading out from what I could now tell had been a gigantic tree. As I glanced back at the bark of the tree-room now directly behind me, I suddenly shivered in the chilly evening breeze that stirred my thin nightgown. It was with shock that I realized how inappropriately I was dressed for galavanting around. I had been kidnapped right out of my bed and have been running around a pirate ship, and then a lagoon, all the while barely dressed in anything at all. As the sound of laughter came from a table not too far away I could make out some shapes crowding around, their silhouettes visible before the flames of a raging bonfire. Realizing that I was most likely illuminated by those same flames I suddenly felt my face heat up. What would mother say? I thought in shame, and then instantly felt myself tearing up with the thoughts of my poor mother, waiting desperately for our return. \"Hey, what's wrong?\" A familiar voice asked right next to me. I jumped in surprise, spinning around to stare down at Ruffio's shape sitting on a log, and leaning his back against the back of the tree house. I pinched the fabric of my nightgown between my thumb and forefinger and pointed at it with my other hand saying, \"I can't wear this outside, it's a nightgown, but I don't have any normal clothes.\" Then wiping my tears off my face with a fist I added miserably, \"and I'm cold\". Ruffio slapped himself on the forehead, as if to say I'm so dumb , stood up and beckoned me back into the room. Once inside, he made his way over to where several chests were resting next to roughly a dozen cots scattered around the room. Now that I took a moment to look around, I wondered how it was possible for such a large space to exist within one single tree. Maybe it was magic. After all, I had seen my father fly, and then I was nearly drowned by an actual mermaid. This was nowhere near as unimaginable as those two former situations. \"Here,\" he said, passing me what I later learned was a pair of deerskin pants along with a nondescript brown tunic — both of which were too small to belong to him, but most likely would fit me fairly well. \"Thanks, but, um, shouldn't we ask the owner of these clothes if it's ok for me to wear them?\" I asked, reaching for them hesitantly. \"They won't mind. The lost boys pretty much share everything here.\" Ruffio replied without giving her a second glance. \"I'll be waiting outside. When you're done I'll introduce you to the rest of the boys.\" With that he opened the door and stepped out. (Scene 3) Once I finished changing I followed Rufio to the group meal, from where noisy yelling and laughter could be heard. As we got closer I began to hear and see what was really going on at mealtime. Insults were being flung back and forth, as was the food, and dodging the variously shaped airborne projectiles seemed to be bordering on the impossible. Boys of every shape and size were covered in everything from vegetable soup all the way to flourescent ice cream. I stopped a few good meters away from the spectacle for fear of getting accosted by flying meatballs. Not noticing me pause, Rufio continued on to the tables, ducking carrot missiles and flying peas as if it were second nature. The boys called out to him as he sat down and helped himself to one of the dishes that sat before him. There were so many boys here and they were all so loud. I didn't really feel very confortable joining this rambunctious group... First it had been all those scary pirate men, then a killer mermaid, and now it was an army of noisy, rude sounding boys. I felt so very alone, desperately wishing for my mother's arms to enfold me in a protective, comforting hug. As if he suddenly noticed that I was missing Rufio started glancing around. When he looked back and saw me, he waved me over to the table that he sat at. Confusion filled his face upon receiving my vehement head shake, and his loud voice called out: \"Maggie, don't you want to eat something?\" All of a sudden the boys at the tables instantly went quiet and all looked toward me. I could feel my face heating up from all the unwanted attention and shook my head once again. That was the exact moment that my stomach decided to make a liar out of me as it suddenly started grumbling furiously. Laughing along with some of the boys Ruffio got up and approached me once more, then he steered me toward the free spot next to him. I sat down stiffly at the main table staring at my plate uncomfortably. The meal started up again. The boys were now dodging green veggies and pudding, rather than actually eating them. I thought about my own family meals and knew that there was no way this kind of behaviour would have been allowed. My mother would have scolded these boys soundly, and then forced them to clean up the mess that they made. However, my mother wasn't here. Neither was my brother, nor my father... whom I would never get the chance to see alive again. As I thought that my eyes filled up with tears. I felt somebody awkwardly patting me on the back, but I didn't look up to see who it was. A boy down the table cleared his throat uncomfortably and felt it was time to ask a neutral question (at least that had most likely been the initial intent). \"So, uh, Peter Pan — I mean your dad — said that he also had a son. Was that your brother standing on the ship dressed up like Captain Hook?\" Instead of having the intended effect of distracting me from my grief, my sobs increased in volume — both in amount as well as in loudness. \"Ow!\" That same voice yelped, following the sound of a resounding smack. \"What did I do?\" \"Shut up you idiot, you're just making things worse.\" Came a sharp whisper. I felt a hand suddenly cover one of mine and looked tearfully up at the familiar older teen's face. \"I'll get your brother back. I swore to your father that I'll save you both; I always keep my word.\" Ruffio stated confidently. I offered a watery smile in thanks and opened my mouth to reply. However, I never got the chance. A bright glow filled the air coming from the forest some distance away. As it got closer and closer it became clear that the glow was coming from individual fairies who were grouped together, holding vines that held something suspended about two feet off the ground. As the fairies approached the clearing where the group of lost boys sat staring, the shape that the fairies had carried all the way here became visible. I gasped and stumbled out of my chair, nearly tripping over it. The rest of the lost boys followed suit, but at a slower pace. Many of them lowering their heads reverently. To be continued... Reviews keep me going, since they show me that someone cares about the story. ","Summary":" Here is a new story that has been bouncing around in my brain for several months. It's one of those"},{"Movie":"Teen Wolf","Title":"The Other Martin","Author":"HollandChristian15","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12713618","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Info I just want everybody to know that I'm from Germany, what means that my english is not the best! ","Summary":" Info I just want everybody to know that I'm from Germany, what means that my english is not the bes"},{"Movie":"Teen Wolf","Title":"Stupide","Author":"CharliePerfect","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12668792","Passage":"[Chapter 1] « Tu sais quoi ? J'ai été stupide. Stupide de penser qu'un jour tu aurais pu me regarder autrement que comme un ami. Stupide de t'accorder autant d'importance. Stupide de ne croire ne serait-ce qu'une seconde que j'aurais pu rivaliser avec toutes les filles qui tournent autour de toi. J'ai été stupide d'attendre ton retour avec autant d'impatience, stupide de croire que j'aurais pu t'intéresser, stupide d'avoir agi comme ça, stupide de le prendre comme ça. Stupide d'avoir placé cette confiance en toi. Tu le savais, ou du moins tu l'avais deviné, ne le nie pas. Et malgré tout, tu n'as rien fait pour me décourager. Au contraire, c'est comme si tu t'amusais à me bercer d'illusions, à me faire espérer. Comment espérais-tu que je réagisse en me l'annonçant ? En sautant de joie, en vous félicitant, en vous demandant à quand le mariage ? Désolé d'avoir déçu tes attentes. Et puis, je sais pas moi, peut-être que m'ignorer depuis n'était pas forcément la meilleure des conduites à avoir. Si je devais être honnête, je dirais que c'est pas tant ton annonce que le futur qui me fait souffrir. Les peines de cœur crois moi j'en ai eu, et je m'en suis toujours remis. Je pense que tu es bien placé pour le savoir. Non, ce qui me fait peur, c'est ce que va devenir notre relation. Tu y as pensé, ne serait-ce qu'une seconde ? je veux bien passer le restant de mes jours à n'être qu'un ami pour toi, mais comment tu crois qu'elle va réagir ? Je la connais depuis bien plus longtemps que toi, alors crois moi je sais comment elle agit. A ton avis, pourquoi ce n'est que maintenant que je suis ami avec Jackson ? Elle est d'une possessivité et d'une jalousie maladive. C'est de ça dont j'ai peur, je ne veux veut pas perdre cette amitié. Pourtant, si tu restes avec elle, il ne me reste qu'une seule chose à faire. M'éloigner, m'éloigner avant que la situation ne devienne ingérable. Si tu ne tiens ne serait-ce qu'un peu à moi, ne cherche plus à me contacter. Cela ferait plus de mal que de bien, pour tout le monde. Stupide. » Stiles repose son crayon. Il avait besoin de mettre de l'ordre dans ses pensées. Et puis une petite part de lui-même espérait encore sauver la situation. Que tout ça n'était qu'une vaste blague, qu'il avait rêvé. Que la prochaine fois qu'il verrait la meute, ils rigoleraient tous ensemble de cette idée. Mais malheureusement, ce n'était que la triste et vraie vérité. Lydia et Derek. Ensemble. Stiles ne savait même plus s'il devait en rire ou en pleurer. Mais bon, pleurer il l'avait déjà assez fait. Alors autant en rire, même si le cœur n'y était pas. De toute façon, il n'aurait pas à supporter tout ça plus longtemps. Ses cours reprenaient en avance, et Stiles n'avait jamais été aussi heureux de partir de Beacon Hills. Même s'il laissait tous les autres derrière lui, tous ceux qui n'y étaient pour rien. Il avait juste besoin d'espace, ou bien il allait faire quelque chose qu'il regretterait. Paroles ou gestes. Le jeune homme referma sa valise d'un geste sec. Vérifia autour de lui s'il n'avait rien oublié. Avec beaucoup de difficultés, il finit par réussir à descendre sa valise et à la mettre dans le coffre de sa voiture. Il souffla un peu, et s'essuya le front avec sa manche. Il ne lui restait qu'une seule chose à faire avant de partir pour de bon. C'est avec une légère appréhension que Stiles démarra sa voiture et pris le chemin du loft de Derek. Chemin qu'il aurait d'ailleurs pu faire les yeux fermés puisqu'il était gravé dans sa mémoire. L'enveloppe était posée en évidence sur le tableau de bord. L'hyperactif lui jetait de petits coups d'œil, de plus en plus stressé. Oserait-il vraiment faire ça, aurait-il le courage de se dévoiler à ce point ? Mais le temps n'était plus aux réflexions, l'immeuble de Derek apparaissait déjà devant ses yeux. Stiles savait qu'il serait vide à cet heure, tout le monde s'était retrouvé pour fêter la rentrée. Ses pas résonnaient dans les escaliers comme le roulement de tambour avant une exécution. Rien ne l'obligeait à faire ça pas vrai ? Mais Stiles se sentait coupable de partir sans explications, comme un voleur. Alors il n'avait plus le choix. L'enveloppe était froissée d'avoir été pliée dans tous les sens pendant la montée des escaliers. La porte en métal fut devant lui. Stiles prit une profonde inspiration, et sans se laisser le temps de réfléchir, fit glisser la lettre dans le loft. Il se releva, et redressa les épaules. Il était trop tôt pour dire s'il se sentait mieux, mais maintenant il pouvait partir l'esprit tranquille. Stiles retourna dans sa voiture, et mit le contact. Il ne jeta pas un regard à l'immeuble en partant, pas un coup d'œil à la ville en la quittant. Désormais il ne devait plus rien à personne d'autre qu'à lui-même. Voilà ! J'espère que cet OS vous aura plus, n'hésitez pas à me laisser une review (constructive ou non hein, faut pas trop me prendre au sérieux non plus ) Disclaimer : rien ne m'appartient, il s'agit de l'univers de Jeff Davis ","Summary":" « Tu sais quoi ? J'ai été stupide. Stupide de penser qu'un jour tu aurais pu me regarder autrement "},{"Movie":"Teen Wolf","Title":"Long Gone","Author":"Jessie Geeky","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13202181","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I'm sorry if there are any grammar mistakes but I think it's fine. This is just something I really wanted to happen but, never did. Theo paced back and forth in his cell. He was bored. Bored, bored, bored. Scott could of at least left him a magazine or something. Liam slowly, tormenting walked around to the front of the cell. \"Can I have a book or something?\" Liam sighed. \"I'll be back in 5\" Theo nodded and went back to pacing. He didn't think such a simple gesture could make him feel so vulnerable to his emotions. After minutes passed, Liam walked back in with a Shakespeare play 'Romeo and Juliet' it was called. \"I thought I asked for a book?\" \"You get what you pay for\" Liam smirked as he walked out. \"Day three in my cell\" Theo said aloud in a boring tone. \"And loads of super hot people won't let me leave\" It had almost become a rhythm, or a melody. Liam came in \"I just shut off the cameras\" \"Thank God, I thought I never get to kiss you again\" \"Well I wouldn't let that happen\" Opening the cell door. As he looked up, Theo had moved his face right near Liam's. They stared at each other for a long moment, until Theo lightly pulled Liam towards him with his finger. They kissed, passionately. Theo explored Liam's mouth thoroughly, teasing at the corners of his lips. What they didn't notice, was Scott rebooting the cameras and catching the last snippet of their make out session, and Liam quickly locking Theo back up in his cell. He winked as he walked out, and Theo chuckled. Scott stalked into Theo's cell room. \"Hello Scotty boy\" Theo cooed. \"Theo\" Scott said folding his arms and directing his eye line. \"Whatcha got there?\" \"Romeo and Juliet, have you read it?\" Scott looked at Theo judgingly. \"You thought you cut the cameras, didn't you?\" Theos expression darkened. \"Leave Liam out of this.\" \"I don't see how I could\" Scott said, he started pacing. \"You and Liam, have been making out everyday while supposed to be a prisoner, and Liam's treating you to the Beginner luxury pack. So I think I shouldn't leave Liam out of this. \"He's right\" a voice belonging to Liam. \"weren't you the one who was dating a hunters daughter?\" Liam said, you could almost see the sarcasm on his face.\" Scott eyed him, and not carefully. It was a long, hard stare that could have killed a regular person. Without warning, Liam's fist hit Scott's face, and turned to the cell. \"What?\" Theo said cautiously \"You know how we talked about running away? That's a reality now\" Theo kissed him, hard and fast. \"I love you\" \"I know\" Theo smirked at the reply and tugged Liam towards the exit. By the time Scott had woken up and went the the exit, they were long gone. ","Summary":" I'm sorry if there are any grammar mistakes but I think it's fine. This is just something I really "},{"Movie":"Teen Wolf","Title":"recherche de fiction","Author":"aurore.schemith02","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12884315","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Bonjour je cherche une fiction Fandom teen wolf Paring sterek Toute la meute et au loft de Derek et la meute veut demander quelque chose a Derek et Scott pousse stiles vers Derek et stiles lui parle et il dit on nettoira apres la fete je crois et stiles se tourne vers Scott et il le voir secouer la tête ","Summary":" Bonjour je cherche une fiction Fandom teen wolf Paring sterek Toute la meute et au loft de Derek et"},{"Movie":"Teen Wolf","Title":"Darkness - Scott McCall 1","Author":"theunknownswrites","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12789653","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Katherine's POV As I slowly started to wake up , I hear loud music start playing next to me on my dresser. I finally found enough strength to open my eyes and look at the clock. \"Jesus-Fuck-Shit!\" 7:55 I quickly grab my clock and throw it at the wall , climbing out of my bed and running towards my dresser. I pull out black skinny jeans , a black lace tank top , my favorite black leather jacket and run towards my shoe closet, grabbing my black pumps and running while in the middle of changing towards my private bathroom. \"Stupid, Stupid, Stu-\" I get cut off by me falling on my face onto the hard wood floor. \"UGH!\" I finish changing and start in my hair and makeup, Curling my hair to life and doing my heavy amazing makeup as per usual. I run down the stairs and into the kitchen, grabbing two granola bars , my black purse I left from the night before , and my phone before dialing my best friend Lydia Martin. It takes three tries before I have an answer. \"Hello?\" Lydia asks in a low raspy voice as if she just woke up. \"Get your ass up and come get me so we can go to school!\" I say , annoyance clear in my voice. \"We're going to be late!\" \"What!?\" I hear shuffling on the other end and I wait till I hear 'hey I'll be there soon!' But I never hear that , instead I hear \" oh yea, I forgot that I set both our clocks back about an hour so we could get ready and go in early.\" \"What!?\" I say very annoyed with the strawberry blonde. \"You told me to last night. You wanted to make sure that you didn't look like trash for the first day of junior year.\" I could just hear that innocent look that I helped her master at the young age of 12. Me and Lydia have been friends since the first grade. We were attached to the hip the second I saw her wear this cute little ladybug dress that was just adorable. I taught her everything I know about being the 'queen bee'. From choosing the best outfit and shoes to being a stone cold bitch. \"Curse me and my split decisions.\" I say , smirking , thinking back to the freak-show that happened in my own bedroom. \"Whatever, just hurry up and get ready so we aren't really going to be late. Bye!\" Before I can tell her that I have already gotten ready for the day, she hangs up on me. \"Typical.\" I mutter with a classic eye roll. I grab my headphones from on top of my dresser and open the door to walk downstairs to grab food from the kitchen. As I walk downstairs I start to smell the burning of bacon and toast coming from the kitchen, most likely from my mother trying to cook again. \"Hey sweetie!\" My mother said over the smoke alarm that just sounded above us. \"Want me to make you some breakfast?\" I watch as she tried to hit the smoke alarm with a rag of some sort. \"I'd rather die of thirst, but thanks.\" I walk over to the fruit bowl and grab myself an apple and walk over the sink to wash it. I quickly grab my phone out of my back pocket, telling Lydia to be here right this second, not wanting a confrontation with my mother. \"So, about yesterday-\" my mother starts with a look of judgment on her face, ready to start scolding me. \"Mother, do you really want to start yelling at me when dad is just in the other room about to come in here like he does every morning?\" My mother looks at the hallway when she hears a door open and footsteps coming this way. \"This is not over young lady.\" She says quickly before walking down the hall to greet her husband. Before my parents walk into the kitchen to greet me, a horn from outside kicks me into action, making me rush out the door, not before grabbing my bag, and rush down the steps outside. \"Hey.\" I say as I open the door to her car. \"Hey babe-\" She looks down to my outfit of choice before nodding \"Good choice.\" \"I know.\" I say, smiling at my best friend, before putting on my seatbelt as we pull out of the drive way , towards our school to start the day. Officially done with chapter one! Can't wait to see where this goes! How am I doing so far? Be sure to tell me! Word count- 778 ","Summary":" Katherine's POV As I slowly started to wake up , I hear loud music start playing next to me on my d"},{"Movie":"Teen Wolf","Title":"Puppies","Author":"izzatyanuar","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12845476","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sheriff John Stilinski tiredly dragged himself up the stair of his dark home. It was 2 in the morning and he had stayed up all night at the station working on the large stack of paperwork. Reaching the top of the staircase, John opened his son's door. However, Stiles was not asleep. He wasn't even in the room. Walking into the room, the sheriff noticed a wet stain in the middle of the bed. Had Stiles. . . wet the bed? John frowned. Stiles hadn't done that since he was 4. Turning around, he walked back into the hallway and up to the bathroom door. Knocking quietly, he called out. \"Stiles, you in there son?\" A chocked sob reached his ears. \"Son?\" Fear settled into the pit of his stomach. \"Stiles, I'm coming in. Okay?\" Stiles whimpered. John opened the door and flicked on the lights. On the floor were Stiles' soaked boxers and a dirty towel. Stiles was in the bathtub, his baggy shirt covering his lower area. Tears and sweat ran down his face as he bit down on a rolled up hand towel. \"Genim?\" Stiles looked at his father through bleary eyes as he tried to hold back his sobs. Suddenly, Stiles clenched his eyes shut and threw back his head, back arching. The scream was muffled by the towel in his mouth. John walked in quickly and knelt next to his son. He gently removed the gag as he brushed back his son's sweaty hair. \"Stiles what's wrong?!\" \"D-Dad. It h-hurts!\" \"Just hold on, I'm going to call for an ambulance\" Stiles grabbed John's wrist, stopping him. \"N-no! Please! Please stay!\" John knelt back down. \"Stiles, we need to get you-\" \"AHH!\" Stiles grabbed the side of the tub as his upper body twisted. Teeth clenched, he leaned forward, groaning. Stiles gave a hoarse yelp and squeezed his eyes shut. After a few seconds, he collapsed backwards, breathing hard. Fresh tears ran down the teens face. Before John could say anything, a high pitched yip echoed through the small bathroom. 'What the. . .' The sheriff reached down and pulled up Stiles' shirt. There, covered in amniotic fluid and a few spots of blood, was a large brown puppy. The umbilical cord was still connected to it, leading up into John's son. John stared, shocked, before he shook his head. Police instincts kicked in. Help when it is needed, freak out after the job is done. \"Hold on, Stiles.\" The elder Stilinski stood up and rushed to the linen closet, pulling out an armful of towels. He ran back to the bathroom and set them on the closed toilet lid. Going to the medicine cabinet, he pulled out some hydrogen peroxide and some nylon string. He pulled out his pocket knife and poured hydrogen peroxide over it and the string. Going back to the crying puppy, John used a bit of string and tied a knot around the umbilical cord close to the puppy's belly. He then snipped on the other side with his pocket knife. Lifting the shaking brown pup, the sheriff placed it on a towel and gently rubbed it dry. Stiles watched closely, a small smile on his face. \"D-Dad? What is it?\" \"A. . . a boy.\" Stiles wiped tears off his face as he let out a grin. \"A boy. A baby boy!\" Stiles' smile quickly dropped as he gasped and grabbed his stomach. It was now that John noticed, under all that baggy clothes, he was larger in the midsection. \"Is. . . is it the. . . placenta?\" John's adrenalin was starting to wear off, and deep confusion was taking hold. His son had just given birth? To a dog?! Stiles grimaced. \"N-no, it's the next puppy.\" John gulped and gently placed the current brown puppy safely down next to him. \"How many. . . puppies. . . in all?\" Stiles clenched his teeth as he rode through another contraction. Once it was over, Stiles turned to his father. \"F-Four\" Stiles lay on his freshly made bed, four tiny puppies asleep next to him. John stood to the side of the bed, looking at his son and. . . grandchildren? \"Genim. . . how is this possible? Your male, yet you just gave birth. To dog puppies, no less.\" Stiles' eyes flashed red. \"Dog?!\" The puppies shifted at the loud noise. Stiles lowered his head and touched each one of them with his nose before turning back to his father. Stiles whispered. \"They are not dogs!\" The sheriff stared wide eyed at his son. His son who had red eyes. John raised his hands in surrender. \"I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I don't know what they are, and I'm a little shocked.\" Stiles frowned and looked down, ashamed. \"Sorry Dad. I guess I'm still a little hormonal.\" \"It's alright, but I would love an explanation.\" Stiles smiled. \"Would you belive me if I said werewolves?\" \"That. . . actually makes a lot of sense.\" \"So. . . let me get this straight. Scott was bit by Peter Hale who was an alpha werewolf. He became a werewolf. Peter bit Lydia, but she's immune to the bite. Derek then killed his uncle and became the alpha. He then bit Jackson, Isaac, Erica, and Boyd. Jackson turned into a werelizard while the other three became wolves. Lydia used magic voodoo and brought Peter Hale back to life. Allison's family are crazy werewolf hunters, even though she's dating a werewolf. Jackson then turns into a wolf with the help of Lydia. Derek bites you and you become a wolf. . . and got pregnant and had little werewolf puppies.\" \"Sounds about right.\" John frowned. \"I think you left the part out where you tell me who the father is. Is it that Isaac kid?\" \"Isaac? No, he's our little puppy.\" John thought for a second. \"It's not Scott, is it? I think Allison might kill you if it is.\" \"Oh my god, Dad! It's not Scott!\" \"Then who-\" John was cut short as Derek Hale burst into the room, eyes blazing red. He scanned the room before turning to Stiles and the puppies. 'Ahh, that explains a lot' \"Stiles. . . \" Tears gathered in Stiles' eyes as he grinned. \"Derek. . . Derek, we're parents\" Derek stepped forward slowly before crawling behind Stiles and wrapping him and the sleeping litter in a large hug. John turned away, feeling like he was intruding. He quietly walked out of the room and closed the door. He turned toward the stair, planing on starting breakfast seeing as it was 6 in the morning and he wouldn't be able to get any sleep anyways. A few steps down, John stopped and stared straight ahead. He smiled slightly. \"I'm a grandfather\" ","Summary":" Sheriff John Stilinski tiredly dragged himself up the stair of his dark home. It was 2 in the morni"},{"Movie":"Teen Wolf","Title":"Partir de rien","Author":"HlfBloodPrincess","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11897559","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Introduction: -Scott? -Mhmm? Marmonna le concerné en réparant sa crosse pour le prochain entrainement à venir. -Je viens de remarquer quelque chose à propos de Derek. -Quoi? Demanda-t-il soudain plus intéressé par ce que lui racontait son ami. - Que sa vie sentimentale est un désastre. Entre son premier amour qui n'a pas survécu à la morsure, la tante d'Allison pyromane qui a éliminé sa famille et notre prof d'anglais qui était un Darach on ne peut pas dire qu'il ait eu beaucoup de chance en amour. -C'est vrai que maintenant que tu le dis… -On pourrait l'aider à trouver quelqu'un! Proposa le fils du shérif avec enthousiasme en coupant Scott. -Stiles …Serai-tu en train de me dire que tu veux que l'on joue les entremetteurs pour Derek Hale?! -Bah ça pourrait-être amusant! -Mec, tu es sérieux? Lui demanda-t-il éberlué. - Oui! Il ne se passe plus rien depuis que l'épisode du Darach, au moins ça mettra un peu d'animation. - Je ne suis pas convaincu que Derek soit enchanté par ta proposition. -Mais si mais si, même s'il ne le montre pas Derek est un petit louveteau en mal d'amour. -Euh…On parle toujours la même personne là? C'est à la suite de cette étrange discussion avec son meilleur ami que Stiles Stilinski se mit en tête de trouver LA personne idéale pour Derek Hale avec bien entendu l'aide de Scott McCall. Même si ce dernier n'était pas convaincu par la nouvelle lubie étrange de l'hyperactif. ","Summary":" Introduction: -Scott? -Mhmm? Marmonna le concerné en réparant sa crosse pour le prochain entraineme"},{"Movie":"Teen Wolf","Title":"Pourquoi lui ?","Author":"Ginnymione.lily2","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12697403","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Bonjour tout le monde, Aujourd'hui, je poste un petit OS portant sur la série Teen Wolf. C'est parti pour le blabla. Disclaimer : Rien ne m'appartient, tout appartient au grand Jeff Davis, sauf l'histoire. Attention spoile pour ceux qui n'ont pas encore regardé la saison 2. Pourquoi lui ? Résumé : Scott est mort à cause de la mère d'Alisson. Comment va-t-elle réagir en l'apprenant ? Voilà j'ai fini mon blabla. Bonne lecture. TW Scott était à la soirée hander grand, son plan bien en tête avec les recommandations de Deaton. Il regarda Allison partir et sortit dehors pour voir que Stiles avait réussi à entourer le bâtiment avec la Poudre de Sorbier. Il sortit son téléphone, marcha, vit une voiture foncée droit sur lui et ce fut le noir complet. Lorsque Scott se réveilla, il remarqua que la mère d'Allison était penchée sur lui. « Tu reconnais ceci ? » Lui demanda-t-elle avec un sourire en lui montrant un diffuseur à cigarette. « J'ai dans ma main une variété d'aconit tue-loup que j'apprécie beaucoup. » Continua-t-elle. Le jeune loup-garou remarqua qu'elle tenait un tube à la main. « L'odeur est divine. Mais, pour toi... Elle sera un enfer. » Poursuivit-elle avec un sourire, en mettant le tube dans le diffuseur. « Qu'est-ce que vous faites ? » Demanda Scott, ne comprenant pas pourquoi la mère de son ancienne petite amie faisait cela. « Cela ne se voit pas ? Je vais te tuer ! » Dit-elle d'une voix dure. « Pourquoi ? » « Cela passera pour un accident, les gens croiront que tu as fait une crise d'asthme, que tu n'as pas trouvé ton inhalateur a temps. D'après ton dossier scolaire, tu es un grand asthmatique. » Dit-elle en évitant sa question. Il l'a vit sourire lorsqu'il se transforma. « Arrêtez, je vous en prie ! » Dit-il d'une voix grave en toussant. « Trop tard, l'aconit fait effet, on dirait. » Scott tenta de se lever à l'aide de ses griffes mais, Victoria le repoussa au sol en lui donnant un coup de pied. Elle s'avança vers lui et sourit lorsqu'elle vit qu'il n'arrivait pas à respirer normalement. « Tu aurais pu être un Alpha, Scott ou même un Bêta. Mais, regarde toi, tu es un Oméga. Tu es seul. Misérable ! Tu ne sais dont pas qu'un loup n'a aucune chance de survivre sans une meute ? J'ai déjà entendue le cri d'un Oméga et il était absolument pitoyable. Comme toi. Le hurlement de la solitude est misérable. » Ricana-t-elle. « Je ne suis pas... » Murmura Scott. « Comment ? » Demanda Victoria, surprise qu'il puisse encore parler. « Je ne suis pas... Tout seul... » Murmura le jeune McCall. Il puisa dans les dernières forces qu'il lui restait et hurla. Il hurla pour appeler Derek. Pour Stiles, Allison, Lydia. Pour sa meute. Il sentit ses forces le quitter et il ne résista plus, laissant les ténèbres l'emporter. TW « Scott ! » S'écria Derek en reconnaissant le cri du jeune McCall. « Qu'est-ce qui se passe ? » Demanda Stiles, inquiet. « Fait une brèche ! » Ordonna Derek en montrant la Poudre de Sorbier. « Quoi ? » Demanda Stiles, ne comprenant pas pourquoi il devait faire une brèche alors qu'ils étaient sur le point d'attraper le Maître du Kanima. « T'es malade ! » Poursuivit-il. « Scott va mourir ! » Hurla le dernier des Hale. « Attends ! D'abord, comment tu sais ça ? » Demanda le fils du Shérif en se demandant si c'était un piège. « Je le sais c'est tout ! Fais une brèche ! » Grogna Derek. Stiles soupira et effaça une partie du cercle qui entourait le bâtiment. Derek passa par-dessus la Poudre et courut. Il détecta l'odeur de Scott et la suivie pour arriver devant un petit cabanon. Il défonça la porte et arrêta de respirer lorsqu'il reconnut l'odeur de l'aconit tue-loup. Il trouva le corps de Scott au sol et s'en approcha doucement. Il sentit la présence de Victoria Argent derrière lui et avant qu'il ne puisse se retourner, elle lui planta un couteau dans l'épaule. Elle tenta de le frapper une nouvelle fois mais, Derek lui mordit l'épaule à deux reprise. Il retourna près de Scott, le prit dans ses bras et sortit du cabanon. Il l'amena le plus vite possible à la clinique. Mais, lorsqu'il y arriva. Il sut que s'était trop tard. « Oh non... » Murmura Deaton en voyant le visage défait de Derek et le corps sans vie de Scott. TW Allison était avec son grand-père. Elle voulait aller voir Scott et s'excuser pour les paroles qu'elle lui avait dites, mais elle venait d'apprendre que sa mère était morte. Elle s'était suicidée. Elle pleura longuement dans les bras de son père jusqu'à entendre le cri déchirant de la mère de Scott. « Non ! Mon fils ! Que lui est-il arrivé ! » Pleura-t-elle sur le corps sans vie de Scott McCall. Quoi ? Scott est mort ?! Ce n'est pas possible ! Ma mère et Scott ! Pourquoi le destin s'acharne-t-il autant sur moi ? Pensa-t-elle alors que ses larmes redoublées. Elle ne sut pas comment elle se retrouva dans son lit. Peut-être était-ce son père. Mais elle s'en fichait. Elle venait de perdre sa mère et le garçon qu'elle aimait. Alors, elle pleura encore et encore. Son grand-père passa la voir, lui disant qu'elle devait être forte et qu'elle devait venger sa mère. Mais, il ne dit rien à propos de Scott. Une flamme de rage s'alluma dans le regard de la jeune fille, elle se leva et sortie de chez elle. Elle monta dans sa voiture, alla voir Derek et hurla : « Pourquoi les as-tu tués ?! » « Je n'ai rien fait. » Dit calmement Derek en laissant une larme rouler sur sa joue en pensant à Scott. « C'est moi qui l'a sortit de l'à. Tu aurais vu le visage de ta mère, elle était tellement heureuse d'avoir réussi à tuer Scott ! » Poursuivit-il. « Quoi ? Tu accuses ma mère d'avoir tué Scott ! C'est pas possible ! Elle n'aurait jamais fait cela ! » S'écria Allison. Non, ce n'était pas possible ! Sa mère n'avait pas essayé de tuer Scott, l'homme qu'elle aimait ! Il mentait ! C'est lui, il avait mordu sa mère, c'est à cause de lui. Oui s'est sa faute à lui. « Tu crois que je mens, mais je n'ai pas tué ta mère, elle s'est suicidée parce qu'elle savait qu'elle allait devenir un loup-garou. Elle a tué Scott ! À ton avis, comment aurais-je pu l'a mordre si elle n'était pas avec lui. Tu m'expliqueras aussi pourquoi lorsque je suis entré dans le cabanon, de l'aconit tue-loup était diffusé par un diffuseur pour cigarette. Allison, réfléchit ! J'ai mordu t'a mère, mais je ne faisais que me défendre ! Elle a tué Scott ! Tu comprends ça ? Elle. A. Tué. Scott. » Dit Derek. Allison devait se rendre à l'évidence. Sa mère avait tué son petit ami pour ensuite se suicider. Elle s'en alla et remonta dans sa voiture. Elle conduisit sans trop faire attention où elle allait et fini par s'arrêter près d'une falaise. Elle sortit de sa voiture et alla sur le bord de la falaise. Tant pis pour le Kanima, tans pis pour les autres. J'arrive Scott. Pensa-t-elle avant de sauter. Voilà ce OS est terminé. Dites-moi ce que vous en avez pensé. Biz. Gin' pour vous servir. ","Summary":" Bonjour tout le monde, Aujourd'hui, je poste un petit OS portant sur la série Teen Wolf. C'est part"},{"Movie":"Teen Wolf","Title":"mon royaume pour un peu de place","Author":"Thoas","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12520867","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Voilà, encore un petit OS écrit sur un coup de tête (non mais vraiment, je me suis levée en sursaut à trois heures du mat', j'ai écrit ça et je me suis rendormi direct XD à peine relu le lendemain pour voir s'il y avait de grosses fautes avant de le poster...donc il se peut qu'il reste des erreurs) J'espère que ça vous plaira ! Hésitez pas à laisser une review Bonne lecture à tous ^^ . . . . . Mon royaume pour un peu de place . . . . . - Derek ! Pousses-toi ! J'ai plus de place. - Tu insinues que je suis gros ? - Pas gros, large. - Je suis pas large ! - Alors prouve-le moi et pousses-toi ! Le loup grogna mais ne bougea pas d'un poil pendant que Stiles utilisait toutes ses forces pour le bouger. Le plus jeune devenait de plus en plus rouge sous l'effort qu'il devait fournir mais l'autre n'y prêta pas attention, trop occupé à bouder comme un enfant assis en tailleur au milieu du canapé qu'il avait le malheur de partagé avec l'hyperactif, les bras croisés contre sa poitrine, les joues gonflées et toujours les sourcils froncés. Un vrai gamin, je vous dis ! - Alleeeeezzzzz ! Râla Stiles - Non. - Pourquoiiiii ? - Parce que. - Parce que quoiiiii ? - Parce que parce que. - Mais c'est pas une réponseeeee ! - Tu devras t'en contenter, pourtant. - Nonnnnn. - Si. - Non. - Si. - Non. Deux enfants qui se disputent. Et ça pouvait durer très très très... (il n'y aura jamais assez de très) très (un dernier pour le plaisir ^^) longtemps quand ils s'y mettaient. La meute en avait déjà fait les frais. (Plus de quatre heures ! C'est pas humain !) - Mais alleeeezzzz ! (Oui Stiles traîne toujours les dernières syllabes de ses phrases quand il essaie d'être convaincant) - Non - Je suis ton invité. Tu me dois obéissance et respect. - Mon invité ? Le loup s'étouffa avec sa salive en entendant le mot utilisait pendant que Stiles s'étouffait de rire. - Mais oui ! - Je crois pas, non ! Tu t'es invité tout seul pour regarder un film d'horreur parce que tu es seul chez toi et que tu as trop peur. Film que tu m'as obligé à regarder avec toi et À CÔTÉ de toi. - Je n'en reste pas moins un invité. - Mais pas le mien. - Mais si je suis moi-même mon invité, c'est pas drôle ! (Et oui la discussion n'évoluait pas beaucoup... Mais elle n'évoluait jamais beaucoup avec ses deux-là) - J'ai pas envie d'être drôle. - Mais alleeeezzz ! Dereeeeekkkk ! (Le retour des syllabes allongées) - Non - Si tu te pousses pas immédiatement je t'arrache la tête avec mes crocs ! - Tu me piques mes menaces en plus ?! Le plus vieux pouffa et pendant un instant, le cerveau de Stiles beugua. Il cligna des yeux une bonne centaine de fois, pensant rêvé. Mais non ! Le grand méchant loup avait bien pouffé ! Et croyez-le (ou pas, c'est vous qui décidez, mais ça l'arrangerait que vous le croyiez...) mais voir Derek pouffer était la chose la plus bizarre, inhabituelle et effrayante qu'il n'est jamais vu ! Et il en avait vu pourtant des choses bizarres, inhabituelles et effrayantes ! - Euh...je sais pas moi... Si tu ne te pousses pas, je te castre ! - C'est ça... Et mon cul c'est du poulet ! - C'est vrai ? - Mais non, c'est une expression Stiles. Tu y as vraiment cru ? Re-pouffement et re-clignage des yeux. Regard suspicieux de la part du plus jeune. - Je te crois pas. - À quel moment ? Celui où j'ai dit que mon cul c'est du poulet ou quand j'ai dit que c'était faux ? - Quand tu as dit que c'était faux. Je veux vérifier ! - Tu veux voir mes fesses ? - Oui ! Re-re-clignage des yeux, mais pas de la même personne cette fois. Et rougissement extrême du plus jeune se rendant compte de ce qu'il venait de dire. - Enfin non ! Si ! Seulement si t'es d'accord ! Sourire malicieux et (un peu) pervers de Derek. - Mais bien sûr que je suis d'accord ! Si tu me montres le tien en échange. - Mais j'ai jamais dit que le mien c'était du poulet. - C'est pour rendre la chose égale, Stiles. - Non ! T'avais qu'à te taire si tu voulais pas montrer tes fesses. - Mouais. Pas si sûr. Je pense que tu les aurais vu même si je n'avais rien dit. - Je ne vois pas du tout de quoi tu parles... - Le film d'horreur était là par hasard ? - Bien sûr que c'était du hasard ! Et ça aurait aussi été du hasard si je m'étais (toujours par hasard) coller de peur contre ton torse et qu'en relevant la tête pour m'excuser je me serais rendu compte que nos lèvres étaient quand même vachement près et que (hasard évidemment) les miennes se seraient posées contre les tiennes par accident (ah, tiens, plus de hasard. Dommage, il va nous manquer celui-là) parce que j'aurais peut-être glissé... Entendant cette confession, le loup ne pût s'empêcher de sauter sur le plus jeune et de s'emparer de ses lèvres dans un soupir amoureusement amoureux (mais oui, bien sûr ! ). Quel hasard ! (Et je tairais évidemment la fin de la nuit parce que...voilà, quoi !) ","Summary":" Voilà, encore un petit OS écrit sur un coup de tête (non mais vraiment, je me suis levée en sursaut"},{"Movie":"Teen Wolf","Title":"Lose your mind","Author":"Whaleee","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12662136","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Stiles, Stiles?!\" My light is almost out of battery. I shake it. \"Dammit\" I whisper to myself. \"Stiles? Where are you?\". I'm now in the middle of the Beacon Hills preserve, where my brother and our best friend Scott took of an hour ago. I didn't want them to but they're 2 years older than me so I don't have a big influence on their stupid decisions. They haven't come back yet so I got on my bike and went looking for them. It's midnight, dark and freezing cold. Partly because I'm wearing pyjamas. I started to get out of the woods as it the rain started to pour down. I ran the last bit but stopped as I felt that I kicked something that definitely wasn't a stick or a rock. I tried to look down at touched the ground blindly. After a minute or so I found what I kicked on. It was an inhaler, and I got to the conclusion that it belonged to Scott. I got to road and a car passed by. It made a weird turn from one side to the other like it was something there. I run over to see Scott. \"I think you lost something\" she said reaching out the inhaler for Scott. \"Oh my god, Laura you scared the living hell out of me.\" \"Where's Stiles?\" I asked him worried. And started walking. This was our only way home. \"You're dad caught us.. so he took him with him.\" \"Fist of all, then why are you still here? Second of all why the heck was my dad in the middle of the woods? Third of all why were you in the woods?\" He stopped and did movements with his hands trying to make me forget what I just said. He always did so, but finally he answered and started walking again. \"Firstly, Stiles made it look like he was out here alone that probably wasn't so convincing. Second and third of all, we maybe just were in a crime scene.\" Lowering his voice in the last to words. I stopped and gave him a look. \"We were just where?!\" He tried to shade it. Like he always did as well. In every uncomfortable situations possible. \"We were just in the woods.\" And smiled awkwardly. My body filled with frustration. We were right now in the middle of nowhere and wouldn't make it home in hours. Dad will get worried and mad. Half an hour ago I stood in a crime scene. But Scott plays it off cool, like always. Scott start to groan and put his hands over the side of his stomach. I looked at him. \"Scott, what's going on?\" I say concerned. \"Um-m nothing, I-i just- just hit a tree, yeah I hit, a tree..\" \"With your stomach?\" He nodded. \"We both know you can't lie. Lift up your shirt.\" He sighed and did what I said. He lifted his shirt up and I saw a big bite mark. \"Oh my god, Scott. Wh-what happened?\" \"I-I don't know, a swarm of deers just came and when I got up again a big beast like animal just came and attacked me. And that's when I lost my inhaler.\" He looked down on his stomach - on the bite mark, and covered it up.\" I was about to say something but, we see a car coming towards us. I came him a concerned look but he just shook his head that tells me not to worry about it. We jump and scream before we realise who's car it is. The sheriffs car - my dad's car. Our jaws drops to the ground. We can't hide now. We're in trouble, big trouble. \"Oh my god.\" I say putt my hand on mouth speechless. \"Get in the car both of you, now.\" You can feel his anger from a mile away. We make an awkward face and jump into the backseat. The rain pours down the window and water drop from our foreheads and noses. We sit quiet for a while before my dad speaks up. \"What the hell were you doing, out in the middle of the woods?\" Neither me or Scott could lie, or we could but we sucked at it. This would get ourselves and Stiles in to so much trouble. We looked at each other and Scott started to spill it out, and I filled in some gaps there and where. He sighed. \"Do you know how much trouble and danger you've gotten yourself into?\" I answer \"I think we're pretty aware of that right now.\" My dad gave me a look in backmirror and I looked away quick. After what it felt like an eternity we arrived at Scott's house and dropped him off. I smile at him as he close the door and run inside. Scott only lived two blocks away from were I lived. I'm thankful for that right now, because then dad don't have so much time to yell at me, so Scott didn't have to hear it. \"So, where's Stiles?\" I asked him nervously. \"Where you should've been.\" With that said I jumped in to the conclusion that he was at home. When we arrived at home I jumped out of the car as fast as I could, but dad stopped me before I could get inside. \"Laura!\" I looked back at him. \"I need to go down to the station, but if i find out you two have even thought about going-\" I stopped him. \"I get it dad, we won't go out.\" I turned around and got inside. Outdoors you heard the tires is dad's car going off. \"Stiles!\" I yell, waited and yelled again. \"Come on Stiles, come down!\" I stood still in the stairs for a moment before I walked upstairs. \"You gotta be kidding me\" my body was sore and all it wanted to do was collapse to the floor. I took heavy steps up the stairs and opened Stiles room. There he sat talking to Scott in the computer. I enter and smile at Stiles looking back to me and Scott looking at me on the computer. Scott and Stiles look dead serious and my smile slowly fades. A/N: I just wanted you to know that this is my first ever fanfic and that English is my second language so incorrect grammar can occur. Please review or leave requests! That'll make me very happy. I'll try to post as soon as possible again. ","Summary":" \"Stiles, Stiles?!\" My light is almost out of battery. I shake it. \"Dammit\" I whisper to myself."},{"Movie":"Teen Wolf","Title":"A Beam","Author":"IIvaII","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11942873","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The silence in a room was disturbed only by bird voices outside a window. A rising sun shyly took a look inside, finding a small opening between draperies and reached through. However, it didn`t bother a young man and practically a boy. A picture, which could easily draw attention of a painter: a tender warmth and strong protection. Except for one thing: they hardly knew about that themselves. Stiles had already got tired complaining about Derek brassily invading his room every night and falling asleep beside him. But after two week of such \"invasions\" he stopped complaining. On the contrary, he enjoyed falling asleep and hearing Hale`s steady breath, feeling a slight smell of the forest. Stiles was scared to even imagine, how he might smell to the werewolf with his sensitive nose. Scott would have already started a lecture about receptors and senses… but Stiles wasn`t Scott. Every night they fell asleep on different sides of Stilinski `s bed, which, in fact, wasn`t the widest one, so by a morning they turned out in each other`s embrace. Only that Derek always woke up earlier and managed to slip away, before Stile s woke up and realized, in what positions they were. The sun rose higher, and the beam became more confident and impudent as it aimed directly at an eye of the youth, who was so cozily settled in Derek`s embrace. The most curious was, that the teen was calm and quiet, when he was lying beside the man, he didn`t fidget or had any nightmares. And now this annoying little beam made Stiles wrinkling, forcefully taking him away from a wonderful dream, where he and Hale were together… The eyelashes trembled, and Stiles opened his eyes, realizing, that he was feeling himself rather strange. He tried to move, but failed: Derek braced to his back, hugging him with one of his arms and pressing down with a hip. In fact, their limbs were intertwisted in some interesting and odd manner. Nevertheless, the boy found himself quite satisfied with the current situation. He started carefully turning over, but when he did turned on another side he saw, that Derek wasn`t sleeping. For a fleeting second Stiles got confused, but then smiled hesitatingly. - Hi there, - he hoarsely greeted the other man, desperately trying to decipher the expression on Hale`s face, which, as usual, was indecipherable. Perhaps only slightly bewildered. - Hi there, - the man`s lips were suddenly touched by a smile, and Stiles froze, stunned, as his heart missed a beat. The teen thought, that a new sun appeared in the room. It was hesitant at first, but then flamed up brighter and brighter, erasing the last sights of understanding in the youth`s head. Why else would he learn forward and kiss the tempting lips?.. And why would Derek kiss him back?.. Unless… - Good morning… - smirked Hale, drawing back a little. He softly ran a hand over the boy`s cheek, avoiding the birthmarks and making the boy shiver. Stiles gave a tremble nod. Definitely it was much better than just a \"hi\". So Stiles reached out again against Derek, receiving his next portion of \"good morning\". An impudent beam broke through the window. Stiles squeezed his eyes and nuzzled dipper into a pillow. He heard a quite harrumph by his side, and a heavy arm covered his naked back, the owner of the arm cuddled closer. Stiles smiled happily, only a little unpleased by the presence of a cloth on the muscled body. - You were late… - mumbled Stiles without any attempts to turn over or open his eyes. - Got delayed. Wolf-business, as you like to call it… - You could wake me up! – said Stilinski, making a false resentful voice. - You were sleeping so sweetly, - whispered Derek, raising a little and slightly biting the teen`s skin under the shoulder blades. After that he made his way up the spine, towards the neck, gently pressing his opened teeth against the skin. A ragged breath escaped the boy`s lips. Stiles tried his best to show, that none of this disturbed or moved him. Almost. If he wouldn`t turn over, then Derek wouldn`t notice… But he again forgot about the highly sensible receptors (damn Scott with his lectures)… - Good morning, - said Derek directly to Stile`s ear, making the last turn his head. He kissed the boy tenderly. And it was over. There was no place for offences or resentments, only sincere pleasure in tight and strong embraces, which could be even stronger, in passionate kisses, which blew the mind better, than any alcohol… - Good indeed!.. – said Stiles, placing his head on the werewolf`s shoulder and slowly passing his finger over the man`s chest. ","Summary":" The silence in a room was disturbed only by bird voices outside a window. A rising sun shyly took a"},{"Movie":"Teen Wolf","Title":"consumed","Author":"OliverHALE.x","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12524273","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I recently found one of my older fanfics, so I thought I'd post it on here. Hope you enjoy, sorry if you don't and I have wasted your time- side note The obnoxious ring of stiles cell phone woke him from his deep sleep. A deadly silence spoke louder than words on the other side, stiles moved the phone away from his ear. His eyes still a blur in the bright morning light, scrunching his eyes and rubbing the dust away from his eyes: Scott. The name appeared flashing but still there was no noise 4:56am. \"Scott why are you calling at 5 o'clock in the morning\" a drop and a wheeze spoke for Scott. \"Scott!\" stiles voice started to shake worried for his friend \"tell me where you are!\" \"I-I don't kno-\" Scott's voice was agonising, stiles could hear the pain in every word. Stiles rushed towards his cupboards grabbing the first comic book t-shirt he could find, throwing jeans on and slipping into trainers he ended the call with a harsh \"stay safe, be still\" a beeping ended it all and stiles heart sank. Stiles shaking hands as his knuckles went red and his hands grew white. \"come on Liam\" stiles typed his number in rushing fumbling over different numbers- \"Liam come on\" stiles muttered at his phone as he waited for Liam's answer. Ringing with no answer the anxiety started to rush through stiles body and then finally reassured. by the groggy voice of Hayden \"stiles? what's up? why so ear-\" cut of by stiles suddenly \"Hayden hi, sorry put Liam on its serious\" Hayden didn't need to question it, she understand through the worry that spoke clearer than his words, almost masked by its worry. \"stiles I get you're a bit weird, but 5am!\" Liam joked trying to calm stiles \"Liam it's Scott, start getting ready! he is lost and panicking, I think -think he's-\" stiles started to break down with every word trying to pace his sentences. \"stiles what is it? say it slowly, I'm getting ready, calm down please\" with a gulp he let stiles once again start \"he's having an Asthma attack\" \"I'll come and get you, I'll be there shortly, it will be okay\" and with that Liam howled into the morning sky alerting Scott, hopefully reassuring him with his present, Liam dropped the call and whispered \"I'm coming Scott\" ","Summary":" I recently found one of my older fanfics, so I thought I'd post it on here. Hope you enjoy, sorry i"},{"Movie":"Teen Wolf","Title":"Help Please","Author":"ReaderBabe22","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12860220","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I am currently trying to find this one story so if anyone knows story this is please let me know. What I remember is that it is a Teen Wolf fic featuring sterek. So in the beginning of the story Stiles is very happy and loved and I 5hink an Omega too. But then his mom dies and his dad who is an alpha of the stilinki pack goes into deep depression and I'm pretty sure later dies. Stiles have to make it on his own because his dad ended them up going into debt with other packs so he slowly starts to sell his land to repay it. Oh and the Hales family is alive too. I don't if this will help but there are pictures of each characters in their wolf forms and it was also posted on archive of our own. So please if anyone knows this story or similar then leave a review. Thanks ","Summary":" I am currently trying to find this one story so if anyone knows story this is please let me know. W"},{"Movie":"Teen Wolf","Title":"mauvaise idée","Author":"Thoas","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12507218","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Voilà un petit délire sur teen wolf. Léger Sterek. J'espère que vous l'aimerez. Blabla habituel… rien ne m'appartient et je m'excuse d'avance s'il y a des fautes d'orthographe. Bonne lecture à tous ! ^^ . . . . . Mauvaise idée . . . . Si on lui demandait, Stiles dirait que ses idées étaient bonnes. Si on demandait à son entourage, la réponse serait légèrement différente. Mais ce qu'ils disaient n'été pas très important vu qu'on ne leur demandait pas leur avis. C'est ce que leur a répondu Stiles. Et c'est ce qui a provoqué le débat. ‹‹ Et en quoi, je vous prie, mes idées ne sont pas bonnes ? - Elles sont foireuses. - J'exige que l'on me donne des exemples. - La fois où tu as voulu réaménager tout l'appartement de Derek pendant qu'il était en voyage ? - Je ne vois pas en quoi mon idée était mauvaise. - Je ne le voyais pas non plus. C'est pour ça que j'avais accepté. Jusqu'à ce que je vois le papier peint que tu lui avais acheté. - Il était très bien mon papier peint. - Peut-être pas du point de vue de Derek. - Et c'est de ma faute si ce loup grognon n'a pas de goût ? - C'était quand même un papier peint rose avec des petits cacas volants... - Je ne vois pas où est le problème. Votre exemple est nul et ne suffit pas. - La fois où tu as voulu rendre tous les mecs de Lydia gay ? - Pas de ma faute si elle, elle a du goût. - Quand tu as décidé que tu voulais être une fille. - Mon travestissement était parfait. On m'a même dragué. - Quand tu as voulu initier ton père au porno gay - C'était pour qu'il est l'esprit plus ouvert. - Quand tu as décidé d'aller te promener et que tu t'es perdu. - Ça arrive même aux meilleurs. - ...dans ta propre ville. - Il faisait trop sombre pour y voir clair. - Justement ! On a passé la nuit à te chercher. - Vous n'étiez pas obligé. - Tu nous as appelés en nous disant que tu étais retenu en otage. - C'était pour être sûr que vous alliez venir. - Ou encore la fois où tu nous as obligé à t'aider à embêter Harris. - Il m'avait énervé et seul, je ne pouvais rien faire. - Tu n'étais pas forcé de nous menacer. - Vous êtes tellement mignons quand vous êtes contraints. - On a réussi à mettre notre classe entière en retenue. - Je m'en souviens, tout le monde vous as détesté et à refuser de vous adresser la parole pendant plusieurs semaines. - Et la fois où tu as décidé de tromper Derek pour satisfaire ton ego ? - Je dois avouer que ce n'était peut-être pas la meilleure décision. - Avoue que tu as fait le mauvais choix. - Ça peut m'arriver. - Mais le problème est là, Stiles, tu prends toujours les mauvais choix ! - Oh, tais-toi Derek, je te rappelle que tu es l'un de mes choix ! Ouvrez les yeux, vous n'avez pas d'arguments contre moi ! Je suis le plus puissant d'entre vous. - Et la fois où tu as voulu voir si un chewing-gum collait vraiment aux cheveux sur Lydia ? - C'était une expérience à but scientifique. - On a dû tout couper. - Les cheveux courts lui allaient très bien. Et pourquoi vous êtes tous contre moi ? Il n'y a personne pour aller dans mon sens ? Même pas toi, Scott ? - À vrai dire, je ne me souviens plus de la question de départ... - Il faut suivre un peu, Scotty-Boy. Je crois que c'était de savoir si oui ou non un plan à trois avec Derek, Peter et moi était une idée envisageable. - Moi ! Je suis avec toi, Stilinou. - Merci Peter, t'es le meilleur. - C'est une mauvaise idée, Stiles. - Je n'ai jamais de mauvaise idée.›› Et voilà, c'était reparti pour un tour... ","Summary":" Voilà un petit délire sur teen wolf. Léger Sterek. J'espère que vous l'aimerez. Blabla habituel… ri"},{"Movie":"Teen Wolf","Title":"Quelle irresponsabilité?","Author":"Thoas","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12573537","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Salut les gens ! Un petit OS tranquille et pas très réaliste (mais ce n'est pas trop grave... si ?) qui j'espère, vous plaira ! Je tiens à préciser que je n'ai jamais été enceinte donc pas tapé s'il y a des erreurs qui vous déchirent les yeux... Faites-le juste remarquer et promis je corrigerais Comme d'habitude, je m'excuse s'il y a des fautes d'orthographe Et je vous souhaite une bonne lecture ! . . . . . Quelle irresponsabilité ? . . . . . - Allô ? - Papa ? - Stiles? - J'ai une super nouvelle pour toi ! - Tu me fais peur, là... - Tu vas être papi ! - C'est censé être une bonne nouvelle ? - Tu n'es pas content ? - Si, si, vraiment super content... - Pourquoi ? - Pourquoi quoi ? - Pourquoi tu n'es pas content ? - Je suis super content, Stiles, c'est juste... - Juste quoi ? - Je crois que j'ai un peu peur... - Peur de quoi ? - De ton irresponsabilité... - Je suis quelqu'un de très responsable ! - Si tu veux... J'ai aussi peur de ce qui va arriver... - C'est-à-dire ? - Stiles... Tu ne sais même pas t'occuper d'un Tamagotchi... Alors... D'un enfant ? - Ce n'est pas pareil ! Et puis cette fois je ne serais pas seul ! - Évidemment, ça aurait été un peu bizarre, sinon. - Tu m'étonnes... - Et comment va la maman, sinon ? - Bien... Comme d'habitude, elle va bien... - Tu as l'air de souffrir plus qu'elle... - Bah... Tu sais... - Stiles ! On ne dit pas \"bah\"... Et non je ne sais pas. Mais si tu veux m'expliquer, je suis prêt à t'écouter. - C'est juste... Qu'elle est un peu exigeante... - Stiles, c'est le principe d'une femme enceinte... - Oui, mais elle, elle l'était déjà d'origine... Alors, là... - Effectivement... Pas simple... Courage, fils ! - Merci p'pa ! - Stiles ! On ne dit pas \"p'pa\"non plus. Et on ne soupire pas ! - D'accord... - Et vous savez si c'est un garçon ou une fille ? - Non, on a préféré garder la surprise... - Des idées de prénoms au moins ? - Euh... On pensait l'appelait comme sa mère si c'est une fille et comme moi si c'est un garçon... Plus simple à retenir, tu vois...? - Oh. Mon. Dieu. Il va falloir arranger ça... Mais pour l'instant, parlons d'autre chose... Stiles ? - Oui ? -Tu es sûr que ça va ? - Oui, oui... - Vraiment sûr ? À cent pour cent ? ... Parce que j'ai l'impression que tu ne me dis pas tout... - Je crois... J'ai peur pour l'accouchement... Il parait qu'il va y avoir du sang... Et... - Et tu t'évanouis à la vue de la moindre petite goutte de sang... Oui, je sais... Je suis ton père, tout de même... Je sais ce genre de détail un peu...gênant. - Gênant... Tu m'étonnes... - Tu sais Stiles, tu n'es pas obligé de rester près d'elle pendant qu'elle accouche... - Mais si je ne suis pas près d'elle, je vais forcément penser que quelque chose se passe mal et tu sais que quand je panique... - Oui, je sais... Tu peux tomber dans les pommes, aussi... Où oublier tout simplement de respirer... Où te ronger les ongles jusqu'à ce que tu n'es plus d'ongles... Où... - C'est bon ! Tu peux t'arrêter là, papa, je crois que j'ai compris... - On va trouver une solution, fils... On a un peu de temps, de toutes les façons... - Fils ? - Stiles ? Tu es mort ? - Stiles, tu me caches quelque chose ? - Stiles, tu vas vraiment mourir si tu ne me dis pas tout, tout de suite. - C'est bon, pas la peine de me menacer, papa. On va dire... Qu'on n'a peut-être pas autant de temps que ça - C'est-à-dire ? Elle est enceinte depuis combien de temps ? - ... Huit mois... -... Et demi...? - Quoi ?! Et tu comptais m'annoncer la nouvelle quand ? - Calmes-toi, papa ! Pas la peine de beugler, je t'entends très bien... - Quand ? - Euh... Le plus tard possible...? - Mais je suis ton père ! - Je sais... - Alors pourquoi tu ne me l'as pas dit plus tôt ? - Je ne sais pas... Je pense que j'avais peur... - Peur de me le dire ? - Oui...et non. Peur parce que te le dire, c'est l'accepter... Et je crois que je n'y arrive pas... Je ne veux pas être papa... - Calme-toi fils. Tout va bien se passer, ok ? Sèche tes larmes. Tu vas être un très bon père, j'en suis persuadé. Et si tu as besoin d'aide, je serais toujours là. Et puis, de toute façon, il est trop tard, tu ne peux plus reculer. Et tu ne vas pas être lâche, n'est-ce pas ? Je ne t'ai pas élevé comme ça. Tu ne vas tout de même pas laisser la petite Martin s'occuper seule d'un enfant que tu aurais abandonné ? Ce serait indigne de toi... - Stilinski, papa... - Pardon ? - Lydia, elle ne s'appelle plus Martin mais Stilinski... - Ah d'accord... Attends... Quoi ? Vous êtes mariés ? - Euh...peut-être... ? - Depuis quand ? - Sois pas si méfiant, papa... - Quand ? -... Deux ans ? - Papa ? - Est-ce que je suis un mauvais père ? - Non ! - Alors pourquoi tu ne me dis jamais rien ? - J'ai dû...oublier... - Oublier ? Et je suis le seul que tu as oublié de prévenir ? - Non, personne n'est au courant... - Même pas Scott ? -Sauf Scott... - Évidemment... Et la mère de Lydia ? -... Oooops... Mieux vaut tard que jamais, n'est-ce pas ? - Peut-être... - Stiles? - Stiles ? Est-ce que c'est un cri, que je viens d'entendre ? - Stiles, bon dieu, réponds-moi ! -Stiles? - Papa ! Lydia est en train d'accoucher. - Quoi ? C'est pas possible ! Est-ce qu'elle a perdu les eaux ? - Oui, c'est déjà fait... - Quoi ? Depuis quand ? -... À peu près quatre heures, je crois... - Je rêve... - On fonce à l'hôpital ! - Ok, je vais chercher la mère de Lydia et j'arrive ! - D'accord, merci ! - Et... Fils ? - Oui ? - Respire... Tout va bien se passer... Tu es le fils du meilleur père du monde... Je te donnerais mes conseils... Et tu réussiras... Promis ? - Promis. - Bonne chance... ","Summary":" Salut les gens ! Un petit OS tranquille et pas très réaliste (mais ce n'est pas trop grave... si ?)"},{"Movie":"Teen Wolf","Title":"don't frown someone could be falling in love with your smile(and i do)","Author":"falloutwentz","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11393332","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer : What a pity I don't own any of these characters ! I wrote this as an assignment for my english class. English isn't even my first language, so there might be a lot of mistakes. I'm sorry, I did my best ! Anyway, I hope you'll enjoy this as much as I enjoyed writing it, because Allydia is my obsession. « don't frown, someone could be falling in love with your smile (and i do) » Since everyone around me was saying I was too dangerous to live in society or even to go to school, my parents had thought about it many times before sending me here . I hated them for that. I wasn't crazy. Well, I could be kind of agressive sometimes (like breaking a kid's legs because he was pissing me off), but nothing to be afraid of. It wasn't even a mental illness. I told them I could change and try to be less violent in my gestures but, it was stronger than me and I hurt another kid a few days later. And they finally brought me here. Do you believe that ? Seventeen years old and already considered anable to be part of society. I fought till the end but there was nothing to do. And here I was. In this freaking psychiatric hospital. In there, every single day was the same. There was no difference. I was sleeping, wandering, staring at those deranged kids with a blank look, wandering, talking to the crackled walls, wandering, hating the whole world, and still wandering. Everything was so long and boring that I started to wonder if I would spend my entire life in that rubbish hole. Nevertheless, one day, everything changed. The day she came . I was walking in the hallway when I saw this tiny ginger-haired girl. She was obviously lost – who wouldn't be ? - even with these two adults by her side. The girl couldn't stop glancing at everything surrounding her in frantic movements, looking for some help. She tried to find some support in the adults eyes – her parents, I guess – but none of them seemed to care. At that moment, I started to clench my fists and grit my teeth. These monsters were bringing their daughter in the most awful place of the world and they weren't even trying to show her they were broken to leave her alone with all those feelings of insecure. I could hear the sound of the blood beating at my temples yet, but I made a big effort and remained sitting just to see the rest of the scene instead of jumping on my feet to punch those two idiots in the face. Furthermore, to be honest, though I wanted to hurt them, I couldn't help but stare at the girl. I noticed she was already wearing the long white jacket the nurses give us on arrival, but this was just a detail. I couldn't explain why, but everything in her was so fascinating that I could almost regret the rare times I blinked it was seconds I wasn't looking at her, so it was wasted time. She looked so young, you know, I wasn't come to believe she was at least fourteen or fifteen years old – where the age range of my department started. Her long ginger hair were sweeping her waist as she was moving her head. I couldn't see a lot of her but her hair and her bare feet because she was too far from me and I was so spellbound by this little thing that I couldn't move closer. However, I could see the girl pressing something against her chest – a doll. She seemed to hold it very hard, as if it was the only way for her to get reassured. That's how I knew. I knew why at this precise moment I was sitting here and watching this scene in spite of myself. The universe was sending me a message, and it was very clear. I had to be her new doll I had to protect this little thing. As I realized that, the girl started to cry and scream. The nurses had just arrived to take her somewhere else – her cell, just like they had done it for me weeks before – and I saw the woman and the man turn the back and leave the hospital without a last gaze at their daughter. She was struggling and shouting at them with her mouth wide open, but everybody acted as if nothing was happening. You should have listened to this scream. Heartbreaking. I had never heard anything like this before. It sounded like a baby cry full of distress, agony and torment. No any baby is supposed to cry like that. Not mine . They were already vanishing when I started to run after them. It was too late. I thumped the wall to let all my anger escape before venting it in someone's face. I had to see her again. I had to be the shield of this skinny body, and protect it from this awful world and all those crazed people. I needed to see this face, this hair a bit closer, touch it, see her eyes, know her name and so many other things my existence craved to be completed with. I spent the three next days waiting and looking for her. I know it. I counted them. Actually, I counted every second, every moment spent until I would see her again. And this moment finally came. She was there. Stuck between two walls, in a corner. She was, once again, crying, but in silence this time. Her doll was still in her arms, but, there too, it couldn't really protect her from what was standing in front of her – I mean who . I immediately reconized him. His name was Ned, and he had been at the hospital longer than me. He was one of those deranged patients who were in this place for reasons I didn't know (and didn't care about). But this was going to change when I saw that this moron was about to hit my girl. This time I wasn't motionless anymore. That's why, less than two seconds later, Ned was lying on the floor, inert after I had punched him in the face. Usually, I would have beaten him to death for what he was going to do but, I had to do something way more important. I turned toward the girl and I hugged her. I held her as tightly as possible, just as she was doing with her doll. I smelled her hair, touched them, closed my eyes and imagined I was the protective barrier she had always needed. Then I heard a groaning. I glanced at Ned, still on the floor, and I warned him with my fiercest voice : « Try to touch her again and I'll kill you. » And I'm pretty sure Ned had never run that fast in his entire life. I refocused all my attention to the girl, who was still in my arms. She was whining, deeply looking at me with her big green eyes. She wasn't saying anything. I mean, not with her mouth. Her eyes, them, they were saying something. But there were too many things, too many words in them that I couldn't catch them all – gratitude, fear, a little bit of curiosity maybe, and so much more. I ran a finger across her childish face – her full lips, her nose, her cheeks, even her eyelashes – and, for the first time since something like my six years old, I smiled – well, I tried to make a smile at least. I didn't remember how to do. Smiles, eyebrows raised, laughs all these impressions hadn't been part of my langage for many years. My only way to speak, to make people understand me, make them feel how I felt, was my voice. Talking from the dawn to the sunset. And all of that had been so from the day I realized words could hurt way more than a look, as much as it could relieve someone. Speech was the best weapon I had – after my hands. But now that I was looking inside her eyes, I wasn't that sure anymore. I knew that, no matter in which way, these green eyes were going to be my death – either because I could already die to save them, or because I could drown in it at any time. « It's okay », I said. « He's not going to annoy you again. Nobody will from now on. I'll protect you at any cost. I promise. » I wished my words would calm her but she couldn't stop whining, and she was breaking my heart doing this, so it was time for me to use my words, and find a way to make her breathe, or draw a smile – God, I was sure she chould make the brightest one. « Hey, look at me – it's okay. He's gone. He won't hurt you, and if he ever does, I'll do something. What's your name, sweetie ? I'm Allison. Do you like it ? You can call me Ally, or whatever you want, I'll agree anyway. So, how do people call you ? » The only answer I got was a look. A deep look. As if she was trying to tell me her name by staring at me. I said with a comforting voice : « It would be easier if you were telling me with your mouth, but don't worry, I'll find something else meanwhile, like, uh... Oh, what do you think about Weenie ? Yeah, that sounds great, doesn't it ? You like it ? Because I do. It's sweet, and kinda pleasurable when I say it. Weenie. Yeah, I definitely like it. » I looked for an answer somewhere in her expression, unsuccessfully. Only silent tears – and I finally understood why. I was still holding her... too hard. And it was hurting her ( I was hurting her). That's why she was kept crying. I immediately unclenched my embrace and, as my stomach was turning upside down, I delivered in a horrified tone : « Oh my gosh I'm so, so, so sorry baby I didn't want to harm you, I swear I just wanted you to be okay and stop crying 'cause you know I hate seeing you cry, that breaks my soul in a way you don't imagine I swear to God, please Weenie forgive me, I've been waiting for you for my entire life and – and I'm very, very sorry. I was so relieved when I saw Ned hadn't injure you and look at me, I'm doing worse while all I want is to protect you. Trust me. Can we start over ? » I didn't remember how crying felt like neither but believe me, I felt like I was about to break into tears. Weenie and I had just met and I already had screwed everything up. So here again, I realized another thing. And what if she and I couldn't be friends ? What if we couldn't even stand next to each other ? She was so frail, and I was so... Well, I was so me, so brutal. How the hell was I supposed to protect her while I could break her at any time without wanting it ? I was still wondering how this little bird could walk without breaking her own legs, holding her hand could be a serious risk. Weenie was the porcelaine and I was the vicious hammer. However, I didn't have to worry about it because I was sure Weenie would be afraid and run away from me, and never accept my apologies. I was wrong. She just stared at me once more for a long moment, and then examined me from head to toe. Weenie was incredible. I could have been the weirdest girl of the world (and I kind of was) and told her I wanted her to be my toy, she would have reacted the same way. The fact that I suddenly appeared and told her I wanted to look after her seemed perfectly normal to her, while if I had been in her stead, I would have had a very, very violent reaction. I loved her a little more then, if it was possible to do so. Her stare was indecipherable. Full of a billion things that no one could figure out. She inclined her head a bit, wedged her doll under her arm and, very, very softly, as if I was the one who needed to be treated carefully, she slipped her small hand in mine, and her eyes told me to be confident and to follow her. I did. I had no idea where she was taking me but honestly, I was too focused on our hands to be really intrigued. I was too fearful to dare to press her hand though I wanted it more than anything else. I started to listen to the wet sound her feet were making as she was walking – nothing to do with my elephant steps – and I was pretty shocked she was actually walking and not flying like a small fairy. As I was thinking that, I felt the wind caressing my and I were now outside, in the garden. I had never been there before, I didn't even know this disgusting hospital had such a beautiful place somewhere. There were trees, a multitude of flowers, and the greenest grass I had ever seen. Slowly, I kept following Weenie's steps across the garden, and stopped gazing at the vegetation to bring my look back to her. There was no doubt she was where she had to be this time in an extraordinary place, just like her. Not stuck between some putrid walls. Suddenly, Weenie stopped walking next to a flowerbed, sat on the grass and looked at me, inviting me to do the same, which I did. And then, she did something very surprising she, as I had done an hour earlier, raised her hesitant hand to my face and, very softly, started to touch my ears, my thick eyebrows, my straight nose, my lips, my cheekbones. Even my traits were firm, raw, and the perfect opposite of hers. She buried her big green eyes in mine, and I am almost sure I saw them twinkling. Then, still in an uncertain motion, she took her doll more carefully than if it were a baby and put it down between us. It felt as if it was the first time she was doing that. The doll was messy haired and a bit dirty, but not as much as its dress – it must have been white formerly. I was noticing something else about this dress when I felt Weenie's little hand reaching to my dark and drab hair, that is to say hair that had nothing to do with hers, except maybe for the fact that they were both tangled. First she was only touching it, but then, she was frankly playing with it, and I swear she had never looked like a little child more than then. Her look seemed concentrated, while her lips were breaking into a lovely smile I fell in love with, her tongue stuck between her teeth. As she kept playing with my hair, I refocused for a short while on the doll's dress. Something was written on it, but it was so old and dirty that the letters had faded. Nevertheless, by screwing up my eyes, I could read them : it was « Lydia ». I turned my face toward Weenie's and asked : « Is Lydia the name of your doll ? » I was scared of having to guess the answer by looking at her eyes but fortunately, she nodded after she had looked at me for a while. I couldn't help adding : « Is it also yours ? » This time, Weenie looked down, avoiding my eyes, and nodded again. It didn't take me long before understanding what that meant. And it is certainly at the same time one of the most grievous and beautiful things I have ever seen. Weenie's actual name was Lydia, and it was also her doll's name. Her doll was protecting her, the only one who was there for Lydia, and who was taking care of her, in a way. So if Lydia was sheltering Lydia, that meant Lydia was the only one who could take care of herself. « I love your name. I love your doll's name. It's beautiful, it sounds just like the name of a flower. I love flowers. I love you little flower. » Days went by and I spent each of them with my Lydia. Every day, she was holding my hand and was taking me to the garden. Sometimes, when she wasn't playing with my hair, I was sitting on the grass and I could look at her for hours, falling in love with the way she was smiling as a butterfly was brushing past her tiny nose, her childish laugh, the way her hands were doing my hair, and how the world seemed wonderful because her heart was beating. I didn't live a single day without wondering how I could have even breathed before I knew her – well, even with her, I was breathless just by gazing at her shape. Some other times, we were talking – with mouth for me, with eyes, tears or hands for her. We could talk about absolutely nothing, as much as we could talk about very painful things, like, for example, our past. Hers was the worst of all. I saw way too many horrors in the green ocean of her eyes than words could say. And we were always there to support and love Lydia, her doll and I. I mean until that day. We had just sat down in the garden when I noticed Lydia hadn't taken her doll with her. « Lydia, where is your doll ? », I asked with apprehension. Before I could find the answer in her look, my little love came closer to me, wrapped her fragile arms around my shoulders, and I stopped breathing as she said : « You. » ","Summary":" Disclaimer : What a pity I don't own any of these characters ! I wrote this as an assignment for my"},{"Movie":"Teen Wolf","Title":"Where is your Happy Ending?","Author":"IIvaII","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11944227","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Derek doesn`t like a full moon. The Wolf inside threatens to escape, scratch its` way out through the ribs, slop the blood and fill the inside with the toxic saliva. Hale used to contain himself because of the wolf cubs – cannot break down, should set an example, be resistant. They used to be an anchor for him, and he – for them. Every full moon they spent together in an abandoned depot or basement, or loft. Later all the cubs learned how to control themselves, got used to restrain the wolves, chain them. It became harder for Derek to control his body, which persistently tried to go loose. That was the time, when Stiles appeared. He busily placed cans with ice cream on a dinning bar in the loft and gave Derek to choose what movie to watch tonight – \"The Matric\" or \"The Lord of The Rings\". It has become their tradition to spend a full moon together. In fact, they have been spending every other night together as well for three years already. Derek feels the pressure of a full moon above him and can hear a sound of the inner chain links breaking louder in his ears, so he puts the hammer down as much as he can, running for Stiles. The boy told he needed something in a forest near a burned-out villa, whether some herbs or to perform another shamanic ritual – Derek didn`t want to get involved in this, and Stilinski didn`t insist. Somewhere on a level of the sixth, seventh oh god knows which one of the wolf senses, but Hale feels uneasy. A small tickle, almost like with a feather, but it keeps reminding about itself, not allowing to ignore it. And Derek has learned to trust his senses, so he has suggested picking up the boy, Stiles has joyfully accepted it. The full moon is already sending a mirage of something unearthly, when Hale reaches his destination. He only has to turn to a road directly to the big house, as his heart suddenly freezes for a moment, and dull pain rises in his head. Not his. The pair`s. Derek jumps out of the car, instantly growing his fangs and claws, and sprints in the direction of, where he feels, Stiles is. And there is one more thing – a smell of blood. He covers the distance between them in seconds and stops in his tracks, unable to move. Derek has heard from his mother and uncle many times about, what happens to werewolves, who lose their anchor. But he has never seen it, until this moment. Erica doesn`t look like herself – her light curls have become dirty icicles, her cloths is ripped and smudged with earth and blood. She was bending over lying on the ground Stilinski and tearing him with her claws. She looks up at the frozen alpha, and her eyes flare in blue. - And where is your happy ending now? – she pronounces indistinctly because of her deformed face and ardor. Then she rises up and runs away to the forest without even one backward glance. Hale is standing still for a moment longer and dasher up for Stiles, who is lying on a thin sheet of snow. The boy`s chest was all ripped-open, and blood isn`t oozing out anymore, the heart isn`t beating. Derek tries to exhaust the pain, but fails. He vacantly looks at the beloved face, closes the chocolate eyes, which have been covered by a white veil of death. But the boy`s face doesn`t look scared or terrified, just sorrow and… peace. Derek has heard from his mother and uncle many times about, what happens to werewolves, who lose their pair. But he has never seen it, until this moment. He turns into a wolf, who Stilinski liked to pat behind the ears so much, and pushes the falling down human out of the way, lays down on the boy`s chest, allowing the blood to soak the thick black underfur, to dissolve in it. The wolf is listening to the sounds of the forest and to the howls of the human inside. A pair is a meaning of life to a wolf. You kill one – you kill both. The wolf sighs heavily, getting comfortable and covering Stiles from the starting falling snow with his body. The wolf closes his scarlet eyes. Not to open them again. ","Summary":" Derek doesn`t like a full moon. The Wolf inside threatens to escape, scratch its` way out through t"},{"Movie":"Teen Wolf","Title":"consumed","Author":"OliverHALE.x","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12524299","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I recently found one of my older fanfics, so I thought I'd post it on here. Hope you enjoy, sorry if you don't and I have wasted your time- side note The obnoxious ring of stiles cell phone woke him from his deep sleep. A deadly silence spoke louder than words on the other side, stiles moved the phone away from his ear. His eyes still a blur in the bright morning light, scrunching his eyes and rubbing the dust away from his eyes: Scott. The name appeared flashing but still there was no noise 4:56am. \"Scott why are you calling at 5 o'clock in the morning\" a drop and a wheeze spoke for Scott. \"Scott!\" stiles voice started to shake worried for his friend \"tell me where you are!\" \"I-I don't kno-\" Scott's voice was agonising, stiles could hear the pain in every word. Stiles rushed towards his cupboards grabbing the first comic book t-shirt he could find, throwing jeans on and slipping into trainers he ended the call with a harsh \"stay safe, be still\" a beeping ended it all and stiles heart sank. Stiles shaking hands as his knuckles went red and his hands grew white. \"come on Liam\" stiles typed his number in rushing fumbling over different numbers- \"Liam come on\" stiles muttered at his phone as he waited for Liam's answer. Ringing with no answer the anxiety started to rush through stiles body and then finally reassured. by the groggy voice of Hayden \"stiles? what's up? why so ear-\" cut of by stiles suddenly \"Hayden hi, sorry put Liam on its serious\" Hayden didn't need to question it, she understand through the worry that spoke clearer than his words, almost masked by its worry. \"stiles I get you're a bit weird, but 5am!\" Liam joked trying to calm stiles \"Liam it's Scott, start getting ready! he is lost and panicking, I think -think he's-\" stiles started to break down with every word trying to pace his sentences. \"stiles what is it? say it slowly, I'm getting ready, calm down please\" with a gulp he let stiles once again start \"he's having an Asthma attack\" \"I'll come and get you, I'll be there shortly, it will be okay\" and with that Liam howled into the morning sky alerting Scott, hopefully reassuring him with his present, Liam dropped the call and whispered \"I'm coming Scott\" Liam pulled up to stiles front door, knocking against the cold wood, it was opened by the sherif, shocked Liam fell back slightly \"hi sir, can I have umm, no talk to, um see stiles\" he nodded and stiles ran down the stairs \"let's go!\" stiles called holding his cell phone tightly in his sweating hand, redialling Scott. \"stiles where do you think you're going\" \"school\" stiles said quickly \"it's 5:15 on a Saturday stiles\" the sheriff laughed almost immediately as the door slammed shut in his face, he looked down to his coffee and put on his star \"right\". Running to Liam's new blue car which was freshly cleaned, they heard Scotts voice, \"woods\" with a huge inhale and exhale stiles nodded towards Liam pulling up to the woods, near the abandoned house where Derek could no longer be found, stiles moved his hand to his front pocket, reaching to the blue plastic inhaler. \"Scott\" Liam Howled searching for Scott's specific scent only a deathly blurred smell could be smelt \"stiles don't panic-\" Liam was unsure weather he should tell stiles about what he could smell. Death. Was Scott dying? Stiles turned eyes blood shot and watering \"yes Liam? what is it\" Liam looked at the pale boy standing between sky scraping trees, with his phone clutched in one hand and the other grasping an inhaler. \"we need to find Scott, I can smell death\" Liam knew it wouldn't help stiles but he could be aware, and the urgency would intensify. Starting to run in directions, Liam paced constantly running in circles \"this way!\" Liam pointed toward Derek's house \"he's here!\" In the remains of rock and weeds of Derek's house they looked for Scott, Liam used Scott's pain to his advantage \"Scott where are you?\" he called as a pack member. Using his beta voice to echo towards his true alpha. Liam felt a small wheeze directed at him \"I'm coming Scott\" he answered. Liam was always one of the strongest in the pack his hands ripped apart the rocks that stood in his way, stiles watching in amazement Liam's eyes glow brighter than ever. Laser focused determination was on Scott and finally he found the weak child's heart beat within piles of rubble \"Scott I can see you, hold on\" Liam whispered directed at Scott \"stiles! inhaler!\" without turning Liam caught the inhaler between his finger and thumb. Moments of rushing through rubble, Scott laid across rocks and between growing weeds, Liam jumped down wrapping his arms around Scott's upper body under his arms and lifted him, Scott's heart rate lowered from just being with Liam, he was safe. He was home. Liam held Scott like a child his arms supporting his neck and rested underneath Scott's knees, he ran towards the car calling stiles and placing the inhalers hand he realised Scott couldn't do it himself. Consumed by the weakness. Liam lifted his shirt as he ran to see the crushed rib cage \"Li- am is it- bad\" Scott wheezed every word his heart rate fastening and breathing increasing more rapidly he looked into Liam's eyes and could hear the change in heart beat \"don't - li-\" Liam knocked his own head back unable to look at his friend, a tear ran from the corner of his eye. \"it will heal Scott, you will be okay, I will make- make sure of it\" Liam voice broke and Scott closed his eyes comforted by Liam's conference. Liam laid him down on the back seats \"okay Scott inhale\" Liam pumped the inhaler into Scott's mouth and moving it away he measured his breathing pattern, starting to settle. Liam moved his hand across Scott's chest gently trying to remove any pain he felt from the crushing of his bones. Stiles slammed the door of the car as he got in the drivers seat, Liam sat in the foot well nursing Scott who laid across the back passengers seat. \"stiles call Scott's mum, we have to go to the hospital. immediately\" with the acceleration of the car Scott jerked forward but Liam held him reducing the force that would be caused on Scott's fragile body. \"uhhh!\" Scott jerked as the car moved over stones and twigs that lay across he woodland floor, Liam wrapped himself gently around Scott's glass body. \"you'll be okay Scott, we're nearly there\" knowing this would comfort Scott he controlled his heart beat and lied, but Scott didn't realise. Liam placed the inhaler back onto his pale blue lips \"okay Scott breathe in\" with that Liam pumped the inhaler, finally getting Scott's breathing to settle, a weight lifted from both Liam's and stiles chest metaphorically. ","Summary":" I recently found one of my older fanfics, so I thought I'd post it on here. Hope you enjoy, sorry i"},{"Movie":"Teen Wolf","Title":"what did you think we were gonna do? run?","Author":"cheeselover33","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12651293","Passage":"[Chapter 1] hi guy's so this is my first ever story/fanfic to ever publish, so please go light on me, anyways I'm so excited. I will be writing Scalia (Scott and Malia) one shots, and \"what if\" stories, this first one will be a \"what if\" story, 6x15 what if malia had a panic attack in the sheriff's station. Here we go. Oh and I unfortunately don't own Teen Wolf or the characters MTV, I only own this story :) Malia was looking through the police stations window, bright lights blurring her vision, but she could hear heart beats, a lot of them, \"they all probably have guns too\" she thought, her eye's widened as a sudden wave of fear hit her ( the anuka-te was there) she waited for it to wear off but when it didn't she panicked, all she could think about was \"We're going to die here\" The room started to spin, and all of a sudden she couldn't catch a breath, her heart was beating so fast, and she could almost feel the blood running through her vains, she moved away from the window, the room still spinning, suddenly her primal instincts kicked in. RUN! LEAVE EVERYONE AND RUN! And as much as she wanted to she knew she couldn't leave her pack, she looked at them \"we need to get out of here\", \"give him a chance he knows what hes doing\" Scott replied still looking through the window \"I am giving him a chance, he can talk all he wants, but we need to get the hell out of here\" Liam looked at malia \"we need to get Jiang and Tierney out\" \"screw them its Stilinski's job\" she replied clutching her fist trying to control her self, scott turned around to face malia \"its our job to keep them alive\" she looked at him in terror, she was about to say something but than Theo walked in \"Not mine\" was his entering line, Liam started walking towards Theo \"want me to kill him?\" Malia put a hand in front of Liam keeping him from getting any closer to Theo. \"No just leave him, can we just please go!\" malia felt like she could lose it any second, \"we're not going anywhere don't you get it, we're trapped, the have all of the doors and windows cover, we're going to die in here\" the girle that got shot spoke, her word's echoed in Malias ears, \"We're going to die in here\" it was all Malia could hear, the fear was getting stronger every second, she felt her claws digging into her palm. \"just breath Malia, count to 10\" she told her self \"1..2..3-\" but Theo broke her gaze \"does someone want to kill her\" and than Malia lost it \"shut up!\" she shouted at Theo, everyone looked at her in shok, Scott ran to holding her back by her arm \"Malia, take a deep breath you're shaking\" in the corner of his eye he noticed blood on her palm, claw marks, \"she's gonna lose it\" he thought and just as she was going to say \"I'm fine\" she realized she couldn't all that happened was her eye's flashed blue looking right into Scott's. His eye's widened, shit, what was he going to do, \"Malia, you need to calm down\" the only response he got was a growl, he had to calm her down but there was too many people in the room, he took her hand and pulled her out of the room, looked back at Liam and said \"keep everyone here, we'll be back in a few minutes she just needs to cool off\" Liam nodded in response, Scott and Malia left the room. He pulled Malia into the room next to the Sheriff's office, it was full of files and cases, he locked the door and when we turned around he saw Malia clutched in the corner of the room, her claws digging into the shelf next tp her, she was holding onto it for dear life. Scott came running to her, cluched down to the floor next to her \"Malia control it, find you're anchor\" those words hit her right where it hurt, she didn't have an anchor anymore, Stiles wasn't her anchor anymore, she let out a growl full of pain. Scott was confused, was she okay, was she hurt, and than it hit him, he remembered the story that stile told him, how they were in the basement and she learned to controle her shift, HE was her anchor, just like Allison used to be his, damn it Stiles he thought. \"Malia you're safe ok? Listen to me, be you're own anchor, common you can do it.\" he put his hand on her shoulder, still she wasn't calming down, \"I-I can't\" she started growling even more, her claws growing bigger, \"Yeah Malia you can, I know you can.\" he said reassuringly but that didn't help \"no Scott I-I can't I can't I-\" another growl came out, Scott knew it was now or never, he had to do something, he reremembered it wasn't always easy for him to be his own anchor either, so we finally realised what we needed to do \"I'll be you're anchor\" the girl didn't reply, Scott took her in his arm's holding her tight, at first she tried to push him off but he just held her tighter \"Malia its okay, you're safe with me, just hold on to me and take a deep breath\" after a few seconds he felt the girl relax in his arms, for a moment everything was quiet, and all of a sudden he felt his shirt getting wet, Malia was shaking, silently sobbing into her alphas chest, that sight broke Scott's heart, his Malia was hurt, he took her hand and placed it in his, it fit perfectly. She looked up at him, dry tears all over her cheeks \"thank you\" she whispered, he smiled at her hugging her tighter \" I knew you could do it.\" sooo how did you guy's like it??? Should I do more? Please review, all recviews are welcome, and all the critics too, just please remember this is my first story so it isn't that good, anyways hope you enjoyed :) -M ","Summary":" hi guy's so this is my first ever story/fanfic to ever publish, so please go light on me, anyways I"},{"Movie":"Teen Wolf","Title":"Ce n'est pas important","Author":"Thoas","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12500392","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Mot de l'auteure : Un petit OS écrit à la va-vite mais il fallait que je l'écrive. C'est tiré d'une expérience personnelle, même si j'ai un peu arrangé pour que ce soit plus romancé. Cet OS décrit juste les pensées de Stiles, il n'y a donc pas de pairings. Je m'excuse d'avance s'il y a des fautes d'orthographe. N'hésitez pas à me les faire remarquer :P Note K + Évidemment rien ne m'appartient excepté le contexte. Voilà, j'espère que ça vous plaira ! ^^ / . . . . Ce n'est pas important . . . . Scott est parti. Encore. Il doit aller voir Allison. Comme d'habitude. Il m'a laissé là, seul, comme il me laisse toujours. Il l'aime. Alors je ne compte plus, je ne suis plus son ami, je ne suis plus rien. À peine une vieille connaissance. Je ne vaux plus grand-chose. Ce n'est pas moi. Ce n'est pas moi qui le connais depuis qu'il est enfant. Ce n'est pas moi qui ai séché ses larmes bon nombre de fois. Ce n'est pas moi qui suis resté, lorsque son père est parti, que sa mère travaillait trop pour s'occuper de lui. Ce n'est pas moi qui lui ai tenu compagnie quand il était seul. Ce n'est pas moi qui l'ai soutenu pendant sa transformation en loup-garou. Ce n'est pas moi qui l'ai attaché, supporté pendant les pleines lunes. Ce n'est pas moi qui ai écouté tous ses doutes, ses appréhensions. Ce n'est pas moi qui lui ai remonté le moral après toutes ses défaites. Ce n'est pas moi qui l'ai félicité après toutes ses réussites. Ce n'est pas moi qui l'ai écouté déblatéré pendant des heures. Ce n'est pas moi qui ai assisté à toutes ses histoires d'amour. Ce n'est pas moi qui l'ai attendu, seul sous la pluie, qui l'ai encouragé, qui ai souffert, qui l'ai protégé. Ce n'est pas moi. Je me sens abandonné, laissé derrière. Je crois que j'avais besoin de toi, Scott. Je crois que j'avais besoin de toi autant que tu as eu besoin de moi. Et j'aurais aimé que tu sois là, que tu m'écoutes, que tu me soutiennes. Et tu n'es pas là. Tu m'as tourné le dos, sans remords, sans regret, sans compassion. Tu ne sais pas, tu ne m'as pas écouté, tu ne m'as pas entendu crier. Et j'ai crié. J'ai crié pour toi, Scott. Il fallait que tu m'entendes. Mais tu as fait le sourd, mes problèmes n'étaient pas assez importants à tes yeux. Tu me l'as dit. Ils ne sont pas assez importants. Ce sont tes mots, Scott. Et j'ai gardé ta phrase. Je l'ai gardé en moi. Mon cerveau l'a gravé au plus profond de mes souvenirs. Ta phrase, Scott. Ce n'est pas important. Je te l'ai dit clairement. Je t'ai dit que j'avais besoin de toi, de te parler. Tu m'as dit que tu n'avais pas le temps. Je t'ai forcé à l'avoir pour moi. Et tu m'as dit que je n'étais qu'un égoïste. Tu m'as craché cette insulte en même temps que cette phrase. Tu me l'as craché, comme si tu voulais me blesser. Tu l'as craché sans penser qu'elle m'atteindrait. Mais elle m'a atteint, elle m'a blessé. Oui, je suis un égoïste. Un égoïste tellement idiot, mais qui a besoin d'aide. Qui a besoin de ton aide. Je t'ai forcé à t'asseoir et j'ai parlé. Un flot de paroles continu, comme je sais si bien le faire, et que tu as appris à ne plus écouter. Un flot de paroles continu, seulement brisé par mes reniflements et mes pleurs. Tu ne m'entendais pas. Tu ne me voyais pas non plus. Tu n'as pas pris conscience que mes larmes étaient sincères, et qu'elles t'étaient adressées. Tu n'as pas compris ce que signifier mes mots, mes gestes, tu n'as pas voulu les comprendre. Tu t'es levé et tu t'es enfuis, dès que ma voix a cessé. Et je suis resté. Et j'ai laissé le bourdonnement de ta moto s'éloigner, partir loin de moi dans un claquement final. J'avais besoin de ton aide. Et tu ne m'as pas écouté. Tu avais autre chose à faire. Tu avais d'autres personne à voir. Des personnes qui d'après toi, avaient plus besoin de ton temps que moi. Tu penses que tu peux me faire passer au second plan. Tu penses que cela ne me fera rien. Ça devrait ne rien me faire. Mais je suis si sensible, si futile. Je suis un idiot. Et je me créais des problèmes inutiles. Tu es parti. Tu ne m'as pas écouté. Ce n'est pas important. Tu as raison, je ne suis qu'un pauvre égoïste. Tu as raison, je le sais. Je sais. Je le sais, je parle trop. Je le sais, je bouge trop. Je le sais, j'en demande trop. Je sais que je ne suis qu'un hyperactif, rien d'important. Je sais qui je suis. Je sais que je ne mérite pas beaucoup d'attention. Je suis comme une plante, qu'il faudrait arroser toutes les semaines, une corvée à laquelle il faut se plier à chaque fois, jusqu'à ce que la plante meurt. Je sais que je ne suis au fond, encore qu'un enfant. Je sais que je peux être fatiguant, rapidement devenir insupportable. Je sais que je suis fragile, d'apparence comme de caractère. Je sais que je demande beaucoup trop d'attention, d'énergie. Je sais que je me plains trop, que je ne sais pas résoudre mes problèmes, que je suis incapable de me débrouiller seul. Je sais que j'ai tout le temps peur, que je sais mal gérer mes sentiments. Je sais que mes yeux pleurent trop, que mon sourire disparaît trop vite et souvent pour de mauvaises raisons. Je sais que mes blagues ne sont pas drôles, que je ne fais pas rire. Je sais que mon sourire me donne l'air idiot, que je doute trop. Je sais que mes pensées ne sont pas très ordonnées, que je ne suis pas parfait. Je sais que je suis trop maigre, que je mange tout de même trop. Je sais que je suis quelqu'un de collant, souvent présent. Je sais que je m'énerve pour rien, que je devrais me calmer. Je sais tout cela. Je le sais. J'ai fait une liste de tous mes défauts, pour toi, pour te trouver des excuses. Je te trouve toujours des excuses. Je ne t'en veux jamais. Mais tu vois, en cherchant bien, je me trouve quand même des qualités. Peu, certes, mais elles sont présentes. Et si tu avais pris la peine de les chercher avec moi, si tu étais resté, si tu m'avais écouté, si tu n'étais pas partit furieux, comme si j'avais fait une bêtise, une bêtise inexcusable qui t'as forcé à partir. Je t'en veux un peu quand même. Pour une fille tu oublies ton meilleur ami ? J'aimerais te détester. J'aimerais t'en vouloir bien plus encore. Mais je reste avec ma pauvre haine toujours brisée par mes souvenirs, une preuve que tu m'as déjà rendu heureux. J'essaie de te détester, Scott. Ce n'est pas important. Et ta phrase est restée coincée, pincée entre mes lèvres résolument fermées. Tournée en boucle, dans tous les sens, pendant des heures, juste pour me convaincre que tu as raison. Oui, tu as raison. Ce n'est pas important. Mes problèmes ne sont pas importants. Il y a tellement d'autres choses plus graves. Je ne suis pas le centre du monde, il faut que je cesse de ne penser qu'à moi. Oui, mes problèmes ne sont pas importants. Ce n'est pas important. J'aimerais le dire à mon père quand il me demande comment je vais. J'aimerais le lui dire quand il se rend compte que finalement je ne vais peut-être pas bien, que quelque chose a changé. J'aimerais le lui dire, lui faire comprendre. Le lui dire plutôt que de me jeter dans ses bras, et salir sa chemise de mes larmes. Je me sens si sale. Je prends son temps comme j'ai pris le tien, Scott. Et je sais qu'il a autre chose à faire que de m'écouter pleurer. Et pourtant, lui, il prend le temps. Mais je n'arrive pas. Je n'arrive pas à lui parler, à tout lui expliquer. J'aimerais. J'aimerais lui dire mais je n'y arrive pas. Ma voix reste désespérément bloquée au plus profond des limbes de ma gorge. Je n'y arrive plus. Je n'arrive plus à parler. Peut-être parce que ce que j'ai à dire n'est pas important. Je ne m'exprime plus que par les mouvements, les gestes, les larmes. Plus aucun mot. Et je sais que ce n'est pas important, que ta phrase ne vaut rien pour toi, que tu ne l'as dite que sous le coup de la colère, que tu ne le pensais pas. Mais mon cerveau ne peut l'oublier, ne peux faire comme si tu n'avais rien dit. Tu l'as dit, Scott. Et j'ai entendu. Moi, je t'ai écouté. Je n'aurais pas dû, j'aurais dû faire comme toi et m'enfuir. Mais je ne suis pas comme cela. Je suis faible. Et je sais que mon cerveau me guide dans la mauvaise direction, que si je le laisse m'emporter je vais finir au bord du précipice. Mais je n'ai plus la force de lutter, je l'ai déjà fait trop de fois, souvent à cause de toi, Scott. Alors je me tais. Je laisse le silence m'enfermer et m'écraser. Et ils ont l'air soulagé, tranquille, apaisé que je ne parle plus. Je ne les embête plus. Suis-je moins égoïste, Scott ? Ne répond pas. Ce n'est pas important. Alors pourquoi maintenant vous voulez que je parle, pourquoi vous me suppliez d'ouvrir la bouche, que ma voix s'échappe comme elle le faisait avant ? Pourquoi vous êtes tous là, à me crier dessus pour que je redevienne celui que j'étais. Je suis toujours le même, au fond, vous savez ? Et vous ne le dîtes pas mais je le sais, vous me préférez maintenant, vos efforts sont vains, faits avec mauvaise volonté, vous ne voulez pas que je redevienne comme avant. Je ne parle plus, je ne vous embête plus. Je souris même. Mais pas vous. Vous ne souriez pas. Vous me demandez de cesser mes bêtises, d'arrêter immédiatement de jouer. Vous ne comprenez pas. Je n'y arrive pas. Ma voix ne veut plus sortir. J'ai peur. Et personne n'est là pour m'aider, pour essayer de me comprendre. Même pas toi, Scott. Où est passé mon meilleur ami ? Celui qui me comprenait sans que je n'ai besoin de dire un mot ? Tu ne me comprends pas. Vous m'emmenez voir des médecins. Je ne suis pas malade, j'ai juste besoin de vous. Mais vous n'avez pas de temps à m'accorder. Je prends déjà trop de place dans vos vies. Vous me dites qu'on va m'aider, que les médecins vont m'aider. Je me laisse faire. On m'étudie. On attend. On me surveille. Et on attend encore. Vous attendez que je me décide enfin à parler. Vous me demandez avec de plus en plus d'impatience d'arrêter. Vous pensez que c'est de ma faute. Vous ne comprenez pas. Je ne contrôle plus rien. Vous me demandez d'écrire. Pour m'exprimer. Pour que vous puissiez savoir ce que je pense, ce qui ne va pas chez moi. Je ne peux que griffonner cette phrase. Cette seule phrase en boucle sur la feuille, que je tords de mes mouvements impulsifs et brutaux. Ce n'est pas important. Toujours suivi de ce petit sourire triste. Si triste. Et les larmes me montent aux yeux. Combien de temps vais-je encore rester comme cela ? J'ai envie de parler, même si cela vous embête. J'ai envie de vous agacer encore, de vous raconter des choses inutiles. J'ai envie de faire ce que j'ai envie de faire. J'ai envie de me battre, de ne plus être faible, de ne plus laisser des mots sans importance m'atteindre. Je me sens prisonnier de mon esprit. Je ne comprends pas moi-même ce qu'il m'arrive. Je suis aussi perdu que vous. Et j'aimerais que cela cesse. Vous ne me croyez pas. Vous n'avez pas confiance en moi, je le sais. Vous pensez que je ne suis pas moi, que je joue un rôle. Un sinistre rôle. Comment vous prouvez que j'ai besoin de votre aide ? Vous ne me soutenez pas. Vous me laissez encore plus seul que je ne le suis déjà. C'est moi qui suis détruit. C'est moi qui subis. C'est sur moi que tout retombe. Ce n'est pas important. Et je me tais. Jamais parler. Parce que parler c'est mal. Vous ne m'aimez pas quand je parle. Je ne suis pas important. Vous ne m'aidez pas. Vous me laissez. Vous êtes fatigué. Vous pensez que je peux me débrouiller seul, puisque de toute façon c'est moi qui décide, c'est moi qui joue, c'est moi qui simule. Et j'ai mal. Je me brise. Avec votre accord silencieux. Jamais prononcé, jamais dicter, mais je le sens, je le sens dans vos mots, dans vos gestes. Vous ne voulez plus m'entendre. Ce n'est pas important. Je ne suis pas important. Je sens des bras. Je sens les bras de mon père qui m'encerclent, m'étouffent d'une façon réconfortante. Je sens aussi ta main, Scott, sur la mienne. Je sens les doigts de Lydia se glissaient dans mes cheveux. Je sens la présence des autres autour de moi, de nous. Je sens votre inquiétude, votre détresse, votre désespoir et votre incompréhension. J'entends vos voix, chacune de vos voix me parler et me supplier de vous répondre. J'entends vos mots, vos phrases. J'entends tout. Je vous écoute. Vous voulez m'aider. Vous vous excusez. Mais je n'y arrive pas. Je veux vous couper la parole. Mais je n'y arrive pas. Ma voix refuse toujours de sortir. Et la peur afflue en moi, je tombe à genoux sur le sol froid. Mes larmes s'échappent par flots continus et intarissables. Comme mes mots quand je savais encore parler. Mais à présent mes larmes remplacent mes mots. Je m'effondre. Je crie sans qu'aucun son ne sorte. Je frappe le sol de mes mains fragiles. Du sang coule. Rien de dangereux. Je n'y prête pas attention. Je veux parler. Je veux parler. Je veux parler ! Je suis important ! ","Summary":" Mot de l'auteure : Un petit OS écrit à la va-vite mais il fallait que je l'écrive. C'est tiré d'une"},{"Movie":"Teen Wolf","Title":"Parce que les loups-garous fêtent aussi Noël","Author":"Charle Carval","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11751290","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Jackson râlait. Plus pour la forme qu'autre chose. En fait, si on creusait bien en profondeur, Jackson était euphorique. Stilinski l'avait invité, comme toute la meute, pour décorer son sapin et même si en apparence, le jeune co-capitaine de crosse semblait s'ennuyer, il était heureux. L'arbre était énorme, bien plus grand que les petits sapins artificiels qu'achetait sa mère et que Nara, leur bonne, décorait chaque année. Jackson ne l'avait dit à personne, mais il n'avait jamais décoré de sapin. Il n'en avait jamais eu l'occasion et avant ce jour, il voyait cette activité comme une perte de temps inutile. Mais là, avec chaque membre de sa meute, il se sentait complet. Le sapin en question ne payait pas vraiment de mine, chacun voulant y ajouter ses couleurs préférées, l'arbre était assez hétéroclyte. Comme la meute en fait. Avec des loups-garous, deux alphas, un ancien kanima, un humain, une chasseuse de loup-garous et une banshee, on ne peut pas dire que leur mot d'ordre est la normalité. Mais les liens de la meute était fort et rien ne pourrait faire disaparaitre l'amour qui les liait. C'est ce que pensait Jackson même s'il ne laissait rien paraître. Stiles était son préféré, sa petite puce, comme il l'appelait secrètement. C'est grâce à lui que les autres ne l'avait pas tué quand il était un affreux kanima, et c'est grâce à lui que le jeune bêta s'était senti comme un menbre à part entière de la meute. Stiles lui parlait, s'adressant directement à lui, ce que faisait rarement les autres. Il le défendait face aux autres, lui faisait du café et il l'avait même acceuilli, une nuit, dans son lit quand il avait fait un cauchemar. Bref, il portait une affection sans bornes à Stiles. Qui le lui rendait bien. ","Summary":" Jackson râlait. Plus pour la forme qu'autre chose. En fait, si on creusait bien en profondeur, Jack"},{"Movie":"Teen Wolf","Title":"Sleep, sugar","Author":"IIvaII","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11952561","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sleep, sweetie, let your floods come rushing in and carry you over to a new morning... Stiles wakes up before Derek. An electronic watch reads 5.40 a.m., dawn is trying to get through the closed draperies, while a refreshing morning air has already got through and now is trailing on the floor. Stiles turns over, squinting sleepy, and smiles a little bitterish: Derek frowns even in his dream. A crease between his eyebrows remains the usual stitch – a scar on Stiles himself. Derek looks like he is ready to jump on at a slightest sound, and he doesn`t just look this way: he indeed has been rising up every half an hour during the night, every time tighter squeezing a slim pale hand. Stiles cannot blame him, but himself – easily. But Derek is not the mighty God; he wears out, gets exhausted. Therefore he always misses a moment, when Stiles gets up, awkwardly scratching his back, takes a glass of water from the night table and goes downstairs. Light slaps of the bare feet on the stairs are more like muffled gunshots. Cold tea – minimum sound; Stiles gets on a sofa with the tea cup, rests his elbow on the back of the sofa and stares into huge, divided by a frame windows. The sun lights the abandoned district, glints in window glasses and reflects in side mirrors of motorcycles. Stiles bites a trembling ceramic edge and tries to calm his fingers. He cannot feel them. Two hours on a tablet PC, which he has foreseeingly placed on charge near the sofa. Facebook is filled with posts and videos about a dog pound, a dozen of messages remain unread (Scott suggests arranging a movie-marathon in the loft, Lydia states, that she will bring some new stuff and an apple pie, Malia sends a message, that she will come with Peter). Two hours on a game - he makes it to cool levels in Cut the Rope, on sorting the mail – to send the right notes to the editor and tease Lahey about his column \"The Sight from Paris\". Two hours until Derek runs downstairs, skipping stairs, and freezes, all disheveled and tousy, in the middle of the hall, groping Stiles with his eyes. - You did it again? – he moves a hand back and clenches his fist, hiding anger on himself behind resentment. – Sorry. I didn`t hear. - Hey, wolfy, - Stiles squints archly, putting the tablet aside, - that`s the point of the game. And I always win, as you know. Come here. Derek kisses dry lips, briefly, but thirsty, imperiously, affirming his property rights: to be honest, Stiles hardly holds not to laugh and scratches the wolf`s ears. - I want an omelet, - he nods, pressing his lips against the stubble edge; Derek shakes his head a little and gets up with some reluctance on his face. - Juice first, - unappealable answer from the kitchen; soft lounge pants lower a little more, and in his mind Stiles licks the strip of light skin, bat then suddenly wrinkles. Damn juice, apple- celeriac, it makes his inside twist, and Stiles is ready to puke, about which he informs Derek every morning. Only Derek – the heartless bastard – doesn`t care. Derek shows a million of articles about the benefits of this juice, and Stiles wakes off and drinks. Not for himself, for Derek. And then they finally eat the burned omelet, get dressed and go their usual route with a compulsory stop at sheriff's in the end. John makes the best chocolate pancakes in the town, moreover, absolutely free. Stiles wakes up before Derek. He lays for a long time, watching the wolf sleeping, memorizing the look of his face, steady movements of his chest, little hair on his arms. Then he gets up, awkwardly take a glass of water from the night table and goes downstairs again, getting on the sofa. Stiles loves dawns. He tries to draw them; predictably fails. A pan trembles in his hands. Stiles presses it too hard, so that his nails become white, but he cannot feel them. After all it`s easier to tap sensor buttons on a screen, record phrases from a head – ever more so. Stiles sends finished articles to the editorial office at half six and smirks to himself, imaging the face of his boss, when he receives a notification. Derek gets up at seven. In answer to an archly glare he mumbles: - I`m just bored. - Yeah, sure, - Stiles moves, making room for Derek; the man gets behind his back, hugs him with his legs and presses closer. – Admit I, little fluffy wolf, you just cannot sleep without me. - Get off, dumbass, - breaths Derek in the back of the boy`s head, making him grin and sniff. - Soft wolfy, warm wolfy, little fluffy nubble… Derek bites the withers, and Stiles affectedly trembles from fright, then he simply trembles – from cold. Derek hugs him closer. It`s warn in his arms. Stiles contentedly purrs right until the moment, when Derek stand up to make that damn juice. Stiles wakes up before Derek. He slowly steps down the stairs, trying not to spill water from a glass: hands are shaking mercilessly. He falls on the sofa, rests his head on an elbow and stares through the divided window at the dark twilight sky. 3 in the morning. It`s far from a dawn. He tries to compose an article, but gets tired from holding the tablet ovehanging. He bites his lip, throws away the device and clearly curse up to the ceiling, into the learned by heart cracks. Then he closes his eyes with an arm – to feel the heat on his wrist. Derek puts his fingers aside, kisses him again and again, softly and repeatedly, every birthmark, every point. He slips his rough tongue by the nose line, smiling. Stiles`s lips stretch in smile as well, he expressly chortles, rubbing the wet track. - Ew, you slobbered me again, God. Lousy wolf. - What wolf? – he raises his eyebrows, tickling the prominent ribs, and Stiles narrows his eyes. - Okey, beloved. Loved. Damn it, I already said that! Stiles doesn`t throw up after the juice anymore: he is out of the material. Derek thins down the porridge for two of them and protests, when Stiles secretly adds a slice of lunch meat into his plate. Then they get dressed – they have to cut off the strings from the gumshoes, gummy legs are disgusting, - and go their usual route. Only that they don`t stop at the sheriff`s. Stiles is afraid to see his father. He gets too tired after all these endless procedures, his veins are a live dream of an addict. Doctor, let`s hit more morphine, I`ve always dreamed, just like those folks from the \"Hunger Games\", but they died in the end after all. Derek will lick clean new livid spots, ew, not slobber again. Stiles falls asleep too early, it`s not even midnight. He rests his head on a special warped pillow, squeezes Derek`s hand and whispers: - You`re fucking awesome, when you sleep. Only that you look like a murdered. Relax, okay? - It`s a game, remember? – Derek looks straight in the eyes, intertwist their fingers; there is too much pain in that crease between the eyebrows. – And tomorrow I`m gonna win. - Hell no, wolfy, - Stiles smiles weakly. – You are fucking awesome, wolf. The best. Come here. Derek moves closer and views Stiles, until the boy gets blurry in the exserted moisture. Derek is not the mighty God; he cannot take this plague from the thin pale body, and cannot help feeling the smell of inflammation and decay. And he cannot leave as well. - Sleep, - he weightlessly kisses in the forehead, strokes a bald temple: they take off his bandana at nights, its` bundle rubs. Derek lies down, trying to breath steady and to fall asleep to groans by the strangled with water lungs. He should make a double-juice. Should get up earlier. Surprise. Perhaps, he should order a pizza? He likes with pepperoni… Derek opens his eyes, sees the thin body beside him and smiles victoriously, hanging over the man. The watch reads 7 a.m. The first time, when Derek gats up earlier, Stiles doesn`t wake up. ","Summary":" Sleep, sweetie, let your floods come rushing in and carry you over to a new morning... Stiles wakes"},{"Movie":"Wanted","Title":"On Your Side","Author":"LucyLuMcarty-Cullen","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5147868","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I had just watched Wanted thenother day, and I absolutely love it! But anyway, I hated that Wesleyndidn't get a girl, I mean come on, he goes through all this crap,nfor what? It's crazy! So, I made my version of the story, becausenit just wouldn't leave me alone. Disclaimer: I do not own Wanted! When All This Shit Started I don't know how it is that mynlife has led me to this moment. I do, however, know when all thisnshit started. That one day, that one hour, that one man. I was 15nyears old when I was approached by The Fraternity. I had beennshuffling from one foster home to another for almost all of my life.nSo when I got the opportunity to have what I thought could be mynfamily, I took it, no questions asked. 4 years earlier…. Sam Anders was walking down thenstreet to the little pharmacy that was only about a block away fromnher house. Or, well , the house that belongs to her newest fosternparents. They were nice, a little boring, but nice. They didn'tndrink too much, or smoke, or beat her up. But they didn't seem tonreally want her either. Can you really blame them though , shenthought to herself as she entered the store, I'm a fuckin' 15nyear old orphan, people don't want that, they want babies, and Insure as hell, ain't no baby. They had this other daughter,nRachel, who was actually their child. After Rachel's birth, therenwere some complications and Peggy, Sam's foster mom, was told thatnshe couldn't have anymore children. They had been foster parentsnfor a really long time, but they never found a child that they heldnonto for that long. There could be many reasons. But it'snprobably that fucking whiney ass daughter of theirs, I swear one ofnthese days… Sam walked up to the counter wherenshe handed the physician her prescription. She had these crazy harshnanxiety attacks, so she had to have her prescription filled often. Inprobably spend more time here than my 'home' , she thought tonherself as she waited for the man to come back with her prescription. She turned to her right and caughtnher reflection in the mirror. Sam looked in the mirror often. Notnbecause she was an egotistical bitch or anything, but she alwaysnthought that if she looked long enough, by some miracle she might getnan idea of who she is. Did she look more like her mother, or hernfather? Which one of her parents had the large dark blue eyes? Whongave her her long curly light brown locks? Was her mother also short?nDid her father have dimples when he smiled like she did? Did her momngive her these boobs that get her a lot more attention than she caresnfor? Who is she? Where did she come from? Sam looked away from the mirror whennthe tears started to well in her eyes. As she turned to look in thenopposite direction, she almost bumped into a man that was standingnalarmingly close to her left side. She jumped back a little as shenfelt her heart speed up. Thump … Thump The man looked at her with anslightly weary eye. He was told to come here and take her back to thenmill. Her passing out on him, well, that would make it a little morendifficult than he cared it to be. He saw her take control of hernbreathing and her heartbeat, which was impressive. Sloan will benpleased. She looked at him again. He just stared right back. \"Ca…can I help…help you?\"nSam finally stuttered out. The man smiled and held out his hand. \"I'm Cross and your Sam.\" Shenlooked a little frightened when he said he knew who she was, butnbeing a person who was forever polite, stuck her hand out and shooknthe man's outstretched hand. \"How do you know who I am?\" Shenasked her voice stronger than last time, but still respectful, shenwas dealing with an adult, after all. \"I am in an organization thatncalls themselves The Fraternity. We are super assassins. And so arenyou.\" Sam's eyes widened when the man had said assassins, butnwhen he said that she was one, she knew it had to be a joke. She justnlaughed and grabbed the bag from the physician. She set money on thencounter and left the store still laughing. Cross followed her out of the store.nHe had seen many things happen when people are told they have thisn'gift', but he had never seen one just laugh it off. He fell innstep beside her, waiting for her giggle fit to cease. \"Are you done yet?\" He asked, inna slightly agitated tone. She took a breathe and stopped laughing.nSam tried to look serious, but she just couldn't wipe the smile offnher face. \"I'm sorry, I didn't mean tonoffend you, but, come on. Super assassins? Even if I did believe thatnthere is such a thing, me being one? Not likely.\" Sam started tonwalk away, but a hand came out and grabbed her arm. She immediatelynfelt the effects of an anxiety attack coming on. Thump Thump Thump, thump, thump, thump Cross looked at her and realized henhad scared her when he had took hold of her arm, but it was necessarynif she was to understand. \"Do you se what is happening tonyou, right this moment? You aren't having a panic attack, you arengetting an excess of adrenaline pumping through your veins, yournheart is beating impossibly fast, you can hear better, see farthernaway. Don't tell me that you believe that is just a normal panicnattack.\" She was looking at him with wide eyes. Sam took three deepnbreathes and fought the urge to reach for her medicine. That would benweak. She wasn't weak. In Out Thump Thump In Out Thump Thump… Sam looked up at Cross and justnstared. How could this be true? Is it even possible? She was justnregular Sam Anders, nothing special, nothing important. \"How do I know you are telling menthe truth?\" She asked slowly, still trying to calm her fast beatingnheart. \"I can show you. But you have tontrust me. Can you do that?\" He asked, letting go of her arm, whichncalmed her exponentially. She looked in his eyes for a long momentnand then nodded. \"Alright, come with me.\" Henguided her to a car he had stolen earlier. He walked her over to thenpassenger side and opened the door for her, she nodded her head innthanks and climbed into the car. The car ride over was extremelynquiet. Sam hadn't talked since he had said he could prove it. Henhad called her bluff, and now she was on her way to, well, actuallynshe had no idea where the fuck they were going, she just knew thatnfrom the instant she stepped out of this car, her life would never,never, be the same. I hope you all likenit so far! Please let me know! REVIEW!!!! -Sam[Chapter 2] Thanks to all who reviewed for the last chapter, it is greatly appreciated. Here is chapter two. There is no Wesley in this chapter, but there will be in the next, so bear with me. -THANKS Disclaimer: I do not own WANTED! Sam followed Cross into the building. She wasn't necessarily scared at that point, but she was infinitely curious. Who else was in the Fraternity, would she be the only girl, what will they have her do, could she really kill someone? These questions totally left her mind though, when they walked up a flight of stairs and where met by five, dangerous looking people. Her heart instantly started beating faster and faster, the blood in her body was rushing to her face. Everything was going out of focus and started to thump. THUMP THUMP \"Hey, kid, pull it together.\" Cross said as he shook her shoulder. \"Yes, Sam, you don't have any reason to be afraid, we aren't going to hurt you. We want to help you. Help you help us, that is. Welcome, my name is Sloan, and this is the Fraternity.\" Sloan said in a voice that instantly made Sam realize that he was in charge. The other people in the room were looking her up and down, as if sizing her up. Sam noticed that there was only one other girl there besides herself. The others consisted of one blonde guy, who kept playing with a bandage that was on his hand, he was smirking as if he thought something was amusing. Sam couldn't think how anyone could find this situation amusing, but hey, to each, his own, right? The next guy was a very large man with curly dark hair and a bloody apron, if that doesn't scream lethal killer, what does? Then the last guy scared her the most, he was playing with a gun that was lying on the table, twirling it in circles, he looked so comfortable with it, as if it were just a toy or something. Her eyes went back to the girl, or woman is a better word. She was beautiful and tall, Gosh , Sam thought, I'd give anything to be that tall, that woman could be a fuckin' Supermodel for cryin' out loud. There was something about her though, a coldness in her eyes that made her fit in the group, a coldness that Sam hoped to never gain. \"These people around you can tell you everything you need to know about being a super assassin. That's The Repairman.\" The bandage guy. \"That is The Butcher.\" Bloody apron guy. \"And then there's The Gunsmith and Fox.\" He pointed to the gun guy and the woman. \"You've already met Cross, of course. Look around Sam; this could be your family.\" Family? Sam had never really had a family. Could this crazy group of super assassins really become her family? Is this really the only place that she could ever belong? Is finally having a family worth it all? She would just have to take that chance. \"What-what do I have to do?\" She pathetically stuttered out. Sloan smiled in approval and brought a gun to her and placed it in her hands. The weight of it surprised her, but she kept her grip firm. \"Right now? Right now, all you have to do is shoot that thimble off the table.\" Sam turned to try and find the thimble he was talking about. When she finally set her eyes on it, she almost laughed, it was on the other side of the room! It wasn't possible, was it? She squinted her eyes and tried to take aim with the gun in her hands, but she couldn't hold steady. She sighed and brought the gun to her side. \"I-I can't do it. It's too small and too far away, my hands won't keep steady.\" Sam said, looking down in shame. The first task they gave her and she failed. She faintly heard a gun cock, before she felt it on her back. Her breathing instantly sped up and her heart felt like it would burst out of her chest. \"You shoot it, kid. Or I'll shoot you.\" Cross said from behind her. She couldn't believe it. She should never have gotten in that car. \"Come on, kid. Don't make me shoot you.\" He said, trying to coax her into trying again. Sam lifted the gun again and took aim. The room was thumping again and she felt like her head would explode. Then, suddenly the thimble stopped looking blurry and became clear and not only that but it looked like it wasn't on the other side of the room, but right in front of her face. She lined the gun up directly with the thimble, closed her eyes and made the shot. Her heart was now beating so fast she couldn't hear anything else. She kept her eyes closed as she began hyperventilating. The loss of air and the beat of her heart became too much and before she could even open her eyes, she passed out. When Sam woke up, she was in the car that Cross had been driving earlier. She looked out the window and noticed that they were back at her house, or rather her foster parents' house. \"Was I that bad? Is that why I can't stay?\" She asked sitting up and turning towards Cross. He laughed a little and held out his hand. In it was a piece of bended medal, she couldn't tell what it was, but she didn't have a clue what it had to do with her being right back where she started. \"What's that?\" she asked. \"This? This is what's left of that thimble.\" He said handing it to her. \"What?! You mean I actually hit it? How is that even possible?\" \"You'll find out if you join The Fraternity that there aren't going to be many things out there that are impossible.\" He said to her. \"If? If I join? Why wouldn't I?\" she asked a bit confused. \"Well, since you passed out, some of the guys thought that maybe you couldn't cut it. So they had m bring you back here, so you could go home, if you wanted to, that is.\" \"Look, I have been in foster home after foster home. That Sloan guy said that y'all could be my family. Well, after fifteen years of not having one, that sounds kind of nice. I'll do anything you guys ask, and hopefully I won't faint again, cause that was kind of embarrassing. I can do this. I know I can.\" \"Okay than, now what are we going to do about this foster home of yours?\" Sam thought about it for a minute and then smiled. \"You got a pen and a piece of paper?\" He nodded and reached in the glove box. She took the pen and wrote something on the pad of paper. When she was done she got out of the car and ran to the door. They still had the hook they used for the Christmas wreathe on their door, so she just stuck the piece of paper on it and ran back to the car. When she was in and buckled up, Cross turned to her. \"You know this isn't going to be easy right?\" He asked seriously. She didn't say anything, just nodded. \"Good.\" And with that they sped off to Sam's new home, her family. The next morning Sam's foster family woke up and went through their normal routine. Peggy made breakfast for everyone; Rachel took a shower and brushed her hair, everything was going quite normally. But when Peggy's husband, Stu, went out to get the morning paper, he noticed something a little peculiar on their front door. It was a note. ' Fuck You. -Love Sam P.S. - Rachel, you're a bitch.' Okay! So that's chapter number two! Yay! Be sure to let me know what you think! Till next time – Sam.[Chapter 3] Okay, so this chapter is set during the time right when Cross leaves The Fraternity. I didn't know the exact time frame, so I guesstimated a bit. Thanks to all who read and reviewed! Disclaimer: I don't own Wanted… 2 Months Ago… Being in The Fraternity for the last four years has taught me many things. Rule number Two: Never, and I mean NEVER piss Fox off. Rule number Three: Don't eat right before a job. Rule number Four: Wax baths are your best friends. Rule number Five: Being a sulky teenager will get you nowhere but to a session with The Repairman. I never thought that my life would go this way. I didn't think it was possible that I would have such an effect on how the world works, that I would be working with fate to make the world better. But four years ago when Cross told me that impossible meant nothing to me anymore, he was right. Cross was my best friend, I guess you could say. He helped me train, taught me everything that I know. I tried to stay away from The Butcher and The Repairman, still, after all this time; they kind of freak me out. The Gunsmith is alright, but is super mellow, and being as I'm a hyper teenager, he doesn't always like me too much. Mr. X is a businessman through and through. He does everything as if doing a deal of some sort. Sloan says I'm like a daughter to him, this is probably why Fox and I just don't get along; I get the attention from Sloan that she has always wanted. All in all, though, things worked out okay, I got my family. No matter how twisted it might be. I thought I knew everything that I needed to know about The Fraternity, little did I know, I was about to learn the most important rule that they have. Sam walked to her room after a night in the recovery room. When she opened the door, she was surprised to see Cross standing by her table. He was holding the gun that he had given her. \"You remember the day I gave you this?\" He asked her so quietly, she almost didn't hear him. She laughed a little and walked over to join him. \"Of course I do, how could I forget? You gave it to me the day I curved my first bullet.\" She said as she looked fondly on the gun. She never misses when she uses it, never. \"Do you remember what I told you?\" He asked. \"You said that in life there aren't many things to be proud of, but to be loyal to the ones we love, that's something to always take pride in. Why the trip down memory lane?\" Sam asked confused that he would talk about that now. \"The coming weeks will be hard for you Sam, and for that, I am most regretful.\" \"What are you talking about?\" \"I know something, something I shouldn't, so I have to leave. And soon.\" \"Wait, you mean leave The Fraternity? Why, what do you know?\" Sam asked in earnest. \"I can't tell you but, you have to promise me something. From this point on, don't take on anymore targets, whatever you do. Don't kill anyone that Sloan tells you to.\" \"Cross, you're talking crazy, it's my job, I have to.\" \"No, you can't. The Fraternity isn't the same anymore, I will fix this, and then I'll come back. You will be safe.\" Sam could tell that he was resigned in his decision. She didn't know exactly what he was talking about, but in all the time that she had known him, he had never given her a reason to doubt him, so she wasn't going to start now. \"Alright, I won't. I promise. When are you leaving?\" She asked. \"Now. I just wanted to tell you goodbye. I think I owed you that. They are going to say some things about me, some awful things after I am gone. I will understand if you believe them, but know that there are only two people in the world I would give my life up for, and you are one of them.\" He said to her as he walked to the door. Sam was shocked, he couldn't leave her. He was her best friend. She ran to him before he opened the door and pulled him into a hug. \"I'll miss you Tiny.\" He said, using the nickname they had given her. She laughed at the name as she was trying to keep the tears at bay. They let go of each other and he walked out the door. \"Bye.\" She whispered. Only minutes later did she hear a commotion down the hall. Fox came into her room and asked if Cross had been there. \"Yes, he said goodbye.\" Sam said solemnly, failing to keep her emotions in check. \"Don't cry over traitors Tiny. Now, come downstairs, Sloan wants to speak with all of us.\" Fox said as she left the doorway. Sam got up and followed her. They all convened in the library. Sam, Fox, Repairman, Butcher, Gunsmith, Exterminator, Mr. X, and Sloan. Some looked solemn, some upset, some betrayed, and some, just pissed. \"One of our members has gone rouge.\" Sloan said. \"He has betrayed us all, and will try to kill us if we don't get to him first. I know this is hard for some of you.\" He said as he looked at Sam. \"But it is what has to be done.\" \"Why would he do this?\" Foxed asked, looking more annoyed than anything else. \"Because, some people can't handle the power.\" Mr. X said, shaking his head. He never thought much of Cross. Sam wasn't surprised that he thought this way. But she knew better, if anyone could handle power, it would be Cross. \"So, how do we kill him?\" The Gunsmith asked, never one to beat around the bush. \"I have the right man for the job. It's time we show Cross what happens when you betray The Fraternity.\" Sloan said as he stood up. \"Now everyone, get back to work. Sam, you stay for a moment.\" Everyone left but Sam; she went and sat down at one of the tables. \"How did this happen?\" She asked, not to anyone in particular. \"Fate has a funny way of doing things. I know what Cross said to you.\" Sam looked up at him. \"I understand that the two of you were close. So, I will also understand if you take a break, of sorts. I won't make you take any targets if you don't want to. But keep in mind that my generosity is not infinite in its supply. You will have to work again, sooner or later.\" He said to her, taking a seat across the table. \"Do you understand?\" \"Yes, sir, I do.\" Sam said. She excused herself from the conversation and went back to her room. An hour ago, it was a normal day, and now, everything she thought she knew was looking less clear. Two weeks later, Mr. X was killed on the roof of the Metropolitan building. Sloan called Sam into his office not an hour after it had happened. \"You understand what this means, don't you?\" He asked her as she took a seat. \"You mean, do I understand that Cross is killing us off, and that now you have to have someone go and try to kill him? Yeah, I get that. But it doesn't mean that I like it.\" She said defiantly. \"You don't have to.\" \"Who is it? Who's going to kill him?\" \"Wesley Gibson.\" \"Who's that?\" \"That is Mr. X's son.\" Sam was shocked; she didn't think that anyone in The Fraternity had children. \"So, he's going to avenge his father? Is that it?\" \"Yes, and you are going to help him.\" \"What?! You can't be serious!\" Sam shouted. There was no way that she was going to be a part of this. \"Yes, I am. Sam, you don't take on any targets, you barely train anymore. You have to do something. So, if you want to keep going the way that you are going, then you will help Fox train this boy.\" \" I can't tell you but, you have to promise me something. From this point on, don't take on anymore targets, whatever you do. Don't kill anyone that Sloan tells you to.\" \" Alright, I won't. I promise.\" \" Know that there are only two people in the world I would give my life up for, and you are one of them.\" He would want me to keep my promise, even if it meant his life. Sam thought to herself. \"Fine, I will help him.\" She said as she got up out of her chair and walked out of the office. Rule number One: You don't leave The Fraternity. So, what I wanted you all to understand is that Sam doesn't know that Wesley is Cross's son. It is important to the story so yeah, I hope y'all got that. Okay so another day, another chapter. Lol. I really liked this one, I hope you guys did too! Please Review. Thank you! Next one's got Wesley! YAY![Chapter 4] HERE WE GO…CHAPTER NUMBER FOUR. Disclaimer: I don't own Wanted. The next day Fox left the factory to go pick up Wesley. Sam spent the entire time she was gone sulking. She didn't understand how it all could have changed so quickly. Her family was rapidly falling apart, and she was now being forced to help a guy she didn't even know kill her best friend. Yeah, for Sam, life kinda sucked right now. Sloan walked into the library where Sam was reading and cleared his throat to notify her of his presence. Of course, she already knew he was coming, she had heard his four-hundred dollar shoes clicking all the way down the hallway, but hey, it was just common courtesy. She set her book down and looked up at him, letting him know he had her full attention. \"Fox will be back with the boy soon. I want you to be down there when they arrive.\" Sloan said to her. \"Alright. Can I ask you a question though, just so I know…\" She said trailing off. \"Of course, you can ask me anything, whether you get the answer you desire or not though, is no fault of mine.\" He said taking a seat across from her. \"Why do I have to help? I mean, I understand that I have to do SOMETHING, but really, what am I going to be able to teach him that Fox can't. I really just don't think she needs my help.\" He sighed and looked at his hands. She could tell that he knew something that she didn't but she also knew that confronting him on it might not be the best idea. \"Samantha, I have helped many assassins find their true potential and I have seen many fail. When I look at you, I see an amazing assassin, but there is so much more you could accomplish. So don't think of this as just helping the boy, but letting him help you, as well.\" Sloan said, with a grin that clearly showed he was hiding something. \"You're just trying to confuse me now, aren't you?\" Sam asked, annoyed, but also slightly amused with the situation. Sloan just shook his head and stood, signaling for her to do the same. She sighed and followed him out the door. When Fox and the boy did arrive, he was passed out, so she just sat him down at a table and waited for everyone to come and find her. The first to show up was Sloan, with Sam following obediently behind him. Like a little puppy dog. Fox thought vehemently to herself. \"Fox, good work, thank you for delivering the boy here. Now, why don't you go downstairs and wait.\" Fox nodded curtly and went downstairs like she was told. \"Sam, you sit down and wait for him to wake up. Maybe a young face might make him more comfortable.\" Without waiting for a response, he disappeared from the room. Sam looked at the boy curiously. He didn't look THAT young to her, maybe his mid-twenties, more of man really, that is, if he didn't look like a no-spine pussy. Everything about him screamed 'step on me, please, I am a doormat'. To Sam, he did NOT look like super assassin material, but in their line of work, looks are sometimes deceiving. She took a seat near him at the table, his clothes were rumpled and he looked utterly exhausted, must've had a rough night , Sam thought to herself. She also noticed that he was quite cute, his haircut was stupid and his clothes were very 'A.V. club' like, but the freckles on his nose were adorable and his features were soft. She shook her head to clear her thoughts. She silently debated just waking him up herself, but just couldn't bring herself to bring him from his slumber. Sam didn't have to wait to long though, because minutes later he began to stir. She prepared herself for the onslaught of questions that were sure to come, but they never did. What did come though was a look of annoyance on his face and a hand fell out from under his head to swat at some flies in a nearby trashcan. He finally lifted his head off the table and took in his surroundings. He looked surprised and definitely scared. He turned his head and found Sam standing there looking sheepish, kind of like, 'please don't be mad at me, I didn't bring you here, this is SO not my fault.' He stumbled back, falling out of his chair and onto the floor. Sam held back her laughter the best she could and walked over to offer her help. \"Here,\" she said, offering her hand, \"I didn't mean to scare you.\" Instead of taking her hand he jumped up off the floor and backed away from her, turning to try to get away. But when he turned around, The Repairman was sitting on the steps, blocking his path. This happened many times before he realized that he wasn't getting away. \"Hello.\" Fox greeted him at the stairs. Huh, she always did know how to make an entrance, Sam thought. \"I...I…I don't have any money…\" Wesley stuttered out. \"I thought he'd be…taller.\" Sloan said as he made his appearance. \"Taller? Sir, I've been trying to explain to the lady her that I'm an accountant.\" Explains the clothes. \"I am an account service representative; uh…I'm an account manager.\" Damn, this little bastard is scared shitless; just wait till he gets the gun. \"And, and I'm sure if you called my boss, Janice, she'd fill you in on whatever is going on, you can contact her by email or…she'd put you straight…\" \"Shoot the wings off the flies.\" Sloan said as he held the gun out for Wesley to take. Wow I got a thimble; he gets wings off flies, good luck kid. Sam joked silently. \"I don't know what that means.\" Wesley answered dumbly. \"Shoot the wings off the flies.\" Sloan said slower this time as if it would make Wesley comprehend. Sloan shook his head at The Gunsmith as he stepped forward with his gun. The Gunsmith stepped back and Sloan nodded to Sam. Her eyes widened and her mouth fell open. Sloan nodded once again and Sam pulled the gun that Cross had given her out of the back of her pants, where she now kept it all times. All this happened within seconds and Wesley was none the wiser of the silent conversation that had taken place. \"I really think you have me mixed up with somebody else.\" His sentence was cut off when he felt the gun against his head, Sam was behind him, her hands slightly shaking, for it had been a long time since she had aimed a gun at anybody. \"Shoot the wings off the flies, or Sam here will put a bullet in your head.\" Sloan said once again offering the gun to the boy, he took it this time, hands shaking a hundred times worse than Sam's. Once he held the gun in his hands though, he hesitated. Sam cleared her throat. \"Come on kid, I don't want to shoot you.\" She said to him, flashing back to a night similar to this one, only these words hadn't come from her then. \"Don't make me shoot you.\" She said slowly, feeling the rush that one always gets when they have the upper hand like this. \"One…\" Wesley took the gun and aimed it at the basket. \"Two…\" \"I can't even see them!\" \"Three…\" Wesley closed his eyes and shot the gun fours times. Sam immediately lowered her gun and let out a breath she didn't know she had been holding. Wesley shot the gun again, and then walked over to the other side of the room, his breathing was fast and his face was red. Sam was willing to bet anything that his heart was going a mile a minute; everyone knew what was happening to him, but him. He pulled out his pills, which were no doubt for his 'anxiety attacks'. Sloan picked up the flies out of the trashcan and walked over to Wesley. He held out his hand in front of Wesley's face, so he could see. All of the flies were without their wings. Sam couldn't help but to be surprised, he was good. And he hadn't even been trained yet. Sloan laid the flies in Wesley's hand and took the pills from the boy. \"That's impossible.\" Wesley said, clearly in shock. \"A lot of things were impossible for you before today.\" Sloan threw the pills away and explained to Wesley what he was able to do and why. The whole time, Sam was unable to take her eyes off of the boy. He looked so innocent, so untouched. He didn't belong here. This place would kill him, she just knew it. Wesley suddenly jumped up and aimed his gun at Sloan. \"You stay away from me. Stay back from me, I…I have a gun, sir. Alright?\" Wesley said. \"My name is Sloan. This is Fox, and that girl over there is Sam. Now everyone in this room is very good at killing.\" Wesley moved his aim from Sloan to Fox, who didn't even blink an eye, and then to Sam, whose hand instinctively tightened on her gun. \"So if I were you I would keep the gun pointed at me. You don't want to point it at any of them.\" Sloan said, and Wesley returned his aim to Sloan. \"That's better.\" \"You're insane.\" Wesley spurted out. Sam couldn't help the laugh that escaped her lips. Sloan turned and gave her a stern look. \"Sorry.\" She said. Wesley looked at her again and studied her. She didn't look old enough to be here, she must still be a teenager , he thought, how did she get mixed up in all this? He returned his attention once again to Sloan. \"Wesley, you see this gun you're holding? It belonged to your father. And you are going to use it to shoot the man that killed your father in cold blood.\" Sam sucked in a breath. \"It is your long awaited destiny to join us.\" Sloan ended. Wesley took a couple of deep breathes and then pushed his gun forward. \"Back off. Back off. You don't know anything about me.\" He moved forward past Sloan until he bumped into Sam. He hesitated, debating whether he should take her with him and save her from this place, but maybe she doesn't need saving…He decided against it of course. \"Excuse me.\" He said to her pathetically. She moved out of his way, letting him pass. He walked up to Fox, who was standing at the stairs. \"Stay away from me. Stay away from me. Will you stay away from me? Just stay away from me please, and let me through.\" He got past her and ran down the stairs. Fox was very amused. She was laughing, and as Sam walked over to the railing next to the older women, she couldn't help but to laugh as well, after all, it WAS really funny. Sloan came up to stand next to Sam as they watched Wesley run away. \"What now?\" Sam asked him. \"Well, tomorrow I want you to follow him; he won't be able to stay away now that he knows.\" \"Her? Sloan, I thought I was going to be the one to train him.\" Fox said, no longer laughing. \"Yeah, he already knows Fox; maybe it would be better…\" Sam trailed off. \"Fox, you will be training the boy, that hasn't changed. But Sam, tomorrow, I expect to see that boy back here, alright?\" \"Yes alright.\" She said and walked away. On the way to her room, she heard someone come up behind her, she knew it was Fox, so she stopped and turned around. \"Look, little girl. Training this guy is MY thing, understood?\" Fox asked, towering over the younger girl. \"Sure whatever you say.\" Sam said dismissively. She went to walk away, but Fox wouldn't have it. She pulled Sam around to face her once more. \"I don't know why you think you can just walk around here like you own the place. You don't do anything anymore, you don't do your job, you just sit around and mope all day because your little friend is gone, well just get it through your head Tiny, he betrayed us. And now I'm going to train Wesley to kill him. So don't get in my way.\" She pushed Sam roughly against the wall and then walked away. Sam's fists were clenched next to her side. This is going to be fun… She thought bitterly. Hope you liked it! Next chapter, Sam and Wesley have their first Real Conversation! Yay! REVIEW PLEASE!!!![Chapter 5] So so so so so so so SO sorry. Read the chapter, yell at me later. REVIEW!!! Disclaimer: I do not own anything, except Sam. I was on my bike the next day, wondering how in the world I had gotten myself into this situation. What I came up with? This is all Cross's fault. Had he not just left me like that, without explaining anything, including his cryptic message that I shouldn't take any more hits, I wouldn't be in this situation. I would definitely NOT be sitting outside of Wesley's workplace, on my perfect yellow motorcycle, with my arms folded and a scowl upon my face if it wasn't for that asshole that left me all alone. And that's what I was, wasn't it? All alone? I had always told myself that everyone in the Fraternity was my family, but had I truly thought about it, I would find that that was false. Cross, he was my best friend, he was all I had…and I was going to lose him. God, Sam, suck it the fuck up. You are a super assassin, who was chosen by Sloan to help this boy. You are better than this self pity. So back off crazy PMS induced emotions, the pity party is officially canceled. I huffed at the building, willing Wesley to walk out that door. I had been there for over an hour waiting on him. When was his break? What if he doesn't leave the office for his break? What if I'm stuck here until the work day is over? Oh, I hate my life sometimes. I looked to my left, and as if the little bastard had heard me, Wesley stumbled quickly out the door. He looked relieved about something…elated even. Maybe he got laid. He walked up to the newsstand, and I pulled up behind them. He looked stressed out about what was in the newspaper, but I didn't allow myself to dwell. I just stared, waiting for him to sense my presence. He looked up, straight at me, and then turned. Goodness gracious, this boy is dense. He then did a double take, as if clearly seeing me, oh light bulb! I just smirked at him and tossed him an extra helmet. \"Get on.\" I said, still maintaining my smirk. \"You're Sam right? Aren't you a little young to be an assassin?\" he asked as he made his way onto my bike. \"Yeah, I get that a lot.\" I said situating myself on the bike, giving him more room. \"Really, you do?\" he asked in a rushed way as he put on his helmet. \"No, not really.\" I said with a smile as I put on my own helmet and sped off from the building. I heard his yelp of surprise, and felt his arms wrap securely around my waist. I couldn't help the chuckle that escaped my lips as I turned slightly towards him. \"Oh, yeah, hold on tight.\" I said looking back at the road as I maneuvered the bike through traffic. Despite his rapid heartbeat, indicating his fear, he let out a chuckle of his own. His arms never loosened during the trip to the factory. I didn't let my mind wonder to the fact that his arms, while they were far from muscular, were firm and comforting. And I also didn't let myself think about how his voice sounded when he was out of breathe and how it made me smile, thinking about other things that would make him feel out of breathe. Oh no, I definitely did NOT think about that. I let out a sigh of relief when I pulled into the factory. I parked the bike, and he released me. We both removed our helmets and began to move towards the factory, I stopped and turned. He hadn't been expecting me to turn so quickly so he bumped into me, causing me to fall back. His arms flew forward and caught me before I fell, and pulled me forward. We were face to face. I could see all the different blues and greens that made up his eyes. I could see the beads of sweat that were clinging to the top of his head and in his hair. I could see his lips open and close quickly, as if trying to say something, but having no idea what to say. He pulled back slightly and let his arms fall from mine. He ran his hand through his hair and I could swear I saw a slight smirk on his face. I scoffed and crossed my arms. \"Are you smirking at me?\" I asked. He looked at me and his smirk only grew. \"I don't mean to offend, it's just that you would think, since you're like this amazing super assassin, that you wouldn't be so clumsy.\" he said, locking eyes with me. I was so annoyed with this guy, I mean this was kind of the first real conversation we've had, and here he was, what exactly was he doing? He wasn't being outright rude. No, he was picking fun at me. Oh! The nerve! In some weird way, that made me extremely angry, he made sense; maybe I was losing my touch. Or maybe he just threw me off my game…no, there's no way a guy I just met can have that kind of an effect on me, right? And besides, I hated this guy, didn't I? \"Look, I just wanted to clear some things up before we go inside. I am not your friend. I will not become your friend. Sloan? You remember him? He is making me help you. I am not doing this to be nice. Okay?\" I said in a hurry. Sounding a lot ruder than I had originally planned, but he pissed me off, so yeah… \"Alright…I'm not exactly sure how to respond to that.\" He said, only seeming just a little disappointed. \"You don't have to. I just wanted to make sure you understood. Now, Sloan is waiting for you, follow the Gunsmith. Bye.\" I said, already turning to walk away. \"Hey! Wait, just so I know, why exactly do you dislike me so much?\" He asked. I looked at him for a minute. I could see the Gunsmith out of the corner of my eye, I knew he was wondering why we were still talking. I decided not to go into all the things about Wesley that pissed me off, and just shook my head. \"It's not important.\" I said and walked away. I would see him later, and he might ask again, but I would deal with it then. I wasn't going to worry about it anymore right now. I didn't want to think about Wesley anymore, not in any way, not at all. Hope you like it, sorry its short. Review please, its super appreciated. ","Summary":" I had just watched Wanted thenother day, and I absolutely love it! But anyway, I hated that Wesleyn"},{"Movie":"Teen Wolf","Title":"The Night I Fell In Love","Author":"sterekxteenwolf","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12755864","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Stiles POV There I was at the pack meeting with the sourwolf (Derek),Dereks psycho uncle Peter,My best mate Scott,Scott's ex girlfriend Allison and the banshee Lydia (She can tell when people are close to death and use her scream as a Weapon). I saw Derek sitting across from me, in his usual dark blue t shirt, dark jeans, black leather jacket. My heart started pounding...but I didn't know why... then all the werewolves looked up at me and Derek opened his mouth first saying \"Is there something wrong stiles?\" \"Erm..n-no\" I replied. I never realised how good he looked. He beautiful green eyes were looking at me. Oh.My.God. What is happening to me? I normally hate him! I stood up realising my feelings. \"I have to go take a minute out side\" I said shaking. I walked outside and took a breath and smelt the fresh air and looked around. I let out a big sigh. \"Hey Stiles\" A voice said. I turned around and it was Derek... \"Hey\" I replied. \"Are you okay?\" \"Yeah I guess\" \"Stiles I know your lying. What's wrong\" \"Nothing\" \"Stiles come on\" \"Ughh it's just that we've hated each other for so long and today I just felt like in love with you\" \"Wait what?\" \"Nothing it doesn't matter\" I walked up to my jeep and got in it and started to drive away...crying...f[Chapter 2] When I got home I walked up to my bedroom and sat on my bed sulking. I felt really tired so I got ready for bed as I started to settle. I heard taps on my window which made me jump so much. I slowly got out of my bed to see a crying Derek tapping on my window.. I opened my window and let him in...And he just looked at me.. \"Stiles...\" Derek finally spoke breaking the awkward silence. \"Erm..yeah..?\" \"So what you told me...is it true?\" \"Yes, you sourwolf, I'm not gonna lie about it\" \"Oh okay\" I looked down at my feet feeling awkward as hell...Before I could look up Derek came closer to me \"Derek\" I whispered \"Sh sh stiles..\" Derek whispered back And then it happened he kissed me...DEREK HALE KISSED ME!!! \"Wow\" I said breathless Just then Derek pulled me in the bed as we shared a long and passionate kiss. I woke up in the morning not really remembering what happened after. I felt huge arms around my waist...breathing on my neak...then I realised Derek was in my room. In my bed!... But then my dad knocked... \"Stiles get up if you don't come out in 10 minuets I'm coming in\" My dad called \"Shitt\" I mumbled Derek quickly and quickly got out of my bed and took his shirt which he seemed to not wear and then sprinted out the window. I hurried to the bathroom to do my normal routine. After I was done I went downstairs got some coco pops for breakfast. My eyes looked up at the clock and I knew I was going to be late so I grabbed everything and shouted bye to my dad. I got in my jeep ready for the day to come. ","Summary":" Stiles POV There I was at the pack meeting with the sourwolf (Derek),Dereks psycho uncle Peter,My b"},{"Movie":"Hook","Title":"The Crane vs The Hook","Author":"Queen Awinita","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6207998","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Crane vs The Hook Chapter 1 Grandpa Peters Grandaughter June 22nd 2059 London England From the journal of Joshua Barrie It is snowing again, while I write this; But it has to be written, word for word, else Master Peter will hurt my family in some manner. I chose to write this, not just because of threats against me or my family, but because I want to write it. This my son, is for you to share with the world. When my tale is told, you can publish it as needed. \" Are you listening ? \" I asked my son, at his nod I continued \" Good. Then let us begin... December 22nd 2045 London England, Kensington Gardens It has always been told about the tale of the boy that could fly and never grow up. Then, he did. Peter Pan, grew up, and had two children. Jack and his sister Maggie. Then Hook came, when Jack was only ten years old and Maggie seven. Peter went to rescue them, and and while there, he found who he truly was, the boy he had hidden away because of the business man he had become away from Neverland. He had found his happy thought, his family was his happy thought. But now, Peter Banning was very old, yet still hale. He had several grandchildren. But only one of them, a white haired girl everyone called Crane, mostly because of her favorite bird, and from afar she looked like one herself, was Peters personal favorite, she was his only daughter Maggie's only daughter of three children. What made Crane so special was a very unuseual birthmark on her left arm, a odd cut, similar to Peters own wound from Hook fifty years before. It confused the doctors at her birth. Yet. She seemed perfectly fine aside from the strange wound mark. Which the doctors called the infant girls birthmark. As she grew older, the mark occasionally bled at times for no reason whatsoever once a year around Christmas. Over the last 50 years since his return from facing Hook, this was the eighteenth year since Cranes birth, Peter Banning, known only to his family as the legendary Peter Pan, they kept it a family secret. Visited and spent as much time as possible with his children, his grandchildren, and soon in his sons family, his great-grandchildren! Already Jacks oldest son Mike and his wife Pauline were expecting twins. Not even in into their second year of mariage! But it was his daughters only daughter, Crane, that drew most of his attention at every family reunion trip to London. Every year about that time, the odd birthmark would bleed just a little to be more then a simple nusciance, but not spoil the fun to be had with the massive family, already thirty members strong and still growing. But since the last vacation that her parents and her brothers went on. Crane hadn't been sleeping well, so now Peter was worried for his granddaughter, who was now eightteen years old, and a woman any man would want. Yet Crane had a friend since childhood. A man from her own country as her father Max. The Eightteen year old Chinese beauty drew Peters eyes to the door when she and her parents entered the Kensington Gardens homestead on that snowy night a full week before Christmas. It was a good drive from the airport to the house at Kensington Gardens, on the way, the five members of the family rented a car, Max drove. Weaving the car through London traffic like a master cab driver. Snow fell in large wet flakes. It was dangerous driving for sure. Crane paid little heed as she was more focused on her wireless uplink to the Animus software, the Journies, downloadable content for mobile was on her mind at that moment, and it was a mobile version of the Animus system for wrist phones. Of which Crane had a pair. Max drove down a winding lane from the airport in the thick snow, asking periodically for directions, At one point Crane mentioned the snowfall was less the closer they got to Grandpa Peters place. She was right, as her father turned onto the lane that held their destination; the snow had all but stopped. During the flight, Crane had to fight with herself to keep from starting a fire on the plane, and even then it was hard to not play with any of the other Spirit Pearls she possessed. So instead she was using her wristphone as much as she was able including the mobile Animus technology that she also had. It was not until she was in the car her father rented did she start playing with the elements; to which her brother Connor spoke up saying simply \"Mom, Crane's nervous.\" Tattletale, Crane thought. It was true though, she was nervous, planes naturally made her nervous. \"Relax\" Maggie Han, the daughter of the Legendary Peter Pan, Crane's grandfathher, said from the front seat. \"Crane; cut back on the heat will you sweetie ? You're making your father drive faster then the speed limit\" Max drove along, he smirked at his wifes words, he said nothing however as he drove, scared half to death of what his daughter was able to do with her... gifts. Doctors were unable to explain it, some even said it was gifted to her not because of the work she did for Abstergo Entertainment, but because of her bloodline, Peter Banning, her grandfather, as he was publicly known, was a good man, and very influental when it came to money and how to deal with companies and government. In fact if it were not his father in law, Max would have never taken up the parenting of Crane, seemingly a blessing to him and his wife Maggie, when Peter and his family visited Shanghai for a weekend, the then fifteen year old Max and fourteen year old Maggie were both smitten. Peter advised them to get to know each other more before figuring if they wanted to spend the rest of their lives together. Amazingly, after five long years, Max popped the question, Maggie had said yes. Not a fullyear later they were married, and within a year after that, Crane was born. That same time some weird event occurred in centeral China. The legends spoke of a Demon Holding Tower of some form, hidden within the dense woods of China's countryside. Just moments before Crane's birth there was an amazingly wonderous sight in the skies over Shanghai, Five differnet items had appeared into a unique five star image that spun briefly before fading away. None knew what to make of it, or why it had appeared in the first place. But Max knew in his heart something important had happened, moments later, his first child, a girl, with brilliant white hair, was born. They named her Crane; as it was Max's favorite bird, and that Maggie wanted him to name their firstborn child. \"We're here\" he finally said as he pulled to a halt in a parking space out in front of 303 Kensington Gardens. Before unlocking the doors he turned in his seat \"Guys, remember, it is Crane's birthday today, that's not only why we're here. We spend every christmas with Maggies parents, so be on your best behaviours. Understand ?\" Max looked to each of his three kids. Crane was most attentive, trying to see through the oncoming snow at the house where her grandparents lived. Her two younger brothers, Connor and Edward, seemed bored with the whole thing. But the three nodded. Max unlocked the doors and they all stepped out of the car into the brisk freezing air. Crane took a deep breath, her arm throbbed slightly as she clinched her fist. She was ready. Eighteen years before was her birthday, her first birthday, the day and time she was first born and given her name. Now, she was here, at her grandparents home. It was time to face the music. Grandpa never knew of what Crane did for Abstergo Entertainment, nor did he know of her other gifts, she hid them well. But she felt ashamed for keeping secrets from her grandfather. Her father went to the door and knocked, the butler opened the door and bade for them to enter. As the family of five entered the house. Peter stood up from his chair in the livingroom, and went to his daughter Maggie. Taking her into a hug that spun her around the room briefly, a firm handshake to Cranes father, Then lastly a grandfather hug to herself. \"Hello Crane, how is the arm?\" Peter asked softly. Crane was thanful that he did not ask of her other gifts. Her parents never told, or had they ? \"Better then last year\" She replied, though partly true and mostly false, her arm had bled enough to send her to the hospital three days before the trip, thankfully it wasn't in a cast, it was not even a bandage at that moment either. Her brown eyes took in who was there, Uncle Jack was not yet there, his two younger sons Josh and Tim however had just arrived and still had their bags with them. Mike was running late as her cousin-in-law Pauline was with child, it was possible they'd not arrive until after Christmas and with their newborn kids. Grandma Moira, Grandpa Peters wife and mother of Uncle Jack and her mother, called from the kitchen, \"Dinner is almost ready!\" Grandmother Moira came from the kitchen, hugged her daughter tightly, it had been nearly fifty years since that fateful event with Hook. And only seven years since Grandma Wendy had passed away at the nice age of a hundred and twelve years. Most of the family went to the dining room,her mother and father taking with them some food they had bought on the way from the airport to help cook. But Crane took hold of her grandfathers arm, \"Grandpa, Can I ask you something?\" She knew his happy thought, she was pretty sure she was part of it as well since it was his family as a whole. But there was something nagging at her, something important. \"Sure, Crane\" Peter said, motioning to a seat on a nearby couch, once they had sat down, he said to her. \"What's on your mind ?\" \"I had a dream last night during the flight, unlike any dream I've ever had before.\" She expained her dream to her grandfather as best she could remember. It was not exactly a dream per sei, more like a memory relived. \"There were young boys, about my age and younger. one or two older, but all of them sweet and working together. Wanting to help each other. Defend each other, one of them even had a large garden clock in his his room where he slept inside a great large tree.\" She however kept the bit about her flying to herself, though Grandpa Peter figured Tink had a hand in it One thought entered Peters mind, he thought about the boys so much he knew he'd never ever forget them again. The Lost Boys, his granddaugter had a dream about them. Crane continued. \"But what was most confusing was, I could fly in that dream by use of fairy dust, none of my dreams where like it before, so real and alive. So vivd. So... beautiful\" Peter had no way to answer, he had a important party in honor of Grandma Wendy to go to that night, he was unable to fully focus now. It was through Wendy herself he found his happy thought. Without thinking it he asked Crane quietly. \"Did you see a man, old yet still hale like myself ? Calling himself Tootles ?\" \"You mean Uncle Tootles ?\" Crane knew of the story as her grandfather told it, her mother and uncle as well, Uncle Tootles had flown off, 'To Neverland' she was told as a young girl when she heard the story of how her parents had been to Neverland and prisoners of Captain Hook. Crane nodded, \"Yes, I saw him, he was tending to a garden, beautiful roses, tulips, and bright pink Westerlilies too!\" Peter could tell that his granddaughter liked Lilies, even moreso of Westerlilies. He could see the wistfulness in Cranes eyes at the mention of such wonderful flowers. Yet her father was allerige to them, which made her want them all the more. But Peter knew the truth, Cranes father Max, hated flowers of all kinds, faking that he was allergic to them to keep his family from buying them. Using fake flowers instead. \"Come lets eat, when dinner is done, I have a very important gift for you.\" Peter stood up, and held out his hand for Crane to take to be helped up. After all it was her birthday. The idea of a gift made her wonder what it was as Grandpa Peter went upstairs briefly and returned when she had finished eating. He carried a small-ish box. Crane was born on that day eighteen years ago, so every year she got a gift from her grandparents, her uncle, her cousins and her parents. But this gift would blow all those other gifts out of the water as her mother and uncle set the long thin box on the table in front of her. she opened the box and stared at what was inside of it. A beautiful white sheathed sword. A sword she had wanted two years before. But was too young to get it. Peter smiled standing next to his wife. He'd been told of the weapons need by his granddaughter two years before, and had seecretly bought it just after the family had left for home. He kept it hidden for two years since. Crane picked up the weapon gently from the box, her father moved the box to the floor. Crane felt the whight of the weapon, it was a real combat ready blade. Light as a feather, it felt as if it belonged to her. \"Its beautiful.\" She said. She nearly choked when she saw what her mother set on the table, the scent alone was so real, just like her dream. \"Westerlilies ?\" Now she was happy. \"Mother, they're beautiful! Thankyou.\" With that thought Crane turned her attention back to her new sword. She placed her hand on the hilt. It felt just right. With a firm grip Crane drew the weapon from its sheath. The bright silver blade was triple edged and had the appearance of a wedge, sharp on three sides. \"Look closely at the blade\" Uncle Jack said quietly. When Crane did so she stared at the beautiful etched design of a Crane on the water. It was truly beautiful. There was writing on the blade as well, writing Crane easily recognised as Chinese Traditional. She could read it clearly. It was her favorite poem. Peter found himself thinking of Tootles, Crane had seen him in her dream, now all he had to do was make a speech in honor of Wendy, seven years ago she had passed on. But with his mind on Tootles and the Boys, it was hard to focus for the moment But she never saw what had come to light of that honor dinner nearly fifty years before. The Hospital in honor of Wendy, the Wendy Darling Children's Hospital of London was celebrating its offical grand opening the next morning, and tonight was the offical honoring of Grandma Wendy, a private party for those she had helped make families for. He found himself wondering how the Lost Boys were doing. He gave his wife a firm shoulder squeeze before wandering off to the balcony upstairs that Tink had flown in like a bullet from Nowhere, {which was later known to Peter in solid bedrock memory as Neverland} He found himself wondering how everyone at Neverland was. He shook his head. He had a speech to get ready for, he turned and left the balcony room. Ever since the event with Hook the balcony had been expanded, now it was a beautiful door wall allowing Jack and Maggie to wander freely outside and in without worry. Peter himself spent so much time with his kids thereafter, it was a wonder he was able to keep his job. He had gotten promoted, but instead of staying in the office, he made time every day, every single day, to be with his family. He called them once a day over lunchtime even though he'd seen them at breakfast. It was insane. Grandma Wendy even commented on it, Asking him once 'Boy, why do you see your family so much? you worry for them?' Peter replied 'No, I want to know they're near, They're my family, my happy thought is them.'Wendy said nothing more, she smiled faintly, Peter Pan had indeed returned. Peter then got ready for that night, he had a walking cane. Crane had her own room just one more floor up, the top floor she called it, the skydome Peter had called it oroginally. Either way, it was Cranes bedroom whenver she visited the home. As he put on his suit jacket he noticed the book, 'Peter Pan and Wendy', sitting atop the dresser, the pages were old and brittle. It was truly worth something for its age. But Peter never sold it, even though when pressed for money he was tempted to evaluate it and see how much it was worth. But he had chosen against it. Peter smiled as he picked up the book, his own smiling young face staring back at him with a goofy childiesh smile, yes, that was him on the cover alright. It would always be him on the cover. Even that day so long ago when he refused to believe it, it was him, the Boy who would never grow up, but he did grow up. He had two children of his own, who now had kids of their own. Peter went downstairs, carrying his tie, his son helped him put it on. \"Leaving so soon Grandpa ?\" Crane asked she had placed her sword in her room on her bed and was holding one of the many Westerlilies in her hand, her Father had made a crown of sorts and put it in her hair for her. Mostly at her mothers insistance that he do so. \"Unfortunately, yes I am.\" Peter replied. \"But don't worry, I'll call you all when I arrive there, and also when dinner is served, and also when I'm about to leave to come home.\" He hugged Crane tightly, and also his other grandkids as well. \"So keep your wristphone ready.\" No doubt the rest would be asleep when he got home, but he knew for sure that Crane would be waiting for him to get back. She always waited for him when she could not go along with him. The foursome then said their goodbyes and left orders with the servants. Crane watched her grandfather leave, staying on the steps of the house until his car turned the corner down the road before returning into the home. Crane then went up to the skydome room where she'd sleep that night once again, the skydome was hers every time she came. She loved sleeping there under the stars, it was the only place where she could lay in bed looking at the stars wondering where the ceiling was and not have to worry of rainfall or even snowfall. She laid on her bed, holding the sword, fingers tracing over the designs along the edges,, the sheath. The ribbon. Her mind then shifted slightly. Images floating around her, goshtly, almost transparent. The Bleeding Effect it was called, she suffered from it lately due to being in the Animus so much recently back home. They were paying her family good money, and they even installed it at their home, that way Crane was able to do the work as she liked to do it, in her bedroom. Though sometimes she had really weird dreams. But she told nobody about them. Thinking the dreams nomore than simple memories she had seen in the Animus. The bleeding effect however, as it was known among the company, was actually more useful then most knew. Hey it helped her with her troubles almost daily as it was. But the flying. She could already do that even without fairy dust! So why was Tink in her dreams when she never met the fairy before ? The Animus had given Crane a remarkable gift. The drive from home to the new hospital was a short one, though to Peter it felt to be a very long one. He hated leaving Crane, her brothers, her cousins, they were all more focused on sports and doing their own thing, whereas Crane was always focused on her grandfather or her personal workouts. Crane was, for the most part, built like a truck. Her parents were proud of the teen they were raising. But none of them truly knew what she really did for Abstergo, or the effect it was having on her, nor did any of them fully understand the true abilites of the Spirit Pearls. Peter entered the grand ballroom of the hotel just across the street from the brand new Wendy Darling Children's Hospital. When he arrived outside many people shouted and cheered. Many clapped as the family arrived, Peter entered with his wife on his left arm, his black gold topped walking cane in his right hand, a nice tophat on his head, and also his son and daughter, their wife and husband with them right behind. They all took their seats at the table set up and slighytly above from the rest. At long last, Peter took his seat after hanging up his new iPhone19E that his son got for him that past summer. As promised he called Crane to let her know they had arrived. It was a good hour before dinne was soon served, it was then that Peter called Crane the second time detailing what they were having. Crane wrote down everything in Grandma Wendy's massive cookbook file as she was told what the dinner was and how to make it. Then, when everyone had eaten and taken their seats as expected, some called for the after dinner speech, Peter smiled and stood from his place, and with a bit of help, went to the stand to speak. \"Good evening everyone.\" He said. \"I want to first thank you all for coming, and here we are tonight, fifty years to the night when the model of the Wendy Darling Children's Hospital was unvieled for us all. It is finally finished. After many setbacks, delays, money problems, here we are. Finally celebrating and openiing offically, this new hospital.\" Everyone clapped. Peters throat tightened slightly as he continued speaking. \"Sadly, Wendy herself is not able to join us this night in person, but I am sure, as most of you are, she is here with us in spirit.\" Peter went on to explain that Grandma Wendy had passed away seven years before. He then said while lifting his glass that was brought to him from his seat. \"I propose a toast. A toast to one we hold dear to our hearts.\" He raised his glass, \"To Grandma Wendy, May she rest in peace.\" The ballroom responded \"To Grandma Wendy!\" They then had a moment of quiet in her memory. Finally Peter spoke up again. \"We have just over to our left. A door that leads into the new hospital made in Grandma Wendy's honor.\" Peter started to choke up as he spoke, after blowing his nose in front of everyone, he said that he was saddened that Wendy was not there. After being given a handheld mic Peter went over to the door, he called his son and daughter and wife over to him. there was a red ribbon across the door. Peter spoke again. \"It was through Grandma Wendy that I found what she said that I had first called them, my 'happy thoughts', And so, my happy thought, is because of Grandma Wendy that I am here, that I have a family to love and be with.\" The people begain to clap. \"Wendy worked for us all, day in and day out, giving us a home when we were unable to get one for ourselves. It was all of us together that enabled this place to be built in her name. And so it is with great pride, and also sadness. That we cut the ribbon, and celebrate in Grandma Wendy's name.\" He handed the mic to a nearby butler, and motioned his own grown children forwards, taking the large pair of scissors from his wife he said quietly to his kids to cut the ribbon together. With their faces all smiles, the two siblings went to the ribbon, and holding a part of the scissors, cut the ribbon offically opening the Wendy Darling Childrens Hospital of London. Everyone cheered. Crane had been sitting in a crosslegged pose for nearly an hour since her grandfathers last call. Trying to focus her mind carefully to try and control the bleeding effect. It was bad enough her arm was bleeding a river again. Blood ran down her arm to her hand, dripping to the floor in red splotches off her finger tips. Memories flashed before he closed eyes, memories, genetically linked to herself, of Neverland. Everything was so real. So... vivid. Her focus shifted slightly as she tried to move within the memory. But without control she found herself pulled towards an area. Fire, fire was everywhere, explsions rained around her. A massive pirate fleet of ships bearing down on London, canon fire raining down like rainfall from hell. It was a nightmare! No! Her eyes exploded open, sweat beaded on her forehead. She stood up and moved to the bathroom. First to clean her arm, then to dry her forehead. She was barely out of the bathroom when at that same moment of the ribbon being cut that Crane noticed something out of the corner of her eye while cleaning her arm. She had changed clothes into a beautiful handmade kamino of dark magenta with pale pink and white Westerlilies embroidered into it. Her grandmother and mother worked together to make the beatuiful outfit for her. And the sword only made her look more beautiful. Crane had opened one of the many windows to the Skyroom, removing the screen from the higher windows so that she could step onto the clear glass roof without worry of falling. It was that cold a night, but she was used to the freezing weather where her mother and father lived in northern China. All the more reason to keep a window or two open. Crane stepped out onto the upper Skyroom balcony as whatever it was she saw blasted its way towards the house in Kensington Gardens like a golden bolt of lightning. Crane at first stared as Tink came to a halt atop the hilt of her sword. Fearing to say anything stupid, mostly out of shock. I have got to be dreaming; this has to be of the bleeding effect Tink looked around slightly befuddled, she knew Peter had grown older in fifty years, but there was something odd about the girl before her, she stood tall and proud. Like a crane. Tink thought before spotting the slightest trickle of blood on Cranes left arm. \"You're her! At last I found you! You look good too. A fighter ?\" \"Hey, whoa, slow down, time out! What are you talking about ?\" Crane said very quickly in order to try and understand what Tink was babbling about. Then she realised who she was talking to. \"Wait a second. I know you. You must be Tinkerbell. Grandfathers faerie.\" She said crouching down to be eye level with Tink. \"He told me about you.\" She said nothing of actually seeing Tink in her memories related work. Tink was now more focused on Cranes arm, pulling at her sleeve to see the whole bleeding out birthmark. \"Just as I thought. You've got the mark. You're her\" \"What are you talking about ?\" Crane asked. Almost gingerly lifting Tink off her birthmark. It had not stopped its bleeding since she tried to clean it. It was still rather sticky with dried blood. \"You got a name ? Sure you have a name, I can't call you Peters Grandkid all the time now can I ?!\" Tink said, crossing her arms, she had gone to Kensington Gardens yearly trying to find Peters children to help with a problem at Neverland, but every time, they had forgotten her, well, the kids had, Peter however, she saw was a happy man, caring for his family, so she waited until the right time. And now this was it. \"Crane. I already know your name.\" Crane replied, formally introducing herself to the hyperactive fairy that was pretty much dancing on her right hand. \"Crane, you mean, like the bird ?\" Tink asked, Crane nodded, \"I thought so, ever wanted to face someone in a good fight?\" Tink was looking to warn Peter that Hook had survived, he wasn't dead, he survived. And was causing troubles for the Lost Boys. Lots of troubles, which was why, once per year, she went back to look for Peter, or someone from his family to with her back to Neverland. Crane smirked. \"Lately I've been besting everyone I've been put into the ring against in all types of combat, martial arts, swords, axes, whatever anyone can really think of.\" she said to Tink. \"Why do you ask ?\" She had recently spearheaded the Wolfpack global system for Abstergo Entertainment. Which included martial and melee combat in addition to stealth and otherwise in the system. \"What about the guy that your grandfather fought ?\" Tink said, meaning Hook. The fairy had her arms crossed. \"The guy that gave him that mark.\" Tink pointed at Cranes bleeding arm. Crane thought but a moment. Then asked. \"You mean the guy with one hand and the hook for the other, long black hair, huge feather in his hat ?\" Tink nodded, Crane smiled and cast a look at her brand new sword that Tink was perched upon. \"What was his name ? James something...\" \"Hook\" Tink said. \"Hook ?\" Tink nodded, \"You think you have the mettle enough to face him ? He survived, got a new bunch of pirates on his ship, and has been raiding a lot of places recently.\" Tink then explained recent goings on at Neverland, including dozens more ships and crews showing up and joining in on Hooks already expansive fleet. Crane stood up looking towards the door, walking towards it for but a moment, then turned back to Tink. \"What of my family ? How do I tell them where I went ? Leave a note ?\" She started pacing as memories once more surfaced, this same memory, one hell of a trip of deja vu for the young woman. \"I can't just leave a note. Nobody will understand it. But Grandfather, he promised he'd call before coming back. Let me at least wait until then ?\" \"There is no time.\" Tink said sharply, she flew about the room as Crane paced. \"We need to take down Hook before he can do something to harm everyone, not just the Lost Boys or your family directly. But everyone.\" It was the strength on the word everyone that had Cranes atttention. The world as a whole was at stake, Hook was planning to escape Neverland, and come for Peter to eliminate him once and for all. \"Got any ideas then ?\" She went for the wristphone, putting on the device, the holographic display flickered over her left hand, marred slightly by blood, the image flickered a bit before focusing. It was time to call Grandpa. Hopefully he'd answer. When he did not, so she instead texted him three words. \"Tink was here\" then hit send. Hopefully he'd get it. \"Because the only thing I can think of is three words. You were here.\" \"I got a better idea kiddo. Your grandfather knows of Neverland, your parents too, if you leave a note saying that you found Tink, and she needed your help, which I do, I am pretty sure they'll understand. At least your grandfather will.\" Tink started out the foor to the hall and stairs down to the lower levels of the house, she knew exactly what to do, she headed right for the room now used by Peter and Moira.\"I got an idea\" was all the fairy said. Crane followed Tink as the fairy went right to the dresser, thankfully not any further, Crane's cousins were all watching the news or playing video games on the new Animus System Crane helped beta test, and thankfully none of them saw Crane as she went past after a bright lightbulb. Tink went to where the book, Peter Pan and Wendy was located on the dresser, and delicately opened it ot the page showing a map of Neverland, using some pixie dust, Tink marked an X where the Lost Boys made their home. \"There, your grandfather will know where you went. Come on lets go.\" \"Hey whoa, slow down Tink.\" Crane said, almost instantly taking charge. There was some stuff she had to do before she could just up and take off for Neverland. She went back to the Skyroom and shut the door behind her. Her sword still laid on the bed. \"Two things before we go, I'm taking my sword with me, and secondly, how do we get there ?\" Crane knew that she'd have to fly, but she couldn't help but ask. \"Silly, we fly, you've got the mark from Hook that he made to your grandfather thirty years ago, you inherited it. Somehow.\" Tink replied, she pointed out and retold the story on how Cranes grandfather had gotten that wound from Hook. This was going to be one heck of a trip down memory lane for sure. Crane lifted her arm for Tink to see. \"What this ? \"She asked, clearly confused. \"Mother always said it was a birthmark. Though every year about this time it bleeds a little, it was really bleeding a few days ago, enough to have me go to the hospital over night before coming here.\" Crane said rolling up her sleeve. Showing Tink the whole birthmark. Tink only nodded and perched on Cranes shoulder as the woman went back pacing within the skydome room. \"This is surreal.\" Crane was saying, but she knew in her heart that Tink was real, and that she was indeed from Neverland. Which meant that the genetic memories monologue was all true. Now she was taking a trip down memory lane. Fifty years later. Crane stepped out onto the balcony of the two floor skydome room. For a long moment she stared at the moon in the clouds above. Thinking carefully over what she was about to do. Tink watched the woman carefully. Had she made the right choice. Crane took a deep breath and let it out. Her choice finalised. She went to the hall and looked out, her brothers and cousins were once again playing video games. Good, they'd never notice her leaving. Crane reentered her room and shut the door quietly behind her, perfering to leave it unlocked. She picked up Tink from her shoulder and set her on a higher point, eye level so to speak. \"If... when Grandfather Peter finds the book open to the page you left it to. He will know where I went, Right ?\" \"Yup\" Tink replied with a firm nod. \"I marked it too with fairy dust, so Peter will see it clearly. I even left a note for him too, he'll see it.\" Crane nodded and went over to her sword and picked it up from the bed, wrapping the five meter long white ribbon tightly around her left hand and the sheath of the white sword, keeping a fim grip on both the scabbard and the sword itself so she would loose nither item in flight. She grunted as her arm bled a bit, since she was holding the weapon in her left hand, her wounded arm. Her weapon was secure. Though the white ribbon was now stained with her own blood. She looked to Tink, she had an odd look in her eyes, a spark that Tink remembered seeing in Peters eyes before he went to fight Hook thirty years before. \"Lets hunt some Hook\" She said using a quote from one of her favorite movies as she spoke. Tink smiled and sprinkled a bit of Faerie dust on Crane, saying simply \"Think of a happy thought or two.\" But she didn't have the need to speak such words of advice, as Crane lifted off as she spoke, as the woman was already thinknig of her happy thought, Her grandfather, Peter Pan, the boy who could fly. The boy she was the grandaughter of. There was no way that happy thought would be taken from her. The pair lifted off and left Kingsonton Gardens, heading directly for Neverland.[Chapter 2] The Crane vs The Hook Chapter 2 Arrival at Neverland June 26th 2059 London England My son asked me what happened next, but I was unable to tell more due to tiredness at the time. So I said I would see him the following week, like we always did, at the coffee hut for a game of holochess as we weekly took part in. Amazingly enough. Joseph showed up on time, I had gotten there like normal, a few minutes ahead to set up and be ready for his arrival. My jounal was with me, the one containing the notes, writings, everything. Joseph, the tech savvy boy of our family, was in the proccess of transferring everything I said, or had written down into a digital format for publishing. Or later reading. Anyway, without further ado, as I made the first move on our chessboard, I continued my tale... \" Are you listening ? \" I asked my son a second time, he nodded, he waited for my every word. My journal between us to the side fof our multi-level chessboard. Our eyes turned towards it as I said \" Then let us continue our tale...\" December 22nd 2045 London England; Kensington Gardens, Home of the Banning Family A good time after Crane had left home, about two maybe three hours later in fact, her parents and grandparents and aunt and uncle came home, the boys were all watching TV, and Cranes younger brothers were focused on the Animus System. Yet Crane was nowhere to be seen after searching, Peter was expecting Crane to be waiting at the door for them when he returned, like the years before. But when Crane was not seen, Maggie went upstairs to the Skydome room to see if she had fallen asleep, but Crane wasn't there, nor was her sword. And a window was wide open to the ceiling above, the second floor balconey doorwall was also wide open. The screen missing. \"She's not here. I saw the doorwall open, and thought she had fallen, but she didn't. I didn't see anyone outside on the ground in the gardens.\" She told her father who had followed her up. Peter thought for a second then checked his phone, he had totally forgotten in the life of the party going to call home to inform Crane that they were returning. Instead he found a text message. \"Impossible\" Peter breathed softly, a smile on his face. He then turned and went straight to his room, he felt the slightest hint of faerie dust in the Skydome room, Tink had indeed been there. He spotted his book, his grandmother Wendy's 'journal' of sorts. It was opened to a page, a map, it was Neverland. He saw the fairy dust X where the Lost Boys tree was located. And also read Tinks note. A tear streaked from his eye. He missed Tinkerbell so much. He folded the note, to Maggie it'd be a blank piece of paper, but it was Tinks writing, and Peter could read it clearly. It was four words. Written in fairy dust. \"I believe in you.\" Peter smiled, He went to the door and called to Maggie to come to his room, once she was in there he closed the door. \"I know where Crane went.\" He showed her the open book to the page, pointed out the fairy dust from Tink, and also the text from Crane herself. Crane had gone to neverland. But why did she go, none knew. \"Tink was here. Crane went with her.\" \"You mean Tink found her ? Crane took her sword with her whereever she went, and if she did go to Neverland with Tink, then, she's ready for a fight.\" Maggie said, \"I hope she doesn't hurt herself.\" \"She wont.\" Peter replied. \"We were at Neverland for several days, maybe a week at best from what I remember. If we go to the police we'd only be thought of as crazy. Crane met Tink, and went with Tink to Neverland. I think Tink needed her for something. But what I do not know.\" \"But daddy, Crane was in the hospital three days ago because of her arm, it bled so much the doctors had her wrap it up. but she hated the bandage, so now her arm is all bloody.\" Maggie said. That made Peter more concerned for his granddaughter then ever before. But what shocked him was the tale Maggie then told about the weird sign in the skies just moments before Crane was born, her natural and unique abilities; her strengths; skills she had honed with pure self taught lessons. Even the weird elemental controlablty she had possessed. Peter smiled and hugged Maggie, \"Listen to me closely Maggie, Crane will be safe with Tink. Her sword is most likely with her, so she's armed and ready to fight. From what I remember Neverland does indeed have food, and lots of it. I am sure Tink will keep her safe.\" Peter hugged Maggie tightly. \"Besides, Crane won the international MMA championship last month didn't she ?\" Maggie nodded. \"So what do we have to worry about ?\" The added information of the elemental control abilites though made Peter smile. \"If you say so Daddy.\" Maggie replied once her father let her breathe a little. Though none of them knew exactly what Crane was in to thanks to the Animus. October 18th 2045 Neverland, Pirate City Crane flew all night long, with Tink guiding her way to Neverland. Yet it felt familar, like she had gone on the trip before. Never stopping. When they finally arrived Crane came to a halt at a cloud, looked abouyt, then jumped. Tink watched confused as Crane disappeared with the cry of an eagle before seeing a glasslike bird flying off until Crane herself appeared on a treebranch before dropping to the ground just inside the Pirate City city limits. Many more pirates had come to make homes for themselves, even pirates she was more familar with, Crane saw Somali, Bengazu, Turkish, even Arabian pirates. These weren't the sword and club armed pirates, these were the guns and roses type. \"What are you doing? you have to get to the Lost Boys!\" Tink said quietly seeing that Crane's flight had moved her towards a pirate building, a cooking establishment of sorts. Tink followed. First Crane knew her, then knew how to fly well before the fairy dust. Yet, Tink wondered briefly just what would come of it. \"I want to see what I'm up against\" Crane said after a minute of careful thinking, she had an odd look in her eyes. Something between impishness and pure suicide. It was hard to tell. But Crane had skill on her side, along with more than a few tricks up her sleeves. \"Great, just what I need, a suicidal grandkid of Peter's taking on a bunch of pirates all at once\" Tink muttered to herself before entangling herself in Cranes hair. Waiting to see how it would turn out. Using her sword as a walkingstick Crane entered the cooking area of a pub. Not seeing anyone she headed out to the dining part of the place, her footsteps echoing on the wood floor. She wore soft leather boots that were colored simalar to her clothing. The hard soles on the bottom of the shoes however drew attention of several pirates. One of them spoke up, a man with a walking crutch, and an eyepatch, but no hat. His hair and beard an absolute mess. \"Those look like nice lookin' boots.\" He said getting closer limping with his crutch making clacking noises. Crane rememered her grandfather telling tales of the brainless pirates only wanting his shoes when he first returned to Neverland all those years ago. Was she to do that too ? \"I'm up here brainless\" Crane said. Already bored with the people here admiring her footwear. Man, hopefully she'd not have to rely on Tink for this fight. Only her skills. \"I want them shoes\" The pirate, now known to herself Crane mused, as Shoeless Jim. Shoeless picked up his crutch, \"I think I'll have me a pair.\" he swung at Crane. And missed completely, as Crane easliy jumped up onto the counter, kicking a beer mug at the pirate and finally getting his attention when aforementioned beer mug shattered in his face. \"I said,\" She repeated herself now that the Pirate was looking directly at her. \"I am up here. Forget about my shoes for the moment at tell me this what day is today ?\" The pirate looked at her for but a second, smiled and lashed out. \"The day I get new boots!\" The man yelled. Crane went down, hard. The fuck did I get myself into ? She thought before rolling out of the way or a heavy thudding crutch that hit the counter top. \"Get me those boots, lads!\" Shoeless shouted, all of a sudden six more pirates joined the party. Crane only smirked, she had taken on groups before, but not this many. This is time for improviation on the go, she thought, ducking one swing of a cutlass, and diving under a table, now under the thing she kicked out twice, sending two electified chairs, and then two shocked pirates on the ground out cold. Two down, four to go, and also Shoeless to worry about. Crane thought, now analising the fighting area as one would a video game. She figured Shoeless to be the boss she'd have to face last. these others were just the cannon fodder, With a fast slap, and a solid crunch a door nob caught a pirate in the stomach, the man went down holding his family jewels as Crane's foot easily found the spot. Crane docked another swing, slapped twice at the offending man and then dove for cover, and then found herself behind the counter. Spotting a few items of use she quickly grabbed them and stood up, three plates shattered on only one pirate, who fell to the floor with a solid thunk. Ducking a chair leg Crane grabbed her sword and chopped a table in two, the two pirates that threw the thing hit the deck and were out of the fight as the table came apart in their hands, the backlash of the strike taking both down with the remains of the table whacking them in the heads as electricty crackled within the tavern remains. Shoeless saw the sword, marveled at it for only a scant heartbeat, then took off outside. Tink blasted after the pirate, knocking him cold with a well thrown pan. \"Nice shot I think you got him\" Crane said, Tink shrugged and smirked. \"Come on, lets go.\" Crane stepped out into the mainstay of the place and instantly ducked against a pillar as two armed men walked past and seemingly ignored her, and the fight within the bar location, more focused on something else. She then noticed everyone was headed somewhere. One of the many men was carrying a pillow of some kind. Something silver glinted atop it, the armed men surrounded the pillow carrier. Crane grabbed up a tattered black cloak from Shoeless Morgan and put it on. \"Follow that hook!\" Tink hissed, recognising the glint of silver. Crane smirked, perfect, what better way than to get to know the pirates in the area than to actually join their den for the morning before their cup of tea ? \"Right\" Crane replied, She got into the rabble, near the rear of it, though it gained members rapdily, all repating the mantra of \"Hook, hook, follow the hook! Hook, hook, follow the hook!\" The rabble went onto a large craft, made for water, and had been anchored there for some time. Moving up the gangplank onto the ship. She couldn't believe her eyes. The massive vessel was larger then she had envisioned as a child, but seeing it in person; it just made it all the more... amazing. Crane mentalled did a history check; she was not in the animus directly, so she had no solid way of knowing exactly what Hook was able to do; but from memory she was able to piece certain things into place. He was tricky of sorts, so that was problematic at best, but he was also scared of certain items, and he was prone to suicidal attempts as well. Which told Crane that Hook had changed in fifty years, which also told her that she had better keep an eye for trouble. As she neared the ship she felt a sense of strong deja vu, as if she were once more in the Animus, she remembered seeing a notice in the upper left of her screen while testing the software. When she got to certain points, the screen said ' now recording ' and every few seconds glitches were found. So, after wandering the ship and the crew still chanting Hooks name over and over, Crane finally found herself a good spot to see everything clearly, including everyone on the ship around her. Tink flittered down to a lower area to keep from being seen by anyone. Curious of why Crane had moved through the crowded deck so easily as she had. Crane started to wonder how long it would take for the guy to show himself, after all, after fifty years, Hook had to be old, maybe another dozen years older then her own father. Finally Hook stepped out, he looked pretty young, about as old as her grandfather said he was. But he looked quite fit for a pirate, ready to battle. But there was something about the man that warned Crane to be careful. Crane looked over the crew, three hundred and twenty eight strong, and none of them bathed; hell none of them could read past the second grade. One or two could barely distinguish a spoon from a fork, Crane smiled inwardly at the thoughts from her memory, and less than a handful could count to ten, it was disgusting. \"Gentlemen\" Hook called out, \"You ignorant sorry sacks of pancractical entrails!\" The men cheered at the priase, Crane inwardly smiled once more, these guys were stupid, just like her grandfathers last battle. Hooks claw slashed the air, \"Revenge...\" He said in the ensuing silence, \"...Is mine.\" He began to pace the upper deck, still speaking, \"I've baited this hook, so to speak, with a unique bait for the fish to take. Fifty years ago Peter Pan tried to feed me to the crocodile! But I am here I am back! And I have his boys!\" The crew cheered, Crane stayed put, watching everything, as if she were in the Animus, recording everything carefully, ever watchful. It was an amusing speech, Crane thought, Hook was talking sense, but she was the only one that understood a word he said, just looking at the sorry bunch of pirates, some of whom having weapons she was very familar with, Crane knew she could take down Hook, have him rethink his plans carefully. \"Now then\" Hook said after giving the pretty good speech, it was short and simple, Crane mused, to the point, though it was lost on her directly but she was the only one among the crew that understood a word Hook said. Whatver the captain had said, it made his men cheer when he gave pause for them to do so, that and the 'CHEER' sign Shmee was holding at periods made it more apparent the men were not exactly a smart bunch \"I was given word that someone has come to Neverland again, someone, flying. Now who was it ?\" He looked about the ships main deck. He pointed with his hook saying, \"You.\" Everyone begain looking about, who was he pointing at ? Crane had a feeling that something bad was about to happen. \"You...\" Hook took one step, then stopped, turning to Shmee he grumbled, \"Where's the carpet ?\" Shmee looked stupid, making Crane smile thinly before stamping twice on the deck, red carpet rolled out, Hook once more started down the stairs, repeating his saying of \"Not you, no, not you.\" as he passed various crewmen. Crane had dirtied her hair only so much so he couldn't have been pointing at her outright now could he ? Hook headed down to the main from the aft deck and continued going through the crew. \"No, not you, Not you, not you, Not you either,\" As he got closer to Crane and the man next to her, the two of them, man and woman, pointed first at themselves, then at each other, but Hook waved off Crane and Finally he stopped at the man next to her. \"You\" He said darkly to the man. \"You flew into town this morning didn't you.\" Crane moved out of reach of Hook, mostly out of personal safety reasons, and also because it felt too much like the Animus, Best to let him not see me. She thought, ' Use the crowd to blend in, never let your prey see you, use the crowds to do the deed, then escape unseen' She mentally recited the tenets of a book she had once read as part of her schooling. \"No sir.\" The pirate answered, scared for his life. Crane saw the man break internally under Hooks stare, something like that could happen to even the best. Amazingly, Hook paid Crane no heed whatsoever as the other pirate moved around, all the other pirates on the ship were too focused on Hook and the man he had cornered. \"Oh come now, tell your captain the truth.\" Hook said faking being nice. But Crane easily saw that Hook was not a nice captain, nice captains did not last long in charge of a ship or two. But from looks of things, even though his men adored Hook, Hook himself despised his men greatly, the only man he ever truly trusted was Shmee. The pirate started to tear up under the stare and finally nodded, crying as he did so, \"I did yes.\" He said tearfully. Crane saw that Hook was oddly amused. This was when the boo box came into play, she remembered it clearly. Way too much deja vu. Hook smiled, \"There now that wasn't so bad was it?\" Hook looked to the side, \"The boo box\" he called the pirate started screaming, Crane was knocked aside, thankfully her getup stayed up as she moved to where the plank was to keep from getting run over as the boo box was brought up. \"Now then,\" Hook said, \"I have good news for you all, as of this morning before waking up and finding a flying idiot, I have managed to capture two of those young boys that nearly ended us fifty years ago today! Haul them up lads!\" Oh no, Ace, Lepoardhead! Crane thought as the net was raised, two young boys, no older then herself, dangled in it. Crane seemed to have deja vu, but she had dreamed of this same moment, even relived it in the Animus project back home and on the plane. Hook had the net raised to the first sails on the mainmast and then let it dangle, both boys were struck dumb from fear. Crane however, had recognsied them both. Crane had moved once again closer to the mainmast where the tie ropes were anchored to the sails and also to the net itself. Maybe she could cause a ruckus? Tink saw her movements and tried to piece together what the woman was doing. iI hope she doesn't kill herself./i It was bad enough she told Crane to follow the hook. Crane stood near the plank and the mainmast, equal distance to each. Once at arms length from Hook she spoke. \"A good show captain, I have my doubts, yet, perhaps you truly are the force that my grandfather had faced; though like I said, I have my doubts.\" She said to him, she was half tempted to climb the mainmast then drop from above onto Hook and knock him off his feet. But then thought better of it, too many things could go wrong if she tried. Her concern was for the boys. Hook halted in his tracks and spoke up sharply, asking. \"Who said that?\" Everyone shut up. Hook looked wildly around, Grabbing a nearby pirates cutlass he said, \"I dare you to repeat that.\" His eyes went over the crew. Who had spoken ? Ace and Leopardhead both in the net observed everything, seeing the strange pirate taking on Hook in a battle of wits, a battle none had seen coming if at all. Between the two were interesting things, one of which were the fact the two boys had a damn near telepathic ability between them. #What is it ? Why is she confronting Hook ? Is she nuts ? Leopardhead thought to Ace; the other boy shrugged. #Dunno, but she looks pretty Ace thought back. #That was my thought! Get outta my head Ace! Leopardhead thought back, Ace just snickered quietly as the battle of wits got underway below them. \"With pleasure.\" Crane replied now standing in full view of Hook. Her sword under her cloak. \"Are you indeed the Captain James Hook, the sworn enemy of my grandfather ?\" Crane had a hat on her head covering her face. \"I am, what of it ? Pan is your family ? Who are you pirate ?\" Hook said looking towards Crane as the source of the voice. Clearly confused by the large hat that covered the odd pirates face. Crane smiled and removed the hat and cloak with a flaire. \"I am called Crane, I am Peter Pan's granddaughter. I am the daughter of the child you kidnapped fifty years ago.\" Crane said calmly. She held her sword loosely in one hand as the cloak fell to the deckplates and the hat went flying to who knew where. Hook took her in carefully, a hard once over before speaking. \"You ? You are but a woman, you cannot fight.\" Hook said. This had to be a joke. \"Really ? That is your answer ? I cannot fight. Gee, well. \"Crane motioned towards the seven men she had faced only minutes before. \"Who was it then that gave your boatswain a good red mark to his head ? Or land two of his own men as well still reeling from electrical power to the undertaker ?\" Crane said, Hook looked towards the man, thankfully not Shmee, as Shmee had been promoted to Quartermaster. Hook looked back to her. Crane continued. \"So let us examine the claim of who I am, if that is what you wish to do at this time.\" Crane crossed her arms then. \"Yes, lets. Shmee!\" Hook said, Shmee appeared at his elbow. \"My glasses, hold her.\" Hook commanded, two pirates moved to do as requested \"I'll do it myself\" Crane said pulling her left sleeve up, there was the mark that Hook had given Peter Pan fifty years ago. Her voice alone halted the two pirates sent to hold her. \"Yes, that's the mark there.\" Shmee said, \"She's the grandkid of Pan I tell ya captain. She's got the mark and bloodline or I got a deadman's dingy for a brain.\" By then Hook and Shmee were up against her looking over her carefully, their stink was overwhelming \"I know that Shmee, now get her out of my sight.\" Hook said, \"Kill her, kill all three.\" He said, the boys started open mouthed, Crane just smirked as Tink flew into view of Hook as the man walked off. This was going to be good. She had let go of her sword by then, the white walking stick was missing, taken by one of the two pirates. \"Hey Hook, how do you want this story to be read? Hook returns, but is too afraid to be bested by the grandchild of Pan ?\" Tink said. \"Give me three days and those two boys, and we will have a battle again.\" \"Three days, deal.\" Hook said. He hated making deals with pixies. Anything to get Tinkerbell off his ship. Crane overheard what was said, every word of it, She had three days; like her granfather had, and she'd take the two boys with her. Perfrct. She moved away from the mainmast, the plank had been set up and the net dangled over it. In the rukus of her being checked over by Hook up close, {Much too close for her own senses to try to even so much as allow because he stank to high heaven} her sword had been taken. She turned quickly to see as the 'white walking stick' was chucked over the side, she smirked, she could see it in the clear water, directly off the left of the plank. She was roughly set onto the Plank before Shmee spoke up to translate what Hook said t ohim. \"In three days we're gonna have another war! To the death!\" The pirates cheered, one of them stepped hard on the plank. Another let go of the rope through the pulley holding Ace and Leopardhead, the two boys fell ten meters into the water, sinking into it like a rock. The pirates however were cheering the prospect of gutting the rather pretty woman before them. Well, this was going to be rather interesting. Crane watched at first struck stiff with anger towards Hook, glaring at him she seemed to want to strike at the man before she instead used the plank as a diving board and swan dove off the plank off the left side of it, away from the boys where they fell. She swam straight to where she saw her sword in the water, on the bottom of the sea she grabbed up her weapon. She spotted a tail moving towards her, but chose to ignore it for now, her attention on her new found charges directly above her trying to stay alive. If anytyhing came between her and her newfound friends, Ace and Leopardhead, there'd be hell to pay. Taking her sword she held the sheath, drawing the rustproof blade she slashed as hard as she could. Severing the net in several tries allowing both boys their freedom, they took off from Hooks ship after passing two docks they surfaced twice for air before moving on. When they finally broke the surface for the last time, Crane's hair had once more been cleaned to bright white from the water; which was crystal clear. They dragged themselves onto a beach of some sort. Laying there, soaking wet and bedraggled in the sand. Crane did not seem to mind the water or the sand, knowing it would later wash out. She was more focused on the two boys with her, one of them seemed out like a light, either fainted or just tired. \"Is he alright ?\" \"I think so.\" Ace replied, Leapard Head had zonked out, he never was good at holding his breath. Crane got up and stumbled over to where Leapard Head laid on the sand, feeling for breathing, she placed two fingers under his nose, there was. \"How about less think, more do ?\" Crane said giving a pointed look towards Ace; \"Why did you let yourselves get captured ? You boys are smarter than that. What happened ?\" Ace had no way of answering that question, all he could do was try and think up a proper answer. But nothing came to him. Crane continued. \"He may be asleep.\" She said dopping one hand down to support herself as she knelt on one knee next ot the boy. She saw the reason for the boys name, his hair was a pattern of leapoad prints. \"Or he might be wondering why the fuck everone is worried\" Leapoard Head said a minute later, he laid on his back, seeing first Crane, then asking, \"Who's the babe?\" That earned him a decking. A good whack from Ace shut him up. \"Ow Fuck! The front of my face!\" \"Sorry about that, John's always been going after the girls that come by, when they do at least. otherwise we go to the Pirate Town to find a few to bring back to the Tree where we live. That's how we were caught by Hook.\" Ace said. \"And here I thought he had died.\" Crane said thoughtfully. This was going to be good, Crane had seen all sorts of new pirates, unlike what her grandfather had once faced. She saw Benghazu, Arab, even Somali and Caribbean were in Pirate Town, or rather, Pirate City now due to the sheer numbers. \"Everyone did, but he didn't, he survived. He's madder then ever these last fifty summers.\" Leapoardhead replied. \"By the way, I'm John, everyone calls me Leapoardhead, this is Ace.\" Leopardhead said, introducing himself first, then Ace next. \"I'm Crane. Peter's grandather if you wonder.\" Crane replied formally once again introducing herself. This time to the two she knew in her heart that she could trust with her life. \"Are you guys alright ?\" \"I'm fine, just starving.\" John replied. Ace said nothing but nodded to what John said. As if he too was in need of food. Crane agreed, as she too was hungry. \"Well, we can't exactly let you guys go starving now can we?\" Crane said getting to her feet, her rust red kamino soaked with water making it look darker. her hair was plastered to the back of her neck. it would dry over time. but it would be a mess even then. She had shed the cloak from the fallen pirate back on Hooks ship. \"You guys know this place better then I do, so you can lead the way.\" She went to where her sword laid in the sand, using her foot to pick it up by snapping it into the air and snatching at it, the wet ribbon needed cleaning, so she wove the thing around her left hand and the sword sheath once more. John nodded and started off in a direction, away from Pirate City. Towards the Tree where the Lost Boys made their home. Neverland Lost Boys Tree Tinkerbells Clock Tinkerbell was a unique faerie that once lived with Peter Pan, who in turn gave his command to Rufio, then upon returning, Peter had given command to Thud Butt. A good young man who, with leadership skills quite lacking, found himself with five good advisors, aids who could define his leadership; and lastly, a faerie that Peter trusted with his life. Tinkerbell knew to never question orders when they were given; and as such; when Peter gave leadership to Thud, she too went with thud to keep things as civil as she could. But there was now a small problem. Well, maybe not so small. Tink stared in horror as Ace, Leopardhead, and Crane dropped into the sea below the plank onboard Hooks ship. She had no idea that the three survived and had made it to shore. But she did tell Thudd to expect possible visitors soon. Hook on the other hand, was questioning why he did what he did, and why he said what he said. Crane knew better than to plan outright and go with the first design plan. She always rethought her own plans, even questioned her own plans carefully, replanning as she questioned details so minor yet details that tied into the gut of each plan. And so, that is now what Hook was doing as Tink took off for her home. Hook oddly had a smile on his face. What he was thinking, Tink did not know.[Chapter 3] The Cran vs The Hook Chapter 3 Hooks Delimma July 1st 2059 London England On the Thames River My son came to visit me today, after the last telling of the story, from where I had left off, we finished our chessgame, at the same time, I finished my part of the tale, for the time being at the very least. Joseph wanted to know more in order to keep the story in proper order. Jumping around as I had between Peter and Crane was a confusing thing, bit it kept with the time keeping, of how the tale was told to me at least. My son came to visit me and I invited him on a walk, in the hopes of telling more of the tale for him to learn exactly what happened next as the three were headed into the jungle. And also of how Hook was to fare with the arrival of Crane. I looked to Joseph \" So, \" I said to him \" You are ready for the next part of my tale to be told ? \" He nodded, I smiled, I took up my coffee cup and leaned close to him and began... October 18th, 2045 Neverland; Lost Boys Tree; mid day It was an hour, maybe a bit longer, since they left the beach when Crane's left sleeve felt damp and sticky when the rest of her clothing was dry after an hours walking. A trickle of blood trailed between her fingers and dripped on the path. Oh wonderful she thought while inspecting her hand. Leopardhead noticed it first, \"Are you alright ?\" he asked her, his voice full of concern for the young woman. Crane clinched her fist several times before speaking, there was no pain, just blood flowing briefly. Her birthmark always bled around that time of year. \"It is just bleeding, I'll be fine. How much further ?\" She asked as Ace opened a gate of some kind. Both boys, no older then Crane herself motioned her to precceed them into the boundery of the Lost Boys area. Two more met up with them, one of them an asian fellow named Tong, the other a tall fellow named Joe. Two boys that reminded Crane far too much of her older cousins, Uncle Jacks sons. \"We're here.\" John spoke up as the two boys pointed their crossbows at Crane, as if stopping an intruder, Crane halted and said nothing, she did however let off a soft sigh, after all she was used to having all sorts of weapons aimed directly at her person through her last few years of High School. \"Hey whoa, hold on guys, she's a friend, leave her be. We're taking her to see Thudd.\" John said The two boys looked at each other then nodded, lowering their werapons \"Fine then, get going, if Thudd tells her to scat, don't mention us.\" Joe said as he and his fellow stood aside to let the three pass. Soon the three were deeper and closer to the Lost Boys tree. Finally Crane spoke after the distance was good from the two at the gate they had passed through, \"Who were they?\" She asked, jerking a thumb in the direction of the two teens that had stopped them and almost shot her with their crossbows only scant moments before. John smirked, \"Tong and Joe, they call each other brothers, I don't see the connection though. They watch the northern fence.\" Ace replied as they started walking on a wooden path. \"We're here. Come on, Thudd is doubtless waiting for us on news.\" He lead the way up a flight of stairs onto a track and then turning to the left up another flight to a large deck. Thudd Butt indeed was, the formly chubby boy now taller and much stronger, sat against a tree trunk on a large deck not far from a creek that flowed from the tree, the deck was built as partly a bridge and mostly a place to hold meetings, he was admiring the intricate lines in the blade that Peter had given him years before. Then he noticed a refelction on the golden blade of a white haired young woman and two of his friends. \"Its about time you two showed up\" Thudd said turning to greet them. Getting to his feet as he spoke. He took both boys into a tight hug He stared at Crane. Her left hand was clinched in a tight fist, and bleeding from a recent injury, but that was not what made him stare. \"Tink said we'd be having a guest. Called her Crane, a white haired girl, is this her ?\" Ace nodded Crane herself stared at Thudd, she knew him, he had to have been Thudd Butt. Finally after a moment of hesitation she spoke, \"I know you. Grandfather told me about you as a child. A few nights ago I had a dream about meeting you boys. And Now I am here. Talking to you.\" She said softly. She said nothing of her work with the Animus at her home, exploring her grandfathers memories of Neverland. That was truly how she knew of the Lost Boys and her grandfathers constant stories Thudd looked thoughtful, \"Where'd you find this doll ?\" He asked to the two teens that Crane had freed from Hook's net, Crane was a beautiful young woman. So why was she there ? John shrugged, moving off he went for some food. \"Pirate City, she took on a couple of Hooks guys, even gave his boatswain a black eye, and a broken tooth too.\" Ace replied, \"She even freed us from Hook at the same time.\" Thudd nodded after a moments thought, \"I figured as much, after Scatcat said you guys were caught by some pirates and taken to Hook, I started watching for Tink to get back, she came back alright, this morning, about six hours ago. She's been about an hour up stairs in her clock though when she wasnt down around me worried for you three. What kept you guys ?\" The boys traded looks, Crane raised an eyebrow, about to speak but the boys beat her to it. \"We had a... unwanted swim,\" Leapoardhead replied when he came back with some food, he had a leg of something in his hands and some of it in his mouth \"She cut us from the net with her sword, and we swam off under water to the beach.\" He pointed at Crane, who snickered with a slight bow, holding the sword tightly in her right hand as her left dripped blood. \"Grandfather said you boys helped him rescue my Uncle and my Mother.\" She said. \"He also said Hook was killed, eaten by the croc. When did he come back ? Why did he come back ?\" For a long moment none spoke, finally Thudd spoke up. \"He wanted Peter, he came back because he wanted to kill Peter, he tried time and again to attack us, but our fortifications are too much for him, if you said you dreamed about us why are you asking us this ?\" Thud asked her. \"When I dreamed about you I also saw Uncle Tootles. Grandpa said he was here with you guys. I never met him before as he flew here well before I was born. But I'd know him on sight.\" Crane replied. That made Leopardhead, known also as John, even pay attention, Tootles! He started pulling on Crane to get her moving, \"He's pretty much locked himself in the kitchen the last couple days since the day the Arabian nuts arrived at Pirate City. Its been almost fifty years since the day he arrived, and for the last week alone he'd been slaving in the kitchen, keeps saying things about Peter coming back for another adventure or something.\" He said all but dragging Crane to the eating area the Lost Boys used for their kitchen and dining hall. \"Whoa!\"Crane cried out briefly as Leopardheads grip was strong and she was puilled almost completely off her feet \"I can walk\" Crane replied. She spotted something rather important she had only seen and read about. Hook blades and hidden blades. These boys knew how to make them! John let her go and she followed him. The hidden blades could wait. For now Crane ducked into the kitchen after John, an old man was puttering around the kitchen making meals, getting things cleaned up. Even going so far as to make a cream cheese bagel for somebody. Crane had no idea just what this man could do. But she she knew who he was. Upon sight of him she said confused \"Uncle Tootles ?\" She blinked. He looked older then she remembered. But still hale and strong. Tootles stopped his puttering about the kitchen and turned to see who spoke, his voice low and full of command, \"Whose in my kitchen without my leave ?\" He came forwards with a carving knife in one hand until he saw who it was, \"Oh... hello John, Ace. Who is this pretty thing you brought with you ?\" His clear blue eyes took in Crane carefully, noting every detail down to her eyecolor and also the mark on her arm. \"This is Crane, she's Peters granddaughter.\" Ace replied \"She already knows us, I think Peter told her about us back in his home.\" \"Peter has a grandchild ?\" Tootles asked \"Several, I'm one of the second generation. I'm his daughter's daughter.\" Crane replied stepping closer to Tootles. \"Grandpa Peter told me about you, I dreamed about you and the others. He asked me if I saw you. I said I did. But, to see you in person is so much better.\" She said. Tootles laughed and handed the knife to Ace as he then hugged Crane and pulled at her arm \"When Peter returned to London he was cut by Hook on the arm. Your own arm is bleeding. Let me see.\" Crane did so. Tootles then all but dragged her around the kitchen trying to get the right amount of light to see by. Finally he had what he needed. Finally with her help the strange birthmark was revealed. \"Mhm. Peter was cut by Hook's hook on the arm in this exact spot. It bled a bit, but I am surprised that it was passed onto you. After all, his daughter was seven when she was kidnapped by Hook fifty years ago.\" The old man said thoughtfully. With Crane wrapping her arm with the help of Ace and then Leopardhead into a white cloth to protect the birthmark and to try to stop the bleeding, Tootles explained how Hook had been eaten by the Crock Clock, then spit up because he failed to properly digest. \"Every year about now he gets restless and wanders the Seven Seas looking for trouble with his crew.\" \"About now ?\" Crane repeated thoughtfully. Tootles and Ace both looked in her direction, Leopardhead was once again stuffing his face with food, though this time he found some rotissorie chicken. \"Every year my birthmark bleeds around now. My parents do not know why, nor do I myself. But personally I actually like the fact that it does bleed at all. It reminds me that I am alive. Of who I am.\" \"Hook cut Peter in the arm during their last fight. You inherited the mark. So therefore, you have to kill Hook, and make sure he never comes back.\" Tootles said, recounting what was told to him by Thudd when he arrived thirty years before. \"And I met him already. He seems bored of me and my family, more wanting to hunt the Boys.\" Crane grumbled. Clearly upset that Hook brushed her off, he seemed to her a fair fight, one enough to be of a challenge for her to take on \"I think it is more of show with him.\" Ace said. Crane looked towards him as he explained \"Hook has been obsessed with killing the line of Pan over the years. Drawing him here to Neverland and then killing him with his own sword. But then you arrive. You have the cut mark on your left arm in the exact same place Peter was cut thirty years ago!\" Ace smiled \"It makes sense that it bleeds around now because that is when Hook goes hunting for trouble. He goes hunting for Peter's family! You are here through Tink to put a stop to that.\" Crane looked lost. She sighed thoughtfully \"Even if I was here for that reason. Tink brought me here to face him because honestly, I need a proper challenge. All those I have faced already I have bested in all forms of combat. Mental or phsyical, or even in other forms.\" \"So you came to try and best him in combat, not kill him ? Even though he is hunting your family every year around this time ?\" Ace said. Clearly surprised at Cranes answer and reason to be there. Finally he asked \"Crane, tell us, what is your happy thought ?\" \"My happy thought ?\" Crane replied confused before smiling as she sat up on a table, her left leg dangled off it as her left arm rested on her right knee with her back to a post, with a snicker she replied \"My grandfather, my grandmother, my mother, my uncle, their kids, my brothers. My family, that is my happy thought.\" Then she got serious and set her jaw. Blood oozed through the white wrappings on her arm and trailed to her fingers, dripping to the ground in large red streaks. \"And if Hook wants to take my happy thought from me...\" She smiled then, a truly impish smile. Ace smiled too as she spoke her next thought. \"Lets hunt some Hook.\" Neverland Pirate City The Jolly Roger Hooks Cabin; Dusk Hook paced in his cabin, on his vast new ship, his cabin was large enough for his needs. All he now had to worry about was keeping it in proper working order. Unlike his old craft that fell apart at the first sign of trouble. \"Why did I agree to the pixies deal again Smee ?! I could have killed the offspring of Pan on the spot! But I stayed my hand. Why did I stay my sword ?\" Smee stood nearby, ready to aid his captain at a heartbeats notice. \"Good sportsmanship captain.\" Smee said thoughtfully, \"Though I could be wrong, it is possible the fact she is a woman stayed your hand sir.\" \"Sportsmanship. No, it was in good form that I stayed myself from striking out at the offspring of Pan. A woman! All because she was a woman! Nothing more then a simple woman, who managed to injure six of my own men!\" Hook continued to grumble. \"Well captain there was a thought however that perhaps the woman is more a manipulative sort.\" Smee said thoughtfully. \"Of course it was a thought and rumor of how the woman managed to best six men. Shoeless Morgan and his fellows at that.\" At that name Hook turned and pointed confusedly at Smee, \"Shoeless Morgan is in town ? And she bested him and his small trading group ? It was not our men that she had bested but his ?\" He asked. Smee nodded \"Aye Captain, Shall I send for him ?\" He asked, ready to give the order to the two that just entered. Hook shook his head, saying. \"Wait until morning to summon Shoeless Morgan and his fellows to my office. I have things I need to do at this moment. When morning arrives, it will be then when we plan out our attack pattern. Until then, or until I summon you sooner, you two are dismissed, but be ready for my needs at a moments notice.\" Hook waved the other two men off, leaving Smee, who looked confused \"Smee, I need you to do something important for me.\" Smee nodded and listened for his order \"I want you to go into town, spread the word that I am going to eliminate Pan and his offspring forever in a duel with his grandaughter herself. I want you to tell everyone to come on the third day, come and watch a woman lose to a man in fair combat.\" Smee nodded, Hook waved him off. It was now time to plan his next move. He stood and picked up as wine goblet and let Shmee fill it. He then went to the rear balcony of the ship, and looked out towards Neverland. The many pirate ships that were in the bay with his own craft, yes, he could plan out his war, and take it beyond Neverland. Looking up he saw the stars above. And then started mentally charting the path back to Pans own home, where he had kidnapped those children fifty years ago. And now those childrens child had come to Neverland. For long moment Hook said nothing, only standing on the balcony with wine in hand and hook in other arm. Thoughtfully thinking his plans. Finally he called out \"Shmee, Forget my last order, I have a better idea! Fetch that Lost Boy, what is his name, Too Small was it ? Fetch him for me, I want him to send a messege to the offspring of Pan. We're going to Pan; if Pans offspring cannot best us here before we leave, she will have to take back her family.\" Shmee nodded and took off to send the Lost Boy in question on his task. But Hook had no idea that Crane was already planning on defeating him once and for all. Neverland Lost Boys Tree; Cranes clearing; twilight hours Crane sat alone in the center of the clearing the Lost Boys had made for her. It was spacious enough for her to practise without harming anyone, and have a safe reach from the boys should any of them observe her practising her swordskill. But now she sat at the center of the clearing. Her eyes closed. She sat there, not moving. For long moments there was no sound, no movement from the young woman who sat in the center of the clearing. And as Hook stood drinking from a wine goblet upon his ship while watching the moonrise, did it occur. At first there was no hint of movement. Finally, there was an explosion of sound being sucked into one place, sounds of screaming as wind whipped up a mist in a frentic tornado around Crane; a vortex of some kind, As the screaming increased in pitch it got quieter as the wind became clearly visible as it picked up around her in white; like glass, it shrieked around her still form at the center before quieting comepletly and then turning into a powerful tornado that shot directly into the air straight as a pole of brilliant white light swirling madly. The light blasted into the sky, the clouds twisting as the swirling light hammered into it far above, the sounds of screaming faded as the wind picked up and blasted ever upwards. For long moments the strange event lasted. Even the pirates of Pirate City were confused to what was going on seeing the strange swirling beam of light. Hook himself was struck dumb with confusion at what he was seeing from his ship. As swiftly as it started it the light and wind ceased. And in the clearing, now ravanged by the wind and shrieking of the vortex the still sitting in the center, the young woman stood. It was still the first night since she had arrived. She had made her plans. She was not going to sit idly by and wait for three days. She was going to spy on Hook and his men. She was going to learn more of Hooks plans As she stood, Ace and Leopardhead had watched her, the ensuing voretx of wind and light, and sound had left them completely speechless for a good five minutes before they got their wits together and took off after Crane as she left the clearing to sleep or eat or something, the girl only ate what Uncle Tootles had made. Which was damn good meat at that. So where was she going ? #Think we should follow ? /i Leopardhead asked his friend, Ace nodded, the two stole after Crane, but they were no match for her mastery of the Six Spirit Pearls, her thinking pattern was at the critical stage, hence the powerful vortex. No doubt by then Hook was thinking powerful magic was afoot, and it was not Fae magic either. It was something else, something... much stronger, more dangerous. She had not taken more than five steps from the clearing when she heard, and felt the prencese of Ace and Leopardhead, \"See something you boys like ?\" She asked them turning around, her left hand once more dripped with blood, and her sleeve was crusted with dried blood. But she seemed to not care of the condition of her arm. The two looked at each other, finally, Ace spoke. \"How did you do that ? Back in the clearing ? That wind and sound, it was like a screaming vortex. How did you do it ?\" Crane smiled thinly then, \"When I think carefully, my thoughts gain strength when I focus on them properly. I wanted Hook to see but a brief glimpse of what I am able to do. To him I am a simple woman, And we've three days before we see him again. I'm not going to sit idly by and wait to face him. Instead I am going to take a good look at what he's got for him.\" The two boys looked at her, then each other, clearly confused by what Crane was planning. Then Ace remembered something that Tootles had drawn, He even had some of the girls they had found over the last few years make the item. But Tootles never said what it was for, nor did he say whom it was for either. \"Wait, before you go, We've got something the girls made, they finished it this morning! Come, quickly, I think you might like it.\" He grabbed her right hand and pulled, Crane let herself be led along the path, never breaking the hold the boy had on her as he pretty much dragged her along, something Ace said, something in his tone told her to go with him, so she did just that. She followed Ace, Leopardhead brought up the rear, the threesome shortly came to a large hut like structure at the southern base of the Tree. Stepping inside, Crane saw it was a smithy of sorts. Two young women, like herself, were cleaning blacksmith tools, while a third was cleaning something consisting of armor, armor that Crane had never seen before in her life. A beautiful shade of green and brown with red and black accents. Next to it was a second clothing dummy, with a beautiful magenta robe of sorts to either wear under the armor, which Crane saw had no sleeves, but it did have a pair of vambraces. The armor was quite beautiful, and from what she could see, consisted of cloth, with metal plates of ultra thin silver steel woven into the fabric so expertly that only a armorsmith could match it in China. Ace stood next to her as she studied the armor. The two that were cleaning the tools saw them enter, one of them greeted the boys. \"Ace, Leopardhead, good to see you two. Who's your friend ? Is she the one Tootles spoke about, said to make this for ?\" The girl, named Lexi, said, indicating Crane, who was now directly in front of the now finely polished and gleaming armor. \"This is Crane\" Ace said, introducing the three girls to Crane by name, pointing them out one by one, Ere, Davey, and Lexington, the last of whom everyone called Lex. Ace called them their resident weaponsmiths. Crane merely nodded in greeting, too focused on the armor, the beauty of the armor stole her breath. Lexi stepped up next to Crane, \"It looks right enough.\" She said softly. \"What ?\" Crane asked, clearly confused and partly startled at Lex's words right next to her, normally Crane was much more observent then normal people. How Lexi got so close to her so quickly and quietly she'd never figure out. \"Tootles insisted we make that armor, said it was for someone inportant. My guess is, that is you.\" Lexi replied, she clapped her hands twice, Davey and Ere both ushered Ace and Leopardhead out. \"Come, Let us help you try it on for size.\" With the boys out Crane nodded. Removing the outer robes of her clothing her undergarments were black ultity clothing. Black in color with trims of gold. Like leather to the touch yet strong like steel, or similar. Over the black went a pale pink dress. What she normally wore, as she never wore pants if at all. Over the dress went a leather halter top, with a wide leather belt. The armor top went on next; it was as light as Crane had thought if not lighter. Pale green in color. The armor fit snug to her body and never limited her movements whatsoever, it was light and very comfortable. The thin strips of steel, polshed and woven into the cloth of the armor she barely felt, but she did see the armor shift when she moved in the mirror. Lastly went the vambraces. Since Crane was barefoot and not wearing her normal shoes, the girls had made shoes of cloth and leather that fit her feet perfectly. The armor felt as if she were wearing a second skin. And she had little need to worry now of Hooks weapons. She put the vambraces on herself, they fit snugly on her arms, and one of them covered her scar only so far. She felt it bleed a bit more as the cool metal met the sticky crusting blood. She then put her dark magenta cloak on over her new armor. Now, she was ready. A harness had been constructed to hold her sword hilt at Tinks information on the weapon. Due to the swords length, the harness was made with flatspace technology, something only Lexi had knowledge of. Crane could easily put her sword on and easily withdraw the blade and also put it away as the scabbard disappeared into the flatspace harness. Crane stared at herself in the mirror. She felt at ease now around the Boys, and their female friends who made her new armor. She finally nodded softly, \"Thank you. It is a perfect fit.\" she said Lexi smiled, \"We are glad you like it\" the other two girls with her didnt speak but nodded. Lexi was the one who spoke for them as Ere had her tongue cut out by Hook a year before, and Davey didnt dare speak even though she had her tongue. \"How does it feel when you move around ?\" Crane took a few steps around the smithy, then spoke \"Asurprisingly light, it is like a second skin or dress I wear back home.\" she said \"Well, it is yours now, no doubt about that. Ace, Leopardhead, come in boys. Your armor is also ready.\" Lexi said going to the door, when the boys entered Leopardhead smiled, he liked Crane already. Ace simply nodded approval. Their own armor was similar in color and design to Crane but not as embellished. Just as light and strong, the three were ready for Cranes plan to spy on Hook, maybe cause a ruckus too. When they were all suited up in their new armor, Crane smiled, looking to the two boys she said \"Ready to hunt some Hook ?\" They nodded, they'd follow her lead. They were about to leave the Smithy when Ere stepped up, she had something in her hands. It was a pair of hidden blades, she had three pairs of them. As she neared Crane the whitehaired woman raised her hand to take one fo them when Ere shook her head and motioned to hold out her arm, the vambrace Crane then saw, had attachment points. Within a moment Crane was properly outfitted for silent striking. Ace and Leopardhead too were also outfitted with the new blades, blades they had trained with. Crane had only used the blades when inside the Animus, she had trained with the blades only in a memory like world. Never in real life had she used them, but they felt right. With a flick of the wrist and the silent blades extended, then retracted. She hadnt need of worry to practise with them. \"I was beginning to wonder when I was to get myself a pair of these.\" Crane mused as she admired the design within the blade edge. It reminded her of her sword. \"Now we can hunt Hook as you said it\" Leopardhead said with a smirk. \"Cant wait to use these in the field. Lexi, how many more suits can you guys make on short order ?\" \"We've been making armor since we arrived here with Tootles\" Lexi replied, \"We havent stopped\" she pointed out the many suits, various sizes. Seeing the many sujits of various sizes Crane whistled \"You've been busy, how long have you been here ?\" she asked \"Three years, when we first started we'd make a suit of armor in a few months, but once we knew what we doing we can make out a suit armor in several sizes in a week once we have desired measurements\" Apparently once the setup got going, it took less time to make a full suit like hers or the boys. Each set was complete, and had several backups for parts, or repair sets. Crane got to thinking, this was a nice neat setup, but to make it for an entire army they'd have to have other boys helping the three girls out. She nodded turning to Ace with her thought she asked \"How many of the boys know armor making or at least armor care ? Maybe forge swords and metal for smithwork ?\" \"Nine others I can think of off the top of my head\" Asce replied Crane nodded, that'll do \"After those nine come here, when they're here, we can get everyone fitted with armor, we might have to return to my world. Until I know what hook is up to I want the armor readied in case.\" She stepped out of the smithy still talking \"When Grandfather fought hook with you guys, you used bone armor, it helped until a sword stabbed it, when a sword cut it, it held, but when stabbed it did not. It was how you lost Rufio\" Mere thought of that damped the mood slightly but her information was correct, \"By going by his example, we know that the bone armor was useless against direct attacks, slices and hacking it defended pretty well against.\" \"But now these pirates are going against much tougher metal, they do not have armor piercing rounds, yet\" Crane mused as the three found the nine boys Ace was looking for and sent them to help the girls with the armor making, To have everyone suited up in three days was going to take some work, but to have transport to her world was going to be easy. All she had to do was open a portal to home. Now it was time to hunt Hook. Pirate City One hour later Full dark On the outskirts of pirate city Crane held up a hand, Leopardhead and Ace both halted. They had only come across Too Small, the news he bore scared Crane only slightly, but she sent the Boy to Thudd, for food, and gear. Not to mention training. Hidden in some bushes Crane took note on who was keeping watch of the city gates, there were only two men on guard duty there. \"I only see two men, but there's a third up in the tower.\" Ace pointed out the third man, Crane nodded \"I'll take care of them, wait here\" She said, She disappeared from sight then and darted forwards, easily scaling the wall she reached up and grabbed the man in the tower, choking him asleep on the floor before stomping on his neck, killing him. The two guards stood side by side watching the road that they never saw Crane drop onto them like a linebacker. Slamming both hidden blades into their necks they sank to the road in heaps as she dropped from the window without a sound. With the boys help they hid the bodies then stole deeper into town. Pirate city had truly grown over the last fifty years. Moving amid many of the shacks they were still in the outskirts, stepping into the nearby storefront the three soon dressed as pirates of arabian flaire and stepped onto the now loaded with people streets. They overheard snippets of groups talking about the strange sight in the sky, others talking of the boy being let go to tell the child of pan something or other. Others telling of how they were told to get ready for battle, none of the many pirates and wnches paid heed to Crane or her two cohorts for that moment. Ace lead the way through the crowds towards where Hook kept his ship docked, in the last fifty years the ship had been replaced, twice, with two different vessels, and now, Hooks current ship was being readied for war. It floated freely off the dock, nolonger did it have a second doorway onto the dock from his private chambers. The three stopped near a fish seller, most of the people paid them no heed as the three spoke quietly, Ace pointed out three weak points they could hit when Hook was distracted with Crane, \"There, there, and there, we hit those, his powder stores go up in smoke, he'll be too busy swordfighting you to notice us set the charges off.\" \"A good plan, but he'll notice something amiss pretty fast if you make a show of what you're doing, he took a while to notice me until I spoke and revealed myself.\" Crane said, Leopardhead was nodding, Crane was a babe alright. \"However if I can keep his eyes locked on me when we fight, we might be able to pull this off.\" \"There he is too\" Leopardhead nodded seeing Hook drinking from a wine goblet on his stateroom balcony. Looking at him Crane focused her sight. \"Wait here\" She said softly, she disappeared again into an alley, there was a soft bird chirp and then something flew off. Landing lightly, Crane was suddenly on Hooks ship near the top of the flagpole. She could easily listen into Hooks conversation, the two men he was with. \"The protal is almost ready, on the third day when combat is begun we can begin sending troops through to take her family prisoner.\" Crane heard \"Good\" Hook replied, \"The sooner the better, I want the offspring of Pan to feel defeat, if she cannot best me here, she'll have to fight for her home.\" he said, Crane smirked. Though was visbly worried. Leaving the conversation she dove off the ship and transformed again, a crystal dove flew off into the alley she had disapepared in, she returned to the two boys who were watching the ship carefully \"Did I miss anything ?\" She asked after she relayed what she overheard from Hook. \"Nope, I think we need to go, if hook is planning to attack your family in your world, we'll have to fight him there, as well as here\" Leopardhead said softly \"I agree\" Crane replied, Ace nodded. The three stole back through the city to get out and home to the neverland tree. Crane had a lot of planning to do[Chapter 4] The Crane vs The Hook Chapter 4 Margin of Error June 30th 2059 London England The last time my son and I spoke it was when Crane had left Pirate City after ovberhearing Hooks plan for her. She decided to return to the Lost Boys tree and get some much needed sleep. At that point I had halted; my son took me home, we had dinner with my wife and his sister. Then I went to bed myself But now I am waiting for my son to arrive to hear the next part of the tale. As he stepped into to the house and saw me, I saw he had with him a wristphone active and ready to record. I smiled. \" I see you are ready \" I said, he nodded. \" Good, let us continue... \" October 20th 2045 Lost Boys Tree Neverland Sunrise Sunrise found Crane awake, pacing like mad in her clearing, using her power over the Six Spirit Pearls, Crane had built for herself a small bed of a sort, normally on clear nights like the ones in Neverland, she liked sleeping under the stars. But now she was awake at sunrise, pacing, trying to figure out a plan, anything to warn her family. There had to be a way... As she paced orbs of energy floated around her, she recalled what she overheard from Hook, the rumors within Pirate City, they were molbising to go to London! Hook knew how to make a portal. Crane stopped and viewed one of the orbs as it floated within reach. The six Spirit Pearls floated around her freely. She held out her hand and they faded away, strengthening her anew. She sighed as Tink flew into view. \"Did you get any sleep ?\" Tink asked her Crane nodded \"Enough to make me feel rested; but what Hook spoke last night... Coupled with what Too Small told us\" Crane took a deep breath then slowly let it out. \"I think I need to send word to my brothers, they can at least be ready, we all do the same thing and spar constantly with each other. But how... wait its perfect\" Crane brought her hands into a strange motion, one on top of the other directly before her chest, Tinkwatched as light formed between her hands and a small disc was seen spining rapidly before it halted and Crane snatched it from the air. \"Tink, I got a job for you, up for it ?\" \"Yes, what do you need ?\" Tink asked coming to a landing on a rod Crane formed out of the earth. Crane held the disc to tink, now much smaller so Tink could easily carry it. \"I need to you to go to my world, deposit this in the drive of a Animus database system at my home in China. My brothers will receive the update from there. It will warn them, all you have to do is put this in the slot marked \"VCD\" and that's it; once my brothers wristphones and mobile Animus system gets ther update, the disc will disappear.\" Tink nodded and flew off like a shot. Crane smiled. Now she could rest easier. She watched as Tink faded into the sky. As she stood there Leopardhead found her watching the stars \"Man, you're up early\" He said Crane smirked, turning from the sky she turned to look at him, now dressed in a demure green and white hanfu outfit, Crane looked everybit a Chinese beauty model if not more. \"And you like to sleep in ?\" She asked him He nodded. \"I go to sleep late, I get late watch, I never was a morning person\" \"I thought so, the two on the gate we entered yesterday, they get morning watch. And when you get bored as you told me you go looking for girls to talk up when the armor smiths dont talk to you\" Crane smiled, Again he nodded, he'd told her that the nightbefore when they were on guard duty together \"So what happens now, Too Small isnt up yet, he's too freaked out to get away from the Tree, Thudd wont let him out of his sight now.\" Leopardhead told Crane everything he'd witnessed the night before going on watch. Crane nodded. Turning to where her armor was on a dress dummy nearby she held up her hands, as Leopardhead watched Crane spoke as her armor broke apart and reformed piece by piece, thread by thread, onto her body. She had truly mastered her power now. \"Hook wants to fight me with my family as the bait, he wants me to do the wrong thing, he wants me to suffer.\" \"But you wont let him will you ?\" Leopardhead said stepping up to her \"I mean think about it, you got us, and your brothers and cousins back home right ?\" She nodded and sighed \"Yes, but if they will listen to my advice I sent with Tink, I do not know if it will work\" \"It will\" Leopardhead said, his words rang true, her brothers always tried the latest update to their games. And her 'update' was really just a install of herself needing their help, and to give advice. She used a name from an old book she once read, the name she used was Master Crane Robe. An ancient scholar of a sort. \"Though I must ask, what did you send Tink off to do ?\" \"To warn my brothers and cousins, Grandpa knows I am here already, I hope. But what my brothers and cousins dont know will hurt them, knowledge is power, I sent them warning of Hook coming, to get ready, to hide, Hook wants Grandpa, mother, uncle and everyone else, he'd care less of young boys. I told them where to go. A friend that lives near where we are staying. They can help.\" \"He may not care of young boys or most children, unless they are your family\" Leopardhead said, a word of wisdom, Crane took a deep breath then let it out. She nodded \"Which is all the more reason that my brothers and cousins get my update and heed my instructions to flee to Nadia's house while they can\" She said, Leopardhead nodded, the name felt familiar. Seeing his reaction she said \"Is everything alright ?\" Leopardhead nodded and found a chair to sit on. He sat down heavily. His eyes distant. Finally he spoke. \"I had a sister once. Her name was Nadia, my twin sister\" \"I thought you looked familiar, Nadia always spoke of a brother she never had, kept dreaming about him, you.\" Crane said, she described Nadia, aside from her light brown hair and deep green eyes, she was identical to Lekopardhead \"What is her brothers name ?\" Leopardhead asked her \"John.\" Crane replied, \"She calls him John, but her parents refuse to speak about him citing some weird event where he disappeared or was kidnapped.\" \"Tink found me, I was lost, a newborn, apparently left for dead outside my parents home or some place, according to Tink she took me here, cared for me.\" leopardhead said. Crane was quiet as John explained himself, he pretty much poured his life story to her. \"Ace was the first friend I ever made here, he's my only confadante here; its like we're telepathic too, we can read each others thoughts\" Crane smiled and set a hand on his shoulder, \"Dont worry, when my brothers get my information it will allow me to connect directly with them, I want you there; hopefully they will be at Nadia's house by then and able to connect to her system.\" Leopardhead looked confused at what she was saying but nodded in agreement \"Alright, if it will make you feel good, sure I'll be there... wherever it is you want me actually\" he had no idea what Crane meant by system or talking to her brothers. \"When do I show up ?\" \"Soon as this goes from red to green that my brothers are connected to the Animus, and thus downloading my update for them\" She hled up her right arm, a black bracelet Leopardhead saw for the first time, it glowed with something akin to glass \"What is that ?\" Leopardhead asked, having never seen any form of technology on Neverland outside of recent pirate arrivals. \"A wristphone, I have two of them one for each hand\" Crane replied, she put her hands together as if cupping some water and a green framed pane of glass seemed to fade from her wrists to float over her hands, the screen itself was blinking in red, showing a \"NO SERVICE' warning. But as she had said, when that went from red to bright green, she had a connection to her brothers machines \"So for right now I have time to kill\" Crane said Leopardhead nodded. \"So whats the plan ? Spy on Hook some more ?\" \"Maybe, but I got a better idea, come on.\" She reached out a hand, though slender Leopardhead saw that she was strong as all fuck. And; one second the two were standing in her clearing, the next thing he knew, he was up in the clouds and standing on one! \"What a rush!\" Leopardhead said, the two of them stood upon a cloud far above Neverland, almost as if flying. But how they could stay on the cloud so nicely and safely was beyond the young mans comprehension. \"Why are we up here ?\" \"Hooks men mentioned a portal being built, I want to know where it is.\" Crane said, \"We got exactly two days left before we fight Hook, and he moves through the portal for my home.\" \"So when we find the portal whats the plan ?\" Leopardhead asked. Watching Crane doing things beyond him meserised him beyond his own ken and he loved every second he could spend with her. \"First thing is first, we observe, see their progress, maybe hinder if we can\" Crane said, \"the main thing is to find it. And if we cant find it then we're sunk deeper than the titanic in the Atlantic\" Crane grumbled. Even on the cloud she couldnt find what she sought. December 23rd 2045 Kensington Gardnes Banning Residence Dawn broke with a silent alarm as the wristphone of Edward woke the young man up, the twenty two year old man, Cranes oldest brother looked at the clock, six oh seven am, an Animus update notice. The size of which he saw needed a Animus access key directly to the thing, wifi wouldnt cut it. \"Hey... hey Cony, wake up bro\" Edward said giving his much younger brother a shove out of the bed, the younger Han boy hit the floor. Conner, six years younger than his brother, and two years younger than Crane grumbled from where he landed \"Call your shots will ya Bro ? Geezuz... wait what ?\" His own wristphone vibrated on his arm; upon accessing he too saw the update, their handheld units couldnt take it. But he did see who it was from. The latest update, curtesy of their sister. \"Well what do you know, Crane came through after all with that update\" \"Why so early though ?\" Edward grumbled \"Dunno dont care, this new guy, Master Crane Robe, its a big update too; Crane Manor two gigs... huh... \" Conner mused \"Nadia should be up about now, normally last few years she brings stuff over for breakfast every visit on the twenty third, today\" Edward said thoughtfully as he got up out of bed to get dressed. Edward always slept without a shirt on. A few moments and the two young men were in the kitchen taking in the smells of fresh cooking food. With Christmas in two days the two boys found their sister gone when their parents got back from the opening of the hospital party the night before; none of the boys saw Crane leave but their grandfather did something to cheer up their mother who now puttered around the kitchen with her mother to cook breakfast as Nadia saw the two \"You're late, I got the update ready to go at my house, your cousins are waiting, best you hurry, I'll be right with you\" Nadia said. Edward thanked her and the two boys took off once they got their shoes and coats on. Nadias house was only two doors down. And Edward saw Ben waiting for them as soon as they left their grandpas house. \"Been waiting long ?\" Conner asked \"Nope, just got in and thought to see if you were coming or if Nadia was. Turns out her Animus is PWPed on us and we cant get the update until she signs in to unlock the thing\" Ben replied, the oldest of the cousins at twenty three had a thick beard growing, his dad didnt bother to make him shave. At least he kept it neatly trimmed... Edward nodded \"Yeah, Nadia said she'd be right behind us once Grandma and Mom were cooking with what she brought over.\" Every year the six of them normally went for a walk that ended at Nadia's house. It was a good hour long walk around London that ended at Nadias, and then their grandparents place for lunch. \"Best we go inside then, cant freeze to death out here, Nadias got the new set up too so we can all hook in and have a digitial entry like a VR world or some such\" Ben said, Nadia had been doing upgrades for the Animus software, and part of it was a setup to let more than one user at a time use a single animus. Basically daising a connecting to allow up tro six people on one Animus with the right software. So even without Crane with them, they could all get the update. Passwording an Animus was the normal thing, normally by time they to it Nadia had it ready to go, but with this update she forgot apparently. \"Oh good you're here. Shame about Crane disappearing though, she said this was from her and its important so lets get to it\" Nadia said from Edwards left, appearing seemingly out of nowhere the young woman went to the nearby holographic keypad on the wall and typed in her password once the boys looked away.. James steppted out of the bathroom as the password locked door opened for them to enter the Animus room. Once inside the four boys and Nadia took their seats at their respective desks, Apparently the update was already running on the desk Crane used but the boys couldnt see anything because the screen was glitching and showing their sisters personal crest apparently. The nine pointed crystal had red barbs on it to show it was loading the file. \"We're in; downloading update\" Nadia said. It wasnt long before the five were in the Animus playing their favorite pastime, Ultimate Deathmatch on their favorite map The Winter Court... October 20th Neverland Sky Leopardhead noticed it first. The red glow changing to green and blinking. \"Looks like you got service.\" he said as Crane raised her hand and smiled, with a nod the two were suddenly back on the ground. \"Is there a area I can set up; the clearing is good yes, but for this kind of thing I need something with access to the beach\" She said, Leopardhead nodded \"I know just the place, follow me.\" He said, Crane smiled again, almost snickering at times over the ten minutes it took to get to where she desired. A good run of Ultimate Deathmatch. Nadia of course won. Her brother Edward came in second \"Good, they're ready and the update is active. Ready ?\" Crane said, a snap of her finger and she activated a holographic interface pane and quickly built a room for the two of them around them both. Just a basic plain dark walled room with a few lights on the ceiling to see when inside. Her magic, and the technology made fully interactive holograms. \"Dont move; I want you to be there with me when I speak to my brothers. They should be coming up the path there any minute now, watch for them\" And watch for them Leopardhead did, within a minute Crane had furnished the 'house' in a Chinese style design that made it seem that they lived there. \"You can explore the place if you want to though.\" The hardlight technology she used to create the place was all in part to the update she made, and her own abilites. About a moment later there was a knock at the door Edward 'woke up' first once the update went through, they had played a match in Winter Court, the five of them, then the update floated over theitr heads with the notice of it being ready to activate. Stepping through the door lead them into the mess of white and gold lines and seemingly endless Memory corridoor until the plexus overtook them and they passed out... wait did they pass out ? Ewdward saw his brother Conner waking up, dressed in his favored setup and avatar, the Courtesan was good for him and he'd colored the outfit to his own desires. Dark gray and green, almost like a evergreen tree in the winter time. Edward looked over to where Nadia stepped into view, it was strange waking up like that he could see the confusion on her face; the avatar the woman used, the Priest was colored to match Edwards own dark brown and white pattern of a Sentinel The other two, their cousins and in Nadias case, her friends, Benjamin and James, were in their own avatars of another priest and what looked to be another Courtesan only this time colored in brighter blues and greens. They were all there. \"What a trip\" James mumbled, his avatar's female voice speaking his mood off the bat \"I agree\" Came the oddly male voice of Nadia's priest avatar. Man Animus games were fun when came to picking avatars. Edward himself chose his favored avatar, a Sentinel, with a set of abilites of both disguise, throwing knives, and Animus Hack. Somehow he found himself facing off briefly against pirates like those his grandfather fought against, and when he'd vanquished the last one Edward found himself waking up in the plexus of the memory corridor. \"Either way we're all here ?\" he said \"Yes\" Came the voice of Benjamin, two women, both of them Courtesans, two Priests, and a Sentinel. What a bunch of rejects, Edward found himself thinking. \"Come ion, the update should be ready shouldnt it ?\" Ben said \"It should be... there\" Conner pointed towards a place where the plexus loading screen began filtering into a path of a mountainous vale and valley, within seconds they were enveloped in the plexus of movement beofre the plexus faded away. The five where in a town. A Chinese style town from long ago. \"Wander about, lets see whats here\" Edward said, the others agreed, Edward did the obvious thing and took to the rooftops. His brother went and wandered into a nearby crowd and listened to them speaking. Normally they did this to learn about the area they found themselves in with any new updates they got. With Edward locking sown the viewpoint above that left the brothers of Ben and James, and also Nadia to mingle with a passing crowd and for Nadia to blend with a group of men relaxing next to a tea shop But it was Conner who got the first tidbits of info. \"They say\" Said one of the other Courtesans in the group Conner mingled with. \"That Master Crane Robe resides in a nice home. Strange technology he possesses too\" Strange technology... could be Cranes wristphones, Then again with the Holographic interface pane to make fully interactive hardlight holograms in real time as well as access the animus through them was another thing entirely. Once Conner couldnt get any further intel he broke off from his group and went to another, it was a repeat of what he'd already received before heading towards his brother and climbing a viewpoint. \"Word on the street is that Master Crane Robe has technology beyond this time period\" Conner reported to his brother \"Her phone\" Edward replied, Conner nodded. \"Find Nadia, I'll find out what I can, then meet you at the town entry, good luck\" Connder nodded again and performed a Leap of Faith off the viewpoint, a moment later his brother did the same and headed off \"That should do it\" Crane said, they were now within the Animus. They just had to pick their avatars now. Perfect. She turned to leopardhead. \"pick one\" she said indicated the panel, on the wall seemingly through a window was a group of characters to pick from, Courtesan, lady Black, Trickster, Priest, Wayfarer to name a few. Crane had shifted on a nother panel to some more Chinese like avatars and chose a female lookalike pretty much and went with that one Leopardhead found one he liked, a scholar of a sort. Once selected he felt a brief tingle on his arms. Looking down he saw he had the sleeves of the avatar he'd chosen on. Crane smiled, pointing towards a mirror Leopardhead saw himself, or rather his avatar.; Could he recolor it ? Nah he decided to leave the coloration as was; an older monk of a sort \"Perfect\" Crane said, she checked the clock. \"Almost time. Come on, elts go outside into the garden to wait for our guests. I have some practising to do\" To the outside, for the Lost Boys if any came upon the location they were hiding it wasd just dense foilage. Leopardhead nodded and the two went outside. It was then he saw that even then her work of art extended further than the home they resided within. A beautiful landscape surrounded them \"Am I dreaming ?\" Leopardhead said simply \"Mhm\" Crane replied He looked at her confused \"When the Animus connection went live and I created the house on the inside it knocked you out and connected to you. As of right now, we're in a dreamstate but connected to the Animus directly. We should be coming across my brother, or one of my cousins... now.\" She said At that exact moment a voice rang behind them \"Excuse me sirs\" it was a womans voice. Crane never turned around though Leopardhead had, and briefly looked confused, \"Yes ?\" Crane said holding up a hand for Leopardhead to remain quiet before he tried to usher away the young woman \"Master Crane Robe I presume.\" The young woman said, trust Conner to pick out his favorite avatar Crane mused \"Speaking\" Crane replkied still never turning to face her brother yet. He had no idea she was still female. All the other avatars in the town the update created spoke of Master Crane Robe as a recluse and scholar. But none hinted at the sexual level of who Master Crane Robe really was. \"What can I do for you young miss ?\" Crane said turning to face her brothers chosen avatar. \"Most of us were thinknig you were male, glad to prove I was right.\" Conner replied. \"Yes, those in town dont know me. They have never seen me before, you; and Master Leopard here, are so far the only two\" Crane replied. She spotted four others coming in a group with three other avatars chosen at random, the three others turned at the corner and kept goiing on the road while the four broke off and all but ran over the fence and up the path towards them. \"I see these have also come for aid ?\" \"Come for more, we seek Master Crane Robe\" edward said, Crane smiled \"And you have found her\" She said simply, the four bowed in greeting. \"Good, you're all here.\" She then said What did she mean ? \"What ?\" It was Nadia who asked the question, her arms crossed, the hat on her head granted enough shade to cover her face in shadows. \"We're barely awake and we get this update, and find you, whats going on ?\" \"War is coming, and if you are not prepared, your family will be in great danger\" Crane replied, she repeated what she had heard, using the title Hook Handed Devil in place of Captain Hooks true name. \"Wait, let me get this straight\" edward said \"Crane sent us this update, but its a warning ? Our family is in danger from an old enemy, a hook handed devil... Ah fuck... You mean Grandfathers old enemy dont you ? Wasnt he slain by the Croc Clock ?\" \"Yes, he was, but he came back. Master Leopard here was briefly his prisoner. I rescued him.\" Her eyes then shined gold, they recognised her. \"Hello boys. Nadia. I see you got the update, good, when its done the mission will play as normal when you revisit it later but ruight now listen carefully, Hook is building a portal to return to our world, to you guys. He wants me to make a wrong move but I want to be ready for him\" Crane went on to explain her plan, her brothers and cousins could keep track of hooks movments in the real world for her until she arrived. \"From what I see he has many pirates now under his command, we will be hard pressed to defend Grandfather from his wrath. I will try to delay him here if we can find his portal in Neverland\" Edward held up a hand, but it was Ben who spoke,. \"neverland, so its true about the note you sent to Grandfather ? What was it ?\" \"'Tink was here'\" James said, he'd overheard his aunt and grandfather talking the night before when Crane disappeared. Crane nodded \"Indeed she was, she led me to Neverland\" Crane explained \"But what about this update ? How were you able to get into it ?\" Conner asked \"Simple; I made part of it; I have access to its core code. Which got me in here. Now, when you replay this mission this conversation wont happen. Instead it will be the normal as coded conversation as per the original plan\" \"So what do we do ?\" Edward asked, Crane was the planner \"You five must protect Grandfather, Grandmother, Uncle, and Mother as best you can. When the first sign of trouble appears sneak out to Nadias home and wait for me there. When trouble arrives access the Animus, I will receive the notice on my wristphone that Hook or some of his men have arrived at home.\" \"Alright, so what happens now ?\" Nadia asked this time. James liked what he saw so far and kept watch. \"For now, continue with the main mission in this update, I have to go, I need to spy on Hook some more and try to find his prortal to so we can try to delay his arrival If I cannot delay his arrival I will send notice through the Animus, keep your wristphones with you at all times, when you get the notice, get to Nadias house and wait for my arrival there. Hook is coming, we have to be ready.\" With that the mission reset and the world dropped away from them all at once In the clearing at Neverland Leopardhead sat up with a jolt as the greenery surrounding them faded away into normal natrual beachside. \"What a dream\" \"Yes it was wasnt it ?\" Crane said, Leopardhead turned to look at the young woman, had he been still dreaming he'd thought he was looking at her avatar of a young woman dressed in a red corset inlaid with jewels and and black bodice to cover her chest and legs like a jumpsuit, her armor was gone \"So those were your brothers huh ?\" Leopardhead said. Crane nodded \"Those are them, well, two of them are my brothers, the other two are my cousins, one is a friend\" Crane replied \"They're nice people\" \"At times. Sometimes, not so much.\" \"Can I ask you something Crane ?\" \"Sure\" \"When you first came here, what did you really want to do here ? Why did you want to come here ?\" \"Well, that is a good question\" Crane said looking towards the sea. \"When I was first told of Neverland by my grandfather and mother, I've always wanted to explore it, to be here to explore, to learn to survive. Then Tink came to my grandfathers home, wanted me to come here with her. My thought then was to face Hook, a challenge worthwhile, something to prove that I had what it took to take on the hunter of my grandfather.\" She sighed \"But now ?\" \"Now... I dont know. I thought I trusted my answer, my initial motive for coming here. But...\" \"You miss home dont you ? Your parents, your brothers.\" Crane simply nodded, for a long moment she said nothing, finally she looked to Leopardhead. \"I trust you, Leopardhead, with my life. Because I trust myself to trust you. I need to know truthfully, can we find Hooks portal within two days ?\" Leopardhead tried to smile but shook his head \"We cant\" he said, a soft smile then graced his face \"But I know a guy in Pirate City who we can see. If there's anything happening there, he'll know it\" Crane smiled, \"I'll follow you\" She said simply, Leopardhead nodded, taking her by the hand the two ran down the beach of neverland towards Pirate City Pirate City Unknown warehouse At that same moment Hook paced in the office space of the old building his men had taken for the inital portal construction location. \"It is not large enough to transport ships\" he complained seeing the thing, could transport it looked, about a dozen men at a time. \"Where the target destination is, transporting ships cant really happen sir\" Said a Somali pirate next to him. Hook looked at him confused, the man continued \"Where we are going technology far surpases that of Neverland, when we get there the guys on the other side will have secreud for us a beachhead, which will then include transports, and the means to take over a small city on the other side.\" Hook smiled then knowing what the man meant \"Alright, I can work with that, what is the progress ?\" He asked \"As of right now we're able to transport supplies through. A few times we sent men to secure a beachhead. According to the guys coming back at times to return with supplies we send through they go forwards about two months in time\" The pirate said, \"According to some of the men, its snowing in the area where the beachhead is located.\" \"And where is that ?\" \"London, near a thing called the London Eye\" The pirrate also smirked \"Its a gang heavy area as well. Not many stick around long after dark there.\" \"Good!\" Hook said with a happy nod \"How long until we can send more men through to secure things on the other side ?\" \"Half a day at the most sir\" \"Good, at this speed half our forces will remain here to combat the Lost Boys, the rest will go through before the battle here begins. When the time is right I want the spawn of Pan to know defeat before I head thruogh.\" pirate City At that same moment Leopardhead knocked twice, then twice more, then once. Crane thought it crazy yet it made sense; a coded knocking. The pirate that opened the door stared briefly before looking left and right tobe sure they werent followed \"The hell are you doing here Leopardhdead ?!\" Mack asked \"If Hook ever finds out I spoke with you\" \"Hook at this moment is the least of our concerns, espeically yours. Hook is planning something, he wants to leave Neverland, we dont know how he plans to do it but we're assuming a portal of some kind\" Leiopardhead explained Mack stared at Leopardhead \"How do you know about that ? Hook kept it a closely guarded secret, not even I knew about it until he needed me to supply lumber and energy resources\" \"I overheard him planning; he wants to go to London; he wants to leave Neverland forever\" Crane said Mack looked the young woman over carefully \"So yhou're the woman Hook is upset about ?\" She nodded \"Alright I'll help you, Hook has the portal near where the old Croc Clock used to be. Its a big building, he designed it more or less as a courthouse of a sort in order to hide his true intentions.\" Crane snickered, a courthouse in Pirate City, who knew! \"As far as I am aware, the place is heavily guarded. Good luck getting in\" \"Thanks, we only needed to know where the place is located\" Crane said, Leopardhead nodded as Crane spoke, she turned to him a devisous almost truly evil smile on her face they had a plan ","Summary":" The Crane vs The Hook Chapter 1 Grandpa Peters Grandaughter June 22nd 2059 London England From the "},{"Movie":"Teen Wolf","Title":"save me!","Author":"kaali black","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13132239","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Bonjour, cette histoire va parler de sujets assez violents et choquants. Je conseille au personne souffrante de ses problèmes de lire cette histoire, elle peut vous aider. Personnellement ca ma beaucoup aidé. Sinon bonne lecture. Ça fait maintenant 1 mois que Stiles à été sauvé du kitsune maléfique, ses amis et lui sont encore en deuil pour la mort d'Alison et Aiden mais malheureusement le jeune Stilinski est sans aucun doute le plus affecté part leur mort, chaque jours de se derniers mois, il s'en veux d'être le plus faible, il aurait aimé être fort pour que le kitsune ne le choisisse pas. Scott et Lydia eux aussi sont affecté par leur mots mais ils décident de passer à autre chose sans savoir que Stiles est au bord d'un gouffre qui risque de l'aspirer. Pdv extérieur : On est lundi matin, quand le réveil de Stiles sonne indiquant qu'il est 6h30 du matin, Stiles mets du temps à ouvrir les yeux car cette nuit il n'a pas beaucoup dormi, il a encore fait des cauchemars et des crise de panique après ses cauchemars mais avec un peu de courage, il réussit à se hisser en dehors de sont lit et se mets sur ses pied avant de commencer sa routine matinal. Pdv Stiles : Je commence à peine à dormir profondément, oubliant ses horribles cauchemars et ses crises de panique que je venais de faire quand tout à coup j'entend résonner dans ma tête un horrible bipement, je mets plusieurs minutes à comprendre qu'il s'agit de mon putain de réveil de merde qui sonne pour me dire qu'il est 6h30, et donc je dois me lever pour recommencer une journée faisant semblant d'aller bien alors que j'ai qu'une envie. De mourir! Mais bon je me reprend vite et avec le peu de courage qu'il me reste, j'éteint le réveil et me hisse sur mes pieds. Une fois debout je me rend vite compte que si je veux tenir la journée il va me falloir du café! Beaucoup de café! Donc je me dirige vers la porte de ma chambre, passant devant le miroir accroché sur l'un des murs je constate que j'ai l'air d'un zombie, j'ai le teint pale, les lèvres sèche, les cheveux en bataille et d'énorme poche violacer trône sous mes yeux, digne d'un panda. Je chasse assez vite cette image de ma tête, sort de ma chambre et descend prendre du café, je descend tranquillement quand je remarque que mon père n'est pas la, je regarde de plus prêt et remarque un petit pense bête collé sur la cafetière, je m'approche et lit dessus (désolé fiston il y a plus de café j'irais en acheter se soir en attendant j'ai été appeler au poste très tôt donc passé une bonne journée XXX). Et c'est à se moment la que je comprend que je vais passé une journée de merde, j'hésite actuellement à me rentre au poste comme ça avec ma batte de base-ball pour défoncer mon génie de père, mais en y réfléchissant à deux fois c'est peut être pas très diplomatique du coup à la place je vais débrancher de câble de la télé et comme ca il pourra plus regarder le foot. Du coup tant pis je remonte dans ma chambre sans manger et me prépare très vite pour aller en cour. Me voilà de nouveau au lycée, je gare ma jeep et commence à marcher vers l'entrée, je suis littéralement dans mes pensé à tel point que je ne remarque même pas que scott s'approche en courant et me plaque au sol. Je mets plusieurs secondes à réagir et comprend vite que j'ai faillit me faire écraser par une voiture car je m'étais arrêté net au milieu du parking, je remarque bien que scott essaye de me parler mais je suis trop sonné pour lui répondre, mais il me remets sur pied et je commence à aller mieux. Pdv Scott : Ce matin je suis plein d'énergie et enthousiaste de revoir mes amis, je marche tranquillement vers le lycée quand je vois Stiles avec une mine de zombie marcher les yeux dans le vide au milieu du parking, quand tout à coup il s'arrête et reste planté la sans bouger, c'est comme si il rêve. Je vais pour crier son prénom quand je vois une voiture qui ne l'a pas vue foncer sur lui, je mets une seconde à réagir et fonce sur Stiles pour le pousser de la trajectoire de la voiture, je le plaque donc au sol et voyant qu'il est absent j'essaye de le faire revenir à lui. Scott : Hey Stiles répond moi! Stiles! Stiles : Ouais Ouais ca va. Je... Scott : Stiles t'a faillit te faire tuer là! Stiles: Oui j'avais remarqué, j'étais dans la lune j'ai pas fais attention ou j'allais. Scott : Ta vue ta tête, tes sur que ca va ? Stiles: Ouais Ouais t'inquiète pas mon pote. J'ai pas beaucoup dormi c'est tout, j'ai voulu me regarder tout les Harry Potter en une fois. scott : Ha ok je vois. Tu me rassure. Aller vien Lydia, Kira et Malia vont nous attendre. Stiles : Ouais ta raison. Je vois bien que Stiles ne va pas bien mais je décide quand même de le croire, je vais quand même le surveiller pour vérifier que ce qu'il ma dit est vrai, je m'en voudrais qu'il lui arrive quelque choses. Pdv Stiles : Je suis pas sur mais j'ai l'impression que Scott n'a pas très bien gober mon mensonge, j'ai intérêt de faire attention pour ne pas qu'il se doute de quoi que se soit. Et il faut surtout pas qu'il en parle à Lydia, Kira et Malia, sinon je suis fichu, elle vont me questionner toute la journée et jouer les mères poules. Du coup je dois tout faire pour leur prouver que je vais bien, ce qui n'est pas gagné d'avance. Déjà il faut que je fasse mine de rigoler fasse à l'incident de ce matin. La journée à été horrible, littéralement, des la première heur de la mâtiné on nous a rendu un examen de maths et figurez vous, j'ai eu 6, attention pas 6/10 mais 6/20. Et c'est pas tout, hier soir j'ai complètement oublié de faire mon contre rendu de biologie qui veut dire que j'ai eu un avertissement, mon père va littéralement me défoncer. Le point positif c'est que je me suis plutôt pas mal débrouillé pour cacher ma dépression actuel, enfin sauf ce midi, je n'ai rien mangé, j'ai rejoint Scott, Lydia et Kira à la table mais je ne me suis même pas payé à manger, je suis resté planté la devant eux à regarder dans le vide sans rien faire. Mais bon bref. Mon dernier cour de la journée vient de se finir je décide donc de partir le plus vite possible pour rentrer chez moi car je n'en peut vraiment plus, je me sens pas bien je me sens vide de sens et j'ai besoin de me sentir vivant mais je ne sais pas comment y parvenir. Pdv Lydia : Je trouve que Stiles est très étrange en ce moment, mais je n'arrive pas à savoir pourquoi. Il n'a vraiment pas l'air bien et je ne sais pas comment c'est possible mais quand je suis proche de lui je ressent la même chose que je ressent quand des personne vont mourir. Ça m'inquiète énormément de plus ce midi il n'a rien manger et l'incident de ce matin, il nous cache quelque chose c'est sur, peut être que son père ne va pas bien ou que un membre de sa famille est très malade ou mort, enfin j'en sais rien mais je décide d'en parler au autre. Mais avant je vais d'abord en discuter avec Scott après tout c'est son meilleur ami, au moment ou je décide d'aller parler à Scott, je vois Stiles sortir du lycée pressé, je ne comprend pas mais cela ne m'inquiète pas plus donc je me mets à la recherche de Scott. Une fois avoir trouvé Scott, je l'emmène dehors pour lui parler. Lydia : Scott es que je peux te parler de quelque chose s'il te plait ? Scott : Oui bien sur Lydia, pourquoi ca va pas ? Lydia : Oui ne t'inquiète pas c'est pas de moi que je veux parler, c'est de Stiles. Je le trouve franchement bizar en ce moment, ce matin et ce midi je comprend pas ce qu'il a mais je m'inquiète vraiment beaucoup Scott. Scott : Oui j'ai remarqué aussi et j'ai pensé à quelque chose, de toute évidence nous ne savons absolument pas ce qui cloche donc on va le surveiller. Mais il ne faut pas en parler à Kira et Malia pour listant. Je sens que quelque chose ne va vraiment pas mais il est si étrange que je ne comprend pas. Lydia : Le but n'est pas de te faire angoisser mais quand je me tiens prêt de lui je ressent des choses. Scott : Quel genre de choses Lydia!? Lydia : Les même chose que je ressens avec les personne qui vont mourir, mais c'est pas pareil ce n'est pas le kitsune ni une maladie qui affecterait sa santé, je dois t'avouer que je suis perdu. Scott : Oh mon dieu, je sais pas quoi dire. J'ai une idée, je vais passé chez moi et après je vais lui rentre visite et je passerais la nuit avec lui pour essayer de comprendre. Lydia : Oui c'est une bonne idée, tiens moi au courant. Scott : Oui t'en fait pas je serais avec lui j'te le promet. Lydia : Merci Scott. Scott : C'est comme un frère pour moi je m'en remettrais pas si il lui arrive quelque chose. Lydia : Oui je sais. Pdv Stiles : Une fois dans ma jeep je démarre et rentre chez moi rapidement. Une fois dans mon salon je remarque une bouteille de whisky vide sur la table de la cuisine, je m'approche doucement et vois mon père complément saoul devant les photos de ma mère décédé. Cette image tourne en boucle dans ma tête pendant plusieurs minutes avant que je puisse avoir le courage de bouger, je suis effondré mon père n'avais pas touché à l'alcool depuis plusieurs année et voilà que ca y ca recommence. Je ne supporterais pas que mon père re tombe dans l'alcoolisme mais malheureusement c trop tard. Sous le choc je le laisse en plan commence à pleurer toute les larmes de mon corp et monde en courant dans ma chambre, je remarque de la fenêtre est ouverte comme d'habitude car mes amis loup garou ne savent pas prendre la porte d'entrée. Je décide de dire à voix haute. Stiles: j'ai passé une très très mauvaise journée et je suis crever, donc je recommande au possible loup garou dans cette pièce de s'en aller très vite car je suis pas d'humeur! Vraiment pas, donc à moins d'avoir envie que je vous tabasse avec une énorme branche de sorbier enroulé dans du Guy et imbibé d'aconite tue loup allez vous en! Ne remarquant aucune réponse je commence à de nouveau pleurer et part dans la salle de bain dans l'ambition de prendre une douche, mais au moment d'ouvrir le tiroir je tombe nez à nez avec une ville boire de lame de rasoir toute neuve à mon père, au début l'idée me semble stupide et irrationnel, j'avais déjà envisagé cette solution après la mort de ma mère, mais je la trouvait trop barbare et douloureuse, mais je suis bout de solution et ca semble convenir à la situation, je prend donc la boîte, sort une lame et la range. J'enlève mon tee shirt prend la lame et... Fin du chapitre, j'espère que ça vous aura plus, Dsl pour les fautes d'orthographe et de syntaxe mais j'ai fais de mon mieux. J'essaierai de poster le chapitre ceux se soir ou demain pour que l'action arrive car Dsl dans le chapitre il y avait pas beaucoup d'action Dsl. Aller kiss[Chapter 2] Bonjour à tous, nous voilà dans le chapitre 2 de sauve-moi! J'espère que ce chapitre vous plaira et je tiens à m'excuser des fautes d'orthographe et de syntaxe qu'il peut y avoir. Attention dans ce chapitre il y aura des scènes choquante comme la mutilation, le suicide ou des paroles violentes et vulgaires très détaillés pour certaines. Pose la lame de rasoir sur mon bras gauche. J'hésite quelques minutes et pour essayer de me dissuader je la repose sur le rebord de lévrier et vérifie que la porte de la salle de bain soit bien fermé à clef. Mais même en faisant ca je décide quand même de prendre cette fichu lame et la repose sur mon bras, plus précisément sur mon poignet. Je prend un grande inspiration, enfonce la lame profondément et tire un trait lent en appuyant de plus en plus fort, je vois la chair s'ouvrir et les tissus ouvert s'imprégner de sang, ce qui me fait comme un bracelet, la douleur est horrible et insoutenable mais si libératrice, c'est la seul douleur que je suis en mesure de contrôler, c'est moi qui décide ce que je ressens à tel point que une fois fini je ne me rends plus compte que je pleure encore. Je regarde mon bras et vois un quantité de sang énorme couler. Je n'aime pas la vue du sang mais cette fois ci cela ne me dérange pas. Je respire de nouveau et me rend compte l'ampleur de la situation, je panique, range la lame et rince mon poignet. Au moment où je remets mon tee shirt je trébuche et m'ouvre un peu la pommettes, je sais pas trop ce qui se passe mais je vois la porte s'ouvrir avec une force sur humaine. Pdv Scott : Sur les avertissements de Lydia, je passe très vite chez moi prendre quelques affaires et file à vitesse sur humaine chez Stiles. Je passe par la fenêtre pour pas que son père ne se pose de question et me cache dans le placard pour lui faire peur quand il rentrera. Je l'entend monter, mais je sens de la tristesse et de la colère, je ne comprend pas mais je me cache dans le placard quand même, il arrive dans sa chambre en pleurant et en remarquant la fenêtre encore ouverte, lance une menace comique. La situation me déchire le coeur, le sentir à bout sans le voir, mais j'avais quand même envie de rigoler de sa menace. Je décide d'attendre et de voir, je l'entend partir s'enfermer dans la salle de bain, j'attend quelques minutes pour m'assurer qu'il ne revienne pas et j'en profite pour sortir du placard, une fois dehors je sens une odeur de sang, je ne comprend pas d'où ça viens mais je sens du stresse et de la peur et d'un coup j'entend un grand boum venant de la salle de bain, et l'odeur du sang augmente. Je panique et défonce la porte de la salle de bain. J'entre et vois du sang plein le lavabo et Stiles allongé par terre inconscient la pommettes en sang, je m'approche de lui et vérifie qu'il n'ait pas de commotion cérébrale ou le crâne fracturée, c'est bon il a juste la pommettes abîmée, je le porte comme une princesse et le sort de la salle de bain pour le posser sur son lit. Pdv extérieur : Scott regarde une nouvelle fois son ami pour vérifier son état, et sentant qu'il risque de souffrir, lui prend une partie de sa souffrance. Après il se lève et retourne dans la salle de bain pour trouver de quoi le soigner, il commence à ouvrir les tiroirs et fouiller chaque boîte pour trouver des compresses et des pansements, la lame de Stiles est rangé dans le même tiroir que se dont Scott à besoin. Il ouvre le tiroir en question est prend l'une des boîtes, il l'ouvre et voit pleins de trucs de premiers soins. Il prend ce qu'il faut, range la boîte et soigne Stiles. Une fois Stiles soigné, il range la salle de bain et nettoie le sang, il est 18h30 quand il fini de nettoyer et au même moment Stiles reprend doucement conscience. Pdv Scott : Je fini de nettoyer quand j'entend Stiles reprendre conscience, je regarde mon téléphone, il est 18h30. Je pars m'asseoir à côté de lui et vérifie qu'il aille bien, un énorme bleu c'est formé autour de la plaie et les bords de son oeil vire encore au violet. Je repense à toute la journée, le comportement de Stiles, la discussion avec Lydia, et ce qu'il vient de se passer juste sous mon nez. J'attend qu'il soit en mesure de m'entendre et : Scott : He Stiles... Stiles... réveille toi. Stiles : Huummm... Scott : Tu sais où tu es ? Stiles : Humm... Scott : Tu sais ce qui c'est passé ? Stiles : Ouuaaiss... Scott : Tu t'es cogné la tête sur le lavabo en glissant. Stiles : C'est tout moi. Scott : Tu te sens bien ? Stiles : Ouais Ouais t'inquiète pas... Je vais bien. Scott : Mouais. Ta quand même failli mourir 2 fois aujourd'hui. Stiles : Le karma! Scott : Ouais je karma, comme tu dis. Sinon sur quoi tu as glissé tout à l'heure ? Stiles : De l'eau je pense. Scott : Tu pense ? Stiles : Nan! Nan je pense pas c'est sur! Scott : J'ai pas trouvé d'eau quand j'ai nettoyer la salle de bain ? Stiles : Elle a du sécher... Scott : Qu'es qui ta mis dans cette état ? Stiles : Descend dans la cuisine tu verras... Scott : J' peux le sentir d'ici. Je suis désolé. Stiles : C'est pas ta fautes. Je préfère changer de sujet si ca te dérange pas. Scott : Ouais t'en fais pas. Stiles : Je vais allé me coucher si ça te dérange pas. Scott: Heu.. ok. Je ne sais pas réellement pourquoi mais je doute de ce qu'il vient de me dire, son poul c'est emballé plusieurs fois mais je préfère rien dire et voir ce qui va se passer. Le faite que son père ai recommencé à boire n'aide en rien les choses, nous devons veiller sur lui, j'en parlerais dès demain aux autres. Pdv Stiles : Qu'es que j'ai mal à la tête et mon poignet me brûle atrocement, je commence doucement à me réveiller et à remette les éléments à leur place quand Scott m'appelle pour me sortir de ma rêverie. Il m'a posé tout un tas de questions et je suis à peut près sur que mon poul c'est emballé plusieurs fois. Le point positif c'est qu'il n'a pas eu l'air de s'en apercevoir, je dois absolument faire en sorte qu'il ne voit pas mon bras, si il le voit ne suis fichu. Ils ne doivent pas savoir, lui et tout les autres. Je pense que j'ai besoin de dormir pour réfléchir à la situation et être en mesure de réagir convenablement. Bon bah nous voilà à la fin de ce chapitre, j'espère que ca vous as plus. Ce chapitre est plutôt cour mais ne vous inquiétez pas les prochains seront épiques. N'hésitez pas à laisser un commentaire ou un like. ","Summary":" Bonjour, cette histoire va parler de sujets assez violents et choquants. Je conseille au personne s"},{"Movie":"John Wick","Title":"Not with a bang, but a whimper","Author":"skullcandy11","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13090384","Passage":"[Chapter 1] CLICK The gun would have fired a bullet if the magazine was in place, but John had acted quickly, removing the magazine in the blink of an eye, and pulling the trigger in the second blink. Santino whimpered, realizing just how close he came to dying. He turned and walked away from Santino, and went straight for the bar. After getting his usual, he asked Winston for a private room in which he could have a discussion with Mr. D'Antonio. At this Winston looked wary, and finally agreed, on the condition that he could be present for the whole meeting, so as to stop John from doing anything rash. John didn't like it, but he agreed. Once they entered the room, Santino sat. He had regained his smug smile somewhere on the walk from the dining room to Winston's office. Once the three were inside, and the door was shut, Santino and Winston sat down while John just paced the room. Winston said, \"Well Johnathan, we are here, and no one else can hear you. What is it you would like to discuss with Mr. D'Antonio. \"I have nothing to say to him,\" John said with a gruff voice, \"I just wanted to see his face after I make this call, but I didn't want anyone else to hear what I have to say.\" Here, he turned and walked over to Winston's desk. He hit a button, and then set the phone to speakerphone. \"Operator, how may I place your call?\" \"I need to speak to the High Table Accountants.\" \"One moment please.\" This time, a new voice, \"This is the High Table.\" \"Yes, as of now, I am declaring Santino D'Antonio excommunicado given his lack of cooperation in closing a marker once the marker's guidelines had been met. Furthermore, after the completion of the marker, he left it open so as to try to stop the markee from killing him while he sent over 100 people after the markee.\" \"One moment...\" \"...Very well, your proposition is accepted. Please list your account number for the records.\" \"00...\" Winston started at how low John's number began. \"...00...\" Santino paled, realizing just how high up John Wick was in the Council if he had four out of five numbers start with a zero. Winston wondered about just who John really was, seeing as how his own number was 00-00-1. \"...0.\" Santino slumped down and moaned into his hands as he realized just how much he fucked up. Winston was shocked at the ramifications of that number. \"Thank you Provost John Wick, your decree has been recorded. Is there anything else you require of the High Table today?\" \"No, that will be all.\" \"Very well, sir. Have a good day.\" CLICK ","Summary":" CLICK The gun would have fired a bullet if the magazine was in place, but John had acted quickly, r"},{"Movie":"John Wick","Title":"Unexpected","Author":"Viko W","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12636963","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Lo que fue de John Wick si lograba conseguir un boleto a México al final de la segunda película. Unexpected. Baba Yaga jamás lo habría hecho, tal vez por eso lo hizo. Bailar la macarena y usar un bigote postizo, rizado y espeso encima del suyo funcionaba bastante bien. Despistaba. Así es como sobrevivía. Servir tragos en un pequeño bar mexicano en Cancún pagaba la renta de su pequeño apartamento, además de alimentar a su perro sin nombre (aunque bien podría llamarlo Buddy , desde que se dirigía a él de ese modo). Era una vida, no le iba tan mal… con excepción de los siete minutos de auto humillación que implicaba divertir a la clientela bailando la macarena sobre la barra. A John le iba moderadamente bien. De vez en cuando se topaba con algún conocido que siempre estaba a punto de descubrirlo pero que al final no lograba decidirse a sacar el arma y ponerle una bala entre ceja y ceja. John intentaba engañarse aludiendo al corte de cabello el despiste, pero era el bigote lo que lograba salvarle el pellejo... El postizo, claro. Además de fingir un perfecto acento latino al hablar el inglés. Algunas noches se sentía tentado, mientras le rascaba la panza a su canino compañero, de enviarle una postal a Winston dándole las gracias (porque sin dudas, la persona detrás de su milagrosa fuga y nueva vida como barman en México era él). No obstante, desechaba la idea poco rato después al llegar a la conclusión de que el hombre seguramente tendría a alguien de su entera confianza reportando cada minuto de su vida. Seguro Winston se desternillaba de risa viéndolo ridiculizarse con esos jodidos siete minutos. John le palmeó suavemente la panza a su perro. Esa noche había sido una de esas. Fin. ","Summary":" Lo que fue de John Wick si lograba conseguir un boleto a México al final de la segunda película. Un"},{"Movie":"John Wick","Title":"The Rome Hit","Author":"gunman","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12585909","Passage":"[Chapter 1] THE ROME HIT by Gunman Disclaimer: I do not own John Wick or its characters. Summary: Extended scenes of John Wick gearing up to take out Gianna D'Antonio. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX John arrived at JFK via cab, and was immediately shown to the private section specially reserved for members of the Continental. He was escorted, via private car, out to a private airstrip on the outskirts of JFK. The car parked right in front of a Gulfstream 500, a pilot wearing the standard flight uniform and a pair of sunglasses standing at the side of the stairs that lead into the plane. John thanked the driver of the car and walked towards the plane. \"It's good to see you again, Mr. Wick.\" the pilot said to him. \"Jeffrey.\" John acknowledged the pilot. \"And where are we going today?\" he asked the hitman. \"Rome.\" John said. \"Haven't been there in a while. Have you, sir?\" he said with a smile. \"No. I haven't.\" he said as he looked at the plane. \"New plane.\" he commented. \"Hotels get facelifts. Planes, get replaced.\" Jeffrey stated. \"Of course.\" John said as he walked up the stairs into the Gulfstream. Jeffrey followed him in and headed to the cockpit. John went over to the middle seat, nearest the wings, on the right side, and sat down. The fine leather was soft and comfortable. It looked like it had been newly polished and treated. A beautiful and shapely stewardess, with short black hair and tanned skin, approached John, giving him a small bow. \"Good afternoon, Mr. Wick. My name is Mindy, I'll be your stewardess for your flight.\" the woman said. \"What happened to Sarah?\" John asked. \"Came down with the flu two days ago.\" she replied. \"I see.\" he nodded. \"Can I get you anything before takeoff?\" she asked. \"Bourbon.\" he answered. \"Ice?\" \"Yes.\" \"You have your choice of meals today.\" \"What do you recommend?\" \"The steak.\" \"Medium well. Onions on top, vegetables on the side.\" \"Of course, sir.\" Mindy said as she headed back to get his drink. John sat back in the fine-leather seat of the G500 plane, taking a brief moment to enjoy how the plane looked, smelled and felt. It wasn't what he usually did, but he had taken time before to admire the facelift that the New York Continental had received when he last visited it. Even if it was four years ago. Mindy brought John his drink, seated comfortably on a tray. \"Prepare for takeoff. Flight time to Rome will be approximately 8 hours. Please sit back and enjoy your flight.\" Jeffrey said over the intercom. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX (Rome, Italy) After checking in to the Continental, John set about to gather his necessary resources. His first stop, The Cartographer. John entered the small bookstore and approached the lone middle-aged man (if the graying parts of his hair and beard were any indication of his age) in the gray suit and pants, white and black sweater-vest, spotted tie and striped long-sleeved shirt, who had been reading peacefully before John arrived. \"Mr. Wick.\" the Cartographer said as he smiled at the assassin. Having been called ahead, the man knew why John was there. Without a word, John was lead to the back of the shop, where the Cartographer opened up the rear wall, to reveal a large hidden room. Inside the room were several special books and maps, and a few other interesting trinkets, such as a suit of armor in the corner. \"I am quite excited to show you something.\" the Cartographer said as he hustled himself over to the work table. He flipped a switch, and the table itself lit up with a bright, but not blinding, light. \"First...\" he said as he reached for the maps. The first one he pulled out looked very old, like an ancient parchment of some kind from the days of Ancient Rome. \"This is the original map of the D'Antonio estate. Here, you have all the ancient ruins.\" he said as he waved his hands over the archaic map. \"This, of course, is the topographical map.\" he said as he carefully slid it aside and pulled another one up to the table. \"This is the map of the temple and catacombs underneath.\" he said as he showed John the map which was more of a side-view of the temple and grounds of the D'Antonio estate. John could see the catacombs that ran underneath the temple estate, which showed several entrances and exits, as well as at least two different levels of the catacombs themselves. That was good to know. The Cartographer then set the ancient second-map aside, placing it onto another table, and reached under the table itself to grab something else. \"And this, is the modern blueprint.\" he said as he pulled the blue-paper and white-outline map of the D'Antonio estate and catacombs. The details were finer and much more easy to interpret. That, and there was writing to indicate what was what. \"There are one, two, three gates.\" he said, pointing to a specific are, which lead out to a street that John was familiar with. \"You will need to pass through all three to reach the catacombs.\" The Cartographer then stepped back and pulled something out of a drawer that was behind him. It was a set of very-old looking keys connected to a large talisman-like keyring. These were the keys to the gates that lead into the catacombs. John looked at the man as he fished something out of his pocket. \"Well done.\" John said as he handed the man three gold coins. He then left, with the blueprints and keys in hand. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX His second stop was to The Tailor. John entered the textile mill and approached an Asian-looking woman in a colorful apron, as she was working on a new dress. He pulled out a gold coin, placed it on the table, and slid it over to her. The woman took the coin, then got up and lead John to the back of the mill. The seamstress lead John to a row of suits and other hanging clothes, before turning a corner and approaching two men wearing black suits, guarding a finely polished pair of wooden doors. She flashed the gold coin and the men immediately opened up the doors, allowing both the woman and John to step inside a large room that was much higher quality than the rest of the mill. To the right was an open bar with several varieties of liquor, and glasses, on it. Straight ahead of him were a pair of comfortable-looking couches, in the middle of several glass cases and a closet-row full of shirts and pants. Some of them had weapons. Between the couches, was a trio of full-length mirrors. Three men were at the back talking when John and the seamstress walked in. The head tailor looked over and smiled as he approached John. \"Buongiorno, Signor Wick.\" a middle-aged and balding man in a fine suit said as he extended his hand to John. \"Ciao, Angelo.\" John said as he shook the tailors hand. \"Welcome back to Rome.\" Angelo said in English. \"Would you be in need of a new suit?\" Angelo asked in Italian. \"I am.\" John replied in English. \"Right this way, please.\" he said, leading John over to the full-length mirrors. John removed his current jacket and put on a special tailors jacket that they used to custom-make their customers orders. \"Tell me, Mr. Wick, is this a formal event of a social affair?\" Angelo asked as he took John's measurements, and passing them off to his assistants. \"Social.\" John replied, staring himself in the mirror. \"And is this for day or evening?\" Angelo asked. \"I need one for day and one for night.\" he said. \"In what style?\" \"Italian.\" \"How many buttons?\" \"Two.\" \"Trousers?\" \"Tapered.\" \"How about the lining?\" \"Tactical.\" \"We have just the thing.\" Angelo said as he instructed the seamstress to give John a demonstration. The seamstress took a gun, a Heckler and Kosh according to John's eye, took aim, and fired at one of the jackets hanging on a torso-mannequin figure. John watched as the seamstress then took the jacket off the figure and brought it over to Angelo. \"Silicon carbide discs. Ceramic matrices. Accompanying laminates. Cutting-edge body armor.\" he explained as he removed a thin piece of material that was inside the jacket's lining. \"We just sew it between the fabric and the lining. Zero penetration.\" he said as John examined the material, which had several bullet slugs ingrained into it, but did not show any sign of breaking through. \"However... quite painful, I'm afraid.\" Angelo said with a wince, indicating that the bullets would not kill him, but he would be bruised and injured. A trade-off. John thought as he listened to what Angelo was saying. The material was thin, so it wouldn't kill him, but he would feel it. And he was fine with that. \"Could you do a rush order?\" John asked. \"I sure can. Where would you like to have it sent?\" Angelo asked. \"The hotel.\" he said. \"Certainly.\" he said with a nod. \"I can have the evening suit sent there in a couple of hours. The day suit, of course, will arrive there shortly afterwards. Unless you want them both at the same time.\" \"I'll need the evening suit as soon as possible.\" \"Of course.\" Angelo said as John handed him five coins. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Johns final stop was to The Wine Steward. Returning to the Continental of Rome, John immediately went to the concierge. \"Can I help you, Mr. Wick?\" the beautiful dark-skinned woman asked in a rich voice. \"Is the sommelier in?\" John asked Lucia, the Continental of Rome's concierge. \"I have never known him not to be.\" she replied as she pointed to his office. Turning several corners and into the back of the hotel itself, John stepped into the private room that was set up for both wine and weaponry. He walked passed several tables, on top of which sat many expensive-looking and fine bottles of wine. He made his way into the center of the room, where a serious, yet calm-looking man in a suit, with a gold medallion around his neck, was examining a new handgun he had just received for his armory. The sommelier turned and saw John approach his main display table. The table itself was simple and rectangular, but had a row of lights emitting from the edges so as to illuminate the merchandise set up on it. \"Good afternoon, Mr. Wick.\" the sommelier said to John. \"It's been a long time.\" John nodded to the man before speaking to him. \"I'd like a tasting.\" John said simply. The sommelier smiled and then turned to the display cases to his right. \"Of course, Mr. Wick. I know of your past fondness for the German varietals, but I can wholeheartedly endorse the new breed of Austrians. Glock .34 and .26.\" he said as he pulled John's new primary gun and his backup. John examined the guns, checking the sights, feeling the hand grips, and the loading of the clips. \"Recontoured grips. Flared magwell for easier reloads. And I know you'll appreciate the custom porting.\" the sommelier said as John physically examined the handguns. John agreed with his choices. \"What's next?\" he asked. \"I need something robust. Precise.\" John said. \"'Robust. Precise.'\" he repeated, then raised an eyebrow as he smirked. He pulled a large automatic rifle from the row of weapons behind him and presented it to John. \"AR-15, 11.5-inch. Compensated with an ion-bonded bolt carrier. Trijicon accupoint with one-six magnification.\" he explained as John examined the weapon, feeling it light and strong in his hands. John set the weapon down on the table and turned to the sommelier. \"Could you recommend anything for the end of the night? Something big, bold.\" John asked. \"May I suggest the Benelli M4?\" the sommelier said to him. He handed John the automatic shotgun, the weapon itself looking more tactical than a standard shotgun that John had used before. He had, of course, used a Bernelli M3 before, but this was a little different. \"Custom bolt carrier release and charging handle. Textured grips, should your hands get... wet. An Italian classic.\" he said as John checked the reload function, cradling the gun a certain way so as to make it easier to reload the necessary shells without making it awkward to reposition should he need to fire off again quickly. He set the 12-gauge, semi-automatic shotgun on the table. \"Desert?\" John asked. \"Desert.\" the sommelier said with a smile. Reaching behind him and pulled out a case with several fine-looking knives in it. He pulled back on the top level, revealing it to be a split-level display case. \"The finest cutlery. All freshly stoned.\" the sommelier said with pride. John choose one of the knives and held it up to examine it thoroughly. \"I trust you're satisfied with your selections?\" the sommelier asked. \"I am.\" John said with a nod. \"Shall I have everything sent to your room?\" he asked. \"Yes. Thank you.\" \"Excellent.\" John placed several coins down on the table and then turned to walk away. \"Mr. Wick?\" the sommelier said, causing John to pause and look back. \"Do enjoy your party.\" he said. John nodded and then proceeded to his room. He would order dinner and take a nap so that he would be fully rested before his late night rendevous with Gianna D'Antonio. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Authors Notes: Just a little something I came up with after watching John Wick Chapter 2. The whole scene, or scenes, where he is preparing for his hit job on Gianna was just so cool. Like he knew everyone he was interacting with. Like it wasn't just a job he was doing, like he had worked with them many times before. And of course, there was the little matter of how he got to and from Rome from New York. There wasn't a scene where he took a plane or anything. So I just added something for him to use, namely a service that would be provided to certain people in the John Wick universe. I'm not really interested in making an additional chapter for this, seeing there to be very little variance from the movie itself. I just thought to do something else, since I already made a short story for John Wick. This was mostly for my own amusement. Please let me know what you think. ","Summary":" THE ROME HIT by Gunman Disclaimer: I do not own John Wick or its characters. Summary: Extended scen"},{"Movie":"John Wick","Title":"Defuse","Author":"Creepy Mae West Kozi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12604039","Passage":"[Chapter 1] John's vision tunneled; there was a low buzzing in his ears almost drowned out by the staccato beat of his blood rushing and boiling in his veins. Cordite burned his nostrils, the weight of the gun simultaneously hot and cold in his hand as he stood across the lounge from Santino D'Antonio. Winston was saying something to him – a part of John thought it curious that the manager's voice shook slightly when he had never known him to be anything less than composed - but John could scarce understand anything other than the bravado stretched thin throughout Santino's laconic taunting. John Wick failed to care about anything in that moment, save for the fact that the man he held responsible for destroying what had remained of Helen's home and Helen's art yet breathed. It was only the realization that killing Santino here and now would afford the Italian a technical win with the inevitable consequences that shifted his aim two inches to the right. There was a crack of gunfire as the bullet brushed Santino's cheek leaving a long red furrow. It served to shut the Italian up, brought fear into his eyes even as it leeched color from his flesh. For the moment, it served to appease the dark fury of John's rage enough to hear Winston's voice clearly once more. \"I am done ,\" Wick snarled, placing the gun heavily on a nearby table, pointing a quivering finger towards Santino. \"Consider carefully how little I have left to lose, and just why that is.\" Santino nodded jerkily in response. Wisely, he remained seated. Were the Italian to stand, John did not think he'd be able to stop himself, the instinct of a predator faced with fearful, fleeing, bleeding prey. With my hands, he had told Santino in the museum when the other had asked how he would kill him. John did not need the gun to do it. Winston was quickly at John's elbow, pressing a tumbler of bourbon into the tall man's bloodied hands, steering him from the room and muttering under his breath about cocky fools and close calls and carpet cleaning. John's gaze remained trained on the Italian who sat still and frozen like a frightened rabbit until they rounded the corner. John's dark gaze snapped unerringly to Winston who sat him down in a chair in one of the private lounges before taking a seat opposite with the air of a man trying to decide how to go about disarming a bomb. He watched John carefully for a long moment, before sighing, \"Jonathon...\" \"Santino D'Antonio will leave the country, or he will die,\" John stated shortly. \"Soon,\" he added, his voice leaving him in a rumbling growl like distant thunder. Winston could almost feel his grey hairs multiplying. \"…That will do little to halt the bounty on your head. Killing two holders of a High Table Seat will set the rest of them against you; you will be hunted for the rest of your life.\" John stayed silent, but he took a pull from his drink and closed his eyes for a long moment. Thinking. Some of the tension drained from Winston's shoulders - Jonathan thinking was a sign that the man was less inclined to finish what he'd started, Continental rules be damned. \"May I send the High Table a message?\" The banked rage had somewhat drained from Wick, leaving the injured man sounding tired. \"The Hotel does offer a courier service, you know that.\" John nodded. \"…Then …I would like to inform them of certain truths, and let the High Table make an informed decision as they will.\" Winston sat back steepling his fingers. \"How diplomatic of you,\" he remarked dryly, one eyebrow raised. John's answering glower told the story of the Hell he was prepared to unleash should the 'diplomatic method' fall short of his requirements. Winston shook his head, resigned – John Wick would drive him to drink if he wasn't already there. John Wick claimed Gianna D'Antonio's life as the price for a marker owed to Santino D'Antonio. Mr. Wick would like it known that he holds no grudge against the High Table, and that his anger towards the current holder of the Camorra representative seat is of a personal nature related to the desecration and destruction of the last mementos of his late wife, not one borne of politics. Santino makes arrangements to leave New York for his family's estate in Italy. His intention is to wait for things to cool off in the United States - to return once the contract on John Wick is completed. He does not sleep well. Ares remains State-side, comatose and on breathing assistance. Her condition is stable. She wakes up to find John Wick sitting at her bedside, the very picture of the Grim Reaper. Fucker, she signs, her motions sharp and angry for all that her hands tremble with the effort. Here to finish the job? \"No,\" he says shortly. \"Just letting you know that Santino has left you behind.\" He stands up and leaves before she can retort, and though she tries to deny it a seed of doubt sprouts in her heart. Cassian's reputation is almost repaired. His ward was killed under his watch - normally a career ending blow, particularly for as high profile a client as Gianna D'Antonio had been. But news spreads that he has survived being stabbed in the heart by John Wick, the Devil Incarnate himself. He keeps the fact that buying the man a drink is what saved his life, not any inherent indestructibility. There's a haze of anger that lifts when John hears the news that the video from his phone can be salvaged. The screen had been broken, but the data drive had survived. Uploaded onto a new device, he feels almost like a real person instead of an empty shell. \"What are you doing, John?\" \"Looking at you.\" Over the next few weeks he reclaims what he can from the burnt-out skeleton of his house. Most of the basement remains intact, and the insurance payout is enough to net him a new place (not a home, not without Helen to make it so). He gets some obligatory well-wishes from Helen's family - they never really liked him, and it's odd to hear from them at all. His interactions with them are stilted and awkward, peppered with will-you-be-alright and do-you-have-a-place-to-stay . He rebuffs them with one- and two-word answers, finding the concerns of these normal people to be almost alien in nature. It's a relief when they stop asking. He gets the news late, a text from an unknown number, though he suspects Winston or Charon. Santino D'Antonio is dead and Cassian is on the run from a High Table bounty. The price on his own head has been officially retracted. He feels nothing. The dog trots over to lick his fingers, and he feels something lighter. He is free. Notes: Some of the John Wick and Chapter 2 trailer tag lines have made puns on Wick's last name. Here he is defused instead of going off. (Well, more off.) I think it would be almost poetic if Cassian were the one to kill Santino in the end. Something to think about while I wait for the next episode of Midnight, Texas to air to see where that crossover will take me. ","Summary":" John's vision tunneled; there was a low buzzing in his ears almost drowned out by the staccato beat"},{"Movie":"John Wick","Title":"Foundation","Author":"Atticus Hill","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11274524","Passage":"[Chapter 1] DISCLAIMER: I do not own or wish to appear to be the owner of John Wick and any merchandise related thereof. AN: I love this movie, but I was fascinated by the fact that he had to dig up his gear before he could start his revenge. I kept trying to figure out why he would do something like burying his weapons and then this plot bunny was born and I just had to get it down on paper. I hope you all enjoy it! I knew something wasn't quite right by the third date. He was vague when speaking about his profession. He was in risk management, some sort of security, but when pressed about the name it was a company I \"never heard of\" or a place that \"didn't matter\". When I brought this up to my best friend she laughed and said he sounded dangerous. When I told my mother she frowned and said sternly he sounded dangerous. I tried to work up the sufficient amount of worry and caution that my mother thought I should have but I just couldn't. He was kind and romantic, calm and intelligent. He had a quirky sense of humor that could make me laugh out loud, even in public. He didn't feel dangerous. He just felt right. So I continued to date him, gushing to my friends about how perfect he was and defending him to my mother that he wasn't going to \"do something nefarious in the night\". Truth be told though, there was still that nagging feeling in the back of my mind. My mother may be over protective, but she had been right when she taught me to follow my gut. It had never been wrong before and mine had stuck around after that third date even through all my defending. So I started to be just a bit more observant when we went out. I began to notice little things. Valets refusing tips, people giving us a wide berth as we walked down the street, extra drinks or free desserts at restaurants. After a while it just seemed that we were perceived as a well to do couple that tipped generously and was kind so businesses would go above and beyond to keep us coming back. My worries waned and weeks turned into months, months into a birthday engagement, then finally a year. We went to this lovely French restaurant named Viande et legumes and were seated at a private table near the back. I could tell he had been planning this for a while because there was a short centerpiece between us, a bouquet of daises, and my favorite song was playing through the speakers softly throughout the entire room. It was beautiful and I felt special and loved. A waiter came over just as I plucked a bread stick out of the dainty woven basket. In his hands he had what was apparently a vintage 1945 Red Burgundy wine from France. We looked over the bottle, it was clearly expensive and not something that we needed to splurge on just for a one year anniversary, it was tempting of course, but with smiles we waved it away. The man insisted, practically pushing it into my fiancé's hands. The waiter then said something that seemed very odd. He had said: \"No please please take it, for gratitude\". I looked over confused when the answer was a firm shake of the head and a tight smile. The waiter blinked in disbelief a few times then visibly relaxed when it was reconfirmed that we just wanted the menus and we were really just there to eat. After he had left I asked what that was all about. \"Nothing,\" was the answer, \"my…employer thought he was a risk at one time. He wasn't so I didn't have to manage him,\" he gave a shrug that held more weight on its shoulders than it should have. When he looked at me it was with a firmly clinched jaw, \"It's fine.\" My breath caught in my throat and all the red flags popped up once more with a force as if they had never even left. 'It's fine', those are words that are paired with danger. Words that criminals yell into banks they are robbing: \"It's fine as long as you keep your head down!\" Words you'd tell survivors of a natural disaster: \"It's fine, we'll find out a way to rebuild it.\" Words I'd tell my friends after I visit my cancer specialist: \"I'm fine.\" I don't remember the details from the rest of the night, but I do remember that even with all those warning bells going off I never had the thought to run. I blame my father. My dad was a well-known defense lawyer. He represented anyone; he felt that everyone deserved a fair chance in the legal system. Our family, when we spoke about him to others, was proud of his compassion, work ethic and skills. We weren't blind though, outside looking in…he was shady as hell. Like I said before he represented anybody, even the worst criminals and gangsters in the city. And he could get them off too. Rapists, murders, drug dealers, sex traffickers, you name it, he defended it. So growing up I was around dangerous men. As I got older, I recognized they all had an aura that surrounded them and eventually I could decipher it and then know who I could be in the same room with alone. They were the ones I could tell about my school day as I made a peanut butter sandwich while we waited for my father to get home from some errand. Then there were the ones that weren't hostile, but they didn't want to speak with or entertain a young child either. Lastly, there were the men where the best course of action was to leave the house entirely and relax at the park. So if my fiancé did have some way of gaining money that wasn't exactly legal…it wasn't really a deal breaker. At this point though, I knew he was holding onto secrets, but I could smile at him while I made my peanut butter sandwich. Never the less, another month went by and I began to realize that the red flags were starting to pile up and my lack of answers was having a negative effect on me. I was beginning to become paranoid. Every gesture of goodwill was beginning to look like a payoff. Any second glance people took to look at us started to feel like we were being observed. It all came to a head during a winter break at his lake house. The cabin was beautiful. Large and well kept, this place showed off his wealth more than his everyday home did. When we walked in I was struck by the size of it, it wasn't built for a romantic cozy getaway, but rather it was a fortress. Large windows with thick double paned glass, security cameras inside the home, small locked doors that were too short to walk through and too many knifes, even for a gourmet kitchen. I stepped back outside and noticed multiple satellites on the roof, an odd periscope thing peeking out of the snow and a shed tucked away behind the garage. Warning bells, louder than they ever had before, went off in my head. I rushed through the front door and cried, \"Who in the hell are you?!\" He looked up, startled at my tone and puzzled by my question. He had taken out a bottle of wine and he held the corkscrew above the cork, \"Wha…\" \"You heard me!\" I took a deep breath and lowered my voice, \"Who are you?\" He cocked his head then said, \"John,\" a little amused. \"No no!\" I stalked over to him pointing, \"Who were you? Before all of this! Before me! Before us?\" I saw the moment my question clicked. His small smile fell, his eyebrows furrowed. He began to calmly push the corkscrew into the wine bottle. He watched his hands as he worked, ignoring me for a time. Then he looked up and said, \"I am John Wick.\" \"No!\" I had shouted, \"I mean-\" \"My name is John Wick,\" he interrupted me, his voice hard lined and stern, \"I don't have an alias,\" he narrowed his eyes and whispered dangerously, \"I am not afraid of anything.\" I just stared at him, wide eyed; I wasn't sure how to answer. I wasn't sure if there was anything to say. He looked at me for some time; he seemed to be debating with himself, wondering if I could handle more information. He blinked suddenly and apparently a decision had been made. He said softly, \"I do have another name. Some call me Baba Yaga.\" I don't remember leaving the cabin. I had though, I was standing in the snow, bent over, gasping for air like I had just been punched in the gut. In a way I had. I knew that nickname, had heard some of my father's clientele whisper it during meetings. As I got older I realized that name popped up everywhere. It didn't matter what side of town the thug was from, if their business was big or small, if they belonged to simple local street gangs or were part of a large cartel; everyone, sooner or later, spoke of Baba Yaga. The Boogeyman I was told later. My father told me to never deal with anyone who's been touched by Baba Yaga. Those were the only time my father actively refused cases. Over the course of years I learned that Baba Yaga was not the Boogeyman, but the person you sent to kill the Boogeyman. When I was a child I used to think that if you turned out the lights the Boogeyman crawled from the shadows. He lived there; I had been sure, waiting for you to be blinded by the dark so he could leap out and eat you. Just the name would make me tremble and I learned from other children at school I was not the only one. Just about every friend of mine had some version of the Boogeyman that gave them horrible dreams at night. He would crawl through windows on rainy nights I was told. No, said another, he hides in your dirty clothes. It didn't matter, I just knew this beast was scary and just about every person had experienced the deep down fear just the idea of him brings. So much so that even as adults when the word 'Boogeyman' is spoken it conjures up memories of that childhood dread. So now there I was, on some secluded frozen property alone with the man who could slaughter the beast that every human fears . This man, my John, terrifies and destroys the most heinous criminals that thrive off the protection and perceived danger that the night brings. And I knew, from my memories of the expression on my father's face that he was not some well-meaning vigilante. John Wick was not a hero. I lurched, vomited, then turned around and ran. John was sitting on the plush beige sofa when I returned, sipping wine in front of the fire. I said nothing, just walked over and found refuge near the blessed warmth. My teeth began to chatter as John stood up and walked into the kitchen. I could hear him moving about as I began to remove my sodden, muddy clothing but I didn't bother to see what he was doing. Once I was down to my panties and bra I sat on the floor and took a deep breath. John came back; he had a cup of coffee in his hands and a thick blanket. He covered me up, joined me and pulled me close. He sat quietly as I told him the story of what I knew of Baba Yaga. That was all that was said for the rest of the night. The next morning I woke before John. I thought about leaving, but really what was the point? I already had figured out he was into something illegal (granted, world class assassin wasn't what I expected) so clearly I wasn't a paragon of values if I was willing to overlook it. I got up and decided to see what was in the kitchen for breakfast. As I cooked I replayed John and mine's life together up to this point. By the time he came into the kitchen, yawning and scratching his belly I had made up my mind. I handed him his plate of waffles, fresh fruit and country ham, \"Are you still Baba Yaga?\" \"I've toned it down a bit, since I've met you,\" he looked up at me through the fall of his dark bangs as he picked up a grape. \" 'Toned it down a bit'? Really?\" I got my own plate and leaned over the island so I could be across from him, look him in the eye, \"Do you have your targets in a queue or something?\" He smirked, looking cool and handsome, \"Something like that.\" I took my time eating a bit. He looked at me for a while before he too decided to eat. It was a pleasant silence, no tension at all. Finally I said, \"I love you John.\" \"I love you too,\" he smiled at me. \"I want to live away from the city,\" I said sweetly, \"I think we should build our own place. Not in the country per se, but away from all the busyness.\" He put down his fork. \"Something we can plan from the ground up. Something unique.\" He sat back and crossed his arms, his expression blank. \"With a large basement, lots of windows,\" I smiled at him, \"What do you think?\" He cocked his head, \"I think that sounds fine,\" he drew it out. He sounded suspicious. \"Good,\" I began to pour us both orange juice before I spoke again, \"I want you. Just you. And I want you to have me,\" I looked up at him as I slid him his drink, \"I don't want Baba Yaga. I didn't fall in love with Baba Yaga. I'm here, with you, until death do us part,\" I lifted my hand and pulled off my engagement ring, \"But I will not marry Baba Yaga,\" I reached forward to hand him the ring but he grabbed my hand. He looked me in my eyes, his full of passion and he nodded once yes. He took my left hand and slipped the ring back on. \"I want two stories,\" he said, \"so we can have a balcony off the master bedroom. I think that would be a nice place to drink coffee in the morning.\" It took many months of planning and finding the right builders and securing the permits, but finally the day came that the foundation to our home would be poured. John came up that day, insisted that we be there. When I stepped onto the property there was a large black trunk next to the hole in the ground that would soon be our basement. Without a word he opened the box. The amount of guns that fit into it was astounding, up until this moment I hadn't seen John's tools of the trade. It made me uneasy, seeing how comfortable he was with them, but I didn't say a word. I just watched, wondering what on earth he was doing. He closed the box and pushed it into the hole. When he looked at me I understood. This was his promise that Baba Yaga was dead, put to rest, buried with his weapons and gold under layers of cement. I pray that he will never have to dig it up. ","Summary":" DISCLAIMER: I do not own or wish to appear to be the owner of John Wick and any merchandise related"},{"Movie":"John Wick","Title":"John wick review","Author":"Batfleck","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12377840","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello everyone and welcome to my first blog on this wonderful site. I'll try and publish stories here and there but my day is going well so far. I continued watching legends of tomorrow today which is great so far. I'm going to finish Star Wars a new hope today and then watch empire strikes back later. But I hope you all have a great day and I'll see you guys tomorrow. ","Summary":" Hello everyone and welcome to my first blog on this wonderful site. I'll try and publish stories he"},{"Movie":"John Wick","Title":"John on the run","Author":"erica.phoenix16","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12644874","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I don't own any characters. John Wick belongs to Summit Entertainment. As John and his dog found a place to hide , he wondered for what seemed to be the billionth time how he did get here? Then he remembered how that jerk of a gangster forced him back into the lifestyle and made him kill again all thanks to that accursed blood marker and though he had gotten his revenge, John Wick was in a place that no one would want to be in, hunted by the entire criminal underworld. As the assassin looked around his surroundings, he spotted some nearby clothes that had been hung out to dry. After making sure that no one else was watching and that his dog was quiet, John called on all of his skills and crept towards the laundry line, however just as he was almost there, he suddenly heard gunshots coming from all sides. Without wasting a second, John jumped out of the way and ducked behind several trash cans. Then he grabbed a lid and threw it at the assassins as fast and as hard as he could. As if it was straight out of a movie, the lid hit several of the hired assassins, threw them towards the right side of the alleyway and knocked them out cold. As the rest of the now stunned assassins turned to look at their fallen brethren in shock, John took advantage of the situation and threw several more trash can lids at his attackers. During the chaos of trying to avoid the various lids of doom, John noticed that several of their guns had dropped their weapons in the chaos. In spite of himself, John couldn't help but think idiots as he smirked. Once again, John drew on all his assassin skills as he picked up a trash can cover in one hand and a nearby long stick in the other hand. Using the trash can lid as a shield, John crawled towards a nearby gun as quietly as he could before using the stick in the other hand to bring the gun closer to him. As the assassin carefully dragged the gun closer to him, he prayed Please don't let it go off and shoot someone. Please don't let it go off and shoot someone. By a shear miracle, the gun didn't go off and John had his weapon. Feeling lucky, John picked up the gun and fired it into the group of assassins. Soon, John made quick work of them and before he knew it, all of the assassins were lying dead. John quickly hurried over to his dog before them hurried over to the clothing line and grabbed as many clothes that fit him as he could, packed them away and hurried down the street. As John Wick hurried down the road, he bumped into a woman dressed in black who yelled \"Hey, watch where you're going Jackass!\" John's dog growled at the rude woman, but the man himself, ignored her, he had bigger things to worry about. As he walked the crowd, the former assassin spotted several young couples and families all of them came up to him and asked about his dog. All the children loved the puppy and begged their parents to let them have one, some said yes and others said no. As John looked them all, he thought of his late wife, Helen and the life they could've had together if fate hadn't taken Helen away from him. Then just as things were starting to get better with Daisy, those punks broke into his home, stole his car and killed Daisy, the last gift that his dear Helen had given him. That was enough to temporarily come out of retirement and seek vengeance. After he got his vengeance, John adopted a new dog and hoped to go backhoe retirement in peace. Sadly that was not meant to be, since John's rampage of revenge reached that wretched Santino D'Antonio's ears and that gave him the idea to force John out of retirement. John and his new dog had only enjoyed four days of rest and getting to know one another when Santino appeared on John's doorstep with a demand that John go to Rome and kill his sister Gianna so that Santino could gain a seat at the High Table, the top criminal organization in the underworld. If it were up to the now on the run killer, John would've refused, but alas, John had made a blood oath with the jerk back in his assassin days and once one made a blood oath in the underworld, there was no turning back. So John did as he asked, but was he was angry that he had forced out of retirement again so John vowed vengeance on Santino and would not stop until he got, which he did! Sadly, the place where John took his vengeance was at the Continental, a hotel for criminals and one of the biggest rules was that it was forbidden to conduct personal business on the grounds of the hotel and the punishment for doing so was death. Thankfully for John, the owners and managers of the Continental liked him, so they gave him his dog back and gave a five minute head start before they placed a bounty on his head. So here was John with his dog, hiding in this city. Then he was brought out of his thoughts with a little girl's voice saying \"What's your doggie's name?\" John blinked as he saw a little blonde haired girl and a woman who appeared to be her mother approach him. \"His name is Keanu.\" John replied with a small smile. On the inside, he was guarded. One hand it was highly unlikely that any of the assassins out for his bounty would try to kill him out in the open and in front of all these witnesses. On the other hand, any one of the assassins after him could easily kill him from a distance without harming anyone else in the crowd, still he knew that not many residents of the criminal underworld wouldn't care if they hurt a group of innocent bystanders in an effort to get to him. Not wanting to endanger, the group of people, his dog and himself any longer, John politely said goodbye and hurried down the street with his dog. As the man and his dog walked down the streets, a new thought entered his head. Where are we going to spend the night? The former assassin wondered as he looked at his beloved pet. As he thought long and hard. He decided that he had no choice but to find a motel for him and his dog. Sometime later, John and his dog were checking in at the Good Times Inn . \"How long will you be staying with us?\" The Clerk at the desk inquired. \"Only for the evening.\" John replied evenly. The Clerk nodded her head in acknowledgment as she wrote down John's name in the guest booklist. Once that was done, the clerk handed John his room keys. A few moments later, John and his dog Keanu had settled themselves into their room for the night just as John had finished locking up all the doors and windows. Then he turned to Keanu and asked \"So, what would you like for dinner, boy?\" Keanu just simply wagged his tail in delight. As John prepared dinner for himself and Keanu, he suddenly heard approaching footsteps. At once, John became alert and hid Keanu in the bathroom. \"Stay quiet boy.\" John warned as he locked the bathroom door. As John grabbed a lamp and slowly crept towards the window, the sound of gun shots went off as the former assassin jumped behind his bed. Thinking quickly, John Wick searched the desk-draw and found a straw and several sewing needles. John ducked behind the bed, stuffed the straw with the needles. Lifting his head up, John put the straw in his mouth as his eyes darted in search of the culprit. As soon as spotted the bounty hunter, John blew into the straw and fired the needles! Right away, they hit their target who quickly dropped dead. For a moment, John allowed himself to feel a brief sense of satisfaction of hitting his target and then he remembered that he had a huge bounty on his head. Okay, time to check out now. John thought to himself. With that, the assassin quickly hurried towards the bathroom and unlocked the door. Keanu leapt up to greet him with several affectionate licks. \"Down boy.\" John ordered. At his owner's words, Keanu quickly sat himself down. Then, John grabbed Keanu's leash, hooked it on his loyal dog's collar and hurried downstairs to the main lobby with the key. Soon John and Keanu had quickly checked themselves out and had found themselves back on the street again. Damn those bounty hunters! Damn D'Atonino for dragging me back into this life! Damn Wilson for placing that huge bounty on my head! Damn them all! John thought to himself in frustration. Sometimes he wondered if taking his vengeance on D'Atonino was even worth it. Then, the former assassin felt a lick on his right hand. John then looked down to see Keanu rubbing up against his hand. In spite of everything, John Wick couldn't help but smile at his dog. Keanu knew just how to make him feel better. After a quick pat on the head and looking around to make sure that they weren't brining followed, John took Keanu and disappeared into the crowd. Where would they go from here? Where would they end up? Would they ever be safe again? As long as John and Keanu had each other they could get through anything and for now that seemed to be enough. Yes, I named the dog Keanu. Anyway, what do you think? Please leave a review. ","Summary":" I don't own any characters. John Wick belongs to Summit Entertainment. As John and his dog found a "},{"Movie":"John Wick","Title":"Playing Both Sides","Author":"ericaj318","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12372822","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Marcus, what did Viggo want?\" Harlee asked as he came back up to the bedroom. She had been very careful not to let anyone know she was there because their relationship broke assassin rule. Marcus sighed as he pulled off his robe and climbed back into the bed with her, opening his arms so she could fill them. Harlee did as he wanted and looked up at him, \"What is it?\" \"Viggo has a contract out for John,\" Marcus replied, his tone sour. \"Is it exclusively yours?\" she asked, knowing if it was John would be just fine. Marcus shook his head, \"No, it's open to anyone because it's time sensitive. They are going to expect you to participate.\" Harlee sat up and kissed his cheek before looking into his eyes, \"What do you want me to do?\" \"It's not up to me what you do, Baby,\" he replied as Harlee watched the tension fill his body. She shook her head, \"I'm with you so whatever you say is what I will do. I can make an attack look very good without resulting in death.\" \"If John doesn't know that then you might end up dead,\" he replied, his tone showing how scared that made him. Harlee smiled, \"I can find a way to let him know that we need to make it look good. I can even attack him in the Continental. That will let Viggo know how serious I am for the win.\" \"That is not a bad idea, Baby,\" Marcus answered as he pulled her back down onto his chest, \"What would I do without that brain of yours?\" \"Probably get yourself killed,\" she answered as she pulled up and leaned down to place her lips against his. He gave in until he had her on her back on the bed. \"Baby, I gotta get outta here so people don't get suspicious,\" she said as she was pinned down, \"And I would hate to fight you,\" she winked. \"I'm not gonna see your for awhile since we're about to be adversaries,\" he pouted as she pushed him off and got up from the bed. \"That'll make it all the better when we finish and if John can take out Viggo,\" she began, \"We won't have to run around in secret anymore. Now, go be a bad assassin while I check myself in to the Continental.\" \"Don't die,\" he warned as she pulled on her jeans and sweater. \"Right back at ya,\" she replied as she walked forward and pulled his face to hers, kissing him with everything she had before letting him go and sneaking out of his home. Harlee went straight to the hotel where she got a room and when she turned away from the desk, she saw John. \"Well, I never thought I'd see you back in these parts,\" she said with a coy smile. John smiled, \"Good to see you Harlee. I'm surprised you haven't moved up the ranks yet.\" \"I like where I am,\" she replied, \"See you later,\" she said softly as she left him to go to her room. She made sure to listen for his room number as she left. She spent the night getting her things ready to 'attack' John later that night. She knew he'd go out and try to take care of Viggo's son before he'd come back and sleep so she staked out his room and waited patiently until he left. Once he was gone, she slipped in and hid to wait for him to return. When he did, he was followed by the Doctor which meant her wait would be even longer. She sat in the corner behind the bed patiently until the Doctor left. As she was readying herself to make her move, a shot came through the window but narrowly missed John. Once he moved, she attacked. He was ready and he slammed her body back against the glass mirror hanging over the bed. She braced herself for the ground covered in glass before she fought back. She used all her body strength to push him off of her so she could stand back up and regain her balance. Once she was up, she held one finger in the air to let him know that he didn't need to move forward with the attack. \"What? You need a break already?\" John replied, \"The Harlee I knew didn't fight like this.\" \"We aren't going to fight, Bozo,\" she stated as she pulled her jacket back on, \"There are two things I'm going to tell you so just chill for a second, Ok?\" John nodded as he stayed put and waited on her to speak. \"I am not really here to kill you but I needed it to look like I tried my best,\" she started, \"I am seeing Marcus and he and I are going to do our best to keep you alive. Now, you need to knock me out cold and then you need to go to the Church were Viggo keeps his money. Make a statement,\" she stated, looking at him with a serious face. \"I have so many questions mostly involving how Marcus got himself a young woman like yourself but I don't have time now,\" he laughed, \"Are you sure about getting knocked out?\" \"It needs to look like I stopped Marcus from shooting you by attacking here, against the rules but you stopped me. I'm ready,\" she stated as she braced herself for impact. John looked around and grabbed a large vase which he smashed over her head causing her to drop. Marcus was watching through his scope and once he saw her go down, he packed up and continued to keep tabs on John. He had a feeling John may need him to take out a few more guys before this mission was through. When Harlee came to, her phone was blowing up with texts. One read, \"Please come take care of Marcus for me. It turns out he has betrayed me and now my son is dead an my most valued possessions are destroyed\" -Viggo. Harlee sat up immediately in a panic as she raced to the location Viggo had pinged in the text. When she got to the house, she pulled herself together quickly so she could look as if she was still on Viggo's side. When she entered the house, she saw Viggo first and then she saw two men and Marcus tied to a chair, covered in blood. It took every ounce of her training not to go to him. \"I'm glad you're here,\" Viggo said as he saw her enter, \"It turns out Marcus is a traitor and I can't let that slide so we need to make an example of him. Will you do the honors since he also messed up your chance at a kill last night?\" Harlee faked a devious smile as she pulled out a gun, \"I'm happy to but maybe one of those young boys you have here would like to have the pleasure. They could hold the gun right to his head,\" she suggested, sounding evil as she spoke. Marcus leaned over and spat blood on the floor, \"Harlee, I should have known he'd call you in to finish me off. At least I'd have the honor of getting taken out by one of the best,\" he spat. Viggo shook his head, \"You would like that wouldn't you, Marcus. Well, perhaps her idea was better. Boys.\" One of Viggo's men pulled out a gun and held it against Marcus' forehead causing Harlee's stomach to tighten for a moment. But Marcus was too quick, \"You think I'm going to go out on your terms?\" he challenged as he pulled the gun from the man and shot both of them before stepping up and pointing the gun at Viggo who looked at Harlee. \"Take him out,\" Viggo ordered, his tone filled with fear. Harlee smiled as she walked toward Marcus, \"Aw, I'm sorry bossy but I don't take orders from you anymore. You see, Marcus is my man and I would hate to see him die but we also know John would like to take you out himself so you get a 20 second head start.\" Viggo raced from the building immediately causing Marcus to finally fall down to his knees joined by Harlee, \"How bad are you injuries?\" she asked, holding up as much of his weight as she could. \"I'll live, Baby,\" he replied as he looked at her, \"That was good work back there. Think you could take me to the Doctor in your room at the Continental?\" \"Sure thing,\" she replied as she leaned forward and for the first time since they'd gotten together kissed him in public. ","Summary":" \"Marcus, what did Viggo want?\" Harlee asked as he came back up to the bedroom. She had been very "},{"Movie":"Hook","Title":"Never neverland!","Author":"Saige Akaluna 1","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11162748","Passage":"[Chapter 1] CHARACTER INFORMATION NAME: Scarlet \"pan\" Banning. HAIR COLOUR: Red. EYE COLOUR: Greenish-Grey. FAVORITE COLOUR: Forest green PERSONALITY: Loving to people close to her, fiery when threatened, and very protective about family and friends. ABILITIES: Can fly later in the story, hair changes colour to mood, and can sword fight better than most people.[Chapter 2] Our family was at a play where lil' bug was playing the part of our grandmama, but I was the only one who knew this. Right now the kid who was playing peter pan was crying. \"Boy, why are you crying?\" My sister, maggie, asked him. \"I was crying because I couldn't get my shadow to stick, besides I wasn't crying.\" \"Peter\" replied. \"I shall sew it on to you if you'd like.\" After \"wendy\" sewed peters shadow back on they traded names. \"I think that was perfectly sweet of you. I shall give you a kiss if you would like.\" She said to peter as she finished swing on his shadow l. He then stuck out his hand for the thimble. \"Don't you know what a kiss is?\" Wendy asked in confusion. \"I shall once you give me one.\" Wendy\" looked at the thimble on her finger, shrugged and handed it to him. \"Now I shall give you a kiss.\" Peter told wendy she then puckered her lips and closed her eyes. All peter did was hand her back her thimble. We all laughed at this. As peterturned to us said \"I don't ever want to grow up to become a man.*ughh* I want to stay a little boy forever to always have fun.\" As the play ended all the lost boys came on stage and started to sing. Fathers phone started to ring so he answered it. \"Brad.. yeah I'm at my youngest daughter's play... it's impossible I'm on a plane to London tomorrow with the family... a children's hospital... a children's hospital is dedicating an entire winter to granny wendy, brad-\" \"peter your missing it.\" \"Alright, meeting tomorrow at 8 a.m.-\" \"Dad, my game you promised.\" \"Listen its my son's baseball game tomorrow last game of the season I've got to be there, I promised. We will make it a short meeting.\" Father then whispered something to jack. At this point I just zoned out from the conversation to watch the play. TIME SKIP NEXT DAY. At the base ball game jacks team still didn't get iinto the lead. \"Come on jack you can do this! I believe in you!\" I yelled to him to him as he and his team went into the dugout, and jack went to home plate with a bat. Some man for fathers work came and started filming jack for father. Jack had two strikes and got ready for the last pitch. \"J-A-C-K! You got this! Just believe in yourself!\" I called to him as he nodded to the pitcher for the ball. It was a strike we all congratulated jack's team for a good try. As we were leaving i called to mother. \"I will stay here because I have a feeling that he will get here late.\" She nodded and told me to stay safe as her, jack, and maggie got into the car. Asbi predicted father was late when he go here I was sitting on the curb waiting for him to show up. \"Sup. Father your late and we lost.\" I filled him in as I got into the car to go home. \"Thank you scarlet.\" He called to me as he got into the car all I did was nod to him. Preview of next time. As we were on the plane maggie showed father a picture jay drew. \"That is beautiful sweetheart what is that?\" While pointing at the fire. Thanks for reading this story. ~~green apple-chan[Chapter 3] As we were on the plane maggie showed father a picture jack drew. \"That's beautiful sweetheart sweetheart what's that?\" Father asked Maggie while pointing a the most colourful part of the picture. \"Fire daddy.\" I zoned out at this part and looked out of the window and saw something twinkle next to me. I turned to look and saw it was a fairy looking at me. As it noticed I was looking at her. I started to wave at her in small gestures to get her to come closer to me. \"Hey little one I am scarlet \"pan\" banning just so you know.\" I said to her as she kissed my eyes and ears for some reason. \"Hello miss scarlet I am here to see if your father is on the plane to London.\" I nodded to let her know he was on the plane and told her. \"You can stick with me for a little while until we get to London.\" TIME SKIP I wasn't paying attention to what mother and father were saying all I noticed was that the door opened so I sliped through while uncle Tootles screamed \"It's snowing!\" I walked to grand mama Wendy's room to tell her that I met Tinkerbell on the plane. \"Grand mama I missed you.\" I greeted her as I walked into her room. \"As do I, fire fly. As do I.\" Wendy greeted back to me as I sat down on the floor and told her that father had turned into a pirate. \"Let's go down and eat grand mama.\" I called to her as I stood up and stuck out my arm for her to take. Dinner passed b like a blur and father, mother, and grand mama left to some party, so right now lil' bug, jay, and I went up to the nersery. I noticed they weren't going to sleep so I told jack \"Tell her a story while i go get a glass of milk.\" He nodded so I left to go get some milk for lil' bug. When I got back to the room it was a mess and jack and maggie were gone. When I saw a dagger in the wall with a note I screamed and ran over pulling out the weapon I grabbed the note and read it. At this point mothe , father, and grand mama were running into the room so I handed over the note to father and mother. Thanks for reading my story send in reviews and stuff. Green apple chan.[Chapter 4] I was crying while mother went to make tea, and grand mama and father started to talk. I was rocking back and forth mumbling about Tinkerbell. As father and I went into the nersery father made him and me a cup of whiskey to calm us both down. As I finished my cup of whiskey Tinkerbell came flying into the room. Father started to freak out saying \"Firefly from hell.\" Him and Tinkerbell started to move around the room until father fell into a crib. \"Oh it is you, but oh well you were always bigger than me. Hey scarlet!\" She ranted at father and called to me. Tink and father started a conversation about having fun like they used to but father didn't know what she was talking about. At some point tink knocked out my father and told me to think of a happy thought. I ws thinkin about when I became a big sister to the best little brother. \"Oh my pixiedust you can fly like peter pan!\" Tink exclaimed to me as I opened my eyes to see myself four feet off the ground without pixiedust. I started to carry father out of the window as tink yelled out \"second star to the right and keep going until sunrise!\" All I could do was giggle at her statement. thanks for reading my story and review. Green chan[Chapter 5] As we arrived into neverland tink called to me as I handed her my father because I was tired. \"Go to the lost boys and tell rufio that you are Peter Pan's daughter.\" I nodded to her and went to the large tree house type thing where the lost boys would be found. \"Hello where is everyone?\" I called when I landed at the base of the tree. A lot of boys came out of hiding, but one stood out the most he had red hair and looked to be the oldest around my age. \"Who are you girl?\" He asked me. \"Well I'm scarlet pan, you must be leader of the lost boys, huh?\" I said to him a I walked around him. I blushed as I looked at his outfit and body. I felt as if though we were ment to be together, but we never met before in our lives. \"Tink sent me to tell you pan is back and for you to treat me nicely.\" I said to him as a younger boy ran over to me. He pulled my pant leg for me to sit on the floor so I did. He kept touching my face, hands, and hair. He soon mumbled out to the other \"You look so much like peter...\" I giggled of a thank you as rufio skimed his hand on my cheek and said. \"We shall treat miss pan with the highest respect.\" Soon enough we were all settling down to go to sleep. I was lying in bed with rufio snuggling up with him to keep warm because it was cold tonight. TIME SKIP As I woke up at around four in the morning I noticed that I was rapped up in rufio's arms. As I turned to face him I saw that he was kind of hot in the morning sun light. I started to blush at my thoughts and tryed to wiggle out of his grip. All that I did was make his grip tighter when I tryed to get away. \"Rufio let go...please.\" I whisper to him as I shake his shoulder lightly. He just groans and snuggles further into my neck. I internally groan and say a few curse words, but soon fall asleep again. But this time I am gripping his shirt to me so that he wouldn't leave me when he woke up.[Chapter 6] Hey guys its green-chan and it want to tell you that this chapter will be in rufio's pov of when scarlet got to the tree and the next morning. Thanks for reading my story and I don't own hook only scarlet! As I woke up I felt as if though something was going to happen to day, but I paid no mind to it and pushed the feeling away. As I got dressed I called the lost boys to breakfast, and soon enough we were all training with our weapons. After training we all started to play games like tag, freeze, and around the world. While we were relaxing we heard leaves rustling as the wind wasn't blowing so we all got our weapons ready. After a few seconds a girl, A GIRL, dropped down from above and called out \"hello where is everyone?\" I nodded to the lost boys with my weapon up in alert, the boys following suit, stepped out and called \"who are you girl?\" She moved closer to me and replied to me \"Well I'm scarlet pan, so your the leader of the lost boys, huh?\" With a blush on her face she circled around me looking at my clothes. you know I fell as if though this girl and me were soul mates or something but we have never seen each other before. \" Tink sent me to tell you pan is back and to treat me nicely.\" Pockets ran up to her and tugged her pant leg. She sat down to get to his height pockets was running his hands over her face, hair, and hands. After a few minutes pockets mumbled to us \"You look so much like peter...\" Scarlet then let out the cutest giggle and said thank you. Without anyone noticing I walked closer and skimmed my hand along her cheek and said \"We will treat miss pan with the greatest respect.\" Soon enough we were all going to bed me and scarlet were snuggling up together because it was a cold night. TIME SKIP Scarlet was moving around to get away, and whispered something that I couldn't heard so I snuggled more into her neck more with a groan. Soon after this she cuddled closer to me and gripped my shirt so that I didn't leave her so I fell back to sleep to the sound of her breathing. ","Summary":" CHARACTER INFORMATION NAME: Scarlet \"pan\" Banning. HAIR COLOUR: Red. EYE COLOUR: Greenish-Grey. F"},{"Movie":"Hook","Title":"Never Too Old For Adventures","Author":"Villainluvr97","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12246847","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Peter Banning was on his way home to spend time with his six month old son,jack but he heard his phone since he was driving and risk getting a ticket. He parked his car near an alley way and continued his conversation,\"Look Brad I'm tired of dealing with the papers and please call me Good Bye.\" He said hanging up before Brad could object. He sighed and turned the car on until he saw something move around the dark alley,'Must be those dang cats.' Looking closer it happened to be a girl possibly three years old wearing a geared shirt,white pants that is covered in dirt,and long messy dark brown hair. Peter got out of the car and walked towards the little girl,\"Excuse me little girl.\" He said to her when she saw him and hid behind the dumpster. \"No your are your parents?\" He asked walking towards her again. She peek her head out and looked at him for a while,\"They left me.\" She said to Peter. When she said that Peter rubbed the back of his neck,\"You have someone who take care of you?\" He asks. She shook her head side to side just as he thought,\"You can always live with me and family.\" He said pretending to leave. \"If you want you know stay in a warm cozy bed and play with my son.\" He said heading to the car until the girl hugged him. \"Ok then get in the car while I make a quick phone call.\" He told her as took out his phone,\"Roxanne.\" She told him when she opened the car door and looked at Peter. \"Ok Roxanne thank you. Hello Moira you'll never what happened. I found a . . .\" He stopped then looked at Roxanne who was in the car. \"Actually I'll bring her home your in for a suprise.\" and hung on her. Peter got inside the car then looked Roxanne, \"Let's go home and your see your new mother.\" he said and drove to the Banning's house. By the tine Peter and Roxanne came home Moira walked into the same as them and noticed roxanne,\"Peter darling who is this little one? said moira walking twards Roxanne and squateed at her eye level. \"Moira This is Roxanne and she's has no one so I wanted add a new member to the family.\" he said. Moira looked up at her husband and smiled brightly at Peter then brought Roxanne into her arms,\"I always wanted a daughter.\" she said. *12 years later* Fourteen old Roxy as she was called that growing up was sitting with audience to Maggie's play of Peter Pan which has always been Roxy's favorite story as kid. \"Peter pay attention your daughters stealing the show.\" Said Moira. Peter was on a business call which was driving Roxy's and her family crazy,\"Dad can you promise to go to my baseball game.\" Said jack. \"Yeah sure so anywa-\" he was got interrupted by Roxy who took the phone out of his hands and put in her bag which she gave to Moira. \"Thank you.\" She whispered to her. \"I can't believe you did that Roxy when we go home your so much trouble.\" Said Peter who was upset with his adopted daughter. \"Dad just watch the play you barely even looked at Maggie.\" Said Roxy crossing her arms and kept on watching the play. After the play was over Roxy gave her little sister a hug and Moira have her a bouquet of roses,\"You really did great Maggie . I bet grandma Wendy would be proud of you .\" Said Roxy picking her sister in her arms \"You really think she's really the real Wendy from my play.\" Said Maggie. \"She is if you believe and if it wasn't for her I wouldn't know about Peter Pan and his Lost Boys.\" Said Roxy as she looked at her dad with a smile. By the time the Bannings got home,\"Jack,Maggie be careful when your running up the stairs and as for you Ms. Ending an important buisness call are big trouble.\" Said Peter pointing a finger at her. Roxy stopped at her tracks half way up the stair case then went back down to Peter's office and sat on a chair across from her. \"I'm so tired you interrupting my work and doing what's best for the family.\" Said Peter. \"What's best you miss out on everything that we do when was Jack's first game? Or when a time when Maggie lost her tooth? You tell me oh wait can't because your so busy with work ignoring our family.\" Said Roxy. \"That's it I knew you would act like this all is because your real family left you.\" Said Peter raising his voice. Roxy stood up then left to her room and slammed her door hard enough for the family to hear. Roxy flopped on her bed and sighed in frustration,\"If he would've known about this problem sooner and he might've spent time with us.\" she told herself as she was getting ready for bed.( untitled_19/set?...) A few minutes went by until the door was opened then a shadow was making tis way Roxy's sleeping form who started waking up by the presence and gasped. \"Jack what are you doing up this late?\" sai Roxy rubbing her eyes then checked the time that read: 1:25 am. Jack rubbed the back of his neck while looking down,\"I couldn't sleep.\" he said blushing. Roxy giggled at her little brother and pulled the cover off walking towards Jack leaning down a bit,\"You want to talk about it.\" she said touching his shoulders. Jack nodded and sat on the bed with his older by his side. \"What was it that made you wake up?\" she asked. \"Well it started when i was playing batter on my last game of the season. I made a hit then running home and seeing you, mom, and Maggie cheering for me but I saw Dad a block away talking on the phone. I called him but he glanced at me then hung the phone up and was gone.\" he said in raspy voice. Roxy sighed then putted two fingers under his chin, \"Hey Jack look at me. I know dad isn't always there for us but it doesn't mean he still loves his family.\" said Roxy wiping Jack's tears. \"I just want to be with dad like he did with all us. *sniffs* He tried but he wasn't there and I kept on getting him to pay attention.\" said jack crying on his sister's shoulder while she rocked him back and forth. After a couple of minutes Jack fell asleep in Roxy's arms and was carried to his room,\"Don't worry Jack. He'll make it up to you hopefully.\" said Roxy kissing him on the forehead thne closed the door and went back to bed.[Chapter 2] The Bannings had reached grandma Wendy's home where Peter is going to do a speech for the Darling Orphange.\"Ok all better be on your best behavior. Jack straighten your back and spit that gum out. Roxy take off that hat before Aunt sees it.\" Said Peter before knocking on the front door. The opened to reveal Toodles looking outside,\"Hello Toodles.\" Said Peter. \"It's snowing.\" Said Toodles then closed the door. Jack then started laughing but started choking on his gum and Peter patted his back to help him spit it out. Then he open again to reveal a woman with a pink sweater and screamed with joy,\"Hello Lizzy? Lisa?\" Said Peter trying remember her name. \"Liza.\" Said the woman letting the Bannings come inside. Liza saw Moira and the children then screamed again,\"Look how much your children have grown.\" Said Liza. Peter was getting Liza's attention but couldn't cause how how excited she was seeing her family,\"Hello boy.\" Said an elderly woman on top of the stairs. \"Wendy.\" Said Peter looking up at the elderly woman. Wendy walked down the stairs then Roxy gently held her hand help her walk down he last step and looked at her,\"Roxy is that you my Lost Girl.\" Said Wendy. \"Yes Wendy. It's me it's really nice to see you again.\" Roxy said hugging her grandmother gently. Jack walked to Wendy and Roxy,\"Hi I'm supposed to say how it is uh . . . orphanage and yeah.\" Said Jack forgetting the rest of what he told to say. Wendy smiled at jack,\"Thank you and I have only one rule in this house is Never growing up and same for you Mr. Chairman of the commity.\" She said. Peter chuckled,\"Sorry Wendy but that ship has sailed.\" Said Peter until jack got in front of him.\"yeah whenever his company is trouble dad swoops down and starts blowing downtheri ships.\" Said Jack making canon explosions. \"He's just exagerating.\" Said Peter pushing his son to the side. \"Oh my Peter you've become a pirate.\" Said Wendy. 'Please don't do this dad.' Thought Roxy then went to the guest bedroom to unpack. After a while Roxy was done putting her things away and started sketching then saw her siblings heading to her parents room,\"Oh crud.\" She said then rushed to get Wendy. \"Wendy can you come with me. Dad i-\" Roxy was interrupted with her Dad's loud yelling. \"Nevermind.\" Said Roxy then headed to get siblings with Wendy behind her. Roxy came to the room grabbed the phone and was about to throw it outside until Peter took it from her. \"Ive had enough with you Roxanne. I'm tired of you interrupting something that's important to me.\" Said Peter pushing her out of the room and slammed the door. Roxy sighed as she saw her siblings and Wendy went to their guest bedroom,\"Sorry you had to see that grandma Wendy.\" Said Roxy. \"Never mind about that child come lets get your brother and sister busy for the night.\" Said Wendy walking to their bedroom. Roxy didn't want her siblings to see that side of their dad especially when he screamed at jack. It's been a long day for the Bannings and the Darlings,Peter was getting ready for the ceremony for Wendy's charity orphanage. \"Dad before you go to your party you have make up something to Jack after your outburst.\" said Roxy leaning against the door frame. Peter sighed pulling out a pocket watch walking to the children's bedroom seeing jack explaining to Wendy about his baseball glove. \"Night dad,Grandmother Wendy,\" said Roxy heading to her room that was close to her children's. Moira was at the door frame,\"How you doing Roxy?\" She said touching her shoulder. \"Ok I guess but mom are you sure want to go because I have a feeling that something very serious might happen tonight.\" Said Roxy lying down on her bed looking at the wall. \"We'll don't worry a out that just get some rest and if anything happens call us.\" Said Moira giving her a peck on the head got up heading to the door and held the handle looking at Roxy. \"Good night sweetheart and don't stay up too late.\" She said closing the door. After her parents and Wendy left. Roxy read a book that Wendy used o read her about the boy who never grew up but was really was focusing on why tonight is going to be different. She sighed closing the book putting to said then got up to check on her siblings. Heading to their door about to touch the handle. The wind howled like a small storm and the a light green glow shining through the cracks around the door. Putting her against the door listening closely hearing a eerie creaking noise,\"It's the window man.\" Worried about what is going to happen Roxy opened the door to find that it was locked,\"Jack,Maggie open the door.\" Banging the door a couple of times then hears a load crash and screams. \"Jack. Maggie. I'm coming!\" She said standing back to kick the door wide. She was shocked to see a pirate ship by the window and a group of men taking away Jack and Maggie. \"Hey no one takes away my siblings on my watch.\" She yelled at the tall man who held jack. She run forward punching the man in the gut knocking wind out of him letting out of Jack heading to his older sister but was taken again. Roxy grabbed Jack's baseball bat holding it in fight stance when a pirate with glasses went towards her,\"Miss I suggest you put that thing down or you'll hurt your pretty little face.\" He said distracting her. Turning around to see a huge man staring down at her,\"This is going to be fun.\" She said swinging her leg underneath knocking the man down and swift kick to his face knocking him out. Then a sudden pain struck her head making her fall facing the window. Seeing blurs of the figures heading out and saw shiny object in their hand and darkness took over body.[Chapter 3] After being knock out and saw the kidnappers Moira, Peter, and Wendy came home early and seeing the damaged door. \"Jack! Maggie! Roxy!\" Yelled Moira running towards the stairs with Peter and Wendy behind. Seeing a thick stratch going all the way up the towards the children's room and saw Liza sitting on the trembling trembling with fear. \"The wind shut the door on me and the children were screaming. The children were screaming!\" She cried as Moira and Peter ran to the room while Wendy tries to calm her down. Moira went to Maggie's pulling the cover to find the bed empty as Peter did the same and saw Roxy on the floor unconscious. He ran to her lifting her head up carefully to see little bit of blood running down her forehead. \"Moira! Call the police while I'll put Roxy on the bed.\" Peter said picking her up bridle style placing her on Jack's bed. \"Boy.\" Said Wendy looking at the door. Peter run to her seeing sword with a letter attached,\"Dear, Peter your presence is required at the request of your children. Kindest personal regards, Jas. Hook, Captain\" he read suddenly Wendy fainted. \"Wendy!\" Moira said ran to catch her from falling. \"I'm alright dear. Now Moira get me the first aid to clean Roxy wound.\" She said walking towards Roxy. Peter pulled out a rocking chair for her to sit in then closed the windows. \"Peter the police are here.\" Said Moira walking to Wendy and Roxy with first aide kit. Moira wiped the dry blood away with a wet rag then moved her hair carefully to the left side and found a slightly large gash on the upper right side of her head. \"My poor lost girl.\" Wendy whispered as she saw the wound. A police officer came to the room with a note pad and a female paramedic. \"She'll take it from here ma'am. I would like asked you two a couple of questions.\" Said the officer. Moira nodded getting up from the bed and told the man about what happened. The paramedic walked to the bed putting the case on the bed taking out a white and a bottle of alcohol carefully dabing (idk if thats how its spelled) it and threw it aside taking out a needle with wire to close the wound. Peter's pov After the police left with no explaination of who do this or where Jack and Maggie were believing this was a gag. But how that could explain Roxy's injury on her head. Taking a shot to drain away my guilt and worry for everything that happened tonight. Walking to the room seeing Roxy sleeping still on Jack's bed then I went to the windows opening them seeing two bright stars shining in the night. I look closer to see one of the stars getting brighter and brighter adjusting my glasses realizing that it was coming towards me making my statement worse. I found a magazine rolling it up,\"Time to end this demon bug.\" Swatting here and there until the bug grabbed the roller out my hand and hits me. Without noticing Roxy woke up from the noise while rubbing her head grumbling a little and saw her fall into a toy baby crib. Then a light landed on his chest talking to him,\"Dad is that what I think it is?\" Said Roxy getting off the bed slowly getting to Peter. \"Fairy.\" Said the female figure showing them her wings. \"Wow. Can't you believe it dad an actual fairy.\" Said Roxy smiling down at tiny woman. \"It's finally good to see you again Peter Pan.\" Said the fairy. \"Banning.\" Said Peter adjusting his upside glasses. \"Pan.\" Said the fairy. \"Banning.\" She said. \"Dad she's right you know. Didn't grandma Wendy tell you the truth when I was knock out by a pirate.\" Said Roxy. After hearing this the fairy flew up a inches to Roxy's face,\"Did you happen to knock out big man with multiple tattoos? By the way the names Tink.\" Said the fairy. \"Roxy and yeah I did until a man with round glasses hit me on the head which still hurts.\" Said Roxy. Feeling a little bit upset about what happened to her, Tink flew by to Peter grabbing his tie to get him on his feet with Roxy following.\"Come Peter your children are in trouble. Me, Roxy and the lost boys need to help you fight back. Now come on let's fly.\" She said blowing fairy dust at Roxy then at Peter's face making him sneeze knocking her into a dollhouse. \"So it's true isn't it. You really did grow. Can't you remember anything.\" Tink said in sadness. \"You ok there little bug.\"said Peter opening the walls of the dollhouse. \"I'm not a bug . I'm a fairy.\" Sh said looking at him. \"Don't believe in fairies.\" He muttered. \"Whenever someone says 'I don't believe in fairies.' A fairy falls dead.\" Said Tink standing up. \"I DON'T BELIEVE IN FAIRIES!\" Peter yelled making Roxy jump slightly. Tink touch her throat making a noise falling down the stairs and down to the kitchen lying on the fake rug not moving. \"Oh my god. I think I killed it.\" Said Peter trying to poker but she smacked his hand away. \"Hurry. Clap your hands to bring me back to life.\" She whispered while moving her hands. Roxy clapped loud enough while Peter did it lightly. \"Louder.\" She said. He clapped a little louder. \"Louder Peter!\" She yelled. Peter and Roxy who joined in applauded for Tinks little performance. Tink got up on her feet and bowed. \"Ok now that we had fun in this mixed dream. Now I need to do is to wake up.\" Said Peter getting his feet looking down at tink. Tink grabbed the end of the rug that he's standing,\"guess again.\" She said pullin it causing him to flip an land on his back making him dizzy. Roxy grabbed the handmade parachute Maggie made for Peter and helped tink wrapped it around her dad. \"Oh look stars.\" Said Peter. \"That's right Peter. Second star to the right and straight on til morning. Neverland.\" Said tink lifting him off the floor and blow fairy dust at Roxy. Roxy, Peter and tink flew up into the sky and straight towards the two bright stars. The further they flew the sky turned into a galaxy showing the planets and so many stars. (imagine it from the Peter Pan movie in 2002) Until an island appeared Tink put Peter on a deck then went to Roxy who was standing next to him. \"Meet us at the lost boys hideout and be careful for boobytraps. Here put this on.\" Said tink tossing a worn coat and hat at her. Roxy puts the coat on then the hat pulling it slightly over her eyes,\"Tink I'm begging you please don't let my dad get killed. I don't want to lose another family.\" Said Roxy walking sloppy down the dock without being noticed. Just as she past the Smith workshop a certain object catches her eye. Roxy stopped to take a closer look to see a silver hook shining so bright in the sun. Shaking her head to rid the sudden flashback of the fight and continued walking towards the forest. Remembering tink's warning Roxy carefully looked at the trees and the ground so she won't trigger them. \"Hey what are you doing here? Turn around so I can see you.\" Said a voice. Doing as she was told seeing a small boy with dark skin and holding a sling shot at her. Raising her hands slowly showing a sign of no harm,\"Before do anything can I take off the hat and coat?\"said Roxy. \"Why not?\" Said the boy. Roxy take the hat off first tossing it aside then used her hands to take her hair out and finally the coat. \"A girl. There's no girls here since \" \"Wendy was brought here by my step dad. I know she told me everything but now he's in trouble even my siblings.\" Finishing the sentence for the boy. \"He's back. I gotta tell the lost boys.\" Said the boy was about to run off until Roxy picked him up. \"Wait, wait there's a problem. He can't remember and grew up. Only me,Tottles,and Wendy.\" Said Roxy putting the boy on her hip. \"But he promised.\" Said the boy. \"Hey don't worry we're gonna help him and now we need to wait until Peter shows up.\" Said Roxy. Then they heard a yell from a distance to where they were. \"Oh dad.\" Complained Roxy as the two walked towards the non stop yelling and screaming for help. They went made it to where the screamed stopped and looked down to the group of lost boys ripping and cutting up the vines. Peter got up looking at the boys,\"Pan?\" They said. \"Hey, lets go down there before he things get out hand.\" Said Roxy putting the boy down then jumped landing perfectly on her feet. The boys turned around to see Roxy catching the boy in her arms and put down. \"Roxy thank god your ok.\" Said Peter running to Roxy embracing her. \"Dad let go the boys are staring.\" Said Roxy. He lets go then a horn was heard and the boys starts chanting 'Rufio.' A boy with red strips in his hair around Roxy's age was riding a wind surfer and grabbed a vine swinging above them. \"Oh that looks dangerous.\" Said Peter. \"You should remember doing this dad.\" Said Roxy as Rufio landed in front of her and Peter. Pulling out a sword from his side pointing it towards Peter who was about to tell him put the sword away until he did a mocking gesture with his hands. \"I need to grown up.\" Yelled Peter standing on a large rock. \"Dad/all grown ups are pirates.\" Said Roxy and Rufio in unison. \"What?\" Said Peter getting down. Rufio was about to reply until Roxy beat him to it. \"Dad they kill pirates who are adults. You should remember after all you are Peter Pan.\" Said Roxy crossing her arms. \"Well I'm not a pirate. I happen to be a lawyer.\" Said Peter with pride. \"Dad you should run.\" Said Roxy. \"Excuse me?\" Said Peter before Rufio yelled to kill him. \"I'm not that kind of lawyer.\" He said before running away from the lost boys while Roxy,the boy from before,and Rufio stayed.[Chapter 4] While Peter runs off Rufio turned to faced Roxy and the boy next to her. \"Pockets why aren't joining them?\" Said Rufio confused. \"I want to help Roxy get Peter back.\" Said Pockets. Roxy smiled at Pockets having someone to believe her. \"That old man isn't the Pan and I don't some girl here.\" Said Rufio pointing his sword at Roxy.\"this girl happens to know when to protect her family like your doing right now.\" Said Roxy taking a step forward. Rufio lowered his a little,\"I don't know what your talking about.\" He said. \"Your protecting the lost boys because of your afraid to lose them to hook and his crew but we have a bigger problem. Hook kidnapped my siblings and wants to fight with Peter Pan who can't even remember a thing about who he was.\" Said Roxy. \"But if you still don't believe me like Pockets then why didn't you try to fight me.\" She said. \"Do you even know how to fight or handle a sword.\" Said Rufio. Roxy just smiled walking slowly towards Rufio then kicked his legs from underneath causing him to fell and let go of the sword. \"Pockets get the boys at one spot and make sure Peter is there.\" Said Roxy. Pockets nodded then ran off at different direction. Roxy cartwheeled backwards catching the sword and pointed it at Rufio. He got up on his feet and whistled for a lost teen to toss him a sword. \"You ready to lose.\" Said Rufio swinging the sword at Roxy who dodged it with hers. \"Are you Rufio?\" She says pushing him back with her sword. Roxy swung to the left while stepping forward and rufio was blocking and went on for a bit until Tink flew next to them. \"Rufio can stop fighting Roxy and listen Peter needs help remembering.\" She said but only Roxy listened then wrapped her around Rufios and forced up into the air distracting him then swung her underneath his again and caught the sword. Rufio glared at her as she reached her arm out for to grab on to and helped him up on feet. \"Nice technic Rufio. Can you at least give him a chance.\" said Roxy. He didn't say anything just looked at her for a second then left somewhere else,\"He'll do it but just for the boys hope.\" said Tink and pulled Roxy to the opposit way. \"Where are we going.\" said Roxy. \"You can't fight Pirates in pjs. now come on got found some clothes for you.\" she says dragging her. Getting the clothes and twin swords on Roxy ( untitled_32/set?...) and Tink flew to the basketball and skate place where the lost boys and Peter were. By the time Roxy landed on the ground Tink was flying slowly past the Lost boys explaining the deal she had with hook and mentioning Peter's children. \"Peter pan gots kids.\" Said a red haired boy looking at Tink. \"Yeah he does and rescued a lost girl along the way.\" Said Roxy placing her hands on Peter's shoulders. Rufio drew a line on the sand with his sword. \"He can't fly, fight, or crow. Step over that line on who thinks ain't the Pan?\" Said Rufio. The boys went over to Rufio's side including Peter until Roxy and Tink pulled/pushed him back. \"What?\" Said Peter as tink held his suspenders. \"Not helping dad.\" said Roxy. \"You are embarrassing me.\" said Tink letting go of the suspender giving Peter a smack. The only person other than Roxy and Peter was Pockets who walking towards him. he pulled Peter down to his height to get a better look at his face took off the glasses. Then started putting his hands on his moving the muscles around while Roxy sat on crate that was against the wall next to Tinks Lamp post smiling brightly at Pockets. \"Oh there you are Peter.\" said Pockets smiling at Peter. Making the Boys move over to his side doing the same actions as Pockets did and talking about him growing up. \"Don't listen to that stinking fairy and the fat old man. (I forgot what he said.) I got the Pan's sword. I'm the Pan now you think he gonna take that from me. Or that fragile boned gi-\" Rufio noticed a fresh trail of blood going down a little towards Roxy's forehead. \"What?\"said Roxy then felt something warm coming down on her face and touching it to see blood on her finger tips. \"Does anyone know how stitch up a wound.\" She said. \"Me and Tink but how did you hurt yourself?\" Said Rufio. \"I fought with the pirates on the night hook kidnapped my siblings until one of them knock me out.\" Said Roxy. The boy with red hair gave her a rag to stop the bleeding. \"Thanks. So tell me Rufio are let a pirate kill two innocent children of Peter Pan and hit a lost girl?\" She says looking Rufio until Peter got up on feet walking to Roxy's side. \"Hook is going to kill them if he doesn't gets what he wants? Help me.\" Said Peter. Rufio looked at her and the boys. \"Help train the old fart while I help her. We have three days so hurry up.\" Said Rufio walking towards Roxy while the boys dragged Peter somewhere else. Taking her by the hand leading them to his bed which was in highest tree branch. He set Roxy on the floor then grabbed a box and bottle of alcohol. Opening the box contained a roll of wire, Cloth, and a curved needle. \"Why are even helping him anyways?\"said Rufio moving some strands of hair to take a better look at the wound. \"Well if you want know so badly is because I owe him big time. He took me in when my real parents left me out in the streets by the time I started talking.\" said Roxy while Rufio cleaned up the needle before inserting it into her busted stitch. \"That wasn't right to leave a kid like that.\" he says sewing the wire slightly tight enough to prevent it from breaking again. It took a while for him to do a double stitch on Roxy and put the cloth over it.. \"You are done.\" he says cutting the wire with his dagger. \"Thanks for the stitching now lets check up on my dad.\" she says as Rufio led the way. They made it the four seasons coming together as Peter was running with a lost boys behind him and got hit in the face with a snowball. Roxy looked at Rufio who was howling like a wolf,'This is going to be a lot more fun for three days. Just hope Jack and Maggie are alright with those pirates.' she thought.[Chapter 5] Roxy and Tink went to the fighting ring to find it empty only Rufio sitting on the skating ramp. \"Where's the boys and my dad.\" said Roxy walking towards him while Tink went somewhere else. \"The boys took the old man to the docks to take Hook's hook to see it can help fly.\" said Rufio jumping down and pulled out his sword. \"Ready for that rematch. Lost girl.\" he said grining. Roxy smiled in return and took her own sword out taking a fighting stance. \"Same as you. Rufio.\" said Roxy blocking his sword. Roxy swung a left making Rufio block it. Rufio did a strike which Roxy dodged and tried to kick his sword out his hand until he caught her foot makig her fall on the ground. Before she could get up the tip of sword was infront of her face which meant Rufio was winning. \"Giving up that quickly.\" said Rufio. \"Not Yet.\" said Roxy wrapping her legs around Rufio's causing him to fall on his back. Not wasting time she pinned him down before getting on his feet,\"I guess i won again.\" said Roxy until Rufio switched her postion. \"Think again and I believe I'll collecting my little prize.\" said Rufio getting close to her face by a few inches. \"What are yo- mhm.\" She didn't get to finish as Rufio placed his lips on hers. The kiss lasted about a few seconds and Rufio help Roxy get on her feet with her face slightly blushing. \"Now come on let me show you around before we Fight against the Pirates.\" said Rufio as the two held hands. After two hours they went back to the game area Then a bell rung and lost boy kept on saying,\"Pan's back! He back!\" Roxy smiled then saw her dad flying towards them as they walked to the center. Peter took a dagger out using it to cut Rufio's loincloth down. Making everyone laugh at his situation. Peter landed on his feet and drew a line like Rufio did before and the lost boys went to Peter's side including Roxy. \"You can fly. You fight and you can -\" Peter interrupted by crowing and everyone cheered and crowed proudly. Their celebration lasted until dawn and Roxy was glad that he remembered but was about what will happen after the fight and saving her siblings. She walked around and saw her dad landing in front of her with a smile. \"Hey you aren't from around here? Did Tink bring you her to be our new mother?\" Said Peter. Roxy was confused about what's happening. \"Don't you remember me at all dad?\" Said Roxy in concern. \"I'm nobody's dad. Im just a kid and if you'll excuse me I need to find tink.\" Said Peter then flew up into the trees. Roxy just stood there shocked about what was going with Peter. 'Please Tink you're the only one who help him now.' She prayed and went to talked to Rufio. After finally finding him on his bed playing with a ball and stopped when he saw Roxy sitting next to him. \"Hey Roxy. What's wrong your nervous about our fight with the pirates tomorrow.\" he said then saw her worried expression as she was looking down a little. He lefted her chin with his two fingers to look at her. \"What's wrong?\" said Rufio concerned wrapping his arm around her. Roxy sighed. \"He doesn't remember me at all Rufio and thought i was the new mother for the lost boys.\" said Roxy as tears were forming. Rufio shushed her and rubbed circles around her back making her calm dwn. \"He'll remember everything just wait I know Tink can fix it since she liked him for a long time. Now let's get some sleep alright.\" he said kissing Roxy on the cheek then pulled her close to him as they slept til morning.[Chapter 6] Roxy got dressed for their fight then leaned against the tree bark looking at the docks with her arms crossed worried about whats going to happen to Jack and Maggie. Without realizing Rufio was climbing up the tree she was on until peter flew up and touched his shoulder. \"Let me talk to her. Go help the boys get ready and remind them out about the plan. \"Got it.\" said Rufio as he grabbed a near by vine and swung down. Peter watched him leave and flew up toward Roxy. \"Roxy you ready? You haven't shown up this morning.\" said Peter landing gently on the branch she was on. She looked at him with a same worried face that Moira would give Peter back home. \"I'm just worried about them. That's all dad.\" said Roxy and sighed. Peter walked over. Wrapping an arm around her shoulder squeezing her a little while putting his chin on her head. \"I know I am too.\" said Pete. He laughed and looked at her. \"You know you reminded me so much that your acting like real Pan. Ready to face the pirates with the Lost Boys.\" said Peter stepping back and reached his hand out. \"Yeah. You ready take down Hook once and for all.\"said Roxy taking his hand. \"Always.\" said peter as he and Roxy took off. He landed close to the boys as Rufio walked towards them. \"Every thing is set and ready Peter.\" said Rufio. Peter let go of Roxy as he and Tink left. \"OK so the plan is that when Peter distracts the pirates we go down there and hide until he gives us the signal. Got it.\" said Rufio as they got their weapons secured. \"Yeah now lets have some fun shall we.\" said Roxy. \"Come on Thud Butt. Lead the boys to the docks. Roxy and me will take the rest on the deck.\" Said Rufio as they split up. Rufio and Roxy ran through the forest and got knocked down a few pirates then hid behind the deck. Roxy griped her sword a little every now and then felt Rufio holding her hand. She looked at him smiled a little. \"Is my Lost Girlfriend afraid?\" Rufio teased. \"No it that it's the first time i get to fight against the pirates.\" said Roxy. \"BANG-A-RANG!\" Peter yelled. Roxy and the boys showed themselves and yelled then used the ropes to swing down. by the time Roxy got on the deck she quickly pulled her sword out block the pirate's strike to her face. \"Better quicker than that.\" said Roxy grinning as she kicked the pirate in the face after she did a back flip. She swung and blocked her sword back and forth until Rufio stabbed one that had a pistol pointed to her head. She turned and looked at this. \"Thanks, I owe you one.\" said Roxy and punched a pirate behind her without turning. They got split up and Roxy use the pixie dust flying towards the pirate and the upper deck to had two sword fights then grabbed the mens's arms pulling to each other causing them hit their heads. She side flipped from getting stabbed and saw Jack's new look. \"Jack what are you doing?\"SA Roxy then flew up from getting attacked from behind. Jack looked up at her and looked like he didn't recognized her. \"Watching the fight between dad and Peter Pan.\" He said. \"Jack listen to yourself just look at Peter doesn't he remind of someone.\"said Roxy gesturing to Peter. He flying towards him and told him his happy thought was him then went back to the fight. Roxy smiled then fought the pirates on the sails while Rufio faced Hook and began fight. Hook held Rufio's sword up then was about to stabbed his heart but a dagger grabbed his cuff tightly and the two looked up to see Roxy floating in the air grinning with her arms crossed. He growled pulling his gun out and was to shoot her until a hand made him turn to the random pirate a fired killing him. Hook looked over to see Peter and Rufio was about fight but Peter blocked him with his right arm. \"No, He's mine.\" said Peter then a had sword fight. Roxy landed picking Maggie up next to Jack and Rufio went to wars them as they followed Peter and Hook fighting nonstop along with the lost boys. They fought from the ship to the docks and stopped when Hook was on ground defenseless as Peter held his sword to his neck. Maggie was put down and went forward with Jack behind her. \"Daddy don't. He's just a bad man without a mommy.\" said Maggie. \"Come on dad lets go home.\" said Jack. Peter put his weapon away and held his hand for Hook to take but was scratched by his silver hook. \"That's not fair!\" Jack yelled trying to move forward until the boys stopped. Then watched the fight continue again then Roxy and Peter got an idea. \"Boys get some working clocks while Peter leads Hook to Tick Tock in the middle of town hurry. Go!\" said Roxy as they all left except for Rufio. The two ran toward the crocodile clock as Peter and Hook came as the boys arrived with the clocks. \"Hook look who's back. Tick Tock, tick tock, Hook is at it again.\" Peter taunted then blocked the strikes. Hook started freaking out and tried to run until he saw the working clocks screaming and tried to the other side but backed away. He saw peter and ran forward with his hook ready frthe kkill but instead got it stuck into the crocodile's stomach. He pulled it out as smoke started coming out and fell looking up at Tick Tock as it's head was going down staring at him hungrily. The board fell off as the clck shook side to side a little then started falling forward. \"i want my Mmmy.\" said Hook as the clock fell on him. A large dust formed on the impact and hook was gone the boys went closer including Roxy and heard a burp come from the Tick Tock. The boys cheered as they realized Hook was gone for good but sloowly stopped as Rufio kissed Roxy on the lips. Peter went towards them cleared his throat making the lost boy let go of her and felt a bit embarassed while scratching his head. \"So dad are you ready to go home with mom and Grandma Wendy. jack and Maggie went over to them holding thier came over and said their good byes including the Lost Boys. Pockets tugged Roxy's hand gettingher attention. \"Roxy are you going to remember us.\" He said. She looked at him,Rufio and her dad and smiled. \"Actually I'm not going anywhere. After all I found a place where I belong but Don't worry I can still visit you guys if that's ok with Peter.\" siad Roxy looking at him. \"If this what you really want then it's fine with us and pinky promise that you visit us.\" said Peter as he held his pinky up with Jack and Maggie doing the same. Roxy laughed and hoked her pink on them then hugged her family. \"Tink take jack and Maggie home.I'll catch up.\" said Peter. he squatted down to Jack and Maggie's level. \"Now all you have to is think of a happy thought hen youl'll fly like me.\" said Peter as he took them by the hand. \"Mommy and Roxy.\" said Maggie. \"MY dad and My sisters.\" siad jack then they both started flying after being sprinkled with fairy dust. Tink lead them toward the second star to the right while Peter hold his sword and dagger in his hand decidng who will be in charge, He pointed his dagger to Roxy and his sword to Rufio as they smiled at him. \"Rufio behave yourself just because I have my memories back doesn't mean I can still be her father. Bye Roxy, Boys.\" said Peter as he took ooff waving them good bye. \"Come lets get back and have the best adventure of having fun.\" said Roxy as the boys cheered. They all ran towards their hideout and played. As Roxy held Rufio's hand walking together. \"You know Roxy having as a the first Lost girl is going be really interesting.\" said Rufio. Roxy looked at him and jumped on his back. Rufio didn't flinch and carried both of her legs with his left arm while the other was swaying as he walked. Roxy wrapped her arms over his chest and placed her chin on his left shoulder. \"I know but our adventure is just the start as more pirates and lost will join in and can see my siblings grw up wile im here with you.\" said Roxty as she kissed him on the cheek. ","Summary":" Peter Banning was on his way home to spend time with his six month old son,jack but he heard his ph"},{"Movie":"Teen Wolf","Title":"Sterek","Author":"soupir 424","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12716255","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Derek Hale et Stiles Stillinski PDV Stiles Chaud. Beaucoup trop chaud. C'est le premier mot qui lui vint à l'esprit lorsqu'il se réveilla. Stiles ouvrit ses yeux et même s'il était encore dans les brumes du sommeil, une chose était sûr, il remarqua qu'il n'était pas dans sa chambre. Il se trouvait dans un grand lit dans une chambre aux murs fait des briques. Il voulut se retourner mais quelque chose l'en empêcha. Un bras, assez musclé au passage, le retenait par la taille. Il préféra ne pas bouger pour éviter de réveiller la personne qui dormait à ses côtés. Complètement réveillé il essayat de se souvenir de ce qu'il avait bien put faire la veille au soir. Mais rien n'y fit, aucuns souvenirs ne remontaient à la surface. Le noir complet. Hyperactif comme il l'était, Stiles ne put s'empêcher de gigoter pour se défaire de cette étreinte étouffante. Grognements de gros chats, la personne se retourna et le bras disparut. Stiles put enfin respirer. Il se retourna afin de voir la tête du mystérieux inconnu. Quelle ne fut pas sa surprise quand il vit que l'homme couché à ses côtés n'était autre que Derek Hale, l'Alpha le plus bourru que la Terre n'est jamais porté. Ses cheveux brunc étaient en bataille, une barbe de quelque jours lui mangeait le visage et ses muscles finement sculpté le rendait agréable à regarder. Très sexy pensa Stiles. Son coeur ratta un battement. Hein ? A quoi je viens de penser là ? J'ai sûrement du boire hier et les effets se font encore ressentir. Justement j'ai un affreux mal de tête. Pas de doute j'ai bu hier soir. Remarquant que Derek dormait toujours, Stiles décida qu'il était le moment de partir. Son coeur battait à un rythme fou. Qu'avait-il donc fait ? Pourquoi il était en slip? Il n'avait pas coucher avec l' Alpha au moins ? SI ? Non? Il ramassa en quatrième vitesse ses affaires, ne prit pas la peine de se rhabiller et sortit de la chambre. Au moment de descendre les escaliers, il se prit le pied dans la manche de son pull qu'il tenait en main, et tomba dans l'escalier avec un bruit de tous les diables. Arrivé en bas, en mille morceaux, Stiles se releva. He merde pensa-t-il là je suis sûr que je l'ai réveillé. Et en effet Derek apparut sur le palier, les cheveux hisurtes et ne portant qu'un simple boxer,... Il fixa Stiles de ses yeux ténébreux et lui fit un rare sourire qui découvrirent ses dents blanches. Stiles rougit et se rhabilla en vitesse tandis que Hale descendait les escaliers sans lacher du regard Stiles. Celui-ci avait atteint la porte et s'appretait à partir quand Derek le rappela: - He Stiles! - Oui? demanda Stiles de plus en plus rouge - Tu ne vas quand même pas partir comme ça. Viens boire un café répondit Derek sur un ton catégorique. Et il partit dans la cuisine sans laisser le temps à Stiles de répondre. Il suivit donc Derek qui lui présenta une tasse de café fumante. Il s'installa sur la table de la cuisine en ruine et se mit à boire en silence. Derek s'assit en face de lui et le regarde avec attention. Cela devint tellement gênant que Stiles décida de prendre la parole: - Peux-tu me dire ce que je fais chez toi ? Dans ton lit en plus ? En slip. J'espère que tu n'as pas abusé de moi. Sinon je vais le dire à mon père, il est shérif tu sais. Je crois qu'il serait heureux de pouvoir te mettre en prison et ... - STOP ! aboya Derek Tu me donnes mal à la tête. Tu parles toujours autant quand tu es stressé ou c'est juste une habitude? - C'est une habitude mais comment tu sais que je suis stressé ? le questionna Stiles - Les battements de ton coeur -Ha... Stiles devint encore plus rouge qu'il n'était possible de l'être. - Bon je vais t'expliquer avant que tu me fasses une crise cardiaque. Hier soir, je faisais mon jogging dans les bois lorsque j'ai croisé Scott. Il te tenait dans ses bras. Tu était en train d'aider Scott à maitriser son loup intérieur lorsqu'il a perdu le contrôle. Sans le vouloir il t'a éjecter contre un arbre et tu as perdu connaissance. Lorsqu'il est revenu lui-même il a décidé de venir demander mon aide. Comme tu étais toujours évanouis et que la nuit tombait, on a décidé qu'il vallait mieux pour toi de dormir chez moi. - Hem hem dans ton lit plutôt fit remarquer Stiles. - Ha moins que tu n'aurais péféré dormir sur le sol ? ironisa Derek - Heu non. C'était vraiment gentil de ta part Derek - Mais de rien répondit Derek en souriant une fois de plus. Stiles en le regardant sourir comme ça ne put s'empêcher d'avoir des papillons dans le ventre. Sans comprendre pourquoi il commencait à tomber amoureux de Derek. Mais il savait qu'il n'avait aucune chance. Il était sûr à 99% que Derek était hétéro, et même s'il ne l'était pas il y avait peu de chances que Stiles soit son genre. - Bon je ne vais pas te déranger plus longtemps et puis c'est l'heure d'aller au lycée fit Stiles en se levant. Il alla déposer sa tasse, à présent vide, dans l'évier. Lorsque'il se retourna, Derek se tenait juste en face de lui. Un peu trop près au goût de Stiles. Même beaucoup trop près. Stiles tapota l'épaule de Derek: - Merci pour ton hospitalité, mon pote. Je te revaudrait ça un jour. Et Stiles sortit de la cuisine. Mais pourquoi j'ai fait ce geste? Mais pourquoi ? Je suis devenu complètement débile pensa-t-il. Sur ce il quitta la maison, l'air frais qui l'acceuillit dehors lui fit le plus grand bien. Il était profondément plongé dans ses pensées qu'il ne vit même pas Derek qui le regardait partit, depuis la porte de sa maison. Et Derek avait pour la troisième fois en moins d'une heure un sourire accroché à ses lèvres. Il commençait à apprécier ce petit humain hyperactif. Mais il n'était pas encore près à ouvrir son coeur à quelqu'un d'autre depuis la trahison de Kate Argent.[Chapter 2] Chapitre 1: Un réveil surprise. Chaud. Beaucoup trop chaud. C'est le premier mot qui lui vint à l'esprit lorsqu'il se réveilla. Stiles ouvrit ses yeux et même s'il était encore dans les brumes du sommeil, une chose était sûr, il remarqua qu'il n'était pas dans sa chambre. Il se trouvait dans un grand lit dans une chambre aux murs fait des briques. Il voulut se retourner mais quelque chose l'en empêcha. Un bras, assez musclé au passage, le retenait par la taille. Il préféra ne pas bouger pour éviter de réveiller la personne qui dormait à ses côtés. Complètement réveillé il essayat de se souvenir de ce qu'il avait bien put faire la veille au soir. Mais rien n'y fit, aucuns souvenirs ne remontaient à la surface. Le noir complet. Hyperactif comme il l'était, Stiles ne put s'empêcher de gigoter pour se défaire de cette étreinte étouffante. Grognements de gros chats, la personne se retourna et le bras disparut. Stiles put enfin respirer. Il se retourna afin de voir la tête du mystérieux inconnu. Quelle ne fut pas sa surprise quand il vit que l'homme couché à ses côtés n'était autre que Derek Hale, l'Alpha le plus bourru que la Terre n'est jamais porté. Ses cheveux brunc étaient en bataille, une barbe de quelque jours lui mangeait le visage et ses muscles finement sculpté le rendait agréable à regarder. Très sexy pensa Stiles. Son coeur ratta un battement. Hein ? A quoi je viens de penser là ? J'ai sûrement du boire hier et les effets se font encore ressentir. Justement j'ai un affreux mal de tête. Pas de doute j'ai bu hier soir. Remarquant que Derek dormait toujours, Stiles décida qu'il était le moment de partir. Son coeur battait à un rythme fou. Qu'avait-il donc fait ? Pourquoi il était en slip? Il n'avait pas coucher avec l' Alpha au moins ? SI ? Non? Il ramassa en quatrième vitesse ses affaires, ne prit pas la peine de se rhabiller et sortit de la chambre. Au moment de descendre les escaliers, il se prit le pied dans la manche de son pull qu'il tenait en main, et tomba dans l'escalier avec un bruit de tous les diables. Arrivé en bas, en mille morceaux, Stiles se releva. He merde pensa-t-il là je suis sûr que je l'ai réveillé. Et en effet Derek apparut sur le palier, les cheveux hisurtes et ne portant qu'un simple boxer,... Il fixa Stiles de ses yeux ténébreux et lui fit un rare sourire qui découvrirent ses dents blanches. Stiles rougit et se rhabilla en vitesse tandis que Hale descendait les escaliers sans lacher du regard Stiles. Celui-ci avait atteint la porte et s'appretait à partir quand Derek le rappela: - He Stiles! - Oui? demanda Stiles de plus en plus rouge - Tu ne vas quand même pas partir comme ça. Viens boire un café répondit Derek sur un ton catégorique. Et il partit dans la cuisine sans laisser le temps à Stiles de répondre. Il suivit donc Derek qui lui présenta une tasse de café fumante. Il s'installa sur la table de la cuisine en ruine et se mit à boire en silence. Derek s'assit en face de lui et le regarde avec attention. Cela devint tellement gênant que Stiles décida de prendre la parole: - Peux-tu me dire ce que je fais chez toi ? Dans ton lit en plus ? En slip. J'espère que tu n'as pas abusé de moi. Sinon je vais le dire à mon père, il est shérif tu sais. Je crois qu'il serait heureux de pouvoir te mettre en prison et ... - STOP ! aboya Derek Tu me donnes mal à la tête. Tu parles toujours autant quand tu es stressé ou c'est juste une habitude? - C'est une habitude mais comment tu sais que je suis stressé ? le questionna Stiles - Les battements de ton coeur -Ha... Stiles devint encore plus rouge qu'il n'était possible de l'être. - Bon je vais t'expliquer avant que tu me fasses une crise cardiaque. Hier soir, je faisais mon jogging dans les bois lorsque j'ai croisé Scott. Il te tenait dans ses bras. Tu était en train d'aider Scott à maitriser son loup intérieur lorsqu'il a perdu le contrôle. Sans le vouloir il t'a éjecter contre un arbre et tu as perdu connaissance. Lorsqu'il est revenu lui-même il a décidé de venir demander mon aide. Comme tu étais toujours évanouis et que la nuit tombait, on a décidé qu'il vallait mieux pour toi de dormir chez moi. - Hem hem dans ton lit plutôt fit remarquer Stiles. - Ha moins que tu n'aurais péféré dormir sur le sol ? ironisa Derek - Heu non. C'était vraiment gentil de ta part Derek - Mais de rien répondit Derek en souriant une fois de plus. Stiles en le regardant sourir comme ça ne put s'empêcher d'avoir des papillons dans le ventre. Sans comprendre pourquoi il commencait à tomber amoureux de Derek. Mais il savait qu'il n'avait aucune chance. Il était sûr à 99% que Derek était hétéro, et même s'il ne l'était pas il y avait peu de chances que Stiles soit son genre. - Bon je ne vais pas te déranger plus longtemps et puis c'est l'heure d'aller au lycée fit Stiles en se levant. Il alla déposer sa tasse, à présent vide, dans l'évier. Lorsque'il se retourna, Derek se tenait juste en face de lui. Un peu trop près au goût de Stiles. Même beaucoup trop près. Stiles tapota l'épaule de Derek: - Merci pour ton hospitalité, mon pote. Je te revaudrait ça un jour. Et Stiles sortit de la cuisine. Mais pourquoi j'ai fait ce geste? Mais pourquoi ? Je suis devenu complètement débile pensa-t-il. Sur ce il quitta la maison, l'air frais qui l'acceuillit dehors lui fit le plus grand bien. Il était profondément plongé dans ses pensées qu'il ne vit même pas Derek qui le regardait partit, depuis la porte de sa maison. Et Derek avait pour la troisième fois en moins d'une heure un sourire accroché à ses lèvres. Il commençait à apprécier ce petit humain hyperactif. Mais il n'était pas encore prêt à ouvrir son cœur à quelqu'un d'autre depuis la trahison de Kate Argent. Chapitre 2: Une journée agitée PDV Stiles Après une journée d'école, Stiles rentra chez lui, complètement épuisé. Scott n'avait pas arrêté de s'excuser pour sa perte de contrôle de la dernière foir et Stiles n'avait pas arrêté de lui dire que ce n'était pas grave, que c'était déjà oublié. Bref il était complètement lessivé. Le fait d'avoir dormi chez Derek était déjà assez bizarre. Avant il avait déjà des sentiments mais alors là il était complètement sous le charme de l'alpha. Il avait l'impression d'évoluer dans un rêve éveillé. PDV Derek Depuis que Stiles était venu passer la nuit chez Derek, ce dernier n'arrivait pas à s'oter son visage de la tête. Dès qu'il fermait les yeux, il revenait sans cesse. Lui qui s'étais promis de ne plus jamais ouvrir mon coeur à quelqu'un d'autre, de ne plus tomber amoureux et bien en moins d'une journée il avait rompu tous ses engagements. Il a laissé tomber les barrières qu'il avais installé autour de mon coeur, pour un humain qui plus est. Toute la journée, il fit les cents pas chez lui, incapable de faire quelque chose. Même une course dans les bois, qui d'habitude le relaxait, ne le fit pas perdre son anxiété. Il devait absolument revoir Stiles. En voyant l'heure il décida de l'attendre directement chez lui, puisque c'était bientôt l'heure de la fin des cours. Il rentra donc dans sa voiture et quitta sa maison, dans un nuage de feuilles mortes. Quand il arriva chez Stiles, celui-ci n'était pas encore revenu de l'école. Ne flairant pas la prsence du shérif, Derek entra directement par la fenêtre dans la chambre de Stiles. Il s'installa sur le fauteuil, au coin de la chambre et attendit. Il attendit assez longtemps pour le faire douter de ce qu'il était venu faire. Ce n'est pas une bonne idée pensa-t-il. Il voulu quitter la chambre, mais c'est à ce moment là, que Stiles décida de rentrer. PDV Stiles Il rentra dans sa chambre s'installa sur son lit et remarqua que sa fenêtre était ouverte. - Scott, combien de fois t'ai je dit de passer par la porte. Ce n'est pas parce que tu as des supers pouvoirs que tu peux te permettre de ... mais Stiles s'interrompit lorsqu'il remarqua que se n'était pas Scott mais Derek qui se trouvait dans sa chambre. Ce dernier avait enfilé un jeans et un t-shirt noir qui mettait en valeur ses bras musclés. Stiles avala de travers. - Derek, mais qu'est ce que tu fais ici ? - Je suis venu voir comment tu allais. Scott t'a quand même bien amoché hier. - Rien qui ait changé depuis ce matin tu sais répondit ironiquement Stiles. Je vais bien. - Tant mieux. Un sentiment de gêne s'installa entre eux. Aucun des deux hommes ne savait quoi dire. Derek prit son courage à deux main et s'installa à côté de Stiles sur le lit. Celui-ci se décala légèrement pour laisser un peu de place à Derek mais aussi pour ne pas sentir son corps collé au sien. Déjà qu'il réagissait à sa vue mais alors s'il devait le toucher, même un simple frolement, il aurait bien du mal à cacher son trouble. PDV Derek Il ne savait pas ce qui lui était passé par la tête. Dans un élan de il ne sait quoi il s'est installé sur le lit à côté de Stiles. Mais le jeune hyperactif a reculé à son contact. Simple question de faire plus de place ou de dégoût ? Derek n'aurait su le dire. Mais cela le stressa davantage et lui fit douter encore plus de ce qu'il allait lui annoncer. Mais comme il n'avait rien à perdre il se lanca et fut direct : - Je t'aime Stiles. Ce fut le silence. Stiles se crispa et regarda devant lui, complètement rouge. Derek pouvait entendre les battements rapides et irréguliers de son coeur. Il fixa Stiles attendant que celui-ci se mette à parler. Quelques minutes passèrent lorsque tout d'un coup Stiles se retourna vers Derek, un immense sourire accroché aux lèvres. - Alors comme ça le plus grand chef des loups-garous est amoureux d'un simple humain ? ironisa Stiles. - Ne me fais pas regretter ce que je viens de ... mais Derek ne put terminer sa phrase. Stiles venait de s'assoir à califourchon sur lui et avait emprisonné ses lèvres dans les siennes. Il s'embrassèrent passionément jusqu'à que Stiles rompent le baiser. - Moi aussi je t'aime sourwolf... Chapitre 3: Un amour parfait[Chapter 3] Chapitre 3: Un moment gênant, très gênant Voilà plusieurs semaines que Stiles et Derek s'étaient avoué leurs sentiments et depuis ils vivaient le parfait amour. Scott, Lydia, Kira, Liam et Peter n'étaient pas encore au courant de la relation de nos deux tourtereaux, mais ils avaient des soupçons. Le shérif quant à lui voyait bien que depuis quelque temps son fils avait changé; il souriait plus souvent, il lui faisait la bise chaque matin avant de partir au lycée bref des petites choses qui avaient disparu lors de la mort de sa femme, Claudia. Mais il était loin de se douter la cause de ce changement de comportement. Il la découvrit quelques jours plus tard, un vendredi soir. Comme il n'avait plus rien d'intéressant à faire au bureau, le shérif avait donc décidé de rentrer plus tôt à la maison afin de passer du temps avec son fils. Arrivé chez lui, il trouva la maison silencieuse. - Stiles tu es là ? Il entendit un faible bruit provenant de la chambre de son fils. \" Il a encore du mettre la musique à fond dans son casque pour ne pas m'avoir entendu\" pensa-t-il en montant les escaliers. Mais arrivé devant la porte de la chambre ces bruits ne ressemblaient pas à de la musique mais plutôt à des soupirs. Il ouvrit la porte en grand et ce qu'il vit fut pour lui une vision d'horreur. ( Pour nous juste du plaisir ^^'). Stiles complètement nu était en train de su... enfin de faire une petite gâterie à Derek en tenue d'Adam et Eve lui aussi. Il était présent de corps mais pas d'esprit, qui lui était perdu dans les affres du plaisir. C'est seulement quand Stiles remarqua la présence de son père et arrêta de faire ce qu'il était en train de faire (^^') que Derek revint sur Terre. Stiles était rouge comme une tomate et Derek essayait de cacher tant bien que mal son bijou proéminant avec un coussin. Tous les trois avaient la bouche grande ouverte et les yeux écarquillés de surprise. Le shérif passa ses mains sur son visage et dit: - J'ai besoins d'un remontant, un grand si possible sur ce il tourna les talons et descendit à la cuisine où il se servit un grand verre de whisky.[Chapter 4] Chapitre 4: Un mauvais rêve Stiles était attablé à la table de sa cuisine. Devant lui se tenait son père, très furieux. - Comment aurais-je put penser avoir un fils pareil ! Hurla le sheriff. - Mais pa... - Tais-toi ! Tu me dégoutes. Les gens comme toi ne devraient pas exister. C'est contre nature. Comment peut-on imaginer que deux hommes sortent ensemble? Impensable. Que diront les gens quand ils apprendront que tu es gay ? - Mais tu n'es pas obligé de le dire. - Et tu crois que cela ne se voit pas sur ton visage ? Les gens comme toi, on les reconnait rapidement. - Mais qu'est ce que tu racon... - La ferme! Hurla le sheriff devenant encore plus rouge. Tu fais vraiment tout pour me gâcher la vie. Juste pour un homme bien plus vieux que toi... - On n'a que 5 ans de différence ... répondit Stiles - que tu crois aimer... - Mais je l'aime murmura Stiles. - qui est un loup-garou - Mais ça ne change rie... - Et que son oncle est un psychopathe enragé termina le sheriff. - Ce n'est pas sa faute. On ne choisit pas sa famille répondit Stiles - C'est bien le cas. Si j'avais su que j'allais avoir un fils pareil, je me serais abstenu de faire la cour à Claudia. - Mais maman... - Mais ta mère, si elle était encore vivante aurait eu honte de toi. - NOOOOOOOOOOOON ! hurla Stiles en se réveillant. Il venait de sortir de son cauchemar. Il se trouvait dans son lit entouré de bras musclés, qui se révélaient appartenir à Derek. Celui-ci le rassura de sa voix douce: - Hé, bébé calme toi, ce n'est qu'un mauvais rêve. - Excuse-moi de t'avoir réveillé chuchota Stiles. - Aucun souci. Raconte-moi plutôt ce qui a bien put te faire si peur mon amour ? lui demanda Derek, tout en embrassant les cheveux de Stiles. - Toujours le même rêve où mon père n'est pas d'accord sur notre relation. Il me fait une crise de colère et puis... s'interrompit-il, les larmes aux yeux, en repensant à la dernière phrase prononcée par son père. Mais Derek le comprenait: - Ne t'inquiète pas mon chou. Tu sais bien que ton père n'a eu aucune réticence sur notre relation. Et puis ta mère serait fière de savoir qu'elle a eu un garçon qui est devenu un magnifique adolescent, intelligent, beau et ... - Et sexy termina Stiles en retrouvant le sourire. - Si tu le dit répondit le loup, le sourire aux lèvres. -Mais ! Je suis sexy, sinon pourquoi tu sortirais avec moi ? - Parce que je t'aime Stiles, de tout mon coeur. - Moi aussi je t'aime Sourwolf, de toute mon âme. - Waouh, c'est profond ce que tu viens de dire là. - Ce n'est pas toi qui as dit que j'étais intelligent ? Questionna Stiles en regardant Derek, de ses yeux innocents et rieurs à la fois. - Pas faux rigola Derek. Ils s'embrassèrent. Stiles s'installa dans les bras de Derek, cachant sa tête dans le creux de son épaule. Lorsque Stillinsky senior arriva dans la chambre de son fils, attiré par le cri poussé plus tôt par le plus jeune, les deux amoureux s'étaient endormis, blottit l'un contre l'autre, un sourire sur leurs lèvres. ","Summary":" Derek Hale et Stiles Stillinski PDV Stiles Chaud. Beaucoup trop chaud. C'est le premier mot qui lui"},{"Movie":"John Wick","Title":"Lure the Wolf","Author":"thattookaturnforthenerdy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11455350","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 Winston turned a sharp and caring eye on the younger man sitting in the booth across from him. He swirled the dry martini in his hand as he spoke, the stirring motion of the olives almost hypnotic. \"You're checking out tomorrow?\" His cool English accent calmed the jerking knee of his guest. \"Yes, that's right.\" The quiet voice of his companion confirmed. Winston harrumphed. There was not much talk that could be gotten out of John Wick these days. Two years after the ordeal with the Tarasovs, Winston noticed John becoming more of a familiar face around the Continental. When he had tried to acquire information about John's status, all he could learn was that Mr. Wick was now an executioner for hire. He'd shed the old strings of working for a mob boss, and answered only to himself now. Winston wondered if that was really what was best. \"An easy job then?\" He questioned, noting the careful way John's fingers caressed his glass of bourbon. A thin smile graced John's lips; one he quickly chased away by downing his drink. \"I'll see you around Winston.\" He mumbled. Winston stared as John stood and seemed to lumber through the crowd, and out of the club. This way of life is killing him, he thought with a shake of his head. He stared around him, at the legacy he had created. Underneath the grand hotel where mob enforcers, assassins, even members of the High Table itself were granted a temporary safe haven, was the Continental Club. The multi-colored lights flashed, the jazz band was on top form, and the bar was full. It was two a.m. on a Sunday – many of his patrons were celebrating a job well done. With a wry smile, Winston took another drink of his martini and went back to looking through his ledger. † Matilda Baier stepped out of the yellow New York City cab, and tilted her head back to stare at the hotel. She had heard stories of its grey stone façade, the gold 'C' embroidered on the canopy – a glittering refuge; but they had been just that: stories. She was facing the hotel for the first time herself. She couldn't help but wonder if she'd made the right decision in coming here. There was nothing left for her in London. Winston was the only family she knew anymore; but she had not seen him since she was a little girl. Taking a deep breath, Matilda took her two suitcases from the cabbie and walked up the steps to the entrance. A doorman smiled and opened the door for her, ushering her into a different world. The first thing she thought upon seeing the lobby was elegant. Everything here seemed to have been meticulously picked and placed to emit a sense of old-world glamour and modern charm; from the wrought iron fencing behind the reception desk, to the circular fireplaces in intervals in the walls, no detail was out of place. It all seemed to fit perfectly, an eccentric's ideal décor. She immediately felt at ease, and at home. She walked up to the long, dark wood desk, and was greeted by the well-dressed man standing behind. \"Hello miss,\" his cool accent further reassuring her, as he clasped his hands in front of him, his full attention on the woman before him. \"How may I be of service?\" \"I've got…\" Matilda dug through her handbag, looking for her invitation, \"this,\" she finished; she produced a cream-colored paper with a gold 'C' embossed on the front. Inside the invitation was a copy of the letter she had written to Winston, and his reply. There was also a note of her reservation, stating the day and time to appear. She handed it over and allowed the man to look through it a moment before he handed it back, typing something into his computer. His brow rose as he saw the manager's signature on the electronic reservation form. \"And how long will you be staying with us, Miss Baier?\" The hotel manager asked as he clicked a few more keys on his computer. \"I hope not too long.\" She replied, her thin Southern accent covering her words like honey on toast. Matilda had planned to stay here while she looked for a more permanent residence, but she had been wholly unprepared for the cost of New York living. The last year had been more a matter of spending money, and being unable to earn any. This had left her nearly penniless and almost no gold. Winston had charitably offered her a free stay, but she had insisted on owing him a Marker. Even though he was like a father to her she still had her pride. He had begrudgingly agreed, but insisted she stay as long as she needed to get comfortable. This would allow her to build her account, and her reputation. The receptionist smiled as he continued to stare at his screen. \"And this is your first visit to The Continental?\" \"It is.\" She confirmed. He pulled out a few informational packets and laid them across the desk. \"Just some light reading, to help get you started.\" He paused a moment before collecting them into a neat pile and handing them across the desk to her. \"The packet on top you may find most helpful: it is a map of our facilities.\" \"Thank you very kindly Charon.\" Winston said, coming up silently behind Matilda. He placed a light hand on the young woman's shoulder, not quite believing that she was here. Charon inclined his head and turned to grab Miss Baier's key. \"It appears you are in room 1002.\" He looked hesitantly in the manager's direction. \"It's the only other room on the tenth floor Miss Baier, apart from mine.\" Winston explained. \"Ahh.\" She understood now why the manager had seemed reticent to give her the key. She guessed that he placed the owner of the Continental in the highest regard, as did she. \"You have nothing to worry about Mr. Charon; I'll take good care of him.\" Matilda assured with a smile. Charon did not look very comforted by her bemused grin. \"Please, let me escort you.\" Winston took one of her suitcases and ushered her towards the elevator. He turned only to hand Charon a gold coin. The black doors slid closed, leaving the two alone in the gilded box. The silence that filled the lift was not awkward, but strained. The last time Winston had seen Matilda had been right before he – Winston shook his head. It would not do to dwell on things that lay in the past. It had been a number of years, and the girl he often called a daughter had certainly grown. He hadn't been surprised when he heard occasional London visitors whisper her name; growing up around the business often meant it became a family affair. And Matilda's father had been extraordinary. \"I'm very glad to have you here in town.\" He said, looking to fill the quiet. \"We'll be able to catch up now.\" Winston felt a small fluttering of happiness when she smiled, and flicked a strand of hair over her shoulder. \"I would like that very much.\" She said, looking over at him. \"The tenth floor dear.\" He announced as the doors opened with a shrill 'ding'. \"Your room is here, mine just a bit further down the hall, should you require anything.\" Matilda took her case from Winston and placed a hand on his shoulder. \"Thank you very much; you've been much kinder than I had any right to expect.\" Winston acknowledged the fragment of years-old shame as it passed through. \"My dear, the friendship your father and I had I shall gladly extend to you. I still consider you family, that much has not changed. Please ring Charon or any of the staff should you require anything. The Continental is here to serve your needs as long as you obey the rules.\" Adopted family or not, the rules were important; if Winston let someone break the rules, soon everyone would; the world that he and Richard Baier had so carefully cultivated, would descend once more into chaos and madness. The young woman nodded her head, understanding. \"No business conducted on hotel grounds.\" She replied softly. \"Is the most important.\" Winston affirmed with a nod. \"Read the pamphlets; you'll find them helpful.\" She leaned over to whisper in his ear, \"Thank you, il duca.\" He bristled visibly at the old name, memories of his youth surfacing. He turned from her, covering his shaking right hand with his left. \"You are your father's daughter.\" He said. \"I saw you more than my own father, Winston. You had just as much an effect on my childhood as he.\" She reminded him. Winston nodded, memories dragging to the surface. He often tried to forget his past, back when he had been another pawn in the game of the New York elite. \"You are right, my dear.\" He put a comforting hand on her shoulder, firm and steady. \"One of these nights we'll get together down at the Club and talk.\" Matilda nodded her head, understanding that this was goodbye for the night. \"Goodnight Winston.\" She said, turning to unlock her door. \"Cara ragazza, I'm very sorry for your loss.\" He whispered over her shoulder. By the tightening of her muscles, he knew that she had heard. She closed the door with a soft 'click'. Winston sighed, stepping down the hall to his room. He heard the telephone ringing, and management was always in.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 Matilda's alarm went off shrilly at six a.m. She groaned and rolled over; tempted to close her eyes and head back to bed. The king-sized bed was more inviting than it had any right to be, her comforter wrapping her in a warm cocoon. However, she knew if she gave up her morning workout routine she would soon find herself off the rails completely. Back in London, her exercises had been the only thing keeping her sane. Begrudgingly, she got up and forced herself to put on her yoga pants and a long-sleeved workout top. She quickly brushed her teeth and put on her socks and sneakers, just remembering to grab her room key before she left. In the elevator on her way down to the second floor she slipped it into her sports bra; her pants had no pockets, and well, and girl had to make do. The button for the second floor lit up and he headed down. In a normal hotel gym, Matilda might have been the only one awake at this hour. However, this was a hotel made up of the world's best assassins. The only open machine was a treadmill; her running partner was a man wearing running shorts and a tight black shirt. He had long hair, dark brown that came to the middle of his neck. Matilda shrugged, and taking her water bottle and towel, stepped up onto the machine. She shot her running partner a shy smile before turning on her iPod; she slipped her headphones on and turned on Here I Go Again by Whitesnake, and began with a light jog. † John woke up, a few short hours after heading to bed. He had not slept well, tossing and turning throughout the night, and he knew a quick workout and a coffee was the only way he would be able to get through a full day. He still had a drive home ahead of him, and a night full of looking his newest target file. It was a different kind of freedom, being able to pick whom he targeted. He had total control over what jobs he took and how they were handled. John was also better paid for his time and effort. The currency of the underworld was gold, but John was a man of the real world too. He always insisted on half in cash and half in gold, meaning he had more than a small fortune in both. Ever since Helen had died, and he had killed Iosef in revenge for the loss of Daisy, something in John had gone. His desire to live had left and he spent his days wandering like a ghost. He knew Winston was concerned, had seen Charon looking longer at him than usual. John did not have the energy to care. He was still here, functioning as regularly as he knew how. For John, this was enough. It was all he could be anymore. Tiredly, he put an Under Armour shirt on and some running shorts, heading down to the gym. He knew that at this time of morning, it would be packed, and that he would just have to grab a free machine. When he arrived, there were only two treadmills side by side. He gave a curt nod to the man on his left, and started up his machine. His calves screamed at him after a few minutes of working them; he had been running all weekend. He pushed himself harder, hoping it would help him sleep better that evening. He could afford to take a few days off work to let his legs recover this week. John had been there for about twenty minutes when the treadmill on his right suddenly started up. He glanced over, startled, to see a young woman putting headphones on. She started slow, but over the next few minutes had worked up to a well-paced jog. Wick had a difficult time keeping his eyes on the monitor in front of him. He had never seen her at the Continental before, and from the looks Mr. Taylor, on her right, was giving her, he had never seen her either. A new guest. The underworld was a large place, but the pool of people allowed to stay at a Continental was small. New patrons were rare. Only a few among the current clientele were extended the power to invite one assassin into the fold. Even John, one of Winston's favorites, didn't have the right. Marcus had received an invitation, to extend on his behalf, shortly before he was killed. For someone so young to be a guest, she must know powerful people. Or she got someone's attention, John thought. He guessed that she couldn't be any older than twenty-five. He supposed there was always the old 'grandfather' rule. It was one of the lesser known rights of the Continental and its patronage. For anyone able to claim twenty-five years of Hotel membership, their children who took on the business automatically received an invitation. Even though the Continental had been established fifty years ago, John knew of no one who had been grandfathered in. Most assassins didn't have children, or didn't live long enough to earn them the right. He stayed on the treadmill longer than he intended, occasionally looking over to see the girl's calf muscles working, or the beads of sweat working their way down her alabaster skin. Halfway through her workout she pulled a rubber band off her wrist and pulled back her light red hair. John shook his head, and wiped his face with his towel. This was the first time he had really looked at a woman since Helen, and he felt a hot flash of shame deep in his gut that she was so much younger. Helen had been his age, appropriate; looking at this girl made him feel dirty. Powering down his machine, he noted that he had only run three miles in the forty minutes he had been on it. Even with his legs on fire the whole time, he should have done better. Just the machine John , he told himself. Just not used to these new machines yet, or they are not calibrated correctly. Got nothing to do with the new redhead. He loped to the other side of the room to do some free weights with Mr. Taylor. The man was older than John by a few years, but the two had known each other for a long time. Brian Taylor was something of an enigma. Most assassins were not able to live comfortable lives outside of the underworld. Brian however, had a partner, Julian, and a set of seven year old twin girls who lived in Jersey. \"John Wick.\" Brian smiled as the younger man came to join him. \"Boy it has been a while.\" He hugged the man, not caring that they were both sweating from their respective workouts. \"Brian, how have you been?\" John asked, as soon as he was free. \"I've been doing alright. Julian's good and the kids are good; still have the same job, working for the big man.\" \"Caspar? He's still working?\" John shook his head, picking up a dumbbell and working his left arm. \"I heard he was grooming his son to take over?\" \"Yeah, Lauren Caspar.\" Brian worked his way into warrior three pose, breathing deeply while he exercised. \"Just a few years ago, the boy was drinking every night, gambling, and was taking pleasure in whatever company he could find. He wasn't any good to anyone, let alone his father. He sent Lauren away for two years and now the boy is making Esquire and People magazines most eligible bachelor's lists. He's doing better than his father could have hoped. Lauren's really cleaned up his act.\" Brian sounded impressed, and pleased that he could finally be proud of his future boss. \"I'm sure the CEO of Caspar Financial is very proud.\" John said. Caspar and his family were an outlier to the regular workings of John's world. They were an affluent Wall Street family, and had much pull amongst the New York social elite. Very few people knew of Mr. Caspar's shady dealings. Only those he paid, and paid to have killed. Brian had been on his security detail, and private hit squad, for years. John had made sure to avoid the Caspar's, never taking a job from him or any of his top known associates. It was dangerous enough working with criminals; working for a man so influential in both worlds seemed the wrong way to go. Brian was about to affirm, when his attention was diverted elsewhere. Directly across from them was a tumbling mat, though the regulars hardly ever used it. Few of them knew any real gymnastics, and the ones that did were too old to practice properly. But standing at the edge of the blue mat, was their new ginger mystery. \"Do you know who she is?\" Brian asked, speaking quietly. John shook his head. \"No idea.\" He watched as she stretched her arms and legs, the headphones cast aside for now. \"Who do you reckon let her in?\" Brian shrugged. \"There's maybe three of us now that could, ever since Marcus and Bradley passed.\" He seemed to think on it for a moment. \"I know it was not Rick; he does not know anyone that attractive.\" John's head turned to stare at his friend, surprised at his candor. \"What?\" He turned an amused eye towards his young friend. \"I may be an old queen, but I know beauty when I see it.\" John shook his head, a small smile playing on his lips. The urge to laugh with Brian came and went, as the young woman stepped onto the mat and began a series of somersaults. Once at the other end, she did a few backflips before twisting into a double back handspring. While uncommon, Brian noticed that he and John were the only ones in the exercise room who had taken an interest in her. He nudged John to get the man's attention back. \"I know you are checking out today, but checkout time is eleven a.m.; tell me you are staying for breakfast?\" John thought for a moment, switching the weight to his right hand. \"I had not thought about it. Maybe.\" \"I'll save you a seat in the lounge.\" Brian said with a smile. John shook his head, but was smiling. \"Let me finish here, and shower. I'll meet you at eight?\" \"Sounds agreeable.\" Brian said, walking over to a weight machine. \"I'll see you in an hour.\" John finished his workout a short while later and left the exercise room, toweling off his sweaty neck and face as he walked. As he brought the towel down, he noticed a certain redhead was just ahead of him in the hall. If he were lucky, they would be taking the elevator together. He was a few steps behind her, and just in time as the elevator doors closed. He punched the button for the eighth floor; his brow rose when he saw the lit '10' button. Only Winston stayed on the tenth floor, and he was not aware of the floor having another room. Curiosity won, and John couldn't stop the words coming from his mouth. \"Are you staying with Winston?\" † Matilda had been aware of John. Vaguely mindful of his reputation, but more so his presence in the gym. She had not known it was the John. Not until she had been on the mat and heard the other man talking to him. But how could she have ignored the fit older man running next to her, his hair framing his face in a distracted, yet beautiful way? But she knew that getting involved with anyone, imaginary or not, was dangerous. Her heart was still paying the consequences for London. Seeing him next to her in the elevator, she felt her heart patter, as it had not in the past year. She resigned herself to ignoring him, taking half-stolen glances for her own remembrance. \"Are you staying with Winston?\" The question was innocent, and unintended. Matilda could tell the way a flash of color lit his cheeks. He turned forward, not expecting an answer. It seemed that there was something about her that made John Wick feel he could be vulnerable in this murderer's playground. \"I'm staying in the other room on the tenth floor.\" She replied coolly. John turned towards her, mild surprise written in his muddy brown eyes. He extended his hand to her. \"I'm John Wick.\" Matilda grasped his hand and gave it a firm shake. \"Matilda Baier,\" she said with a hint of a smile. \"It's nice to meet you Mr. Wick.\" His brow rose at her introduction, but she wasn't surprised. Everyone knew the name Baier. \"John, please.\" He told her, his gruff voice filling the small space. \"Is this your first visit?\" \"It is yes; I'm moving to New York from London.\" She said, dropping her hand back to her side. \"I've never been to New York before so I'm hoping to have some time to familiarize myself with the city.\" A thin smile tugged at John's lips. \"The Continental Club is the best place to start; you will learn quickly who good company is, and who to avoid.\" A frown tugged at Matilda's lips. \"I'm curious, how it works. You spend Friday afternoon with a man having drinks, and when Monday morning rolls around, if his name comes up, you kill him. No matter the illusion of intimacy this hotel creates, it is just that – an illusion. We'll all go back to trying to kill one another if the money's good enough.\" John straightened at her assessment. \"Most of us, yes; some of us form friendships here. Even criminals need companionship.\" He answered, turning his head down to look at her. \"Which one are you?\" She asked, right as the elevator announced they had arrived at his floor. John just smiled, said, \"It was nice to meet you Miss Baier,\" and exited the elevator. Matilda shifted her weight onto one hip and held her elbows in her hands, grinning. John Wick seemed more different than the stories she had heard. She was intrigued to see if business would have him calling again. With a childish grin, Matilda unlocked her door and set about preparing herself for breakfast. ","Summary":" Chapter 1 Winston turned a sharp and caring eye on the younger man sitting in the booth across from"},{"Movie":"John Wick","Title":"Trapped","Author":"Little Storm 97","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12891551","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Trapped a John Wick fanfiction By Little Storm 97 Chapter 1 The girl Sarah was a regular, tormented girl. Abusing stepfather, indifferent mother, bullies on school, not even the losers wanted to be her friends, and the teachers wouldn't do a thing or believe anything she said. Her life pretty much sucked. But she didn't have the courage to run away, although she had already her things packed because she could always be returned to her house. Basically, she was on her own and she rather be out of her house as much as she could. That's how she ended up on the streets. And how she saw things she didn't think possible. Sarah liked just to take long walks and hear what people said. Especially the story-telling of the homeless. She heard stories so incredible that she told them that they could publish a book with them if they wanted. The homeless smiled at her and told her that no one would like to hear their stories. And she could see why. Their stories were about how there were assassins at every corner, how the big crime families had everything controlled, and how there was nothing in this world but cold and cynical pain. But that was why Sarah liked those stories. She could appreciate how truthful they were, granted, maybe it could be a little exaggerated but she knew that there was some truth on them. People that seemed completely normal could be real monsters… like her stepfather. The stories that she liked the most were about a certain Baba Yaga. A man that had been on the top of the \"Assassins world\" that had left everything behind because of love. She thought that his was the most unrealistic story of all, it couldn't be possible that a man like that existed. So, she consoled herself with his stories, because it gave her hope that she would get out of her situation, just like he did. Although she never fully believed that. Sarah had been on the streets for three months, the homeless men and women were nice to her and she felt safer than in her own house. She had helped them, going to grocery stores and buying things for them when they got kicked out and stuff like that. She had even managed to make her first friend, a woman -around the same age of her mom, named Valentina. She always let her buy something of food with the money people had given to her, and she worried about her when she came with bruises from the bullies and her stepfather. It was around six o'clock and soon, she had to return to home, Valentina was always very insistent that she shouldn't have been alone on the streets very late. When Sarah had asked why, her friend looked at her, serious and grave, her stare lost in the horizon as if looking for an old foe, smiled and answered her that she shouldn't worry about it . Sarah didn't understand why the sudden but just looking the shadows on her face was enough to send chills through her spine and to get away running. On her way home, she just could see how the shadows seemed larger and could feel that something had changed. She had known it, that there was something obscure in the streets, something scarier than hunger or despair. She wished she could just stay on her house but she'd rather take a chance of encountering those monsters than being more than it was necessary with her stepfather. That's how she found herself in middle of Hell. Valentina had asked her to do one more trip to the grocery store to get some chips and water, and against her own judgment, she went there even though it was near six. She thought she could do it. How wrong she was, it wasn't just another walk to the grocery. Usually, if she heard a strange sound she would continue her way, -Valentina had told her to do so. But this time, when she passed by a dark alley, she couldn't ignore the scream and the three small, consecutive and funny noises that didn't quite match the serious atmosphere. Sarah was a curious person and even though it was just a peek, she couldn't unseen the scene in front of her. A man was standing calmly in front of the dead body of a woman, a pool of blood was starting to cover the ground, and a homeless guy approached him. Sarah wanted to warn him, most of the homeless were drugged or drunk at night, the chances were that he didn't recognize the scene in front of him, maybe he would get himself killed. But none of that happened. Instead, the homeless guy greeted and chat with the killer, like there wasn't a corpse in front of them. Then the homeless guy took out a cellphone and dialed a number. It was a silent night and Sarah could pick up some of the words as she wasn't that far away from the two men. \"…Cleaning team, no, just one. In the alley, next to Antonio's grocery, yes, just one…\" Sarah froze. Were more going to come? She needed to get out of there. She started to abandon her hiding spot, a trash can that blocked her out of their sight when a cat jumped out of a carton box and startled her… And she screamed. Suddenly, the eyes of the two strangers were fixed on her and she couldn't move until the homeless guy said to the people on his phone. \"Make it two, we have a loose end.\" Sarah ran without a plan. Apparently, the killer wasn't preoccupied that she would get away, she could feel him following her, but he didn't rush, he was utterly confident that he would catch… and kill her. After a minute of running senselessly, she had an idea. Valentina, she could help her. Sarah started to take every secret shortcut that she could remember and reached out Valentina. There were no homeless with her, she smiled when she saw her approaching. \"Sarah! Good to see you, where are the chips?\" She asked and then frowned as if a terrible thing had happened, and it had but she couldn't know that, could she? \"Oh, no.\" \"Valentina! I saw a woman, she was dead and there were these two guys and now one of them is chasing me! I think he wants to kill me!\" \"You are the loose end.\" Sarah felt how pure and frenetic panic took control of her whole body. This couldn't be true. Valentina couldn't be one of them! Was she going to kill her? \"Here, stay put and don't move until I tell you to do so.\" She said and pushed her into a carton box and covered it with old, dirty blankets, Sarah couldn't breathe by her mouth and didn't had the strength to protest. Thus, she just sat there and started to cry, scared to the bones. The time passed but she couldn't tell how much. She just stayed put until her legs went numb and the smell of the blankets didn't bother her that much anymore. She even started to fall asleep. That's when Valentina took her out of the box. She seemed so serious and little scared before talking to her. \"I distracted them, they ain't going to find you for now, but you need to get the hell out of here. Luckily for you, they didn't get a good look to your face, so you have a better chance to scape. You can't wait to turn eighteen to run from your house, you got it? You have to leave now and never come back.\" She sighed. \"But, Valentina, I can't… where am I going to go?\" Sarah asked. \"I don't know and I can't know, if they found out I helped you they will force me to reveal your location, so don't tell me and just run as far as you can and don't trust anyone, we're everywhere, and even the police is on our pockets.\" Sarah didn't move and Valentina's face twisted into a ruthless smirk. \"NOW, YOU STUPID GIRL!\" Once again, Sarah run to never come back. There wasn't a reason why she should go to her house. The things that she had packed to run away weren't there but in her secret spot. Her house was in a very secluded area, the closest neighbor was about half mile of distance. That's why no one ever could backup her stories of abuse, there was no one who could listen. Anyway, it wasn't the time to think about it. She needed to get to her hiding spot and get the hell out of there. In three weeks, she would be eighteen. If she managed not to get caught in those three weeks, there was no way she would go back to Philly. Sarah was very lucky, she cut her hair and bought a low quality kinky costume that included a long red-hair wig with the money she had stolen from her stepfather for the past years. She had no interest in the nurse part, but she could really use the wig. According to Valentina, they didn't have an accurate description of her so the more she altered her appearance the less chances were that they recognized her. Maybe with enough time, they would forget her, after all, she was no one of much consequence… or so she hoped. Sarah had managed to get to the Pocono Mountains, the town near them was small, and that was a problem. People of small towns had long memories for outsiders and the least she wanted to do was to be remembered. It had only been two and a half weeks and she was quickly running out of money. She had to do something, find a small job and earn some money or steal… But that would happen when she reached the town. She could always just go to a convenience store and buy something edible until she turned eighteen in four more days. Then she could get a job without them calling her parents or something like that. The question was, could she survive another four days without having a ceiling over her head, in the cold mountains? It wasn't the time to think something like that, she needed to believe that she could do it. She didn't want to die like that, just because she wasn't strong enough. But she was so tired, and hungry, she had been walking all the way from Philly to the Mountains and barely sleeping, since the last week she had resolved to eat just two times a day the cheapest thing she could find in the stores. And all that was starting to take its toll on her. She was exhausted, and she couldn't take another step. So, she stopped. She decided not to enter to the town, and consulted the map that she bought. She was not that far away from it, but right now she just wanted to be alone and be miserable. She wandered into the woods until she found a nice, humid cave. She took the blanket out of her backpack and spread it on the floor, she used her jacket to cover herself and her backpack as a pillow. Sarah was so damn tired that she fell asleep right away. It was strange. She woke up about an hour later and found her way into the town, and she realized that she had counted the days bad. Her birthday was that day. She was of age, a large smile spread across her face and she didn't know why. It wasn't like now all her problems where gone but… It was a relief, now there was no way she was going to Philly. She had always been afraid that some Child Services Agent would track her and brought her back to her home… or worst, to put her into a foster care. Now, she realized it had been a foolish fear, even if they had managed to do so she would have run away again. Now she was legal. She used the restroom of the gas station to clean herself up a little bit, just enough that they wouldn't throw her out of the store by thinking she was a homeless girl. Maybe she could even ask for a job, save enough money and jump to the next state. \"Good morning,\" she said to the men assisting her. He looked about forty years old and had an unnerving smile, Sarah thought he may had have five cups of black coffee to put that smile on based on the large black bags under his eyes. \"Good morning, yourself Miss.\" \"I was wondering if there was a place where help is wanted that doesn't requires previous experience around here.\" The man's smile faltered. \"Unfortunately, right now there isn't,\" he answered and after looking at her ratted attire added, \"but tomorrow the boy of the night shift will quit, if you are interested.\" \"Oh well, thank you.\" She put her things on the counter and he started to check the items. At some point, the man threw her a weird glance and before he finished checking the items he turned back and searched for something behind the counter. Sarah tensed, was he one of them? Did he have a gun? But no, he pulled out a soap, a little shampoo, some Band-Aids, a white bandage and a little bottle of alcohol. \"That cut looks nasty, you should go to the doctor, but I suppose you don't have enough money, take that and patch yourself.\" Sarah looked at the things that he had handed to her, and gazed to her arm. She had a long gash on her right forearm from two days ago, when she jumped from a bench with metal cables and her backpack got stuck on them. The man couldn't see it complete because she had a long sleeve shirt but yes, it was a nasty one. She was lucky it hadn't got infected yet. \"Thanks, but I don't have enough money for everything…\" \"Don't worry about it, I'll pay, just take care of yourself Miss.\" Sarah could feel her chest swell with the purest gratitude that she had felt in all her life. \"Thank you.\" She said, and she meant every piece of it. The man smiled, this time it seemed genuine. \"You're welcome.\" Sarah got out of the gas station and started to head back to the lovely cave she found last time. She felt lighter, and during her walk, she started to sing. At first, it had been just in her head, her favorite songs started playing in her head. Her own private radio. Then she started to hum softly, it was a long walk, about half hour or so, and she noticed how beautiful the trees were, how exquisite their smell was. Without noticing it, she sang. Maybe it was awfully inappropriate in her situation but it felt so right for her. Walking on a sunshine , Zombie by The Cranberries, A whole new world from Aladdin, I don't wanna miss a thing by Aerosmith, Carry on my wayward son by Kansas, We're going down by Fall out boy, and so many other songs that didn't quite match together but that felt right to her, just burst out of her mouth. Quietly at first, and at the end, she stopped walking completely to do a whole pantomime of the songs. And she laughed in the middle of the forest. Maybe she was going mad, because out of nowhere a dog appeared. Sarah had always toyed with the idea of having a dog, and when she went to the library she looked for books of them. That's how she recognized this dog as a Pitbull, a beautiful brown dog. It was running towards her, and instead of running Sarah bent down and received him with open arms. \"Hello there,\" she started talking to him to calm him down. \"What's wrong handsome?\" As she pet him, she felt the dog was wet, she checked out what it was and her hand came out red. Sarah smelled her hand fearing the worst. She was right, it was blood, and she searched for any wounds on him but couldn't find anything. Therefore, there should be someone injured. The dog barked at her and started running from where he had come, she followed him with dread spreading through her entire being. They were far away from any civilization and she probably wasn't going to be of any use, but she still had to try. She sprinted after the dog and slowly, she noticed that they were headed to her cave. Really, what were the odds? She run for about two minutes, and there was the cave with her things inside, and probably a wounded person. She was right, again. A man with a white formal shirt with a huge red stain on it. His face was covered in small cuts and he had one shoe missing. Surprisingly, he was conscious. And aiming a gun at her. What a wonderful birthday. Hello everyone, this is a short fic that has been on my head ever since I saw John Wick 2, so it will be set after the events of that movie. I hope you liked this first chapter, if you did or you have any constructive critisism please leave a comment! c: See you in the next chapter.[Chapter 2] Trapped a John Wick fanfiction By Little Storm 97 Chapter 2 The man John Wick had had a hell of a week. After the hour that Winston had conceded him passed, he faced hell. John went with Dog to Aurelio's workshop and retrieved his car. With it, they went to what was left of John Wick's house. He took the briefcase that contained the other suit that he got in Rome, plus one gun with one charge. It was all he had. He got into the car with Dog, and through the mirror he took one last glance to his house. He hated this. He hated everything that drove him to return, he just wanted a normal life. He just wanted to mourn Helen as she deserved. He stopped at a store and bought a burnable phone –at some point he could need it-, a watch, a first aid kit, food for Dog and water. Then, he went to the bank, the normal one, mind you, in there he retired five grand and that was his last stop. After that, he had just driven out of the city as fast as he could. He just had ten more minutes before everyone started going after him. The hour had just passed and he had a plan. He just needed to make sure he stayed alive long enough to put it on track. He needed to get to Pennsylvania. The next state, and find his emergency cabin. However, he was aware that it wouldn't be easy. Maybe on the rode he would have to leave his car, maybe even Dog, but he wouldn't let it happen until it was necessary. As he had expected, not sooner than the time was up, they started to attack with everything they had. But he was Baba Yaga, and he was waiting for them. It started with two bikers, a team for a long time, he deduced by the way they acted without even glancing at each other. That was good for him, it meant that they had a patron, and he was going to find it. Predictably, they started shooting to the wheels, but apparently, Aurelio had done a better job that not even John had expected in just three days. However that didn't mean that the car was ready. The right door John suspected Aurelio had put the door at the last minute because it was hold by a chain, but at least the engine worked, he had the window glass and the wheels were reinforced with something that gave the assassins a hard time to flat them. They realized it was useless to aim at the tires and so, they accelerate until they were at the level of the windows. Dog was barking at them and John had to improvise. He pushed the brake, put the window down and aimed for the assassin on his left hand. Two on his chest, and he fell of his motorcycle. John was sure he was no longer someone to worry about. The second assassin came after him without hesitation. She -now he could see her curves-, had something like a holster for a large gun in her bike, and she was about to use it. \"Down!\" He commanded to Dog just as she started shooting. John hoped she wouldn't hit the fuel tank. He hit the accelerator with all his might and launched his car over and hit her. He knew this was just the beginning and that he wouldn't had a single moment of peace for a long time. He tightened his grip on the steering wheel, so strong until his knuckles went white. He just needed to be alive, he promised Helen he would live as long as he could; even though she wasn't with him anymore. And he intended to keep that promise, no matter what the costs were. It had been three days since the contract was on, and he had slept barely thirty minutes. Normally, he wouldn't have blinked in a situation like this but five days ago, he had gone into a two-day murder spree and right now, he didn't have the strength to pull everything off. Plus, he hadn't eaten in a day. It was starting to take its toll on him. Dog was still beside him, and he knew he had to ditch the car very soon. But not until he reached to border with Pennsylvania. From there he could walk to Pocono Mountains and find his supplies, then make his way towards Canada and find somewhere remote enough so they couldn't find him. He heard the click of a charger, he rolled on the floor as a burst of bullets impacted where he had been. \"Dog, go attack them when you're ready.\" He knew it was probably an insane action to have a dog as your backup, but then, his situation didn't let him have better. Dog ran away, but he couldn't mind that much, he just kept shooting. Suddenly he heard a loud cry of pain and he took the opportunity. John came out of his cover and shoot, he killed the assassin. Dog came running, wailing his tail happily. \"Thank you, boy.\" It had been a week since the contract started and he had already ditched his car. It was near the Pocono Mountains, so it wasn't a completely lost. However, someone had tracked him down, Clayton, an ex-coworker. They had shared some bourbon before, but now they were struggling against each other. A knife between them, in a forgotten cabin where John intended to rest for a moment. He wasn't lucky. Clayton was stronger than him, John was sure that everyone was at this point. Still, he could handle him, and he did. John let himself be pushed to the floor and just when Clayton came after him he pulled up his legs and pushed him over his head. Clayton hit the floor and John took the opportunity to stab him in the eye. However, he didn't expect that Clayton would be working with Terrance. Thus, he didn't expect the shots. And he got hit. He flinched, it had been on his side, and probably it didn't hit anything vital. John launched to grab Clayton's gun, it could probably still have a few charges, and took cover. \"Hi, John!\" Terrance said, awfully cheerful. \"I'm sorry to do this mate but, you know, business. I'll promise not to take too much time on you.\" John could practically picture his goofy smile that could fool anyone. But Terrance wasn't goofy, he was the scum of them, no one wanted to work with him, he enjoyed long hunts and slow and messy deaths. If you wanted a quick job, he wasn't your guy, if you wanted the bastard to suffer Terrance would probably do it for free. John had never known him but he had seen and heard of him. Dog wasn't near, John let him run and then got attacked, they got split. There was no way that Dog could save him this time. John breathed in and counted to three. \"C'mon mate,\" Terrance said. \"I was expecting the great and infamous Baba Yaga, don't disappoint me.\" John didn't plan to do so. He was moving. Terrance didn't expect a movement so bold which gave him a slight advantage. He launched his fist to his stomach and didn't waste time, he grabbed his left hand and twisted it upwards. He heard the so comforting sound of bones breaking and a gun clinking onto the floor. Then Terrance reacted and started to return the hits. And things started to get complicated. John wasn't in his best shape, he was tired, hungry, thirsty and injured, while Terrance was the complete opposite -aside his broken wrist. There were very few chances that he could survive this encounter. Between the fist exchanges, the struggle on the ground and sharp pain on his side, he started to fade away and to think that he didn't matter anymore. All his movements were subconsciously as he thought: Why was he fighting for? Why didn't he let them kill him? A punch on his stomach brought him back to reality. It wasn't the time to contemplate his existence, right now the only thing that he needed to do was to punch him back. And so, he did. He punched Terrance so hard that he stumbled backwards and crashed against the window. John saw an opportunity and went for it. He broke his left leg, and slammed his arms together above his head with one arm, then he proceeded to use his left hand to smash Terrance's head against the window's glass. John shouldn't be able to perform that stunt, he shouldn't have the strength to do all that but he was acting out of sheer desperation, and he managed to do so. Terrance's head broke the glass and in the process sliced his throat, possibly the aorta and John let him bleed to death. However, Terrance wasn't going to make it that easy for him, with his right leg he kicked him hard on his bullet wound and John flinched, tensed his jaw and tighten his grip against his neck. Soon, Terrance stopped kicking and slumped. John let him go and backed off. He was starting to feel the blood lost, and needed to do something fast. He remembered that he heard an engine before Clayton entered, he searched his body for the keys and found them. He got out of the cabin and there it was, then he got to the trunk and got the emergency-kit that every assassin should carry. John was on survival mode, he didn't remember exactly how he managed to find that cave, but he was certain that he wasn't being followed and that he could have a few moments of peace before anything came at his way. He sat on the floor as carefully as possible, the wound still hurt and now that he was somehow tranquil he started to think and retrace his steps. In his condition he calculated that he was about one mile from the cabin where he left the bodies. He assessed his situation and without a problem he concluded that he had small odds of getting out of it. Even if he managed to patch up himself, escape infection he needed the car to get as far away as possible. Otherwise it was going to be a hunt in the woods. John hoped that at least Terrance and Clayton hadn't warned the others about his location, which was likely as they were loners. He accommodated himself and got the bandage out, he was wincing in pain at every movement and Dog was preoccupated. He kept licking his face and John pushed him away, he didn't had time for that. Suddenly, Dog's ears stood up and left the cave running, John stood alert. In the stillness of the forest he could hear everything perfectly, for a few minutes he didn't hear a thing but then, very quietly he could identify Dog coming and another pattern of walking. Someone was coming. He left the bandage in the floor and prepared his gun, a few moments later Dog came and later someone entered his refuge. The woman, no, the girl in front of him was a mess. She had her honey eyes wide open, her hair looked worse than a bird's nest and she was thin beyond what was healthy. He could also tell she was exhausted and very frightened, she held her hands high but didn't drop the grocery bag she was carrying. John eyed her suspiciously. She looked harmless and innocent. He didn't lower his gun. When he had been in Kazajastan he met a twelve-year-old girl that he was glad he had on his side. He even thought that if she survived she could be better than him. But she didn't. He continued staring at the Threat, assessing her and didn't lowered his gun. She didn't try to escape, probably because of fear. His vision stated to faltered and he struggled to keep the gun up, he was so focused in the threat that he didn't noticed Dog until he barked. He looked at the brown dog that was wailing his tail by the Threat's side. John didn't have much strength within him and let his guard down. He trusted Dog and honestly, he didn't think that he could escape the Threat's if she wanted to kill him. John only hoped that he could die as peacefully as possible. The gun clicked in the floor and the man looked unconscious. Now that she was more relaxed she could see that he had tried to patch himself up but didn't finished; he was probably trying to put on a bandage, he had his shirt almost completely opened and a white with red stains bandage was on the floor of the cave. Sarah tried to convince herself that she shouldn't help him but between her Conscience and the whimpering of the dog she was kneeling before she noticed. She took the bandage and with shaky hands started to pass it through his thorax being very careful of not waking him up. She didn't really know what she was doing, the dog was licking the men's face and she prayed that he didn't wake up and strangled her for helping him. Once she had finished she collapsed and stayed put. Suddenly she was exhausted and overwhelmed, her hands were covered in blood and she didn't know what to do next. The thoughts wouldn't connect properly in her head but for the first time in a while the dog stopped barking or whimpering and that helped. Her eyes drifted once again to the man and, for the first time, she could see how pale and tired he was, and that his wound in the thorax wasn't the only one. Just what on Earth had happened to him? A thought surfaced on her mind, could it be possible that they were after him too? Could they be near? Were they still looking for her? Sarah trembled. What did they want? She didn't really saw anything of value and even if she did, she wasn't going to talk. Why were they so fixed on her? And just like that another thought stroke her. What if they had already forgotten about her but they were after him ? She gazed at him a little longer and concluded that if she was found with him she would be killed no matter what. She wasn't going to let that happen, she had been through so much already to die for association. Sarah stood up and took her grocery bag and the few belongings that she had on the cave and looked at them. The dog was laying down near his master and he didn't seem dangerous now, and it also looked that he wasn't going to wake anytime soon. She prepared to leave but in a last wild and crazy moment of consideration let her blanket near them. As she left the cave Sarah wondered if that man was ever going to wake up. She certainly didn't care but she needed to put as much distance as possible between them before he woke up. Those were her thoughts as she wondered without direction or destination. Sarah didn't know what was her best course of action, should she stay in the mountains and looked for another cave? Should she go down to town? Or was it better if she continued walking? How far could she go? Was she strong enough to continue? Sara stopped and looked around. What was she doing? What was happening? She couldn't just run around desperately, she needed a plan. She hid behind an enormous rock and started to think. Her priority was to treat her wound, she could only be lucky a handful of times. It wasn't infected yet, she had taken care of it as best as she could the past days but now she needed to put a bandage on. She took of her hoodie and exposed her arm to see how it was and then treated it. The wind started blowing and it was starting to get cold. She realized the big mistake she made when she left her blanket to the man. Once again, Sarah wandered what she was going to do, there was the option to go down to the town and ask for help, and maybe she could go to a church or to the store… But then again, there was the possibility that they were in the forest and that in her way to the town they would find and kill her. On the other hand if she stayed in the wild she could probably die of hypothermia. However there was another option, she could return to the cave, take the blanket and find another cave, she hadn't run that far away and there was less chance to be discovered in her way to the cave than to the town, and the man was in bad shape, he probably was still unconscious. Sarah made her decision, put her hoodie on and started walking as fast as she could, after all the more the time passed the more chances were that he would wake up. John came back to consciousness after a while and was surprised to see that he wasn't dead yet and more importantly, to feel a slight pressure in his torso. He looked down and encountered the bandage, he didn't remembered putting it on and everything in his memory was fuzzy. Slowly he remembered the girl with the bird nest for hair and immediately declassified her as Threat. Somehow he got lucky and met an innocent civilian for once. Dog licked his face and John pet him. That's how the blanket in the floor caught his attention and he smiled a little bit. Indeed, an innocent civilian. \"Fetch\", he commanded Dog pointing to the blanket. Dog obeyed and brought him the blanket, John covered themselves with the blanket and let himself to relax. He closed his eyes and thought of nothing in particular and focused in listening to the sounds of the forest. He was falling asleep when Dog lifted his ears and stood alert, John grabbed the gun once again and watched the entrance of the cave as he heard the rumors of footsteps in the ground of the forest. Moments later the girl entered the cave again, nothing had changed except that this time John lowered his gun. Hello guys! Thank you for the support for the first chapter to FairyMaster23, lilrose88 and the Guest , I'm glad that you enjoyed it, I hope this chapter was also enjoyable and if you liked it please continue to moral support this little autor with your reviews, favorites and follows. Right now I'm working and studying so I can't promise constant updates to the story, however rest assured that I will finish it. Hope you have a great week![Chapter 3] Chapter 3 Allies Sarah was nervous, but then again, she was beside the man that had threatened her a few minutes before, so no one could really blame her. Although he had put down the gun and wasn't doing anything weird (if you didn't count the unnerving piercing look he kept giving her) she was still uncomfortable and without a clue of what to do next. \"So… how are you?\" The most stupid question that could be asked was asked. When it was clear that he wasn't going to answer she continued. \"I mean, your wounds. I did my best but, well, I didn't know what I was doing… is the bandage okay?\" The man nodded, progress. \"Sweet, then, we need to do something. You are injured, and I have no idea how to help you so, how about we take you to the hospital and…\" \"No.\" It was said with such authority and finality that Sarah immediately started thinking on a new plan. \"I could go to the store to get you something? Is there anyone that can help you? \"He shook his head. \"Right, then you should rest, and I will go tomorrow to the store. We should make a list of what do we need to treat your wounds.\" Sarah paused and looked at him and what she saw wasn't good. He was barely awake and was very pale, she wasn't an expert, but she had the suspicion that he could die at any minute. What could she possibly do to make it better? Should she let him die? She took a deep breath and spoke with all the confidence she could muster in a situation like this. \"You won't last long if we don't get help and patch you up in some way. Help me out. If you don't want to go to the hospital and you don't want to die you must have some sort of plan. Or at least a better idea than mine.\" The man just kept staring at her, Sarah didn't know if it was tiredness or simply a refusal to have an actual conversation like human beings. \"Do you have any more supplies?\" She asked without expecting a full answer, and she was right, he nodded. \"Where?\" \"I ditched them.\" His first sentence, the words got out in a very hoarse voice. \"Excellent, I'll search for them, are they far from here?\" He shook his head. \"Was anyone following you?\" His stare turned more intense and he seemed to be evaluating her. He took his time to decide if she was worthy of such information or no. \"Not now.\" Fantastic, that didn't tell her anything. What if there were more people after him and she found them? She needed more information and he was starting to irk her. \"Do you want to live or not?\" She finally asked annoyed at the lack of emotion of the man. \"Because I do and if I go out there for that kit I want it to be for a reason.\" For a terrifying moment he seemed lost, but it passed so quickly that she wondered if she imagined it. \"Take the Dog.\" Sarah let out the breath that she was holding and sprung to action. The more time she let pass, the more chances that someone would get closer to where they were. \"C'mon boy,\" she said, and the dog followed her. \"Should I go right or left?\" \"East\" Right, then. She was sure she could manage it, after all she just needed to find the trail of blood till the first aid kit was on sight. Surely, she would return before it got dark. Sarah walked through the forest as fast and carefully as she could and kept an eye on the dog in case he got a sense of anything. Surprisingly there wasn't a lot of blood, but it was enough to follow the trail easily. Apparently, the man got farther than she thought in his condition, she had been walking for about a mile. She had found the kit behind a tree and she was glad the sun was still up… And a big cabin appeared on her way. Sarah stopped and hid when she noticed there was a car with the trunk open, maybe someone else was there. She waited ten minutes, but no one came out, it seemed safe to abandon her hiding place and approach the car, so she did. There were guns, knifes and a freaking assault rifle in there. She calmed herself down, telling herself that of course, the man had threatened her with a gun and was badly injured after all, it shouldn't surprise her. However, she wasn't prepared for the two dead bodies that where inside the cabin. John Wick closed his eyes, he needed to rest if he wanted to do a proper assessment to his condition. He was very careful not to fall deeply asleep, just to rest and focus his mind on the task ahead. Once he felt ready, he opened his eyes and stripped himself to inspect his injuries. If the bullet got out of his body (which he didn't know because of the bandage) it wouldn't be as bad as he feared, he could even survive with first aid, a shit ton of water and painkillers. Bruises covered almost every part of his body, but he discarded the internal bleeding, otherwise he would already been death. He dressed up again, trying not to move much and put the blanket on again, as he waited for the girl and Dog. He took his gun and checked how many rounds did he had left, unsurprisingly not enough. In his situation nothing was enough or good. Sleep claimed him, and he fully rested, when he opened his eyes again the girl still was missing. He probably shouldn't have given her Dog, but then again it was probably for the best. He thought of what to do once (if) she arrived with the supplies. First, they should treat his wounds. She could probably help him if he gave her instructions, the bandage that she put was decent, which indicated some sort of talent. After that, he should probably get out and steal a car to continue and leave the girl in peace. It didn't make much sense to plan after that, plans didn't survive that much, and he would have to improvise anyways. He listed all his secret stashes and draw the optimum route to all of them from his approximate location. When he was done he slept more, still no signs of her. John really hoped they hadn't killed her. A blunt sound woke him up. The first thing he saw and felt was Dog's face and his breath, respectively. He petted him and tilted his head just so he could see her, he lowered the gun he instinctively aimed at her. She surprised him again. \"It was farther than I imagined,\" She said panting and looking tired. The emergency kit was in her right hand and another satchel was on her left, she put both on the floor. \"I'll be right back.\" And just like that he was alone again without further explanation. John reached for the kit and opened it. Terrance and Clayton were well equipped, they had the good painkillers and almost everything he needed. The other satchel wasn't familiar to him, but before he could inspect it she returned. His brows rose just a bit, he tensed and had his gun aimed at her in seconds. The honey-eyed girl had a rifle fund on her back and seemed annoyed at his actions. \"Really?\" She asked, disbelief clear in her voice. \"I just went wandering into the forest for the first aid kit for you, searched the car and the cabin with two dead men inside and THIS is what I get?\" John internally admitted that she had a point. However, he couldn't lower his gun, every fiber of his being screamed that under no circumstance he should do so. Sarah noticed the shift in his demeanor and dropped the attitude, put her hands up in the air just like a couple of hours before and spoke in a calm, soothing voice. \"I'm going to turn around, so you can see I don't have anything else on me, OK?\" She didn't expect him to answer and turned slowly. \"I'm going to put the case on the floor.\" She announced, he kept looking at her. Once she successfully dropped the case, she continued talking. \"One more turn, I'm going to put my shirt slightly up, don't shoot.\" Another turn and she hoped he would lower his gun. Seriously, the annoyance-induced bravado was fading, and she could feel a knot on her stomach as fear rose. He didn't lower his gun but gestured towards her feet. She kneeled slowly and raised her pants and gave another turn. She spoke as she did so. \"I covered the trail of blood when I came back, and I took as much things I could from the cabin and what I couldn't carry all the way here I hid along the way, so I could retrieve them later without going to the cabin again.\" Sarah could swear he was impressed but couldn't be sure, she would be impressed at herself in that situation, though. The sun was setting and that made it harder to see his face and read his expressions… not that he had many to begin with. She needed to offer something more. \"In that satchel are all the knifes, ammunitions and hand guns the men had.\" She waited a little. \"My name is Sarah, by the way. Could you lower the gun? Please? It makes me nervous.\" Surprisingly, after processing her words he complied, and she relaxed. \"Thanks.\" She awkwardly said. She sat down on the floor and took of her boots to rub her feet. It had been a long walk indeed. The man moved, and Sarah tensed until she saw he was removing his bandages. It seemed that the wound stopped bleeding although to her eyes it was still bad. She looked at him and he seemed unconcerned about it. He started nursing himself slowly and efficiently, she hesitated to offer her help, he would probably choke her should she came close. \"Do you want help?\" Sarah asked nonetheless. The man assessed her and nodded. She approached him carefully and didn't make a move that he didn't approve. For the tenth time in ten minutes she asked herself, Why I am even here? \"Do you see any bullet hole on my back?\" He asked with a hoarse voice. With the help of a hand lamp she could see there was a small hole on his left side, it was approximately half an inch into his body, under the ribs. She informed him this and he nodded (such an expressive guy) and asked her to wash her hands. She used the bottle of water that she had left and faced him. He was biting down a piece of the blanket, Sarah knew the real job was about to begin. Sarah woke the next morning and rubbed her eyes, something was lying by her side. It was the dog, he was warm and looked at her, stood up, stretched and licked her face as saying, \"good morning\". She petted him and smiled, a meter from her was the man still sleeping with the good blanket. Sarah stood and walked towards her backpack, trying no to wake him up as he would probably try to shoot her again. She searched for the trinkets the man from the store gave her yesterday and ate them quietly outside the food. The man was still asleep, Sarah was bored and decided to go to the town. As she walked out the cave the dog followed her. \"Stay!\" She commanded in a whisper, the dog didn't look happy about it. \"Stay here!\" She turned, and this time made her way to the town alone. It was still early, and she walked fast so she wouldn't encounter any more people than necessary. This time she avoided all homeless and, walked to the street where the store was hopefully she could start with her job right away. \"Hello?\" She said when she entered. A woman was behind the counter and eyed her with distrust. \"May I help you?\" \"Yes, yesterday the man that works here told me that there would be an opening for a job and that I could take it.\" Sarah explained confidently. \"What was the man's name?\" \"Glenn.\" Sarah said confidently as she recalled the name on the tag. \"Right, well the opening is for the night shift, but I think you could start learning now.\" After the woman introduced herself as Paty, she explained to her everything, the work hours, payment, etc. She stopped when she took in her completely, made a face of disgust and said to her bluntly. \"You should clean yourself, use the bathroom, you'll scare the costumers.\" After Paty left Sarah alone for twenty minutes and gave her a t-shirt of the store, the day turned out uneventful. Although she ate a hot dog, it was delicious and Paty's treat. At the end of the shift Paty surprised her and gave her a plastic bag with a bottle of water and some more of junk food. \"This will come off you pay so don't get too excited.\" She said gruffly. Sarah smiled, said thanks and made her way towards the cave. She took a detour and grabbed one of the packages that she hid yesterday. When she arrived, the man was awake, and the dog received her wiggling his tail. \"Hey,\" she said. \"How are you?\" Again, no answer but she figured he was better by the way his eyes seemed clearer and more focused than the day before. \"I see you're better, I brought this for you.\" She lifted the bag de shook it playfully. \"I got this from my new work and thought that you needed it more than I do though it would be better if it wasn't junk food is the best I can do for now.\" She gave it to him, but he didn't take it. \"Is there something wrong?\" \"Eat it.\" He stated simply. She opened the twinkys bag and took a small bite, she was trying to let him have as much as possible. He stared at her intently swallow the food (it seemed it was the only thing he could do). She looked at him confused, what was all that about? He extended his hand and took the food slowly and ate it still staring at her. As how it was now normal, the situation turned awkward and Sarah started babbling. \"They will pay me for week, I'm going to save for a bus ticket to the next city, I don't care which, and keep moving. Also, I brought another bag of the items I found in the car, apparently, they didn't eat or something, but they had water. I thought about going back and take the wheels or something, so we could sell it and have money… But it's a bad idea anyways, we will have to wait until the end of the week to buy a bus ticket or something. Also, you need new clothes, I only found a T-shirt and some pants, but you'll need also underwear…\" She could feel herself blushing, this time she was sure he was amused. She cleared her throat and continued. \"Even so, it's better than being covered in blood don't you think? And we must find another place to hide, your wound could get infected. Do you think you can walk if I find somewhere near?\" He nodded and for the longest time both remained silent. \"Does the dog have a name?\" Sarah asked while she petted him and looked at the man, he shook his head. \"Hum, I'll think of something, what's your name?\" John woke up in the middle of the night, the girl -he refused to call her by her name- was in a deep sleep. He took advantage of that and inspected every bag she brought from the cabin, at the end of his inspection he knew there weren't any trackers in the items. By checking her belongings, he confirmed that she was a regular civilian. Now the only thing that worried him was that the belongings that she planted on the way had trackers, but he couldn't do anything about those for the time being. He looked at the black lump that was the girl in the darkness. He was almost sure that she had nothing to do with the Assassins, however, she couldn't be completely innocent either. After all, she had carried a rifle, looted corpses and hadn't faint when she saw his wounds. So, no, not a normal civilian but not an assassin either, and she couldn't be also a trainee because she would have been more skilled in her first aid. What should he do with her? He wondered as he balanced a knife in his hand. She could be useful, she had proven to be smart to some extent and had stomach and good resilience. The only question that he needed to answer was, why was she on the run? He went back to sleep, there would be more time to figure everything out. The girl's sounds woke him up again, he decided to pretend still being asleep. She didn't try to get near him, take any of the guns or killing him in general. He waited longer but she didn't seem to come back so he stood up and looked around. There wasn't a bomb or a device that could potentially kill him. Surely, she wasn't after the reward. John started doing a quick assessment of his injuries, changed his bandage and forced himself to stan up and walk around the cave to train. He couldn't afford to be out of shape or sleeping around. Luck had been on his side this time, Terrance and Clayton were loners, so they probably didn't tell anyone that they had found him. Splitting the reward on two was enough for them, for sure. He needed to keep moving, the only thing stopping him was the girl and he was growing impatient. He checked the time in the watch he still had and determined that he couldn't waste more time and the girl would be fine. Then, Dog stood alert, smelled the air and wiggled his tail. The girl was back. She carried two bags, one from the same store of the bag which she got the bandages last time. That was bad, people would remember her. As she spoke, things got worse. She had gotten herself a job and she planned in staying there, at least for a week. That wouldn't do for him. Somehow between all her rambling she had the idea of taking care of the car, which wasn't bad, but he was glad she hadn't return to the cabin. \"..you'll need also underwear…\" She said. Was she real? Who cared for things like that in this situation? He was somewhat amused by her flushing and attempt at keeping it \"cool\". He ate the twinky she offered him and kept assessing her. That would be the perfect opportunity to test her. He let her keep babbling. \"… what's your name?\" She asked looking at him intently. \"James.\" He said simply. \"Well, it's nice to meet you James.\" She said awkwardly, she paused and looked at him distrustfully. \"Are you… being chased by them too?\" It wasn't necessary to specify who them were. John nodded, the girl went pale and stiff. They had something in common, they could work together. \"Why?\" She asked and looked at the weapons spread thorough the cave's floor. He decided to tell part of the truth, after all, she wasn't dumb. She had seen the corpses, the guns, his wounds, she wouldn't believe him if he told her he was a witness. \"I wanted out.\" \"Like Baba Yaga, right? When I was in the streets the homeless told me stories. I never thought they were real until…\" She got lost on her thoughts and John knew she was, indeed, a loose end. And a loose end that knew enough of their world to know his legend. Wrong place, wrong time. \"Anyway, we should help each other, don't you think?\" She asked hopeful. They regarded each other for a long time, taking in everything they say of each other. After a while, John nodded. They established a plan. To Sarah's dismay, they would continue by foot after she worked a week in the store and bought enough supplies until the next town was near. She would also need to make a trip to the town to buy new clothes, specially for her. Sarah was now in charge of getting food supplies, ammunitions and medicines for the two of them and Champion -she had named the dog after all-, and for that she needed to look decent enough. As time passed she would need to disguise herself. When she asked where they would get the money he assured her it wasn't something they should worry about. Sarah was astonished how much trust she put in this man who she just met and knew nothing about, that clearly could murder people. However, what other choices did she have? She needed to survive and so did he. N/A: Thank you so much for the support! To the readers that had favorited, followed and commented this story, specially to FairyMaster23, who commented the last chapter. I hope you liked this one! See you in the next chapter! Happy new year! ","Summary":" Trapped a John Wick fanfiction By Little Storm 97 Chapter 1 The girl Sarah was a regular, tormented"},{"Movie":"John Wick","Title":"Getting Out Alive: Forgiveness","Author":"awkwardconversation","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13002925","Passage":"[Chapter 1] **i own nothing and there could be spoilers so beware. oh and thanks for stopping by for a read** Evie dropped her keys on the small table by her door and walked to her bedroom. She finished her work for the day and was ready for a long bath and long nights sleep. She started her bath and walked into her room to grab her soft yellow robe. It was her favorite piece of clothing. As she turned to walk back to the bathroom something felt off to her. A sense within her that she thought was gone. The last time she felt it was years ago. She shook it off. She sat in her usual spot at the small coffee shop as she mentally prepared for the day. She noticed a large man staring at her. She politely smiled but her suspicions were high. That feeling of something off had returned. As she turned to grab her keys from her purse at her side a man slid into the seat across from her. \"Evie, how are you this morning.\" He said. She smiled, \"A bit confused. You seem to know my name but I don't know you.\" He chucked, \"I'm a friend of your friends.\" She stared at him, \"What friend?\" He slid his hand upon the table and she could see the small gun hid beneath his large hand. \"John?\" Now she understood the feeling. \"I am not sure I'd call him friend. I haven't seen him since—\" \"Since he put you in hiding at Aurelio's.\" Said the man. She was shocked at his knowledge and irritated that he existed. \"What do you want?\" She asked bluntly not looking to play games. \"Your company.\" He said. \"I am expected at work and if you're looking to leverage me to draw him out, it won't work.\" She said. He chuckled again. She fought the urge to punch him knowing it would be of no use. \"I'm thinking it will.\" \"Well, whoever you are, the last time I saw him was the last time. I'm not going anywhere.\" She said. He leaned in and spoke quietly, \"look around, Evie, the man to your left in the tan jacket, the woman at the counter in the tank top, and the old man in the red shirt are all waiting for my signal. Do you really want to be the cause of more bloodshed? Isn't that what these years have been about? You trying to come to terms with all of that? Those who died because of you? Because he wanted to keep you safe?\" Her blood boiled at his threatening words. \" I wouldn't mind him shedding your blood right about now.\" He smiled and sat back. \"Well then, let's go.\" \"I'm concerned.\" Said Aurelio. \"She normally checks in. I just wanted to let you know.\" He said setting down the phone receiver. Aurelio knew the message would get to where it needed. He knew Evie would never keep him guessing. He knew her bloodline would always put her at risk but she always played it safe. He would wait to hear. Evie turned white as she walked into the large room. Reluctantly she walked towards a large man. \"Ms. Evie. We appreciate your cooperation.\" He said. \"Do not fool yourself. I've given no permission. Your goon gave me no choice.\" She said. He just smiled at her. \"Either way, we have unfinished business with John.\" He explained. \"Not my problem.\" She said surveying the room. \"He seemed to have a soft spot for you.\" Said the man. \"Yes, past tense. He helped me and he left.\" She said. \"Not quite. He cleared your fathers debt. Your a free woman.\" He said. \"But in doing so, he killed a man he owed a marker to.\" Continued the man. \"That's a death sentence.\" \"Not my problem.\" She said hoping to make herself believe it. When she had no idea that to cover for her killing Motkova John was now hunted. \"Oh, but it is.\" Said the man. \"Who are you?\" She asked. \"Cassian. And I have a proposal for you.\" He said. Evie wasn't sure she could trust this man. She wasn't about to be bait to bring John to his death. She wouldn't let him take the consequences due her. \"I don't want to hear anything you have to say.\" She said. He stepped close to her. She stared him directly in the eye as he stopped inches before her. She would be damned if she let this man intimidate her. \"I know he said he killed Motkova but I don't believe it. You see, not everyone shot, died.\" He said. Evie kept calm. \"There was a survivor.\" He said watching her closely. \"He says you killed Motkova.\" Evie kept direct eye contact. \"I'll keep your secret. I'll keep you safe. You see, I have a score to settle with John and I figure you do too.\" He said. \"He killed your mother. Why should you care if he lives or dies?\"[Chapter 2] Evie was given a room equipped with two security guards to protect her. She knew it was to make sure she didn't escape. She was prisoner and bait to bring him back. It was a waste of time. She knew Aurelio would wonder what was going on. They had removed her cell phone so she had no way to call anyone. She would play along for now. She was thankful to John for saving her but also angry at him. The more she thought about it the more she felt he was responsible for the shits-storm that became her life. Her father carried a blame and so did her mother. Her both traded her to save themselves. She was a commodity. She admitted John did not do her the same disservice. To John, she was a innocent victim. A part of her hated him but the other part of her wrestled with that hate. He had saved her even though he didn't know her. He took the blame to protect her. He was out there trying to clear her debt. She hated him for that too. She prayed he wouldn't come. She could face this alone. Always alone, she thought as she became aware she was rubbing the scars on her wrist. The image of his goodbye to her ran through her head as she stared at the scar. John had spoken to the few men who admitted association with Motkova. Some needed persuasion to share what they knew. And what they knew did not sit well with John. He needed to find Evie before her father. \"You killed Motkova.\" Said Cassian. \"I never said I didn't.\" She said. Cassian motioned to a man by the door. Evie watched as the man left the room. \"Yet you never said you did.\" He said. Evie stared at Cassian trying to understand his point. Evie noticed as the man returned to the room with an older gentleman dressed in a suit. She felt a panic spread through her as she recognized the face. Her father. \"Hello daughter.\" Said the man who she thought she'd killed alongside Motkova. She stood as a reflex knocking the chair to the floor behind her. Cassian's men quickly grabbed her by her arms to restrain her. She stood staring at the man. \"I forgive you daughter, but there are consequences. You aren't leaving this world anytime soon. Your mother can't protect you anymore. Mr. Wick can't protect you. You need to accept these things.\" He said smiling in a way that made her feel sick. \"Welcome home.\" Aurelio was attempting to hammer out the massive dents in John's car. He knew it was pointless but he also knew John would appreciate if he could keep the original parts as much as possible. He was sentimental that way. It had been 24 hours since Evie had left. He had his men out looking for her. Aurelio heard a noise. He kept grip of his hammer as he cautiously moved towards the direction of the noise. His tight grip on the hammer loosened as he saw John walking towards him. \"You scared the shit out of me.\" Said Aurelio. \"Where is she?\" He said walking towards him. \"I don't know. It's been 24 hours.\" He said. \"She just went to grab a coffee and never returned.\" \"Her father's alive.\" Said John. \"Shit.\" Said Aurelio. \"Motkova's dead so the debt is cleared.\" Said John. \"Yeah, but daddy knows who killed Motkova.\" Said Aurelio realizing now the danger Evie was in. \"Maybe she realized it and is hiding.\" \"Maybe.\" Said John. Cassian walked into Evie's room and laid a garment bag on the couch where she sat. \"Your father would like you to get dressed. We are going to meet an associate for dinner.\" Said Cassian. Evie said nothing. \"I can see you care about him.\" Said Cassian watching her. \"I could care less about my father.\" She said. \"I meant John.\" Said Cassian as he watched her demeanor change from uncaring to anger. \"He's the only person who cared about my life outside of their own gain.\" She argued. \"He killed your mother.\" He said. \"Why do you want him dead?\" She asked shifting the topic. \"He left me for dead.\" Said Cassian. \"A liability of your profession, isn't it?\" She asked. \"I owe him.\" Said Cassian. \"Fine. Let me go and find him on your own.\" She said. \"He also killed someone I cared about.\" He said. Evie took a deep breath. She was a bit clearer now why she was involved. \"So kill me if you think he gives a damn whether I live or die.\" She challenged. \"Oh, he does.\" He said smiling. \"But now is not the time.\" He said walking from the room. She opened the bag and saw the same dress she was given at the Continental by John to wear. She wasn't sure what game her father and this man, Cassian, were playing. She made up her mind that no matter what the game, her role would not be victim.[Chapter 3] **sorry for delayed updates. I write when I can between other projects. just a reminder, I own nothing. I am just killing time till the next installment** Evie walked outside her room. The two men guarding her door turned to her. \"I need to speak to the man who claims to be my father.\" She said. \"Now.\" They led her to a large study. \"Daughter.\" Said her father. \"Please sit.\" \"Look, your debt was cleared and I have to live with my consequences for that. I'm not a killer but I did what I had to do. I have no connection to John Wick outside of being at the wrong place at the wrong time and being pulled into something that was not mine. You benefited from what I did so we're square.\" She said. Her father sat back in his chair studying her before he spoke. \"So I should be thanking you?\" \"I'm not saying that. I'm saying that I am leaving and going back to what life I have.\" She said. \"This is your life.\" He said. \"I've secured a relationship for your which will in turn rebuild my empire.\" \"Empire?\" She asked wondering if something was knocked loose in his head when she shot him. \"Yes, a wealthy family. The son now leads the family business after the sisters recent death. A place of not only wealth but prestige as he now takes her place at the high table.\" \"You've wasted no time recovering and finding your place back in this. Look. I have absolutely no idea what you just said but I don't see how any of this involves me or making amends for shooting you. I had no choice?\" She said. \"You could have let Motkova call the marker due from John,\" he said. \"And let him kill you? I guess it would've spared this conversation.\" She said. \"Yes, but you chose to shoot me to spare him.\" He said. She saw an anger grow in him. \"You were going to sell me into prostitution to pay your debts for stealing from Motkova. John spared my life.\" She said feeling her own anger grow. \"Yes, you both seem to have a mutual respect for one another.\" He said. \"I'm leaving.\" She said standing. \"No, you're not.\" He said standing and pointing a gun at her. \"Don't think for one minute I believe that you will shoot me.\" She said sitting back down. \"You went to all this trouble to bring me here, once again, for your benefit.\" She said. He stood before her dropping the gun to his side. \"We agree that we are father and daughter in blood only.\" He said taking the hand holding the gun and striking her across the face. She nearly fell from her chair. She felt the warm blood flowing down her cheek. Filled with rage, she grabbed her fathers hand that held the gun and charged him. She shoved him into the wall. She heard him groan at the impact. The gun fell from his hand. She grabbed the gun from the floor and pointed it at him. The two men who guarded her now pointed their weapons at her. Her father grabbed his side. \"You have spirit. Now listen to your father and lower your gun.\" He said. \"What makes you think I want to make it out of here alive?\" She said. \"Don't be foolish.\" Said her father. \"You don't want to die.\" Evie clicked the safety off of the gun. Her finger tightened on the trigger. Suddenly, an arm wrapped around her neck. She struggled as another grabbed her hand holding the gun. The arm squeezed tight on her neck. Unable to breathe she passed out. Evie awoke back in her room. She slowly sat up. Her cheek ached. \"Get dressed.\" Came a voice. She saw Cassian standing by the couch she laid on. \"Your father has a meeting and you're accompanying him.\" \"No.\" She said. \"Dress yourself or I dress you.\" Said Cassian \"You have ten minutes.\" She grabbed the garment bag and headed to change. She stared in the mirror at her bloodied cheek. She grabbed a towel and wiped off what she could. She scolded herself for not pulling the trigger. She had the chance before her and hesitated. She wasn't a killer. She wasn't made for this. She saw only one way out. She would not let the next chance slip away. \"Jonathon, what brings you here.\" Asked Winston. \"I need to find Evie Taylor.\" He said. Winston took a deep breath. \"I told you to steer clear of this.\" \"Her fathers alive.\" Said John. \"Yes, he's made a reservation.\" Said Winston. \"There's a contract on you.\" \"I'm aware.\" He said. \"And the marker?\" Asked Winston. \"Honored.\" Said John. \"I see. D'Antonio will be here later then to clear it.\" Said Winston. \"Should you require a room I would advise sticking to the bar.\" \"She's not safe with her father.\" Said John. \"While I couldn't agree more, I would say you have enough to worry about keeping yourself safe.\" Said Winston. \"I'll do what I can for her.\" John nodded. He did need the rest. He'd rest because he would find Evie. And he would kill Santino. Evie walked out dressed in her gown. The only solace was that the last time she wore this was with John. \"Carin's going to fix your make-up.\" Said Cassian. \"Don't you mean cover the bruising.\" Said Evie. Cassian wasn't amused. Carin applied the make up to make it look presentable. The swelling was starting around her eye. \"There you are.\" She said. She leaned in and patted a finishing powder by her bruised eye. She whispered softly, \"And do not worry. He will find you.\" She said and winked at her. Evie felt confused. Who was she and who was she talking about? It couldn't be John. He owed her nothing. She wanted nothing from him. Cassian held out his arm. She walked past him. She grabbed her arm to stop her. \"Listen, I don't agree with what your father did. Real men don't hit a lady.\" \"How sweet of you. You stopped me from killing him, didn't you?\" She asked. \"I was warned you had a death wish.\" He said. \"It's my life.\" She said. \"Yes. It is. I just don't agree with proving it to everyone by ending it.\" He said. \"You sound like John.\" She said. \"Neither of you know me.\" \"Yeah, well, guess we both see a value in you that you seem to overlook.\" He said. \"Save the bullshit.\" She said. \"Stay close and I'll keep you safe.\" He said. \"Stay close? That's for your benefit, i think. You think John is coming to rescue me.\" She said. \"See the last time I saw John I tried to kill him.\" She said feeling the anger and sadness wash over her. She scolded the rising emotions. Cassian looked at her curiously, \"What stopped you?\" He asked. She looked up at him. Her eyes glassy with tears, \"I was out of bullets.\" She said. ","Summary":" **i own nothing and there could be spoilers so beware. oh and thanks for stopping by for a read** E"},{"Movie":"Hook","Title":"Blood's Thicker","Author":"Randomnamesuffice","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8373097","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I've lost track of how long it has been. Ten years? Twenty years? How many more moons must I wait for him to return? No, I have given up on Peter coming home. What I truly want is to come out of this ridiculous hiding. Tinkerbell says I have to stay away from the Lost Boys until the right moment. But when is that? If Peter were in my position, he would be out flying everywhere, doing whatever he wanted, and certainly not what Tink commanded. No, my brother would never let himself be limited to nighttime flies and this painfully small, burnt up house filled with equally painful memories. Well, not too painful. Remembering isn't the unhappy thing, the fact that this place is filled with cobwebs and dust. No one has played in here for I don't know how long. No nights have been filled with soothing stories from Wendy. No Lost Boys for me to sing to sleep. Just dust. Dust and memories. While braiding my hair, sitting in Wendy's chair, I wonder what color Peter's hair is now. Would it still be flaming red like mine, slowly turning lighter, or has it become grey through time? It's always a scary thought that my little brother is well over ten years my elder. I slowly turn to face the mirror and stare into by azure eyes. All these questions about Peter and I still haven't dared wonder the most important. Does he remember all of this? If I could look into his eyes, ignoring the possibility that they've also greyed with age, I know I would be able to tell. If he remembered, no matter how dim, he would still have that spark of mischief and adventure he once had. I look away, not letting myself think the worst. My mind wanders to the Lost Boys, and how they cannot function without a leader. So who took Peter's sword? I knew it couldn't possibly be one of my boys. Nibs, Slightly, Curly and Tootles were all gone from Neverland. The only boy I could consider was Thud Butt, only he would never have the courage to stand up and take charge on his own. No, someone would have to tell him that he's the leader for him to accept it. It had to be someone new, someone just as cocky as Peter was. \"Well whoever it is, he won't be in that position as soon as I get the 'okay' to leave here…\" I chuckled to myself as I finished with my waist-long hair. I don't know how much time had passed, but I jumped at Tink yelling my name from above. \"Grace!\" I've learned from many times of blinding myself not to look directly at her while flying around, so I keep my eyes cast down. \"If you're here to check that I'm still in this cage you call a house, then here I am.\" The pixie landed on the table across from me and huffed in exhaustion and, from hearing my jab, irritation, \"First off, this is a house as you do recall. Second, it isn't a cage; I just don't want you to be seen…\" \"Which you've not once explained the reasoning behind that.\" I remind her, which was ignored. \"And third,\" she continued, \"I'm not here to check up on you. I need you to go to Cannibal Cove right now.\" I look at her now, confused, \"Why, all of a sudden…\" She looks past my shoulder to my rapiers and scimitar, \"I would bring one of those.\" My eyes grow wider, \"You want me to infiltrate the Jolly Roger. Why?\" She locks her eyes on mine in full seriousness, \"There's someone you need to meet.\" I stand up and look down at her, \"Is Peter back?\" I raise my voice with excitement. Not bothering to wait for a confirmation, I lunge for one rapier and turn quickly, only to be blinded by Tink right in my line of sight. \"No, Grace. Peter isn't here, well, not yet anyway. He will be, though. Soon.\" Her tone was urgent, like she didn't have time to explain. Still rubbing my eyes, I ask, \"If not Peter, then who do I need to see on that ship?\" Tink dimmed slightly so I could see her, \"Your niece and nephew.\"[Chapter 2] AUTHOR'S NOTE: Just an FYI, yes. I am kind of joining the SYFY's NEVERLAND along with this story. I loved their concept of Hook and Peter's relationship. Anywho, just wanted to say that... Ta~ It was still dark outside, so I didn't have to hide behind the clouds. What I did have to do was get into the hold without being seen. It was difficult, yes, but I had done it so many times, it was as simple as opening a door. All of the men were either asleep or so drunk, on the verge of unconsciousness. From above, I could see Starkey and Ed Teynte, the first mate and quartermaster laying on the poop deck, each with an empty bottle of rum loosely in hand. Bill Jukes was knocked out on the forecastle deck, his gun laying to the left of him. The rest of the lot were spread out on the main deck, all save for the Captain and Smee. I had a strong feeling they would both be in the former's cabin, and that no one would be watching the children. Why would anyone bother? No one knew they were there. I waited a couple more seconds and then dashed to the stairs. Even against Tink, I am and always would be the fastest flier in Never Land. I remember many races with Peter, along with many grunts of defeat coming from him. But this moment should not be spent on reminiscing; I needed to get to those children. Walking down the dark, wet, narrow path, I could hear a girl crying. I turned toward the sound only to freeze in my tracks. \"Come for a family reunion, Grace?\" His voice always did annoy me, but him baiting me on… \"I'm sorry to have to tell you that your rescue mission was for naught. These children are my property now, and Peter Pan,\" Hook spat the name like poison, \"will come and he will die.\" I unarmed myself, dropping my rapier to the floor and kicking it to the side, \"I have no quarrel with you, Jimmy,\" he flinched at the nickname, \"and I have no intention of saving these children. I just want to see them.\" Hook eyed me with his ice blue eyes, trying to catch a lie, \"Don't you want to confirm that these children are indeed Pan's?\" Hook pondered for a moment, and relented, \"Be quick, and come to the cabin when you've finished.\" I glared at him, \"Is that an order, Captain?\" I spat out in disdain. \"No, my dear, just a polite suggestion.\" And with that, he left. I slowly made my way to the cell and looked down. As expected, two children were cowering in fear. The elder one, the boy, was trying to calm his sister to no avail. \"Hello,\" I tried to make my voice as soothing as possible, \"my name is Grace. What's yours?\" The boy glared at me, but said, \"Jack Banning, and this is…\" I put my finger to my lips, for I wanted to get a good look at the girl. \"Dear girl, why are you crying?\" She looked up and I saw Peter's eyes in her, I regarded the boy and saw the same eyes. Yes, these were indeed Peter's children. \"W-who are you?\" she stammered. I smiled at the girl, \"My name is Grace, and I am Peter Pan's sister.\" Jack snorted, \"Yeah right, there is no such thing as Peter Pan.\" I tilted my head, \"No? Then who was that who just left?\" The girl whispered to Jack, \"That was Captain Hook, Jack.\" She looked at me, \"I don't remember a sister in the Peter Pan stories.\" \"Good. Because that is what I told Wendy to do.\" She looked at me curiously, \"I asked her not to mention me in any of her stories. I'm not one partial to being a side character, I would much rather be the main. Since she was so wrapped up in Peter, I felt that it was their story…\" \"So, what about your story?\" Jack inquired. \"I don't know. Maybe you both have started it,\" I smiled, \"I really shouldn't stay. Hook will come back if I take too long. I just really wanted to meet you, and know your names.\" I looked at the girl expectantly. \"Maggie Banning,\" she smiled. \"Jack and Maggie, it's nice to finally meet you.\" \"Finally?\" They both asked. \"Now I have a question, is your father's name, by any chance, Peter?\" Maggie answered, \"Yes, but he's not Peter Pan. Is he?\" I smiled at the girl's enthusiasm, \"We shall see, my dear. Now, I will tell you this: Your father will be here to come get you,\" they sat up straighter at this, \"but I cannot tell you whether you will be able to go home yet. Don't worry; I'll make sure you are safe.\" I stood up, placed my rapier in its hold, and made my way up the stairs. \"Wait,\" Jack called, \"why…\" \"Why will I protect you? Well, if your father is who the Old Codfish,\" Maggie giggled at the name, \"thinks, then what does that make me to you?\" I made it up the stairs before I could hear a reply. Taking a deep breath, I flew to the Captain's cabin window. It was open, so I landed in. \"So,\" Hook was sitting at his desk, cleaning his pistol, \"Are they or aren't they?\" I sighed, \"They are. Congratulations on not getting the wrong children. Honestly, you knew that they were Peter's children. You probably got them from Wendy's nursery. So why didn't you oppose me seeing them?\" The captain looked at me, \"I'm quite insulted that you would think I'd raise my sword, or gun, to a lady.\" I scoffed, \"You're afraid to raise your sword to me because you know you'd lose, and you know you can't shoot me because I'm too quick.\" \"Be that as it may,\" he waved my comment off, \"maybe I just wanted for you to see your niece and nephew for the first and last time.\" He stood up and walked towards me and looked down into my eyes, \"Or maybe I'm still hoping that you will join me on this vessel.\" He put his hand on my shoulder in a fatherly fashion I pushed him away in anger, \"Don't you dare try that on me, Jimmy! You lost all love and respect from me years ago! You lost it the moment you chose that woman over my brother, the boys, and me!\" He grabbed my shoulder forcefully now and raised his pistol to my neck, \"I could kill you right now if I wanted to!\" \"So could I,\" I said with deadly coolness, \"or do you seem to forget that I'm the reason that only your hand was severed.\" I pushed him back and pulled my rapier to his collarbone, \"How many times has Peter had your life in his hands, Jimmy?\" He flinched, \"And how many times have I been the one to keep him from killing you?\" I lowered my sword and made it to the window, \"Remember that.\" I flew out with senseless speed, in the direction of Wendy's house. In a matter of a second, I changed my course to Hangman's Tree. To hell with Tink's wishes, I wanted, no needed, to see my boys.[Chapter 3] AUTHOR'S NOTE: It has come to my attention that the Lost Boy's hideout in the movie Hook is not called Hangman's Tree, but simply that…Lost Boy's Hideout :/ I'm sorry for my inaccuracy, blah, I'm a failure at life, blah emo moment blah. Okay, I'm finished. ENJOY! DISCLAIMER: I sadly do not own the movie HOOK or the TV Series NEVERLAND . If I did, well, I'd be a happy girl for one thing. I'd also keep Rufio for myself :3 FYI, Aaya is Tiger Lily and Holy Man was the first Indian that Peter made friends with in the NEVERLAND show. AND Pockets is, \"Oh there you are, Peter.\" And that scene will be coming in about 2 chapters. ANOTHER AUTHOR'S NOTE: I love this story, so I am VERY happy that others enjoy it, too. That being said, I promise I will keep updating this story. It won't be like my other stories that take me a YEAR to get back to _ I just started working and college, so I can't promise that the updates will be frequent. I can and will promise, again, that I WILL UPDATE! Grace: Yeah, sure. Me: Oh, don't give me that tone. Grace: -feigning innocence- What tone? Me: That tone. Your sarcastic tone, the tone that you've convinced yourself is charming. Grace: I do not have a sarcastic tone! Me: You just used it to defend yourself! Grace: I'm English! We always sound either sarcastic or condescending, it's not my fault! Me: *mutters* Peter's English, he doesn't sound like that. But he was raised by Americans… Grace: What was that? Me: Shit… Uh, nothing. Enjoy the chapter, people! OH WAIT! I really don't feel like describing the Lost Boy's place, so forgive me if I leave out shtuff and give a vague sketch. My logic is that since you're reading this, odds are that you've watched the movie and don't need to have someone spell out what it looks like. NOW enjoy! :P Soaring through the skies was such a soothing experience. But even as I felt the cool air brush my cheeks, my mind kept wandering to what Jimmy had said. \" Maybe I'm still hoping that you will join me on this vessel.\" I had lost track of the times he'd request that I join, and each time I would refuse. I remember only one time that Jimmy almost got me to agree, although he never realized, and that was when he reminded me of when he pulled Peter and I from the workshops and raised us as his own. If it weren't for Peter, I probably would have joined Jimmy in a heartbeat, for no matter what he's done, he took care of us. I knew I could never hate him, not after all those years of care. Beneath me I saw the Hideout, and I could clearly see, even in the darkness, that the boys had expanded since I'd been gone. Instead of a crowded hole under a tree, almost the whole patch of forestry was made into a fortress, a home. It was almost as if the branches formed bunks for the boys. Another thing that intrigued me was that the boys seemed to have built a railing throughout the whole hideout. I could only think that it was some sort of race track. I couldn't see perfectly at this time. In fact, all I really saw was outlines of the construction, and the silhouettes of boys getting ready for their slumber. Not wanting to disturb them, and also wanting to, more or less, obey Tinkerbell's wishes, I flew to the darkest corner of the colossal tree house. My intentions were pure, but my instincts didn't care whether I was seen or not. As soon as my feet touched the wooden floor, I felt a hostile presence close by. Slowly, I drew my rapier and crouched into a defensive position. Meaning to turn around, I immediately straightened, for I felt a blade touching the middle of my back. I tried to raise my hands, but the person pointing at me pushed the blade slightly into my skin. I subdued my whimper, not wanting to let whoever was behind think that I was frightened. \"Drop the sword and turn around, slowly!\" A male voice commanded in hushed authority. His voice was different, not deep like Jimmy's, but not childish like any of the boys. I could immediately deduce that this boy was in his teens like I myself. By that knowledge, I knew who it was, but wouldn't let my heart skip any beat, nor allow my knees to buckle like it often would when he spoke. \"Now,\" he raised his tone in irritation. I placed my blade back in its hold, unfastened my sheath and dropped it to the ground. I held my hands up as I turned to face him, and flinched slightly as his steel traced my skin, for he never relented in the pressure. Tinkerbell would need to sew up the wound soon. I internally groaned, for I forgot that Tink left to retrieve Peter. The only other one I could get to tend to the laceration was Jimmy, and I was certainly not going back to him, not after everything I said to him. I faced him, prepared for the worst, and my breath was taken away. He looked so different from when I last saw him. He was…I didn't know how to describe his appearance. I could easily say he was more toned, more tanned, but his clothes and hair, I didn't know what to think. There were only two words I could come up with. Concerning his clothes, tribal; he reminded me of the warriors of the Kaw tribe. And, sadly, the only word I could come up with concerning his hair was skunk. His whole presence actually could be summed up in one word, savage. Immediately after we made eye contact, his harshness softened and he lowered his sword. I then got a quick look at the piece that he stuck me with, and I held in my shock. He had stabbed me with Peter's sword, the golden blade shined with familiarity that I never thought I would be able to see again. I now knew the reason why Tinkerbell would evade answering my question concerning the sword. \"Are you real?\" He asked hesitantly as he slowly stepped closer, almost nose to nose, \"Grace?\" I tried not to look affected by my name on his lips, it's been so long since I last had to conceal the strange feeling that consumed me whenever he was near. He lifted his free hand slowly toward my face, and it took incredible will not to close the distance. Noticing my internal struggle, and mistaking it for a rejection, he let his hand fall to his side. Attempting a whimsical tone, I replied, \"Why don't you try stabbing me again? For I guess the blood you made me shed isn't enough proof that I am real.\" I mentally slapped myself, for my try at a lighthearted quip sounded like a steel handed slap to his face. Realization dawned in his eyes and he dropped the sword to the ground like it burned his flesh. \"Grace, I'm so sorry! I didn't realize!\" He continued his apologies as he tried to pull me into an embrace. I held my hand up to stop him, and bent to pick up our swords. \"I got that, don't strain yourself. We need to treat that cut.\" He bent down to grab them for me, \" Please lower your voice. And I was just teasing. I'm fine…\" I stopped mid-sentence as I felt his hand land on top of mine. It was rough, calloused, but comforting, and I never realized how much bigger his hands were compared to my own. I tried to remove my hand from under his, but he gripped it tightly, tenderly. I tore my eyes away from our joined hands and looked up to his deep brown eyes, which were full of different emotions and questions. In them, I could see awe, surprise, sadness, and hurt. The hurt in his eyes overthrew all the other feelings I could see. It was almost as if he missed me as much as I him. \"Where have you been? What happened to you?\" He asked in a whisper, begged in a whisper. \"Rufio…\" I closed my eyes, silently praying I didn't show too much affection in stating his name, \"I,\" I began, but was interrupted by a younger boy's voice. I quickly stood up, and, much to my chagrin, pulled my hand from Rufio's grip. He followed with our swords in hand. \"Rufio? I thought I heard you yelling, is everything alright,\" Pockets, I could see holding his candle, noticed me and squinted, as if he was willing his eyes not to trick him. He realized that it was me and gasped with a smile on his face, I flew straight to him and covered his mouth. The sudden movement caused my wound to hurt again, and I gasped slightly at the sharp pain. \"Grace, you need to be treated. Let me,\" Rufio began, but I cut him off. \"Hush, I am alright. I can handle it, I've gotten much worse injuries.\" I heard a muffled noise, and remembered where my hand was, \"Oh, I'm sorry, Pockets. You need to be quiet, though, alright?\" He nodded and I released him, and immediately after, he attacked me in an embrace. I ignored the pain as best as I could, but the little boy let go and looked at his hand, which was covered in blood from my top. He looked up at me and I smiled, taking a clean part of my clothes and wiped his hand clean. \"What happened to you, Grace? Where have you been? Is Peter,\" I stopped him short before he could ask anything about my brother. I didn't want to answer him right away, especially with Rufio right within earshot. \"I can't stay tonight,\" he, and Rufio, were about to protest, but let me continue, \"but I'll come back tomorrow. So tomorrow I can answer whatever you want to ask.\" I smiled at Pockets, who returned it with his own face consuming grin. \"Okay, I can't wait to see the look on all the others faces when I tell them you're here!\" \"No!\" I almost yelped, and both stared at me shocked, \"I don't want them knowing I'm here tonight, you need to keep this secret. Can you do that for me?\" I knew Pockets could keep quiet, for he hardly ever spoke anyway. My gaze moved up to Rufio, who was staring at me curiously, \"Why don't you want them to know?\" Pockets answered for me, proud that he knew me so well, \" Because Grace wants to make a show of it, right?\" I gave him a wink in reply, \"And, she doesn't like the guys seeing her hurt, right Grace?\" I smiled at the six year-old, \"That's right. Now, I have to go, and you should get to bed, both of you.\" I stood and started to lift to the sky, but Pockets lightly grabbed my ankle. \"Grace?\" I looked down to him and knew what was coming, \"Could you, you know,\" I waited for him to finish, \"sing me to sleep? You don't have to sing 'til I'm asleep, just one time is okay.\" I could never say no to his pleading eyes. \"Alright, just one time, though.\" He beamed when I drifted down and he clung to my hand and led me to his bunk. \"I'll, um, just leave you now. Goodnight, Grace.\" Rufio said awkwardly, and looked in my eyes, like he wanted to say more, but turned toward, as far as I knew, to his bunk. \"Goodnight, Rufio,\" Pockets and I said in unison. We turned back toward his bed, and the small child kept looking back to where we parted from Rufio. \"You know, he really missed you,\" I looked down at him incredulously, \"Rufio,\" he clarified. \"Well, I would hope that he's not the only one who missed me.\" I said slowly. Pockets looked at me with squinty eyes, \"You know I don't mean it like that!\" He exclaimed as we made it into his bunk. I lifted him to his bed and tucked him in. He smiled and his eyes were already drooping down in exhaustion. \"I know I'm not Wendy, but was that alright?\" He nodded, \"And I know that's not what you meant.\" \"You and him are kinda like how she and Peter were,\" I smiled at that. \"Didn't you want a song?\" He nodded slowly, so I knew I wouldn't need to sing the whole thing for him to sleep, \"Alright, shut your eyes,\" he did so and I began softly, not wanting to wake the others. When you're all alone far away from home there's a gift the angel sent when you're alone. Everyday must end but the night's our friend angels always send a star when you're alone. At night when I'm alone I lie awake and wonder, Which of them belongs to me, which one I wonder? And any star I choose watches over me so I know I'm not alone when I'm here on my own Isn't that a wonder? When you're alone you're not alone not really alone. I ended the first half and he was sound asleep, I kissed his forehead and stood. Quietly, I left the bunk and made it to the skies. The pain of my wound was too great to make it back to Wendy's house, but thankfully, I could see that the Kaw tribe still had the light from their fires. I hoped Aaya or Holy Man was awake, for I didn't know how much longer I would be able to wait. The blood was flowing far too much for a mere scratch, I'll have to give hell to Rufio for this. That thought made me smile a bit. R&R; PLEASE! THEY'VE MADE ME VERY HAPPY! :3[Chapter 4] LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, I APOLOGIZE! I've had this chapter in my notebook for WEEKS and I haven't had any time to type it or make it more \"pretty\" AKA \"longer\". Anywhozle, here it is and again...SORRY! I'm already typing the 5th so expect it within this week or next week. :(((( Blahhh I was resting on my stomach while Aaya took care of my wound. She said it wasn't as bad as it felt, only that Rufio somehow managed to hit one of my deeper, more sensitive scars. It figured that he would make a minor flesh wound feel like I was on the brink of death. She was finishing up the stitches when her voice broke the silence. \"You're quiet, Grace. Are you thinking of Rufio?\" \"Yes,\" I replied, \"I mean no.\" \"Which is it?\" she inquired. \"It's neither. Or maybe it's both. I am thinking of him, but he's not the only thing on my mind.\" I drifted to silence, hoping she would not push the conversation, which did not happen. \"Who else has got you so confused?\" \"Why does it have to be a person?\" She hesitated, \"Was it that pirate?\" Aaya spat the last word with distain. I could not take offence to her ferocity. \"He has a name, Aaya. He is a human.\" \"Having a name does not make him, or any of them, human.\" I shut my eyes in frustration, \"Alright, enough.\" She continued, \"You are blind to the evil in his soul.\" \"I know he has made wrong choices,\" I began. \"Ever since you all came here, he has made, as you call it, 'wrong choices',\" she started to raise her voice, then remembered that the rest of the tribe was asleep, \"How am I supposed to believe that he was ever more than a monster?\" \"You're asking how? Here is how; there is me, there was Peter,\" she flinched at my brother's name, \"and all the boys.\" She lowered her head in defeat, \"Look, I am not asking you to stop hating him, or even respect him as a human being. All I am asking is that you respect me and my wishes, and that is to not say anything ill of him in my presence.\" She nodded, \"why do you still defend him, though? After all that he has done…\" She cut the last thread on my stitches and tapped my shoulder to let me know I could move. I sighed and pulled myself into a sitting position, \"Because,\" my voice raised in the way I was questioning myself, unsure whether or not to continue. \"Yes?\" she pressed. My whole body slumped in defeat, \"Because…No matter what he has done, no matter how much he has changed, he still raised me.\" A single tear managed to escape my eye and slid down my cheek to the floor. \"I have tried to hate him, to feel the way Peter did when Jimmy betrayed us, but I still see the man who rescued us from the factories,\" I was going to continue, but Aaya cut me off. \"The what?\" she looked confused. \"The sweat shops, basically child slavery.\" I waved her question away in boredom, \"Anyway, he took care of us, gave us a home, a family.\" Aaya's head fell again, as if she felt guilty even asking. \"You ask why I defend him,\" she raised her head slowly, \"That is why. Because no matter what, he is the only father I have ever known.\" Silence loomed over us again, so Aaya changed the subject, \"You are alright now. You are welcome to stay here while it heals.\" \"Thank you, but I can't. Tinkerbell is expecting me to be back at the house, I wasn't even supposed to go see the boys.\" \"She cannot be mad at you for wanting to see Rufio,\" she smirked. \"Anyway, you really should not fly with the stitched. It might reopen the wound, especially the way you fly.\" I gave her a pointed look, \"Funny. And don't think that first thing didn't pass my ears. I didn't go for him; I wanted to see the boys.\" \"Yes, and Rufio was just a nice inconvenience.\" \"Okay, I'm leaving.\" I slowly got to my feet and rigidly walked out of the tent, all Aaya did was laugh. I was about to rise when I heard her voice coming closer, \"Grace, wait! You really should not fly.\" \"I really should get home. Tink,\" I began. \"I am sure she would understand.\" \"But she'll go to the house first and there isn't any time for her to come searching for me.\" \"Why is there no time,\" her eyes narrowed, \"why was Hook on your mind. What is going on?\" I looked at her incredulously, \"You really don't know?\" She looked at me with a blank expression, \"You all really don't pay attention to the issues everyone goes through.\" \"We do not bother ourselves with the pirates, unless they become a threat to us or the tree spirits…again.\" \"Hook kidnapped some children,\" Aaya gasped, \"They are my niece and nephew,\" she looked at me blankly again, \"As in they are Peter's children.\" Aaya's eyes widened, and her eyebrows nearly left her forehead to join her dark mane. She whispered something in Kaw, then in English, \"He's grown up?\" her voice was somewhere between miserable and envious, \"He has children? Has he forgotten?\" I didn't know how to answer that without causing her more pain; I always knew how she felt about my brother. My heart reached out to her, especially remembering her jealousy towards Wendy. I felt the same when Jane came and Rufio held interest in her, given it was not as intense as Peter and Wendy's relationship. \"I am not sure,\" I simply replied, \"I hope not.\" \"Did not the tree spirits try to remove his memories? Could they do something to bring it back if he does not remember?\" Aaya looked hopeful. I tilted my head in thought, \"I did not think of that, I'm not certain if they would even be willing to help us again.\" An idea struck me, \"I need to go now. Thank you, Aaya.\" And I headed home immediately with determination and hope.[Chapter 5] I AM SO SORRY lol I know I apologize a lot but I truly feel horrible that I haven't updated. Things have been hectic at work and school. Also, there was a crisis recently so I haven't even thought about writing. I'm not going to promise any updates soon, but I will update. I will continue this story and I WILL finish it, someday. Here we go…Something happened once Grace came home, and she had a discussion with Tink, but I'm not going to tell you what yet so... The morning after… I sat on a rusted wooden barrel for hours, waiting. I sat there staring at the ridiculous looking bundle of sheets slowly rising up and down. Up. Down. Occasionally, there would be a hitch and I would sit straighter, prepared for whatever came out of the bundle, but it would cease and continue the slow rhythm of breathing. I didn't know how to react once he woke, and I was too afraid to unravel the sheets to see what he looked like. From the size of the wad, it was clear that he was a grown man, and rather \"bulky\" at that. He was much different from the skin and bone Peter I once knew. His size I was prepared for, as well as whatever his age would be. I was still trying to figure out how our reunion would enact, or if it would even be a reunion. Although I was hoping he would remember everything, I still had the strangest feeling that he wouldn't. And if the latter occurred, I swore that I would do whatever was in his best interest, even at the cost of my own happiness. I was pulled from my reverie as I heard the sheets rip slightly, and I heard a deep voice coming through it. \"What a nightmare, Moira!\" I looked over to the sheets and saw a finger poking through a tiny hole. I tilted my head slightly at the name Moira. I already knew that she was Peter's wife, Wendy's granddaughter, but I was confused that he would be calling her name. Perhaps he thought all of last night was a dream, but as soon as I thought that, he tore through the sheet and stood staring at the crocodile clock. I flew up and hid behind some boxes. Tinkerbell soon tore after him and he walked around his little safe-haven. He was standing on a cargo hold; barely anyone lurked around there unless it was essential, and only one drunken man was passed out where he was standing. He was listening to all the different merchants trying to sell their goods and started to walk down the stairs. \"Excuse me, but is there a payphone around here?\" I didn't know what a payphone was, but I rolled my eyes at his stupidity. The man looked up and Peter stood straight, \"That is so real.\" \"Peter, get back here,\" Tinkerbell yelled in a hushed tone, \"Get down. Get low. Hide!\" She looked at me imploring for help. \"He can't hear you, Tink. Your regular voice doesn't hold much volume as it is, what makes you think a whisper will?\" \"Well, you go get him then. Don't just hide like a codfish.\" I hesitated, but went ahead anyway. I quickened my pace slightly when he was getting closer to some more pirates. I made it to him before he got too close and before they noticed him. I grabbed his arm violently and pulled him into a corner. \"Excuse me, but what the hell is your problem?\" He looked at me in the eyes and that was it. The moment I dreaded. I saw his green eyes, still as bright as ever, but nothing else. No recognition, no hint of mischief, nothing. He didn't remember me, Tinkerbell, Tigerlily, or anyone. This is what I feared and I didn't know what to do. I didn't know what to think or feel. And the strange thing was all I could feel was anger. I couldn't fathom why I would feel anger, I was prepared for him not remembering us, but the feeling came just the same. \"Hello?\" He commanded, waving his hand in my face. I jumped and glared at him with disdain and removed my hand like it had just been burned. \"Have you gone mad?\" I hissed. \"Unless I'm dreaming, yes I think I have.\" \"You can't go up to those pirates completely defenseless, especially dressed like that.\" He looked down at his apparel and looked back at me, \"I'm sorry, but this is Armani. I don't think I can look any better than that.\" \"What is Armani?\" He was about to explain, but I cut him off, \"I don't care,\" suddenly an idea came to mind, \"If you think you look so well, then by all means, go talk to them.\" I gestured to the direction we came in, \"I hope you find what you're looking for.\" THIS IS ONLY A TEASER. I don't think I'm going to keep this around, but if you like, then I'll add on to the scene. Tata~![Chapter 6] \"I hope you find what you're looking for.\" I stormed away from the shell of a man. That couldn't possibly be my brother, Tink must have made a mistake and took this codfish by accident. This \"Peter\" hadn't even mentioned Jack or Maggie, and I would be certain that any parent would be inconsolable if they had lost a child. I had to admit to myself that he was a spitting image his father, all except the eyes, which were so much like his mother. I flew over a squabble that Peter was in the middle of, obviously not heeding my advice. I was about to intervene when Tink showed herself and took on all the men. I saw her disguise Peter and then instruct him to blend in. Deciding that it was a safe enough time to go, I flew in to Jimmy's cabin. He was at his desk, sharpening a small blade when he heard my feet meeting the ground. He raised his dark brow and briefly looked at me, but continued to sharpening. \"What do I owe this pleasure, my dear? It's rare enough for one visit, but two in a row? Unheard of.\" \"To be quite honest, I don't even know myself.\" I moved to sit down in the seat across from him, and sunk into the velvet cushion with a heavy sigh. Jimmy knit his brows together and stopped his task. Standing up slowly, he walked over to me and used his good hand to cup my chin and raised my head. I kept my eyes down until he tapped my chin with his finger, then was forced to lay my eyes on his. \"Something is weighing heavily on your heart, my darling, and it doesn't have anything to do with the brats in the cellar.\" I glared at him for his reference. \"Have you seen him? Is Peter here?\" He tightened his grip on my chin by fraction and looked around as if Peter was to pop out of a dark corner in an instant. Not wanting to reveal Peter, if it really was him, I said the only thing that came to mind. \"I saw Rufio last night,\" I revealed with a sigh. Jimmy noticeably relaxed and released my chin, much to my happiness. He sat in the chair next to me and looked upon me with a casual eye, \"And that is a problem? I thought you were infatuated with the fop.\" I rolled my eyes at his statement, \"How long has it been since Peter left Neverland?\" \"I don't really know, twenty five, maybe thirty years? But what does that have to do with-\" I cut him off, \"That is how long it has been since…\" I couldn't finish my thoughts, but I didn't have to. \"Since you last saw him, Grace?\" He finished my sentence, \"Oh, my darling girl,\" he looked at me with those infernal blue eyes, so full of disappointment. \"Don't look at me like that, Jimmy!\" I crossed my arms like a child. \"Did you not just call him a fop? I thought you would be proud of me,\" I muttered under my breath. Ignoring my statement, he asked, \"How did it go? How upset was the boy?\" \"Not mad at all, in fact. He thought he was dreaming me.\" I relaxed in my chair while Jimmy tensed slightly. \"Grace, my darling, He is going to realize that you've been gone for almost thirty years and have not aged a day. He'll know you have been here this whole time.\" \"I know,\" I buried my face in my hands, \"I know. It is only a matter of time before he figures out that I didn't leave with Peter.\" \"He is going to be heartbroken, feel rejected. I know that feeling all too well,\" Jimmy responded bitterly, his eyes going hazy in memory. \"What will I do?\" I looked at Jimmy in desperation, distracting him from his wandering mind. \"You must tell him the truth. He will be hurt and most likely angry for a while,\" I looked to the floor, dejected, but Jimmy lifted my face once again and smiled, \"But if he cares for you as deeply as he seems, he will forgive you just as quickly as he got upset.\" I smiled and nodded, and Jimmy let go of my face once more. It was then that I began to hear the chanting from the men outside. I looked at Jimmy's arm and noticed his hook was missing. I sighed and stood from my seat and made my way slowly to the window. \"Smee will be here shortly, I had better go.\" Jimmy heard the men as well and went to his closet and donned on one of his red coats and hats. Once finished, he walked over to me. He looked as if he was about to say something but gave up and we stood in silence. The chanting grew louder and Jimmy turned to where the noise was. \"Thank you, Jimmy,\" he turned and stared, \"For being the man you once were. Even if it was only for a moment. Thank you for listening.\" He smiled sadly and took a step closer, \" My quarrel was never with you, Grace. I never stopped caring for you or the other boys.\" \"No, just my brother,\" I smirked. Jimmy let out a small chuckle, and was about to say something again when we both heard Smee on the other side of the door. \"Well, duty calls.\" \"Captain,\" we heard Smee knock on the door, \"Are you ready, sir?\" He didn't bother waiting for an answer, and I didn't bother waiting for Jimmy to say anything else to me. I took off out the window where I entered and tried to find Tink, much to no avail. The other men were so focused on their captain's door, they never noticed me flying right above them. I landed on the fore topmast so no one would catch me just in case my luck ran out. \"Good morning, Neverland!\"[Chapter 7] \"Good Morning, Mr. Smee!\" The masses of men joyously replied to the stocky second in command. Smee started his incredibly enthusiastic introducing Jimmy to the masses. Everyone was just as enthused as Jimmy's bo'sun was, all except one. I had noticed that ridiculous outfit placed upon my \"brother\" and recognized the frightened curiosity of Peter. I remained in my position above them all, for fear that one may recognize me or for Peter to make a scene. Peter had already refused my help, so why should I offer again. Tink would certainly have my head if she ever heard my thoughts, but I didn't care; my thoughts were stuck on Rufio and what Jimmy had said. Why hadn't I told him that I remained in Neverland? If he felt for me the way I believed he did, how angry could he possibly get if I told him? My thought had to wait for my blasted conscience was getting the better of me, and I could not keep my eyes off Peter. He looked too nervous and seemed like he could start drawing attention from the crew. Thankfully no one noticed him yet; these men were so blinded by excitement that one nervous pirate couldn't sway their attention. Still, I felt obligated to do something to help him. I descended from my hiding spot and searched for a cloak or something to disguise myself, and all I could find was a long leather sack. I cut the seams and wrapped it around my body, which it only covered half of, but it had to do. I always keep a scarf on my person in case I need the extra cloth, either for chill or to tend a wound, so I used it to cover half of my face. By foot, I made my way towards my so-called brother and passed by an abandoned, beaten up tricorn so I donned that on my head for extra coverage. The disguise was certainly not one to make me look like a pirate, just to keep myself away from attracting attention. Peter was only a few feet from where I was, and the men were not paying me any mind, but I kept a hand on my blade in case. Peter was somewhat near the stern and paid no attention to me standing right next to him. Idiot, so inattentive , I thought. I shoved him quite hard to get a reaction, to no avail. I tried stomping on his shoes, which proved fruitless as well. Patience was never a virtue I carried, so it was no wonder a blade happened to poke Peter's side, and that blade happened to be in my hand. Peter yelped and turned my way to yell or cower. His eyes bulged when he saw mine. \"You? I thought you left! What do you want?\" He yelled in a hushed tone, trying to sound like those around him without drawing too much attention. \"Trust me, nothing from you, old man.\" He glared at me and was about to say something but I cut him off, \"Tink would skin me alive if I abandoned you,\" I paused and added in a mutter, \"And I may be concerned for those children. They are terrified.\" \"Jack and Maggie? You've seen them?!\" Peter grabbed my arm quite forcefully that I almost caught a glimpse of the Pan I once knew. But just as quickly as it was shown, the strength dissipated much to my dismay. \"I apologize,\" He hesitated as he released his grip on me, \"Uh, sorry what was your name again?\" I rolled my eyes and ignored his apology, \"I saw them last night, Tink told me they arrived. They've most likely been moved since then.\" Peter looked like he was trying to come up with a plan, \"Don't even think about leaving this spot,\" \"You!\" I heard Jimmy shout, and I disappeared in the crowd. I didn't want him spotting me talking to one of the men and have him notice Peter, for Jimmy was pointing in that direction.[Chapter 8] Thank Hurricane Irma for the length. Also thank Irma for not getting an update sooner -_- Half way done with 9, but I need to watch the movie so I can get the lines accurate, which I can't do right now . I'll try to post it ASAP but I still have no power at home. This is being posted at a Starbucks while I charge my laptop and phone lol. Jimmy had a knack for the dramatics, always did; so, I wasn't too surprised when he pointed out to a massive crowd yelling, \"You!\" What I was not prepared for was that he was pointing in Peter's general direction. I knew he was not pointing at Peter, but I wondered if he got too close, would he realize there was a new pirate among his crew? Perhaps Jimmy would be too focused on weeding out the one who bet against him, but he was a very meticulous, very intelligent man, he would notice eventually. \"You!\" Jimmy took one step down the stairwell and paused to look at his second man, \"Where's the carpet, Smee?\" I rolled my eyes, yet again today, at Jimmy's persona when around his crew were around. Acting as if he was His Majesty, King Edward VII, himself. It was hilarious to see the captain act as if he was a bleeding royal, and that the crew were just feeding that ego. Peter and the boys would have never placed Jimmy on that high of a horse. Well, maybe Peter would have, or did; but Hook never had an ego about him back then. He scolded egos and confidence, in fact. That was what made him such a great leader and guardian. When ego gets in the way, that's when you slip up and get sent back to the factories, or worse. He knew he was a good thief, but never allowed it to get to his head, something Peter never really grasped. I knew Jimmy behaved like this all for show, but it was still astonishing. The crew were looking amongst themselves, trying to figure out who their captain was accusing. I tried as well, but I could swear that he was pointing to Peter. \"You,\" He finally made it to his 'traitor', which was the man right next to Peter. Both men pointed to themselves then to one another, and I was shocked no one realized that crew had gained another man. With a sigh of relief, I witnessed as Jimmy forced a confession out of the man and sentenced him to the Boo Box. Behind the screams of the sentenced man and the taunting of the crew, it was almost impossible to hear the cries of two small children being hoisted up like bait. \"Hello children! Comfy? Cozy?\" Jimmy turned to jibe the children more and I tried to get to Peter before he did something stupid, with no luck. \"Those are my kids!\" Peter screamed while ripping off his disguise and rushing towards Jack and Maggie, and I was thinking of every possible escape, but decided to watch everything unfold. Jimmy looked confused initially, and proceeded to ask Peter who he was while looking around. He caught sight of me and his eyes widened a fraction, almost questioning me for confirmation, to which I shrugged my shoulders. Yes, I knew it was Peter, but being Peter Pan was another story. He had forgotten everything about this place and the people in it. If Jimmy thought this wasn't our Peter, that he had made a mistake, maybe he would set he and the children free. But then there was our conversation last night. I had already confirmed that they were my niece and nephew. I internally cursed, damn Tink for sending me to talk to them. Peter was trying to convince the captain that this was a whole big mistake, and that he wasn't Peter Pan, but Peter Banning, and all Jimmy would hear was Peter and all he would do is deny such a claim. He called his right hand to sort it out. \"Smee, who is this imposter?\" \"He's the flocking, flying pain!\" Smee looked like he had a pile of papers in his hand and I was curious to what they were, so I dared to inch closer and closer. He was shuffling the papers mentioning dental records and other nonsense I didn't understand, then they pulled his shirt up to show his scar from Jimmy's hook long ago. That also led them to Tink's footprints that were all over Peter, another clue of confirmation. They followed the foot trail all the way to Peter's face, and Jimmy scraped off my brother's gag and glasses to look him in the eyes. \"Is it you, my great and worthy opponent? But it can't be. Not this pitiful codfish I see before me.\" Jimmy met my eyes again and called me over. The whole crew looked around and drew their swords and guns when I took my disguise off. I never looked away from the captain, who sprung to action immediately. \"Put away your weapons, you dolts! No one is to harm her,\" I raised a brow at him, but he then conceded, \"Yet. Grace, come here.\" I slowly made it to stand next to Jimmy, directly facing Peter. My nails were digging into my palms, uncertain as to where Jimmy was going to go with this. I had things I didn't want Peter knowing just yet, I'd have to act quickly. \"My darling girl, have you met this man?\" Peter looked at me with fire in his eyes. \"You work for him? You two-faced little,\" a member that was holding Peter punched him in the gut before he could finish insulting me. I flinched slightly but no one noticed. \"Rest assured, Peter, your ever-loyal Grace has not betrayed you. Now, my girl, have you met this Peter… Banning, was it?\" Neither Jimmy nor I waited for Peter's response. \"Yes, just today.\" \"I see, and how did this reunion take place?\" I looked at Jimmy, trying to figure out what his game was, but continued to play along, \"Tinkerbell brought him here and while he was passed out, came to get me. I stood guard until he came to.\" \"And Peter, how was it to be reunited with Grace after all these years?\" I broke eye contact with Jimmy to look at my brother, wondering how he was going to answer. Peter looked back and forth between Jimmy and myself, then flickered to his children and back, \"Look, like I said, this is some huge misunderstanding. Those are my children, and the fairy did bring me here, but I am not Peter Pan! I don't know who any of you are and I don't know who she is!\" A wave of disappointment swelled in me for a moment, but it passed just as quickly. I looked to Jimmy, whose calculating expression was melted away to reveal utter shock and disbelief, \"After everything you two have been through, after countless times of her shedding her own blood for you, you would still keep this charade and deny your own sis—\" I cut Jimmy off before he could ruin my plans. \"Your own sister-in-arms?\" Jimmy turned to stare at me in shock and confusion, \"Your second-in-command? Peter, I've shed so much blood for you, my own included. How could you forget that?\" \"I haven't forgotten because they aren't my memories to forget! I'm not Peter Pan!\" he screamed in my face and had to be pulled back by the crew. I turned to Jimmy, feigning pure anger, \"Captain Hook, do whatever you want with this man. If he insists on keeping this charade alive, then I see no point in helping him,\" I walked to him so our faces were merely centimeters apart, \"But if you harm those children in any way, I'll kill you myself.\" Jimmy lowered his voice so that only I could hear, \"What is going on? What are you playing at?\" \"I'll explain later, just keep up the act please? I don't want him to know yet.\" \"Alright, but you will explain later.\" With that I nodded and took off to the sky, looking as if I were abandoning Peter, and in a way, I was. But now that Peter was back in Neverland, I was determined never to keep him out of my sights for too long. I hovered in the clouds to see how Jimmy would handle all that transpired. ","Summary":" I've lost track of how long it has been. Ten years? Twenty years? How many more moons must I wait f"},{"Movie":"John Wick","Title":"Till The Sun Turns Black","Author":"lilylittle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12778978","Passage":"[Chapter 1] PROLOGUE Their chests heaved as their muscles relaxed against the stained hard floor of the kitchen. Their view was the ceiling and the fan that whizzed around hypnotically; the beautiful views of the rolling hills just outside the large windows that overlooked the countryside were ignored. They allowed the coolness of the floor beneath them to enter their clothes, their mind noticing the slickness of their skin and not knowing whether it was from perspiration or from blood. They moved their heads to the side, equally taking in the state the other one was in with a raised eyebrow. Their bodies ached from the relentless exertion, their minds relaying the ambush from the beginning, taking note of what they had done right and what they had faltered on. There had been so many of them, all filing in as if on a conveyor belt with men stronger than the last. And it had been just the two of them against them, fighting their own and assisting with each other when needed. \"Are you okay?\" John's deep voice filled her ears and she stared at him for another moment before a nod came from her. \"Are you okay?\" she repeated his question to him and watched as he nodded also. John pulled himself up off the floor, feeling his body and aching bones protest against him as he reached his full height, whilst she remained sprawled out on the floor among the dead men that had attacked them. The scent of death hung heavy in the room. The once pristine white units, floors and walls were now awashed with a crimson red liquid, soaking into every fibre of the furnishings arranged delicately around the house. To an expert eye, every spot of blood would be removed from the house. No sign of an attack or an ambush would be evident; new furnishings would be ordered and would replace the damaged or stained ones. As John looked around at the once lavish house, he couldn't truly fathom the state in which the house had become as the mere memory of the clean and pristine house they had arrived at just a few hours before. The unrelenting golden sun was beginning to descend behind the hill, trying to prise the last of its amber limbs over the rooftops and rolling hills that surrounded them. Warm tones replaced the brightness as the sun inched closer and closer to the edge before being swallowed up by the hills. Their phones beeped simultaneously, and both pulled them out of the respective pockets, seeing the deposit placed into their bank accounts. They sighed almost in sync before Emily placed hers back into her pocket, though her position made it hard for her to truly place it back with ease as her muscles made it difficult to move. John kept his phone out, scrolling through the limited numbers in his contact list before he came to the number he wanted: the trusted clean up company he had used for the last decade. Emily peered up at him as he started talking. \"Wick,\" he began. \"The usual service. Yep… charge it to the usual account. Thanks.\" Emily peeled herself up from the floor then, and groaned as her body seemed to struggle against the most simple and easy task. She noticed John's presence move towards her and she felt as he lifted the jacket she was wearing aside a little, enough so that he was able to see the bloodstained rip in her cotton shirt and the gash across her skin. \"You've been hurt,\" he responded, a hint of worry laced in his voice. She glanced down at it, and shrugged. She had felt a hot flash against her skin, but she just assumed the assailant had hit her in the stomach with his fist, and not a knife. As John inspected it further, his dark eyes brooding over the wound, he furrowed his brow. \"It's not that deep, just a flesh wound. You'll feel it more when the adrenaline wears off.\" He disappeared into one of the many bathrooms, and Emily took a seat at the kitchen island. Her mind raced at the fact that she hadn't been more careful, one small movement and she would've been stabbed, the knife ripping through her skin, and then it would've been a different matter. Every movement, every attack, every single defence move was tested in moments of combat, and even though she had received extensive training over the years, she had made the mistake of not protecting herself the way she had been trained to do so. She removed her jacket, discarding it upon the floor next to her. Her cotton tee clung to her skin, a mixture of perspiration and blood coating her body. As she glanced down at the wound, it looked far worse than it actually was. Which in her case, she accepted with a little pinch of anger mostly at her own defences. John returned a short time later, carrying with him a first aid kit he'd found on his travels. As he neared her, he placed upon the kitchen counter and opened it up. An array of familiar objects was displayed to him and he picked up the alcohol gel first. \"Don't,\" John warned. \"I know that look.\" He'd seen it many times before, and it was always a look that unsettled him deep down. The sheer panic that would flash across her face at the thought of their mission having a difficult outcome always seemed to descend upon her once the adrenaline would begin to wear off. Everything counted. One action could mean life, with him or the two of them getting out alive. And another action would mean death, with him or the two of them finding their demise in that moment. It didn't matter if you came prepared for the fight, it's how you handle it in the moment. \"It…\" she began but her voice failed her. \"One inch to the left and it would've been it.\" John shook his head once. \"Well, it wasn't. Just be careful next time.\" Emily fell silent then, her eyes watching as John took control of the situation and cleaned and patched her up. She held her tee up for him so that he was able to see better. Her mind was invaded with images of their demise. If she had been severely injured, that would've been the end of her and him. One sign of weakness shown to the enemy was enough for them to take control of the situation, and it could've been a different story. As John placed a large adhesive bandage over the wound, carefully pressing around the sticky edges, Emily released a sigh. \"You ever think about having a normal life?\" John moved his dark gaze to her for a moment before turning away and closing the medical kit. He felt her gaze on him as he slid off the seat next to her and moved to the other side of the island. She furrowed her brow and narrowed her gaze at him. She could see it in the way his shoulders tensed at the mere mention of a normal life, the way he physically moved away from her as if scared to open up to her. Emily bit her lip and, after a moment, continued, sensing hostility in his body language. \"I have,\" she began. \"I think about it all the time. I'd like to be a teacher or a doctor. I've patched myself up enough to know my way around a human body.\" \"I don't think that would count for anything, Em,\" John smirked. \"I don't think your patients would find that comforting.\" \"Well… I mean, maybe not a doctor. An EMT,\" she explained further. \"Imagine the adrenaline rushing to a patient and knowing that you are there for them in their moment of need.\" She had grown tired of killing people. Over the years, she had claimed a vast amount of lives. And though she was skilled in doing so and protected in many ways, it often kept her up at night knowing that she had taken someone's life. All she would be given was a name, addresses and a photograph, and that would be it. She would then be on her way to track down the individual and she would spend weeks setting everything up so that the kill was meticulously planned and didn't involve any innocent bystanders. The people she was hired to kill were bad people; but even so, she still had a conscious. \"But truthfully, I'm in this for a long time,\" she analysed, her own voice faltering at the realisation at how hard it would be to leave this world behind. Her departure would cost her, and she wondered just how big the cost would be. After a moment of silence between the two friends, John took a breath. \"I have thought about what a normal life would be like, and… I do want a normal existence that doesn't involve going away for weeks, months, years on end, hunting and tracking down people who have wronged other people, and killing them in ways to ensure their demise. I never believed that I would consider turning my back against this world but leaving her behind is becoming harder.\" \"Her?\" Emily's brows furrowed, and her heart dropped. She noticed he refused to look at her then, and she felt her skin prickle with cool anxiety. John looked at her then, his chest heaving with a heavy breath. \"I… I've met someone. Helen,\" he explained. \"She doesn't know anything about me or what I do. All she knows is that I go away for periods of time and I come back.\" \"Do you love her?\" Emily asked, and she tried with all her might to not drop her calm and collective façade. She pressed her lips together to stop her bottom lip from trembling, she clasped her hands tightly together to stop her hands from shaking uncontrollably. His gaze never wavered from her and she was grateful that she could see his true answer from the way his eyes spoke the truth. \"I do,\" he nodded. \"It's a strange concept, isn't it? Love. I never thought I would be worthy of love seeing as I hurt so many, but…\" \"I'm happy for you,\" Emily said honestly. She was even shocked that the comment had escaped her mouth, but she was, underneath it all, happy for him. He loved someone who loved him back, and she couldn't be happier that he found someone. John was silent, before he nodded in her direction. A silent thank you, a silent sign of gratitude. He had been afraid to tell her for many reasons; and now as the dust settled from his exclamation, he didn't understand why he had been fearful of telling her. His job required a cool and hard exterior, but she was his friend and had been for many years. They had worked together more times than they could count, and though there had been things neither of them knew about the other, they still talked about a lot of things. Their childhoods, school, their dream vacation, their first kills, the kills that kept them up at night… \"I don't want to see you back, Jonathan,\" she said after a moment. \"You get out of this job, and you make a life for you and Helen. You hear me?\" John ran a hand through his hair, and glanced around at the death that surrounded him. He knew what he wanted deep down, but it put everything into perspective when someone else said. He watched Emily for a moment, noticing the cuts to her face, the dark bruises forming on her face, the guilt of her actions weighing her down. She was young and had done and seen so much in her career. And he had done things he regretted even to this day, and over the years, he had come to accept them because he had to move on. But this life… he didn't always want to be a part of this world. His choices had changed, and his life had shifted thus bringing him something he never thought would be possible: love. John nodded slowly. \"You get out, too…\" he whispered, and watching as a small smirk formed on her lips and a small chuckle emitted from her, he knew that it wasn't an easy feat to leave such a world behind. As a knock sounded on the door to the grand mansion, and seeing the familiar faces of the cleaning team, he couldn't shake the darkness that clambered after him. The cleaners restored the house to its previous state; the marble floors having been dulled and stained with blood and cluttered with bodies were now glistening as if they had never been touched. Emily and John walked out of the house together, side by side. Before they moved to their respectful cars, Emily turned to John and offered him a soft smirk. \"Promise me you'll never come back to this world.\" \"I promise,\" John nodded, a soft smile forming on his lips. He thought of the potential life he could have with Helen, and his heart swelled with love for her. She didn't know this part of his life, and she didn't have to. He didn't want her to either. Helen knew the kind, quiet and loving man, and that's all she needed to know about him. Emily extended her hand out to him, and feeling his strong hand envelope hers, she spoke: \"It was nice working with you, John Wick.\" And as they parted ways for seemingly the last time, neither one of them could ever predict the events that would transpire.[Chapter 2] CHAPTER ONE Three Years Later Funerals always unsettled Emily Montgomery. The heaviness of sadness that overwhelmed her was something she could never properly process. The line of work she did always resulted in death; something she had grown accustomed to in her years of professionalism. It was a requirement and a responsibility to ensure that was the idyllic result. She had grown to accept that not everyone was destined to live a full life, and often she was the reason for that. And though her life was anything but normal, she couldn't truly fathom the sorrow she felt within her heart in that moment as she stood amongst the other mourners. Death, for a normal person, was a sad affair. The pain was permanent, a never-ending array of emotions that would cause a normal person to fight hard to control and maintain. Life was cruel, she understood that wholeheartedly; but when death took away a good person before their time, she was angry and bitter. Helen's death hadn't been a surprise. She had been terminally ill for a year before death came and claimed her; and even though death had been at her fingertips for the last few months of her life, she had kept a smile on her face. She hadn't let it defeat her in any way. John had been her main carer, finding solitude in ensuring she felt good in herself despite her failing condition. He felt it his duty, as a husband, to provide his wife with the utmost respect and dignity that she had shown him when the nightmares began. He would hold her when the pain became too much, and her body felt as though it was being ripped apart internally; and he would hold her hand when the fever spread like wildfire and she was too uncomfortable to hold close to him. The hospital had given her the resources she needed, but she understood that was not where she wanted to die. Helen had wanted to return home, to spend her final days with some normality in her life, and John had agreed that it would be best for her to be surrounded by her favourite things instead of a hospital room that adorned blank walls and a sickly scent of death that hung in the air. He had brought her home to their marital home, and he had been there, holding her hand, when she took her last breath. He had laid beside her in their marital bed as her body became still and her hand relaxed in his. And just like Emily, he wasn't used to losing people he cared about. Death for him always meant the end of an assignment and the start of a new one. He had never encountered how the pain would engulf his very being and cause his world to grow darker than he ever thought possible. The loss of Helen from his life had been hard to cope with, and he believed he would never be able to find peace in life anymore. And though Emily had only met Helen several times, it was evident the love the two of them shared. Helen adored John, and he idolised her. John had contacted Emily a few months after he fully retired to invite her over to their house; a small dinner party with drinks, music, and stories. He had introduced her to Helen as an old colleague who still worked at the company he had worked at; and she had played along with it, retelling shared stories without going into too much detail. Emily became good friends with Helen, which she hadn't expected, and had a friendship with her away from John. Helen had been everything she had wanted for John, and more. After a while, she began to refuse the invitations to spend a weekend with them at their house, for dinner parties, for evenings out, citing that work was too busy and she couldn't get away. They both understood in their own ways; Helen seeing nothing wrong with her constant refusal, knowing from John's previous work just how difficult it was for him to get time away to enjoy the simple things in life, but John had known that work wasn't the true reason for her not spending time with having spoken with an old friend about the situation. Marcus had kept him updated on Emily since his retirement, and Marcus had understood that John was looking out for his friend; having left her behind was something he struggled with for a long time. He never questioned her refusal to go to their house, not wanting to pry but he knew she hadn't been on missions like she had told him. For Emily, it was harder being in their company than she could ever imagine and so, she stayed away. As Emily stood opposite John, with Marcus by her side, she watched as he stared down at the coffin filling the rectangular shaped mouth in the ground. Sobs emitted from the people around her; family members, friends, colleagues, showing their pain and sadness at such a loss. But John had remained calm and collected, his whole demeanour betraying the internal agony he was suffering through; an invisible war his heart was battling. Tears were shed but not his own, and Emily had furrowed her brow even at that. His wife was gone, and he seemed fine. Their gazes had met after a moment, the burning of hers upon him had been intense and never seemed to waver from him, and it was only then that she saw how he truly felt; his dark eyes betrayed him in ways she never thought possible. John had been the first one to drop dirt onto Helen's coffin; and to him, it was an act of betrayal. Though he would always wear his wedding ring, a sign of a love he once had; it was strange to comprehend life without her. She had come into his life like a whirlwind, and he had lost her just as so. Their short romance had been everything he hadn't ever expected to have, and it had shown him that he could have a normal life with the love of a good woman, but life had funny ways of showing its gratitude and he knew this was a test that he needed to endure. He had known life could never truly be simple; and he instantly knew it was because of the terrible things he was capable of doing that he lost her so soon. Life had dangled happiness on a thread and he had taken the bait like an oblivious fish wanting feed. But one thing was true, and he knew it deep down as he stared at Emily and saw the heartache in her face, that he would do it all again. .. The house had been filled with chatter, a stark contrast to the usual silence that filled each room. As Helen had returned to live out her final few weeks at home, the house had been silent and calm. She would be sleeping in their bedroom for most of the day, and John would tend to her whenever she stirred or woke up in pain. John had found it difficult to comprehend just how many people filled each room as friends and family of Helen sharing stories of the wonderful woman they had all known and loved. They pulled at him from every direction and he had to remain strong as he spoke about the woman he had cherished more than life itself, all the while breaking apart inside. All he wanted to do was to tell people to go, to mourn elsewhere, but he knew they needed this. He needed this kind of attention, and underneath it all, it was nice to have people around him. He sought comfort in the kitchen; a haven of some sort, where the sound of chatter was just a low hum and he was able to rest against the cabinets and hide away from view of those who ventured inside. It was hard putting a brave face on for everyone. His job had required him to keep a neutral expression on his face no matter what he saw or did, but he knew he was failing at trying to keep it all together. It surged through him like an electric bolt at moments when he would forget; it was just for a moment, as he would see the ghost of Helen weave her way through the crowds of people, her beautiful smile beaming out to the world. But realisation would hit him like a freight train and she would vanish as quick as she would appear, and he would find himself physically weaken at the understanding that he would never see her walk in the door after a long day at work, or have her scent waft by him as he woke on the couch from a nap, or feel her soft hands run through his hair as he held onto her in the night. Her laughter would never be heard with his ears again, nor would he ever feel her hand in his. Helen was gone, and all he had were photographs as evidence that she had been real and a part of his life. It was hard to open his heart to the grief and sorrow he could feel beginning to grasp at him, preventing him to hold onto her love and promise that she would always be there. He was going to war, and he was the only one who could go to battle. .. Emily found him a short time later. He was in the kitchen, moving glasses marked with lipstick into the dishwasher. At the sound of the door opening, he had glanced up quickly at the sudden noise. Instinct had taught him that much. Once he was reassured that it wasn't a threat as Emily came through the door, something he knew he would have to work on, he placed the last of the glasses in the machine and closed the door. The noise from the dishwasher whirring filled the silence that descended upon them as the door closed behind her. Emily watched as John pottered around the kitchen, wiping the counters down even though they were gleaming. She moved her head to the ticking of the clock and noticed that it was reaching midnight, and felt herself sigh at the sudden descend into night she hadn't expected. It had been much later than she had realised, and she could understand why John had found refuge in the quietness of the kitchen. He continued to clean the already clean kitchen before he stopped and threw the towel onto the counter in a silent rage. \"I can get them to leave,\" Emily offered as she placed her half-drunk wine onto the counter. It was warm from the amount of time she'd had it for. She wasn't much of a drinker, usually just having it in her hand for conversation. John gave her a small shake of the head in response, a hand running through his hair so that it was out of his eyes. He placed his hands on the counter, a way to hold himself up as he felt his legs begin to buckle beneath him. He was exhausted; mentally and physically drained. \"Is there anything you want me to do?\" Emily asked, her voice small. She hated the thought of not doing anything to help John when it was obvious that he was struggling in such a way. He offered her another shake of the head and remained quiet, knowing his voice would fail him if he did need help. \"Thank you for coming,\" John said after a moment. \"She would've been so happy to know that you came today.\" Emily felt her eyes fill with tears and her lip begin to tremble. \"I'm sorry… for everything. For not accepting invitations, for not spending more time with the both of you—\" John raised a hand at her. \"It's fine. You don't have to explain.\" Emily fell silent then, knowing there wasn't much else she could say. Laughter erupted outside the kitchen door but neither turned towards it. After a moment, John was the one who spoke. \"I lost her…\" \"You haven't lost her,\" Emily whispered, her voice failing her. \"She's still here. She's in your heart, in your mind…\" \"But she's not here ,\" John said, his voice deep and thick with emotion. \"I can't bring her back. I can't hold her anymore. I can't—\" Emily found herself moving around the kitchen island, where she wrapped her arms around John. His body was hard and unmoving, tense and poised as always, but after a moment, she felt his body soften and his strong arms move around her. The hug was short, but it offered them some solace. \"If you ever need anything, day or night, you know where I am,\" Emily said, pulling away from him. He released his strong arms from around her and stood to his full height. \"Thank you,\" John nodded and, after a small moment, continued: \"Stay safe out there, okay?\" Emily offered a small smile. \"I'm always careful, John. You know that.\" Emily left the wake a short time later with Marcus who drove her to the airport. The thought of leaving John in a house all alone was difficult, but she knew he would call if he needed anything. As Marcus dropped her off at the airport, he held her a little tighter than usual, the events of the day beginning to take its toll. \"He'll need us more than ever now,\" Marcus began. \"And we will be there for him, no matter what. We don't come into this business to make friends, but he's our friend and we look out for him just like he looks out for us in our times of need.\" He waved her off before returning to John's house and helping John with the clean-up. As she boarded her flight, she couldn't shake off Marcus' words to her nor the pain in John's eyes. .. The apartment was quiet as she pushed open the heavy door. She flicked the lights on, allowing the room to be engulfed with light, and it was then that she noticed that everything was the same as when she had left it just two days before. As she placed her bag down on the floor, slipped out of her coat and shoes and hung the former up on the wall, it dawned on her now the true amount of time she spent at home. Her job required a lot of field work, and so her apartment wasn't extravagant nor was it filled with unnecessary furnishings. She had lived there for the last five years, but she could only count a handful of times of her being at home and enjoying her space. The apartment was not scattered with personal items, there was nothing in the small apartment to cause it to stand out as Emily's home. It was merely a stepping stone, a respite, a place that always welcomed her back despite what she had done in her time away. She lived alone in the one-bedroom apartment. The living, kitchen and dining area were all combined; an acquired taste for needing to see and know everything. The windows were large, overlooking the New York City skyline. That was one of the reasons why she always stayed, she guessed; to look down upon the city, knowing that she was able to come and go as she pleased, and knowing that she could get in and out with the hustle and bustle of human traffic on the street below. But there had been another reason for her stay. She slipped out of her clothes, tiredness overwhelming her in a different way than she was used to, and adorned comfier casual clothes. She sat in the stillness of the room and rested her body into the couch, eyes closed and breathing calm. A heavy knock sounded on the door. Her eyes flew open as she turned her attention onto the door. She stood, moving towards her desk where she pulled out her pistol, and with the weapon poised, she advanced towards the door slowly. Another knock sounded, and she peeked through the peep-hole that allowed her an insight of who was outside. She brought her gun up, her hand fixed around the small body of the weapon. She faltered then, as her eyes took in the familiar figure of the man standing on the other side of the door. Light hair, blue eyes, a stark contrast to the true man she loved. She placed the gun into the kitchen drawer and composed herself before opening the door. \"Babe,\" he said as she opened the door to reveal each other. She offered a smile, as he stepped inside. He placed a kiss upon her forehead before moving past her and making himself comfy on her couch. \"You didn't tell me you were back.\" \"I've only just gotten back,\" she replied, closing the door and watching as he placed his feet up on the clutter free coffee table. Jason looked at her, noticing the light make-up painting her face, the way her hair had been tied up but now hung just below her shoulders. Her attire was a simple casual outfit of leggings and an oversized tee. He nodded then. \"Work's been crazy since you left. How was the, uh-\" \"The funeral,\" she answered, and saw his face drop. \"I'm so sorry,\" he said, standing and moving towards her. \"I completely forgot. I'm sorry…\" Emily shrugged him off and stepped away from him. She observed his stance: he was a cop, an authority figure. She wanted someone in her life who could protect themselves. He was tall, a little taller than John, and a considerable amount taller than her. His shoulders were broad with muscles to match. He was out of his uniform, and in the usual casual clothes he would wear and what she would usually see him in. Jeans, a tee, and a hoodie. \"I've been thinking for a while,\" Jason started, edging closer to her. \"I want to see more of you. And I understand that you work away most of the time, but I want to take the next step with you.\" Emily heard alarm bells ring inside her mind. She opened and closed her mouth a few times, her eyes wide and brows furrowed. \"I know it's a lot to take in,\" Jason continued, noticing her panic. \"But when you're ready then I'm ready.\" He closed the gap between them, and ran a hand along her jawline, his thumb skimming over her full bottom lip. He dipped his head slightly and brushed his lips against hers. And though he felt it, he didn't make mention of it: the resistance and hesitation in her returning kiss, the way her hands remained by her side just like they had done many times before. It was as if they were together physically, but her mind was elsewhere. As he released her, she noticed the thoughtful expression on his face. \"I've missed you,\" she whispered, her voice low. She kissed him back again, this time with passion. She swallowed the lump in her throat and led him into the bedroom without a second word. .. It was in the early hours of the morning when she heard a dull buzzing sound coming from a distance. As she opened her eyes slowly and glanced over at her sleeping boyfriend who hadn't stirred at the sound, she looked around at the room, engulfed in darkness. She had returned on the Friday evening, had spent the entire weekend with Jason and they spoke about their next plans and spoke openly and honestly about what they would like to happen. As she tore her gaze away from Jason and over at the clock beside her bed, she realised that it was just before six a.m. on the Sunday morning. Her senses returned to her slowly, and she soon realised that it was neither her or Jason's phone. Emily felt her heart drop as she moved her gaze over to the wardrobe, as the dull ringing fell silent. Her work phone was always stashed away when she wasn't working; a habit she had to learn over time. It only had two contacts in it; Marcus and John. And both had taken some sort of retirement; the former realising his age and the latter retiring for other reasons. She slipped out of bed, careful to not rouse Jason from his slumber, just as the phone began to ring again. Emily unravelled the phone from the scarf she kept it hidden in. J.W. flashed on the screen and she took a deep breath. John Wick. Assassin. Friend. Widower. Internally, she was reeling. The events after the funeral had taken its toll on her; seeing the internal battle he now faced. He had promised to never call her on that number again. He had promised. Emily answered and lifted the phone to her ear where his voice filled her ears. \"Are you free?\" She glanced back at Jason's sleeping form. \"John… why are you calling me on this number?\" \"Something's happened.\" He said sternly. \"I need you.\" \"Okay,\" she whispered, after a moment. \"I'll be there soon.\" The line went dead. She packed quickly, wrote Jason a note and left it by his bedside for when he woke up, and left the apartment just as the sun began to descend upon the city. Author's Note: Just a quick hello! Thank you to everyone who has followed and favourited this story so far, I really appreciate it. Hope you enjoy! Reviews are welcome and appreciated![Chapter 3] CHAPTER TWO John spent the remaining hours of the night cleaning up the blood that had been shed that evening. The light wooden floorboards had been stained with his blood, as well as the blood from his beloved dog, Daisy. He found refuge upon the floor, his back resting against the hard stability of the couch, with the small bundle that was Daisy wrapped up in a pillow case beside him. His head was pounding, his body was beginning to hurt from the assault he had endured, but mostly his heart was breaking for the innocent death that had occurred. Daisy had been oblivious to her fate, and for John, that was the best outcome he could have wanted for her; her death was quick, and she didn't feel pain. Or at least, that was what he kept telling himself. Once the men had left, the house had grown deafly quiet. The little barks from Daisy that would wake him in the night were no more, nor were the little patter of feet behind him whenever he travelled from room to room when sleep evaded him. Her presence within the house when she first turned up at his doorstep had been unknowingly wanted, and she had been one of the best presents he ever received from anybody; and in the short few days of her being his, she had allowed him to have a reason to carry on. The two days of her being the new member of the Wick family had been short and sweet; something John hadn't realised he needed. Helen had known that the loneliness would begin to eat away at him, and so Daisy was the answer. John had loved the dog as soon as she pattered out of the crate and bounded clumsily towards him. And her death had been too soon. She had been a gift to him from Helen to fill the void once she was gone, and John couldn't shake the sadness he felt within his soul at the thought of her being so mercilessly killed because of greed. Daisy had been his, and should've been his for a long time, and she had been cruelly taken away from him. He had dragged himself along the floor to her still body, and had cradled her like he had done in the mornings when she would wake and excitedly bound towards him. She would nestle into his warm body and fall asleep once more, before it was time to wake and have some breakfast. He allowed his body to rest against the floor, the sharp pain he felt in his ribs making it hard for him to breath, but he had held her limp body and had begged for her to wake up. When she remained still at his orders, he had to accept the fact that she was gone; which was a lot harder for him to comprehend. He had heard the yelp emitting from her and the crack of her neck bouncing off every surface. He had wanted it to be a dream, and for him to wake up and be met with licks and kisses from Daisy. But the pain that he felt inside his body from the assault and the heartache of another loss spoke volumes and he knew it was his reality. He had found the first thing he could think of, and had pulled off the pillow case from her dog bed and had wrapped it around her tiny body. He then placed her in her dog bed while he went down into his basement and found the box he needed. It had been placed in the bottom drawer of his desk; something that he hadn't wanted to bury like everything else. He had carried the box back up into the house, had ventured into his bedroom where Daisy was laid, and carried her back out into the living room. He tore his eyes away from the sheet, at the markings of blood seeping through the material. And he had called her; the only person he trusted more than Helen and Marcus. His calls had remained unanswered, until he realised the time, and just when he was going to give up and handle to situation himself, she had answered. Her voice had been groggy from sleep, but he noticed the sense of hesitation when she had said his name. He had promised her that he would never need to call her on that number ever again, and he had believed that, but circumstances were different now. And he needed her more than ever. As soon as she had told him she would come to him, he knew he had a few hours to get a few things in order. He had hung up quickly, and carried Daisy downstairs into the basement where he placed her gently upon his chair. The sledgehammer was hanging from the wall, and as soon as he grabbed it, he knew his decision would be one he couldn't come back from easily. The life he turned away from. The life he gave up for love. The life he promised to never return to no matter what. The promise he had broken to himself. As the heavy metal connected with the hard concrete, he knew his decision had not been an easy one to make but it was the right one. The people who had come for him, attacked him, killed his dog, were not going to get away with what they had done. There was no way in Hell, he was going to let them forget about what they did. He had told them their actions would cost them, and they had laughed in his face, and now he had a debt to claim back. An eye for an eye, and all that. The ground vibrated with his relentless hitting, and when he saw the cracks begin to show in the concrete, he knew he could never go back. Not now, not ever. He had a job to do, and he always made sure he did it to the best of his ability. His usual jobs were from other people, wanting him to do their dirty work, but this was now personal. And John Wick was not the type of person to just forgive and forget. .. As Emily drove towards the house, she couldn't seem to shake the sharp and harsh tone of his voice that she'd heard over the phone. She had known something was up from the way he ended the call; quick and abrupt was John Wick's specialty, but not with her. And so, she had found herself leaving New York City and flying out to John as quickly as she could physically get there, and with calls put in place, she was able to rent a car with short notice. The automatic gate opened slowly, allowing her to gain access to his land, and she furrowed brow against the sunshine that beamed down on them. And it was then that she noticed him sat on the steps, his arms resting against the length of this thighs, his bloodied hands jutting over the edge of his knees, the cuts and marks to his face that he tried to hide with his hair. As soon as he saw the car coming towards him, he stood at her arrival as she pulled the car to a stop. She remained in the car for a small moment, and they stared at each other through the barrier of the windscreen. His eyes were intense; dark and brooding, but all she could focus on was the blood that adorned his clothing. \"John?\" she called for him as she exited the car, her eyes still focused on him. Her mouth was ajar with shock when she realised that the blood was his own. \"Helen… she got me a dog,\" John began, motioning behind him. From where Emily stood, she was unable to see the bundle placed on the step he had been sat on previously. \"I'm guessing to take my mind off losing her for good, and, uh… there were a few guys who wanted my Ford Mustang and the dog Helen got me, and he came for them with his entourage.\" As John explained to Emily everything he knew, she took a moment to notice her surroundings. The Ford Mustang he spoke about and had treasured was missing from his drive. The bloodied and riled state of John. And then she took in the tiny bloodstained bundle on the doorstep, still and unmoving. \"Her name was Daisy,\" John continued. \"Helen's request. A beagle puppy. Endless amount of energy.\" He trailed off then, turning back to the bundle and squeezed his eyes shut tightly. The puppy had never strayed too far away from in the time that she was in his care, and it felt foreign to not have her scratching at his leg to be picked up, or hearing the little patter of paws following after him. \"He stole my car and killed my dog,\" John continued once more. \"You know who did it?\" \"He was Russian,\" John explained, recalling the accent. \"He was cocky. One of the men called him Iosef, I'm sure.\" Emily's eyes widened then. \"You don't think… it's Viggo's son?\" John shrugged in response. \"It's possible.\" \"You need my assistance?\" Emily asked, and he looked at her then. His eyes narrowed as he shook his head. \"No.\" His voice was stern. \"I'm not letting you get in all of this. I need you to talk to Marcus.\" \"About?\" \"A pardon,\" John said. \"Someone has a debt to pay for what they did, and I need to find out who's behind it all.\" .. Emily had left John to his own devices, finding solitude in the living room as he was out in the garden burying Daisy. She had watched him from her seat at the dining table where she sat for a while as she spoke with Jason who had called her on his way to work. He had called a few times, but his calls were all left unanswered as she travelled to John. He was worried, but she quickly reassured him that it was an emergency with work. He was instantly relieved, but told her to keep in contact with him which she had promised him she would. It was weird how many ties she had made the last few months, some of which she never thought she would ever do. She was a lone wolf who never relied on anyone. Her next call had been Marcus; who had immediately wanted to know all the details she knew. Marcus had confirmed her own thoughts, and that was to stay with John for as long as he wanted her to, and to never let him to something stupid. He was angry and hurt, and those were not a good combination when dealing with a situation. And the current situation he was in was a difficult one. \"He mentioned that one of the guys called another by the name of Iosef,\" Emily explained. \"You don't think it's Viggo's son?\" \"I'm afraid it is,\" Marcus acknowledged the name she had given him, and it worried him though his voice didn't fail him. \"Don't let him do anything stupid, Emily. Don't make him do anything he'll regret.\" But it was easier said than done, and she knew John well. He was a complex man who didn't do things without a good reason. He was driven by his heart, and it showed that each job and assignment he was called to was done well. \"Wait,\" Marcus called back. \"Don't tell him. Let me work a deal with Viggo, and I'll call back.\" \"But he came after John,\" Emily countered. \"I know,\" Marcus replied. \"I don't want John to get hurt. He came away from this life for a reason, and Viggo was his last assignment. And he made him do unspeakable things, Emily, and we can't have him come face to face with him again.\" As soon as the call between her and Marcus ended, she searched for a pen and paper where she documented all the information she had received from Marcus. She ripped the paper from the pad just as John entered the house, his eyes observing her carefully. He furrowed his brow at her and she bit her lip. \"Have you spoken with Marcus?\" John asked, to which Emily nodded. \"Did he say anything?\" \"He's heard a few things from the grapevine,\" Emily enlightened. \"It seems it's making its rounds.\" John nodded slowly. \"And I'm guessing he told you to babysit me, and to not make me do something I'd regret?\" \"You know what Marcus is like,\" she replied. \"He just wants to keep you safe, that's all.\" \"Do you know who it was who did it?\" John asked, narrowing his gaze at her, and she looked away then. \"Who did it?\" The piece of paper in her hand became heavier as John's voice filled her senses. She knew if the whole situation was turned around and she had been attacked that he would be there to tell her who was capable of doing such things. He would've been there for her in a heartbeat, just like she had been for him. She stepped forward and passed the paper to him. \"I haven't technically told you but everything you need to know is in there.\"[Chapter 4] CHAPTER THREE Emily's familiar scrawl that was etched into the piece of paper burned in his mind as he forced himself to remember it off by heart. He and Emily had taken refuge in the kitchen as John busied himself with brewing coffee for them both; knowing he needed to keep his mind pre-occupied as he decided what his next action was going to be. Emily sat at the breakfast bar, tapping her fingers against the cold marble counter. As he poured the dark hot liquid into cups, he slid one towards Emily who quietly thanked him. He remained standing and leaned against the counters, his eyes watching as Emily absentmindedly took a sip and wincing at the hot liquid. She was impatient, exhausted. He knew she had travelled to him as fast she physically could, and he was grateful that she had been there for him. The night had been slow and haunting for him to comprehend fully, but having Emily be in his company was something he didn't realise he needed. They worked together well, having formed a true friendship despite the many times they came face to face when working. He had saved her life a few times, just like she had saved his. There was a mutual understanding between them both; and even though the situation was different, and it was now John facing such a dilemma, it was comforting to know she was there for him as a friend. Friendships were hard to build in their world. Their line of work was difficult, separate and grim. And it was tough to keep friendships with normal people, never mind with other assassins. They would stumble across some of them at the Continental who would always be around and taking refuge in the safe haven, and there would be others who they would never see again. It was a game of life and death; where friendships were always off the table. But they had forged a friendship, and it had lasted which was something they both were grateful for. Emily placed the mug down on the table and turned her attention towards John. She furrowed her brow. \"What's your plan, John?\" John faltered at her question. He hadn't known what he was going to do; the anger in his heart was the only thing fuelling him. He knew it was a toxic component to rely on, but it was often the only thing to carry him through to the end. He thought back to the piece of paper, with all the relevant information on it, and wondered what he wanted to do. His deceased wife had given him a gift to help him mourn her death, so that he would have something to rely on him for care and love, but Daisy had also been something for him to focus his attention on and care for something as she knew caring for himself wouldn't be his main priority. A puppy had been a welcome relief for him, but it had been cut short. And he didn't want to admit that he was struggling to cope with that additional loss. \"I don't know,\" he responded honestly. \"I've not thought too far ahead.\" Emily nodded and took a sip of her coffee. \"That's probably the best thing.\" She knew it all too well, and she knew going in with haste wasn't the ideal thing to do. You had to be calculated, knowing, and sure of your actions and the possibilities whether they were good or bad. But the furrow of his brow caused her own to dip slightly as she saw it in his eyes; the anger, the frustration, the true loss. The dog had meant something to him in the short time of her being in his life, and Emily could only feel for him. She had known loss but not in the same extent as John had. He had lost his wife too soon, and in a way where every day was uncertain. To watch someone you love grow increasingly ill must have been the hardest thing to comprehend. To know that there was nothing they could do to help ease her pain or to take the cancer away was frustrating in many ways. He had loved so much, and he had lost so much. \"Are you back?\" Emily asked the burning question that she'd had as soon as she saw him sat on the doorstep waiting for her. She had wanted to ask him before now, but every moment didn't seem right. \"I'm not letting those men get away with what they did,\" John responded, his voice hoarse and full of anger. The faces of the men flashed in his memory and he took in every feature of them, hoping that his exhausted mind would remember the slightest details. It was tough, his memory affected by the blow to the head after the beating he had been given. But as he moved his gaze away from Emily, he knew he hadn't answered the question for he was scared. He could feel it in his heart that his return to that world would not go unnoticed, but he had been burned by the son of a man who had been his last mission. If he admitted to Emily that he was back, there was no way he could get out of what the future held. It was possible that his actions towards the Tarasov family would be the catalyst of any further issues he would encounter… but he wasn't going to let them get away with it. He couldn't. \"Go take a shower,\" Emily suggested, motioning towards his bloodstained attire. She noticed his aversion to her question and knew it was an unspoken answer. He looked down at himself then and noticed the blood still staining his clothes and skin. He nodded absentmindedly and moved towards the kitchen door. He turned back to Emily and stared at her. She kept his gaze strongly. \"I have to do this,\" he whispered, to which she nodded knowingly. And she understood his reasons and couldn't fault his decision. He moved to leave the room but was stopped by the ringing of his phone. .. Viggo Tarasov didn't know what made him call John Wick in that moment. The appearance of his son after a twelve-day binge had been a startling one, and Viggo had known instantly that something wasn't right. It was an intuition he'd always had, especially in the world he was so used to, that his son's sudden appearance usually meant he had done something to which he would then have to clean up his mess. Iosef had always been the difficult child, ever since he was born. Viggo had two other children including Iosef who had both been dreams compared to Iosef and his troubles. The wild child, the party animal, the brat… Iosef always made sure he kicked up a fuss over the littlest of issues which would then create even bigger problems for himself and his father. Viggo could never understand why Iosef always seemed to drag his feet in the mud for he had given his son everything he ever could've wanted, and yet somehow, it was never good enough. But Iosef's appearance had spelt danger, and Viggo could see it in his son's eyes that something wasn't right. \"What have you done?\" he had asked, a hint of venom in his voice. Iosef had ignored him and poured himself a drink. Viggo watched his son ignore him for another moment before he wiped his brow. \"Nothing, Father,\" he responded after a moment. \"Why would you say that?\" \"It seems as though you have been causing trouble for me, son,\" Viggo commented, his voice strangely calm despite the anger bubbling inside his veins. He watched as his son turned his attention to his father, as he drank a large gulp of whiskey. \"I haven't done anything,\" Iosef commented quickly, his sole attention on his father now. Viggo shook his head and bit his lip, the dark taste of whiskey stuck to his lips. He understood from Iosef's reaction that his son had been up to something untoward, tarnishing the family name Viggo had worked hard to create. They were invincible, but Iosef seemed to have other ideas when it came to keeping their name known. \"I swear, Father… anything I've done was for a reason…\" Viggo turned then, staring at the face of a son who had once wanted to follow in his father's footsteps but was now causing him more trouble than he had expected a son would. \"So… you have been doing something. What have you done?\" \"This guy… he… was asking for it,\" Iosef was quick to answer, knowing his father's wrath was something he didn't want to experience again. \"He was baiting me and my friends… and so we taught him a lesson…\" \"Who?\" \"I don't know… some guy,\" Iosef shrugged. \"We beat him up good, stole his car… Vlad didn't mean to kill the guy's dog…\" Viggo downed his drink and placed the empty glass upon the bar surface. \"And you don't know who the guy was?\" \"No… like I said, he was just some guy who needed to be taught a lesson…\" Iosef explained, his voice calming. Viggo closed the gap between his son then, and tapped him on the shoulder, the anger bubbling away at the surface. His face remained emotionless, but as he took a deep breath, he raised his arm up and struck his son across the face. His son reacted, wincing at the strike to his face, and reeled away from his father quickly. \"What was that for?\" he cried out, the startling pain erupting across his face. \"You piss my name up the wall,\" Viggo seethed, his voice thick with anger. \"You and your friends spend my money like it's nothing and then I have to pick up the pieces of everything you destroy and pay people off because you can't seem to stay in line. There's no respect to me or your mother from you, and we're supposed to clean up the messes you make. And that isn't going to happen anymore!\" \"But—\" \"Get out of my sight.\" Viggo said sternly. \"I'm going to make a few calls and clean up this mess you've made.\" Iosef remained there for a moment before nodding and rushing out of the room. Viggo was expecting to hear the front door slam shut but he heard his son rush upstairs to his room. He heard the door to a bedroom shut in the distance and he made his way over towards the phone. He pulled out his notebook and searched for the name he'd been thinking of since he heard of Iosef's escapades. He pressed in the number and lifted the piece to his ear. It rang for a few moments before it was picked up on the other end. \"John,\" he said after a short silence after the call connected. \"Viggo.\" .. One thing Emily had learned from her job was that loyalty was something that ran deeper than anything else. There were some connections she had made where one meeting had been all a relationship had been; and others had become unbreakable. Her relationship with John had started on the wrong foot, and she had doubted her actions in that moment. It seemed a long time ago since their first ever meeting, but she remembered it like it was just yesterday. It had been her first mission and it had gone horribly wrong from the start; a few agents had been sent out to take down a corrupt underground drug lord who had been dealing counterfeit drugs to those of higher superiority in society. As the death toll increased and the world was shaken by their sudden and questionable deaths, the job had been placed in their hands. The underground world had been expecting them and had retaliated, and no amount of training seemed to benefit them. But he had walked in as bullets rained upon them, and he had given them all the confidence and courage to do what they were trained to do. She had been nicked by a bullet and had been enough to take her off her feet, but he had been there in an instant. He had knelt beside her and patched her up and had protected her from the onslaught of bullets as they made their escape. And to see him standing there in front of her after everything they had been through was a crazy realisation. They had always had each other's backs after that moment, when her life flashed before her eyes and he had been her beacon of hope. And when the world had darkened around them, they had both pulled each other out of the pit of darkness they found themselves in. It had always been that way, and she knew it always would be that way. \"Your son… he attacked me in my home,\" John began. \"He killed my dog. And he stole my car.\" Viggo was silent on the other end and Emily watched John turn to her and their eyes met. \"I imagine you're surprised that I'm the one who he did that to,\" John added after the moment of silence on Viggo's end. \"What do you have planned, John?\" Viggo asked, his voice low and understanding. John was not a man to just let things go, especially when they happened to him or his friends. \"I think you know what I have planned, Viggo,\" he responded coldly. \"John, we can tal—\" John cut the call and laid the phone on the coffee table, where he then took a seat opposite Emily. \"What do you have planned?\" Emily asked the same question Viggo had asked him. The phone rang again but John was quick to silence it and it continued to vibrate on the glass surface. \"He's someone's son,\" John acknowledged. \"He's Viggo's son… but he was capable of all of this …\" Emily sighed and ran a hand through her hair. \"Your silence speaks volumes, John. He knows you mean it. You could play with him for a few days, build up the apprehension, enough for him to break and call to make a deal. Or…\" \"Or, I could stamp the fire out before it destroys everything else,\" John added to which Emily nodded. \"Time is of the essence, John,\" Emily commented. \"And I'm here for whatever you decide to do.\" ","Summary":" PROLOGUE Their chests heaved as their muscles relaxed against the stained hard floor of the kitchen"},{"Movie":"John Wick","Title":"CLICK","Author":"gunman","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12557266","Passage":"[Chapter 1] CLICK by Gunman Disclaimer: I do not own John Wick or their characters. Summary: John makes a different decision when faced with Santino at the Continental hotel. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX John Wick stared hard at the Italian man as he sat in the lounge of the Continental. John was bloodied, bruised, haggard and limping just a little. Gun in hand, he stared down the man who had used him and then betrayed him. \"Duck fat. Makes all the difference.\" Santino D'Antonio said as he sat at the private table. \"Jonathan...\" Winston, the manager and owner of the Continental said to Wick. \"Have you seen the menu here? Lot of options.\" Santino said, somewhat smugly. \"Jonathan, listen to me...\" Winston said again, trying to get John's attention. \"A man can stay here a long time and never eat the same meal twice.\" Santino said. \"Jonathan, just walk away.\" Winston said, more urgency in his voice. \"Yeah, Jonathan. Walk a...\" John slid the chamber back on the gun, the bullet ejecting without incident. He quickly turned the gun on Santino and pulled the trigger. CLICK. The few people in the lounge, including Winston and Santino, let out a breath. \"Do you know the last thing your sister said to me? She asked me... if I believed in damnation. You know what I said? I said 'yes'. Because I know, the second I die, I'll never see my beloved Helen again. I have no illusions about that.\" John said as he turned around and walked over to the bar. The bartender looked at John, as if waiting for him to make his order. \"Bourbon. Neat.\" John said as he stood by the bar, his rage boiling over in his body. Winston just looked at John as he stood beside him. He could see John's hands shaking. \"I have to admit, Jonathan, I actually thought you would shoot him. Here.\" Winston stated. \"I still want to.\" John said as the bartender brought him his drink. \"You know, of course, the repercussions of such an action.\" Winston said. \"I do.\" he said as he guzzled down his drink. John then placed two gold coins down on the bar. \"What's that for?\" Winston asked. \"Dinner reservation.\" he said. At hearing those words, Winston tensed up, thinking that John was going to kill Santino anyway. \"John, you know better.\" Winston warned as the bartender refilled his drink. \"But I also know that I have no other way out.\" he said. Winston looked at John, slightly puzzled. \"They'll never stop hunting me. He'll never cancel the price on my head. And I can't touch him without bringing hell down upon myself.\" John said as he downed his drink again. \"I'll be hunted no matter where I go.\" Winston kept silent. \"Tell Charon to take care of my dog.\" John said as he slid the bullet back into the chamber of his gun. \"John...\" Winston said, getting nervous now. \"And tell Aurelio, he can have my car.\" John added as he gripped the handle of the gun. Winston was not liking where this was going. \"Jonathan... don't.\" Winston said, now realizing what was about to happen. He'd hoped he was wrong, but now... \"I'll never be free. Even in a nice refuge.\" he said as he looked up at the ceiling. \"There are other ways of handling this.\" Winston said. \"To live, when others want you dead, is in itself, a great victory.\" \"I tried to live. I tried to quit. I tried to be happy. And now... I'm tired. I'm just so tired.\" \"Then take a rest, Jonathan.\" he suggested. \"An eternal rest.\" \"Don't do this.\" he said, knowing full well that a man of Focus, even in his waning moments, could not be swayed. \"I'm sorry about the carpet, Winston.\" \"Jonathan...\" The gun slid neatly underneath his chin, his eyes closed as he muttered three words. \"Helen... forgive me.\" he said, right before he pulled the trigger. BANG! His body fell to the ground, the gun still clutched tightly in his hand as the blood stained the fine, and recently cleaned, carpet. Winston said nothing, and motioned for Santino to say nothing either. He was not in the mood. Winston hoped, he truly hoped, that John Wick, in some way, found peace. He knew it was a fools hope, considering Johns life, but maybe, just maybe, a merciful god would grant this poor man something. Santino said nothing as he walked out of the hotel, a satisfied smile on his face. Back inside the Continental, Winston pulled his phone out his phone and dialed a number. He looked to the bartender. \"Mr. Wick has a dinner reservation. Would you call it in?\" he asked the bartender. \"Yes, sir.\" the female bartender said. \"Operator. How may I direct your call?\" a female voice said. \"Accounts Payable.\" Winston replied. \"One moment, please.\" Winston waited a few seconds. \"Accounts payable. How may I help you?\" a new female voice said. \"I'd like to open an account.\" Winston said. \"Name on the account?\" \"Santino D'Antonio.\" \"Verification?\" \"1-1-1-1-1.\" \"State of contract?\" \"Open.\" \"Location?\" \"New York City. All five boroughs.\" \"Denomination?\" \"5 million.\" \"Processing.\" Winston was still on the phone, as Charlie and two of his men arrived for John. \"Order confirmed.\" the operator said. \"Thank you.\" he said. \"Is there anything else to declare, sir?\" \"Yes. The account for John Wick has been closed.\" Winston stated. \"By whom?\" the woman asked. \"The man himself. Dinner reservations are under way.\" \"Understood.\" Winston sighed as he hung up the phone. \"The usual, sir?\" Charlie asked the manager of the Continental. \"No. I think, The Special, for our dear Jonathan.\" Winston said as he handed Charlie a third coin and looked at John's dead body \"Rest in peace, my boy.\" XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Authors Notes: Just a little something I came up with after watching John Wick Chapter 2 on DVD. Finally got to the end. I just wonder, what would have happened, if John had decided not to kill Santino on Continental grounds. Yes, John died, but Santino would be getting his in almost the same way. Hunted, like John was. With John dead the contract was cancelled, and thus a new contract was opened. Course, that only applies while Santino is in New York.[Chapter 2] CLICK by Gunman Disclaimer: I do not own John Wick or its characters. Summary: An alternate take on my last chapter. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Chapter 2 Alternate Ending John Wick stared hard at the Italian man as he sat in the lounge of the Continental. John was bloodied, bruised, haggard and limping just a little. Gun in hand, he stared down the man who had used him and then betrayed him. \"Duck fat. Makes all the difference.\" Santino D'Antonio said as he sat at the private table. \"Jonathan...\" Winston, the manager and owner of the Continental said to Wick. \"Have you seen the menu here? Lot of options.\" Santino said, somewhat smugly. \"Jonathan, listen to me...\" Winston said again, trying to get John's attention. \"A man can stay here a long time and never eat the same meal twice.\" Santino said. \"Jonathan, just walk away.\" Winston said, more urgency in his voice. \"Yeah, Jonathan. Walk a...\" John slid the chamber back on the gun, the bullet ejecting without incident. He quickly turned the gun on Santino and pulled the trigger. CLICK. The few people in the lounge, including Winston and Santino, let out a breath. \"Do you know the last thing your sister said to me? She asked me... if I believed in damnation. You know what I said? I said 'yes'. Because I know, the second I die, I'll never see my beloved Helen again. I have no illusions about that.\" John said as he turned around and walked over to the bar. The bartender looked at John, as if waiting for him to make his order. \"Bourbon. Neat.\" John said as he stood by the bar, his rage boiling over in his body. Winston just looked at John as he stood beside him. He could see John's hands shaking. \"I have to admit, Jonathan, I actually thought you would shoot him. Here.\" Winston stated. \"I still want to.\" John said as the bartender brought him his drink. \"You know, of course, the repercussions of such an action.\" Winston said. \"I do.\" he said as he guzzled down his drink. John then placed two gold coins down on the bar. \"What's that for?\" Winston asked. \"Dinner reservation.\" he said. At hearing those words, Winston tensed up, thinking that John was going to kill Santino anyway. \"John, you know better.\" Winston warned as the bartender refilled his drink. \"But I also know that I have no other way out.\" he said. Winston looked at John, slightly puzzled. \"They'll never stop hunting me. He'll never cancel the price on my head. And I can't touch him without bringing hell down upon myself.\" John said as he downed his drink again. \"I'll be hunted no matter where I go.\" Winston kept silent. \"Tell Charon to take care of my dog.\" John said as he slid the bullet back into the chamber of his gun. \"John...\" Winston said, getting nervous now. \"And tell Aurelio, he can have my car.\" John added as he gripped the handle of the gun. Winston was not liking where this was going. \"Jonathan... don't.\" Winston said, now realizing what was about to happen. He'd hoped he was wrong, but now... \"I'll never be free. Even in a nice refuge.\" he said as he looked up at the ceiling. \"There are other ways of handling this.\" Winston said. \"To live, when others want you dead, is in itself, a great victory.\" \"I tried to live. I tried to quit. I tried to be happy. And now... I'm tired. I'm just so tired.\" \"Then take a rest, Jonathan.\" he suggested. \"An eternal rest.\" \"Don't do this.\" he said, knowing full well that a man of Focus, even in his waning moments, could not be swayed. \"I'm sorry about the carpet, Winston.\" \"Jonathan...\" The gun slid neatly underneath his chin, his eyes closed as he muttered three words. \"Helen... forgive me.\" he said, right before he pulled the trigger. BANG! His body fell to the ground, the gun still clutched tightly in his hand as the blood stained the fine, and recently cleaned, carpet. Winston said nothing, and motioned for Santino to say nothing either. He was not in the mood. Winston hoped, he truly hoped, that John Wick, in some way, found peace. He knew it was a fools hope, considering Johns life, but maybe, just maybe, a merciful god would grant this poor man something. Santino said nothing as he walked out of the hotel, a satisfied smile on his face. He was outside the Continental Hotel of New York, right on the street, and was about to hail a taxi to take him back to his own private residence, when he heard the unmistakable sound of hammer being cocked back. CLICK! Santino slowly turned around and half-expected to see John Wick standing before him. He was instead shocked to see Cassian standing before him, gun in hand. \"I didn't expect to see you here, Cassian.\" Santino said. \"You know why I'm here.\" Cassian said. \"I thought... to kill John Wick.\" \"Wick killed your sister, my ward, Gianna, because of a marker. Held by you.\" he explained. \"Oh. So... you're here to avenge her?\" Santino asked. \"I would have settled for Wick, but I heard he just offed himself.\" Cassian stated. \"Yes. Rather pathetic, if you ask me.\" he said as he looked at the dark-skinned man. \"I don't suppose you'd be interested in a job?\" \"For you?\" Cassian asked, his face straight as ever. \"I have my sisters seat in Camorra. What is hers, is now mine. So... technically, you already work for me.\" Santino said with a smug smile. \"True. However, there's one little problem with that.\" Cassian said in a low tone. \"And that is?\" the Italian crime boss asked. \"I don't like you.\" BANG! Santino gasped as the bullet hit him in the chest. BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! Santino's breath caught him in his throat, as blood filled his lungs. He fell to his knees and just stared up at Cassian, right before he fell forward and face-planted into the street. Winston looked indifferently at Cassian, but there was a twinkle in his eye as he did. \"I thank you for not conducting your business on Continental grounds.\" Winston said to the former bodyguard. \"This was more on your doorstep.\" Cassian said as he walked over to Winston. \"Which technically ends at the sidewalk.\" Winston said. Cassian shrugged his shoulders. Seems that it didn't make much difference to him. Now, anyway. \"Camorra will come for you now.\" Winston said as Cassian stood before him. \"Good. I could use the rest.\" he said as he put his hand into his pocket. He handed Winston a gold coin and turned to walk away, leaving the Continental owner to sigh. He looked at the body lying in front of the Continental, and was relieved to see Charlie and his boys pulling up in their van. The older, and somewhat shorter, man stepped out of the van and looked at the owner of the Continental. \"I was told there was a dinner reservation here at the Continental?\" Charlie asked. \"Yes. Two, in fact.\" Winston said as he handed man the coin that Cassian left him, and motioned towards the body in the street. \"Of course.\" Charlie said as he and his boys went to work. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Authors Notes: Hope everyone enjoyed this alternate take on this story. I've got more ideas. One of which, involves John surviving and killing Santino himself. Please read and review.[Chapter 3] CLICK by Gunman Disclaimer: I do not own John Wick or its characters. Summary: Another alternate telling of John Wick Chapter 2. This time, John gets his revenge. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Chapter 3 Wick Rising John Wick stared hard at the Italian man as he sat in the lounge of the Continental. John was bloodied, bruised, haggard and limping just a little. Gun in hand, he stared down the man who had used him and then betrayed him. \"Duck fat. Makes all the difference.\" Santino D'Antonio said as he sat at the private table. \"Jonathan...\" Winston, the manager and owner of the Continental said to Wick. \"Have you seen the menu here? Lot of options.\" Santino said, somewhat smugly. \"Jonathan, listen to me...\" Winston said again, trying to get John's attention. \"A man can stay here a long time and never eat the same meal twice.\" Santino said. \"Jonathan, just walk away.\" Winston said, more urgency in his voice. \"Yeah, Jonathan. Walk a...\" John slid the chamber back on the gun, the bullet ejecting without incident. He quickly turned the gun on Santino and pulled the trigger. CLICK. The few people in the lounge, including Winston and Santino, let out a breath. \"Do you know the last thing your sister said to me? She asked me... if I believed in damnation. You know what I said? I said 'yes'. Because I know, the second I die, I'll never see my beloved Helen again. I have no illusions about that.\" John said as he turned around, his gun lowered and walked over to the bar. He set his gun down on the bar and took several deep breaths to calm himself. The bartender looked at John, as if waiting for him to make his order. \"Bourbon. Neat.\" John said as he barely kept himself standing still, his rage boiling over in his body. Winston just looked at John as he stood beside him. He could see John's hands shaking. \"I have to admit, Jonathan, I actually thought you would shoot him. Here.\" Winston stated. \"I still want to.\" John said as the bartender brought him his drink. \"You know, of course, the repercussions of such an action.\" Winston said. \"I do.\" he said as he guzzled down his drink. John then placed two gold coins down on the bar. \"What's that for?\" Winston asked. \"Dinner reservation.\" he said. At hearing those words, Winston tensed up, thinking that John was going to kill Santino anyway. \"John, you know better.\" Winston warned as the bartender refilled his drink. \"But I also know that I have no other way out.\" he replied. Winston looked at John, slightly puzzled. \"They'll never stop hunting me. Santino will never call off the price on my head. And I can't touch him without bringing hell down upon myself.\" John said as he downed his drink again. \"I'll be hunted no matter where I go.\" Winston kept silent. \"Tell Charon to take care of my dog.\" John said as he slid the bullet back into the chamber of his gun. \"John...\" Winston said, getting nervous now. \"And tell Aurelio, he can have my car.\" John added as he gripped the handle. Winston was not liking where this was going. \"Jonathan... don't.\" Winston said, now realizing what was about to happen. He'd hoped he was wrong, but now... \"I'll never be free, Winston. Even in a nice refuge like this.\" he said as he looked up at the ceiling. \"There are other ways of handling this.\" Winston said. \"To live, when others want you dead, is in itself, a great victory.\" \"I tried to live. I tried to quit. I tried to be happy. But now... after everything that's already happened... I'm tired. I'm just so tired.\" \"Then take a rest, Jonathan.\" he suggested, meaning something else entirely. \"An eternal rest.\" John spoke softly. \"Don't do this.\" he said, knowing full well that a man of Focus, even in his waning moments, could not be swayed. \"I'm sorry about the carpet, Winston.\" \"Jonathan...\" The gun slid neatly underneath his chin, his eyes closed as he muttered three words. \"Helen... forgive me.\" he said, right before he pulled the trigger. BANG! His body fell to the ground, the gun still clutched tightly in his hand as the blood stained the fine, and recently cleaned, carpet. Winston said nothing, and motioned for Santino to say nothing either. He was not in the mood. Winston hoped, he truly hoped, that John Wick, in some way, found peace. He knew it was a fools hope, considering Johns life, but maybe, just maybe, a merciful god would grant this poor man something. Santino said nothing as he walked out of the hotel, a satisfied, and smug, smile on his face. He was outside the Continental Hotel of New York, right on the street, and was about to hail a taxi to take him back to his own private residence, when he heard the unmistakable sound of guns hammer being cocked back. CLICK! Santino turned around and half-expected to see John Wick standing before him. He was not disappointed. \"Well, well, well. It seems that even the Boogeyman... cannot die.\" Santino said, staring at the bleeding and disheveled John Wick standing between him, and the Continental. \"I'm half-way there.\" John said, gasping heavily, his jaw bleeding heavily as he struggled to hold his gun up. Santino looked at the heavily bleeding man. John was already banged up from his fight against his own men, and the numerous assassins that had already tried to take him out. That last gunshot had torn through his flesh and nicked quite a bit of muscle, if his bleeding out was any indication. Maybe the bullet was still in his head, and John was just too stubborn to die. Maybe it was something else. An Act of God, perhaps? The possibility that his dead sister was exacting her revenge from beyond the grave, by preventing John from dying, never entered his head. Santino didn't care about particulars, nor was he a believer, because right now he was staring down the barrel of a gun, aimed at his own head, held by a man of sheer will, commitment, and focus. However, that focus was starting to wane. Santino might have a chance. \"You know... it's not very sporting to shoot a man... while he is unarmed.\" Santino said. \"You must be truly desperate if you're trying that shit with me.\" John said, his face looking like he was about to growl. His eyes were starting to droop, his vision obviously getting blurry. Santino reached for the knife in his back pocket. \"This ends... now.\" John said. \"Yes, John... I'm afraid it does.\" Santino said. Santino gripped the handle of his knife and with a quick flip of his wrist, pulled the blade from his back pocket and hurled it at John. John was a second too slow, the loss of blood and fatigue getting to him. He side-stepped to the right, allowing the knife to embed itself into his left shoulder. His hand clenched the gun in his hand, his finger summoning up all the strength he had left, and pulled the trigger. BANG! The bullet flew from the chamber and within a second of exiting the barrel, had neatly lodged itself into the chest, and heart, of Santino D'Antonio. Two bodies hit the ground, but only one still had life in it. John didn't even notice four men rushing around him as he kept looking at the unmoving form of the Italian mob boss. \"Jonathan? Are you... alright?\" Winston asked, his voice like a faint echo in John's ears. \"Jonathan?!\" \"Been... better.\" John said weakly. \"Yes, I'm sure.\" he said as he looked at the now deceased Santino. \"Well, I thank you for killing Santino outside of Continental grounds, but... did you have to go through such extreme methods to get him out here?\" he asked the assassin. \"Would he have believed anything else?\" John groaned as he tried to sit up. Winston could only nod at that. \"Get Mr. Wick inside, and call the doctor. I'll handle the... dinner arrangements.\" Winston said to his men as he pulled out his phone. \"Yes, sir.\" one of his men said as two of them hauled John up and escorted him back inside. Winston had to admire the scene before him. He had warned Santino not to pursue this action. John had warned him. But he just didn't listen, and now look where it had gotten him. This whole incident would only add to Johns already staggering reputation. Especially the part where he shot himself in the head. He hoped that the Cleaning Service arrived soon. Santino was a rather unsightly image in front of the Continental. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Authors Notes : Well, here's my 'John Wick gets his revenge' chapter. Last one had Cassian killing Santino. Hope everyone likes it. I could say something about this, maybe something about the supernatural occurrences and possibility that ghosts and higher powers were at play here. Mostly that John survived the bullet to his own brain, and that he is tougher than most, which is true, or I could say that John was lucky and missed, or that it was all part of his plan, which is more truthful than most. I could, but I digress. Any ideas, of course, are welcome. Please, read and review.[Chapter 4] CLICK by Gunman Disclaimer: I do not own John Wick or its characters. Summary: After killing Santino, John meets with the new leader of Camorra. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Chapter 4 Camorra It had been two days since John Wick had killed Santino D'Antonio outside The New York Continental. Two days since he had survived nearly a dozen assassination attempts, and killed nearly a hundred men working for both Gianna and Santino over the last week. Both in Rome and New York. He had fought long and hard, and in the end he succeeded. He added to his reputation even more, and was now in hiding. Even if The Continental was a very nice hiding place, it was still a hiding place. Santino had put a contract out on John, and John had effectively killed Santino, so... Camorra would be very upset at hearing that. They probably knew already. The Doctor had examined, cleaned up, and even stitched up John, trying to make sure that his self-inflicted injury, which was the only way he could kill Santino by getting him off of the Continental grounds, was nothing too noticeable. But John didn't really care, and was still plagued with uncertainty. He had killed Gianna D'Antonio, head of the Camorra branch of the High Table, someone he considered a friend. He had killed Santino D'Antonio, who had not only put a bounty on John's head for killing his own sister, but was the one who sent John to kill his sister in the first place. He owed him a marker, anyway. Now, Camorra would not let that stand. They would most likely honor the contract Santino had put on Wick for his sister, but would also want revenge for what he did to both of them. He wondered what they would do, if they found out that it was Santino who sent him to kill Gianna? Regardless, here he was, lying in his bed in the Continental, with his dog laying on the foot of his bed. He still hadn't named him. Winston was accommodating to John in many ways, but would he risk war with Camorra over him? He would like to think that even The High Table would honor the neutrality of The Continental, but he couldn't use other people like that to save his own skin. No. As soon as he was able, he would leave The Continental. And face his own problems. As he had in the past. That was one of the things Winston and the others like about John. He didn't use other people just so he could get the job done. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX The doors to The Continental opened up and a finely dressed man entered with his entourage. Four looked like bodyguards, wearing sunglasses and carrying luggage, one looked like a personal aide, wearing a business suit and glasses and carrying her own luggage, and another looked like a 'traveling companion' of sorts. The group approached the concierge, where Charon was standing ever vigilant at his post. \"Welcome to the Continental. How may I help you?\" Charon said. \"I'm looking for a man. John Wick.\" the middle-aged man in the fine pinstripe suit said. \"Is he in?\" Charon straightened up more than he was. \"Mr. Wick is currently indisposed.\" \"I see. Is the management in?\" the man asked. \"The management is always in.\" Charon said. \"Would you please tell him that I wish to speak with him?\" he asked. \"Of course.\" Charon said as he picked up the phone and pressed the button. \"Sir? There is a Mr. Matteo here to see you.\" Winston was quick to come into the main foyer of the Continental to personally greet the current high-ranking member of Camorra. As quick as a casual walk was for him. He saw no reason to be any later than his usual self permitted. \"Mr. Matteo.\" Winston said, shaking the mans hand. \"Winston. It has been a while.\" Matteo replied, a firm grip on the managers hand. \"It surely has. Long trip? If so, come, let me offer you a drink.\" Winston said. \"Thank you.\" Matteo said with a small bow. Winston lead Matteo and his personal aide into his private office, where he poured a drink for the man. Matteo's guards waited outside along with his lovely traveling companion. \"Something for you, my dear?\" Winston asked the aide. \"Just water, thank you.\" the young woman in the business suit, glasses and hair tied in a bun said. Winston did his best to be a good host, and so accommodated his guests. \"So, tell me... what brings Camorra's highest seat here to my domain? Or do I even need to ask?\" Winston asked as he sat across from Mr. Matteo. \"I was hoping to speak with Mr. Wick, concerning the matter of Gianna and Santino D'Antonio.\" Matteo said. \"I'm afraid Mr. Wick is currently indisposed. It's been a rather... busy week for him.\" Winston said. \"Yes, I know. Three days ago he killed Santino D'Antonio, outside of Continental grounds. Two days before that, he killed his sister, Gianna, in her private room in Rome. Now... I have heard several rumors regarding Mr. Wick, and I merely wish to confirm them.\" Matteo said. \"Oh? And what rumors are those?\" Winston asked playfully. \"That he killed nearly three dozen of Gianna's guards, as well as nearly forty of Santino's own men. Not to mention several other people in New York who tried to claim the bounty on his head.\" Matteo said. \"As you say, a busy week.\" Winston said. \"There are questions that I wish to ask Mr. Wick personally. You understand.\" he said. \"I do. My concern is that you may or may not like the answer.\" Matteo said nothing for several minutes as he smiled at the other man. \"I have no interest in going to war over a simple meeting, Winston.\" Matteo said. \"You have gone to war in the past, for much less.\" Winston argued. \"True. Much to my own... inconvenience.\" he agreed. Winston said nothing as he let Matteo finish his drink. \"You have my word, Winston, I honor the neutrality of the Continental.\" Matteo said. \"That is good to know.\" Winston said. \"I will speak with Jonathan, on your behalf, regarding this meeting you wish to have. When he is ready to talk. But that is up to him.\" \"I have nothing but time, Winston. Until then, I take it the hospitality of the Continental is still available to us?\" \"Always.\" Winston said. Matteo turned to his assistant. \"Make the arrangements, will you?\" \"Yes, sir.\" the woman said. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX It was two days later, and John was feeling better. Mostly in body. His mind and soul, however, were still in a state of turmoil. John had been informed of his guests from Camorra. He could only guess at what they wanted. Though, a more pragmatic man would instantly know why. He looked over to his side table and saw his phone. It was a gift from Julius from the Continental of Rome. His phone had been destroyed, but the memory chip inside it was still functioning. Julius had been nice enough to get him a new phone. It was more than he deserved, really. John dressed himself to be as presentable as possible. He knew this meeting was inevitable. \"Stay, boy.\" he said to his dog as he headed out of his room. John headed down to the meeting room that Winston had arranged for his face-to-face with the new leader of Camorra. Which is something that John found a little odd. A member of the High Table, waiting until he was ready to meet with them. Something like that was completely unheard of. Then again, it was The Continental, and certain 'protocols' had to be followed. Even the High Table respected that. And then of course, there was John's reputation to consider. John walked to the meeting room as best he could. He was feeling much better than he had been a week ago. He stopped at the meet room, where two men in suits were standing guard. \"I'm here to see Mr. Matteo.\" John said to them. The men nodded and opened the doors, allowing John to enter. When he got inside, he saw that the setting was much more comfortable than expected. A long and low wooden and glass table in between two plush couches. At the head of the table was a single seat chair, which John suspected was for Winston as both host and informal third party. John quickly noted that Winston, Mr. Matteo, his secretary, and one of Winstons aides were there as well. \"Jonathan. Thank you for coming.\" Winston said. \"This meeting was inevitable.\" John said. \"Oh course. Please, sit.\" Winston said as his aide brought John a glass of bourbon. Mr. Matteo sat down across from John, with his aide next to him, her laptop out and on her knees. Winston sat in the single chair at the head of the table. \"Mr. Wick. I thank you for meeting with me.\" Matteo said to him. \"I apologize if I kept you waiting.\" John said to him. \"You have had a busy week.\" Matteo said. \"Quite understandable really.\" John said nothing, giving the man his undivided attention. \"I'll get right to the point, Mr. Wick. About a week and a half ago, you killed Gianna D'Antonio. Two days later, you killed her brother, Santino. Now... I have heard numerous rumors as to why, considering you were said to be retired. But I also want to hear... the why, from you. Please, entertain me.\" John took a calming breath before telling him. \"About five years back, I gave Santino a marker, a favor in blood to be paid back, because he helped me out with a special job. A job that I needed to do in order to be retired.\" John explained. \"Mmm-hmm.\" Matteo nodded. \"Then one day he came back, and presented me with a job he wanted me to do. I refused. So he burnt down my house. It was after that, I reluctantly took the job he wanted of me.\" John said. \"To kill his sister.\" Matteo said. \"Yes. I did the job, reluctantly, and right after that, Santino tried to make it look like he was the good brother, and put a contact out on me.\" \"For seven million.\" Matteo mused. \"A good price for you, Mr. Wick.\" \"Thank you. I had to go through a lot of people to get to here. Santino, however, chose to hide out here at the Continental like a coward. And in order to get him, I had to commit an extraordinary act, to get Santino off the grounds in order to end him myself.\" \"Yes. You shot yourself. Is that right?\" he asked. \"In the head.\" John said. \"That must have been painful.\" Matteo said with a small smile. \"Made me pass out.\" Matteo nodded in understanding. \"That confirms everything we were told.\" the female aide said to Matteo, who nodded to her. \"Where did you hear all this?\" John asked. \"Cassian.\" Matteo said simply. \"Though he was not the only one.\" he said, remembering how his men had found Ares in the museum on the verge of death. \"I see.\" John nodded. \"How is he?\" \"He was able to get that knife in his chest removed, without much blood loss.\" he said. \"Good to know.\" \"He was the one who told us about the Marker than you gave Santino. It is understandable that he would be upset, but as it stands, it also means that Santino was responsible for Gianna's death. And since you took care of that...\" \"The High Table isn't concerned about me? About... retaliation?\" John asked. \"Yours, or theirs?\" Matteo asked. John said nothing. \"Mr. Wick, let me be clear. There are some members of The High Table who would like nothing more than to... eliminate you, for the loss of one of their own. They don't like it that one of The High Table could be so easily dispatched. It makes them look weak. There are some, though, that wish to make you an offer to work for them. Given your skills, and reputation. However, I am aware that you wish to be retired. Is that right?\" \"It is.\" he replied. \"Had Cassian not brought to us the details of Gianna's death, we would be more than willing to go to war with you. However, seeing as how you have eliminated the one responsible for her death, and given what has happened both in Rome and New York this past week... I see little reason to continue any sort of vendetta against you.\" he said to John. \"Mostly because it is a waste of manpower.\" John kept a straight face, even though Winston was smiling. \"As a gesture of good faith, I have already taken steps to make the bounty on your head disappear, Mr. Wick.\" he said. John looked over to Winston, his aide talking to someone on her phone. The aide then whispered something to Winston, who looked back to John and nodded. \"I appreciate that.\" John said. \"I have also arranged for your house to be repaired. It should be ready in two weeks.\" Matteo added. \"Thank you, but... may I ask... why?\" John asked the man. \"You don't owe me anything, and if nothing else I have... inconvenienced you. Heavily.\" \"You have inconvenienced The High Table, Mr. Wick, not me. I can understand a blood debt to be repaid. I had one myself. Once. And as for your house being rebuilt, call it a payoff. A means of insuring that you... stay retired.\" he said to John. John simply took to nod at what he meant. He was giving John something to ensure that he would not return to 'inconvenience' the High Table or Camorra again. \"I represent all of Camorra in this, Mr. Wick. I am well aware of your reputation, and I see no reason to bring... The Boogyman... down upon us.\" Matteo turned to his assistant. \"We'll be leaving tomorrow. Make the arrangements.\" he said to her. \"Yes, sir.\" she said to him as he stood up. \"I will deal with Camorra and make sure they leave you alone, Mr. Wick. I will also encourage The High Table not to pursue this matter. So long as you stay retired.\" Matteo and his assistant walked out of the room, with Winstons aide escorting them out to help with their departure for tomorrow, leaving John and Winston to themselves. \"He's being unusually generous to me.\" John said. \"Not really.\" Winston said. \"He leads Camorra now. With Gianna and Santino dead, Matteo will absorb everything they had into his own circle. You've actually done him a service.\" \"That's why he's paying me off.\" John understood. \"Yes. Now, until your house has been rebuilt, feel free to stay here. And may I suggest something for dinner. You're looking thin.\" Winston smirked. John didn't laugh, but smirked at the joke. He hadn't had anything much to eat in his recovery. And only Bourbon to quell the pain. \"Yeah. That sounds good.\" John agreed. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Authors Notes: Just a little something to tie up the last chapter, where John killed Santino. Not sure where else to go with this, but I've got some other ideas for more John Wick-related stories. ","Summary":" CLICK by Gunman Disclaimer: I do not own John Wick or their characters. Summary: John makes a diffe"},{"Movie":"Hook","Title":"I Gotta Go My Own Way","Author":"MidnightRaven323","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8818397","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I just quite recently watched Hook again for the first time in god knows how long. It was all thanks to me scrolling around Youtube for a full length movie to watch and stumbled across Hook :)I honestly don't remember Rufio since I watched it so long ago but Dante Basco was super cute back then. Plus he's Filo,like me :P Summary:Lailani is the adopted 15 year old daughter of Peter and Moira Banning. She though that this would be an ordinary trip to visit Granny Wendy but it all turned to disaster once Maggie and Jack were kidnapped by Captain James Hook. Joining her 'Father' to rescue her 'siblings',she never thought that she would catch the eye of a certain Lost Boys leader...Rufio/OC. Disclaimer: I do not own any recognizable characters,they belong to their respective owners. I only own Lailani and a few twists :) Lailani is based largely on myself save for her name and age(I'm three years younger currently) Follows main story and starts on the plane. I Gotta Go My Own Way 'We might find a place in this world someday But at least for now, I gotta go my own away I gotta go my own way I gotta go my own way' \"Hello everyone this is your Captain speaking,sit back, relax and enjoy the remainder of the flight\" The Captain's voice called over the intercom of the plane. Peter Banning clutched the hand-rests of his seat,terrified of the great height they were flying. He was like that until his youngest daughter clambered to his seat and held a drawing pad up to his face. \"Look what Jack drew!\" Maggie said excitedly,showing him a drawing of a plane. \"T-that's very nice dear,what's that?\" he asked curiously,pointing to some bright colours on the page. \"Fire\" Maggie replied. \"Fire?Really?\" Peter asked incredulously,\"Is that our plane?\" \"Yep,mhm!\" \"Who are all these people?\" Peter asked,seeing stick figures and parachutes. \"That's Jack,that's me,that's mommy,that's Lani and that's you!\" the girl said enthusiastically,pointing to four people with parachutes and the last person without a parachute and falling down. \"Where's my parachute?\" A cough interrupted him from the seat in front of him,coming from his wife,Moira,\"You're not going to die without a phone and fax machine\" \"I'm half way there,I've got the phone in the briefcase\" Peter replied. \"Talk to him\" Moira said firmly,jerking her head slightly to their son,who was still brooding about his Peter missing his last game of the season. Peter consented and moved to the seats in front of Moira,\"Lani,switch with me\" he asked his oldest -adopted- daughter. The South-East Asian girl raised an eyebrow,pulling herself from her fantasy novel perched on her lap,\"You better choose your words carefully,you know he's really upset\" Peter shook his head and dismissed the comment,\"Aren't you too old for Fairytales?\" he asked,nudging the book Lailani was reading. \"Whatever,I'm only fifteen\" she rolled her eyes and went to sit beside Maggie. The oldest Banning child buried herself back into the story she was reading. It was 'Peter Pan'. She remembered the first time Granny Wendy had read it to her. The kind woman had taken her into her orphanage after both her parents were killed on their vacation to London from the Philippines. She had sat beside Wendy as she read from the wonderfully illustrated book. Lani had always been drawn to fantasy and supernatural things. It was something unexplainable. She remembered the last time she'd been in London. It was during the Bannings' latest visit to Granny Wendy that she had been adopted into their family. She was five at the time and since then,ten years had past. She sighed as Jack caused another commotion,this was gonna be a long flight. \"It's been a long time...\" Peter said wistfully as the family arrived in front of Granny Wendy's house. \"London's a magical place for children\" Moira said a bit giddy and breathlessly,\"Jack,Lani,Maggie\" she ushered them to the front door,\"Peter!It's number Fourteen!\" \"Oops,sorry,sorry\" Peter apologized,moving to the right door. \"Okay\" Moira breathed,\"Now what do you say to Grandma Wendy?You say 'how do you do?'\" \"Is Granny Wendy the real, real Wendy from my play?\" Maggie inquired. \"Definitely\" Lani nodded,taking in the familiar sight of the house surrounded by snow and Christmas lights. \"No honey,not really\" Peter said otherwise. \"Sort of\" Moira clarified. \"Jackie,take that gum out of your mouth\" he said,giving out orders,\"Remember dears,first impressions are the most important,smile,shirt tucked. Lani,please try to act like a lady for once\" Jack snorted,\"Lani?A Lady ?If I remember right,mom had to force her to wear a dress!\" \"Shut up Pipsqueak!\" Lani growled. \"Enough!\" Peter scolded and used the door-knocker to knock three times,\"Remember,your in England,land of good-manners\" Lani and Jack laughed to themselves quietly and the elder girl quickly whispered something,\"Oi Jack,bet you twenty bucks that I can act like a good girl just like what Father dearest wants\" she smirked. \"Done!\" Jack whispered back as the two shook hands. \"Just then,the door opened and a familiar man opened it. \"Uncle Toodles!\" Peter and Lailani said in unision. \"It's snowing!\" the man exclaimed,slamming the door in their faces. Jack laughed,but suddenly began to choke on his gum,to which Lani hastily patted his back with hard hits. A scream suddenly sounded,causing them to jump slightly as a red-headed woman smiled happily at them and began to chatter happily about 'adorable children'. \"It's good to see you Libby...Linda...Li-li-Lisa!\" Peter stammered,forgetting the woman's name. \"Liza dear!\" Liza corrected. Liza enthusiastically pulled them inside with much yelling and happy screaming,\"Look at this!Such a big boy you are now Jack!And oh!This must be Maggie!Oh how sweet!\" \"Hey,Liza,remember me?\" Lani asked shyly. Liza looked at her for a moment before screaming and throwing her arms around the flustered girl,\"Oh Lailani dear!You look beautiful!Come come,Granny Wendy will be with you in just a moment\" Liza said,leading them into the living room where a large and festive Christmas tree was surrounded by dozens of presents. Maggie,Jack and Lani explored the presents smiling at the festive and happy aura the house possessed. \"It's been so long between visits\" Peter said as he and Moira stood before Wendy. \"It's been ten years between visits!\" Wendy replied,hugging him. She then turned her attention to her granddaughter,\"Oh Moira,Moira...\" the elderly woman said,tears of happiness appearing in her eyes as she released her,\"Pray tell,where is my little Lani?\" \"Right here Lola \" Lailani said smiling,appearing in the door way before running up to Wendy and hugging the old woman fiercely. (A/N Lola=grandma,grandmother etc in Tagalog(Filipino)) \"Ah my child...you're a big girl now\" Wendy sighed. Maggie and Jack came up to Wendy next and Lani laughed at what Jack said. \"I'm suppose to tell you about...\"he shook his head,\"Congratulations for opening the...orphan hospital and how...great a dedication it is\" he said uncertainly,\"And yeah...\" \"Thank you very much\" Wendy said quietly before addressing the whole family,\"Now,I insist that there is one rule that must be obeyed while you're in my house\" she paused for effect,\"No growing up. Stop,this very instant. And that includes you Mr Chairman-of-the Board Banning\" she shot a pointed look at Peter. \"Sorry,too late Gran\" Peter apologized. \"And what is so terribly important about your terribly important business?\" Wendy asked curiously. Jack to it upon himself to explain and stepped up,\"Well,you see...when a big company is in trouble,Dad sails in and if there's ANY resistance -Dad!\" \"Well,he's exaggerating\" Peter said,pulling Jack back and explaining what he really did -with Jack adding in \"Any resistance!\" every now and then. \"Any resistance!And he BLOWS them out of the water!\" Jack finished. Wendy looked at Peter with a strange look on his face\"Fool...Peter you've become a Pirate...\" The next night,Moira's call echoed through the house,\"Peter!Brad's on the phone he says it's urgent!\" Peter sighed and began talking to the phone in the living room where Moira was sitting in a chair and Lailani was curled up on the couch with headphones on listening to music. That was how it was when the two youngest children burst in and began to shout and run around. Peter became increasingly frustrated as Maggie clambered onto him,making it harder for him to hear what was on the phone. \"Sit down\" Moira pleaded,shushing them. However,the two began to play around Peter and soon the businessman was well past boiling point. \"Will everybody just SHUT UP!\" Peter shouted. \"I'm sorry\" Jack apologized hastily. \"And will you leave me alone for ONE MOMENT?! Lani get them out of here will you?I'm on the phone call of my life!\" Moira and Wendy shut their eyes in dismay. Lani quickly took off her headphones and ushered her younger siblings outside with Granny Wendy while Moira scolded Peter. \"Come on guys,out\" Lani said,pushing them into the hallway with Wendy,\" Lola ,if you don't mind I'll just take a walk outside if that's alright with you\" she said quietly. \"Are you sure you'll be alright,it's quite late\" Wendy said. Lailani nodded,\"It's fine,I take Fencing lessons as well as gymnastics and basketball,I'm sure I'll be fine\" Wendy nodded her approval and turned to the two younger children,\"Come with me,I'll show you the window where your Father and I use to stare out and look at the stars...\" she said soothingly. Meanwhile,Moira scolded Peter. \"How many more broken promises Peter?\" Moira asked,placing her hands on her hips. \"I'm sorry...\" Peter said quietly as the cellphone began to ring again,\"It's Brad Moira,I gotta take this call...I gotta fix this\" \"No,you've got to fix your family first\" Moira sighed exasperatedly. Peter uncertainly began to answer the call but to his surprise,Moira snatched it out of his hand and threw it out the window where it lay in the snow. He looked at her disbelievingly and moved back to the window,a smile of disbelief on his face. \"Your children love you,they want to play with you\" Moira said quietly,\"How long do you think that lasts?Lailani is only one year away from being sixteen and considered 'grown up'. Despite not being blood-related we have raised the girl as our own. Soon Jack may not even want you to come to his games,sooner or later Maggie won't careless if you turn up to her plays or not and when was the last time you showed up at one of Lani's Fencing tournaments?\" Peter remained silent. Moira was right. Lailani walked out sometime later,clad in a thick black and green hoodie to ward off the snow as well as camouflage-print cargo pants and black sneakers. \"A few hours outside will do me good...hopefully Maggie and Jack will be alright after Lola,Mom and Dad leave...\" Little did she know that it was because of that decision did she escape the fate that awaited her two younger siblings... First chapter done,I'm typing up the second chapter after I post this one :P Please REVIEW,FOLLOW,or FAVORITE so I know I'm not just writing for myself and wasting my time. Hope ya liked it so far! -MidnightRaven323[Chapter 2] Summary:Lailani is the adopted 15 year old daughter of Peter and Moira Banning. She though that this would be an ordinary trip to visit Granny Wendy but it all turned to disaster once Maggie and Jack were kidnapped by Captain James Hook. Joining her 'Father' to rescue her 'siblings',she never thought that she would catch the eye of a certain Lost Boys leader...Rufio/OC. I Gotta Go My Own Way 'We might find a place in this world someday But at least for now, I gotta go my own way I gotta go my own way I gotta go my own way' As soon as she saw broken windows in Granny's picture-perfect house,Lailani instantly knew something was wrong. \"Damnit\" she growled and raced through the front door. She came to a complete halt when she saw the mess inside and the damage on the walls. her brow furrowed as she narrowed her dark brown eyes at the marks on the wall. Stepping forward cautiously she took note that the family had already returned due to the scuffling noises and cries she could hear. Running her fingers gingerly across one of the gashes on the wall,she knew just by the look and feel of it that the marks were made by blades. \"Sword...sharp but cracked in places...some with a curved blade...\" Lani muttered under her breath,\"Mom!Dad!Granny!Maggie!Jack!\" she shouted,running up the stairs to the childrens' room. She found her foster mother and father as well as a disheveled Liza upstairs. \"Where's Jack and Maggie?!\" she asked distressed,trying to find any other clues. She then saw Wendy staring wide-eyes and horrified at the door. \"Peter!\" she called. Peter raced over,as did Lailani to see what was going on. They inspected thee door and saw a piece of parchment that was stuck onto the door by the blade stabbed through it. \"Dear Peter,your presence is required by the request of your children...\" Peter read quietly out loud,\" Kindest personal regards, Jas. Hook,Captain\" Tootles suddenly appeared,also tracing the slash marks on the doors before turning seriously to Peter,\"Have to fly. Have to fight. Have to crow. Have to save Maggie,have to save Jack...Hook is back\" he said the last part quietly. \"...\" Peter could say nothing for a while,\"Who?\" he asked stupidly. \"Hook...\" Lani breathed out,\"Captain James Hook...\" she instantly thought back to all the stories she had read. Hook was real?Had he taken Jack and Maggie? \"Gran?\" Moira suddenly asked worriedly. Wendy seemed to feel faint and almost collapsed had her granddaughter not caught her. Later that night,Peter and Lailani stood at Wendy's bedside,while Moira layed herself down on the bed beside her grandmother. The remaining family were talking about the misfortune that had befallen them so close to Christmas. \"Th-there's nothing else we can do. The Police are doing every-\" \"The Police can do nothing\" Wendy interrupted Peter's rant. \"Really?\" Peter asked,\"Well maybe we can call the American Police\" \"During disastrous events like this,I find it helpful to brew a cup of tea,Moira would you?\" Moira nodded to her Wendy before doing as she was asked. Anything that would help smooth over and ease their minds was welcomed,\"Yes Gran\" \"Don't forget to warm the pot\" Wendy reminded. \"I'll go Moira\" Peter offered,getting up. \"Peter\" Wendy said firmly,\"You stay,as do you Lailani\" she said to the girl who had also gotten up,\"You might have a part to play as well. Peter,hand me my book,please\" she asked. Peter carefully picked up the thick,leather-bound book on the bedside table and handed it to Wendy as he and his adopted daughter sat themselves down again. \"It's time to tell you at last\" she said mysteriously to Peter. \"Tell me what?\" Peter asked. \"Just how far back do you remember?\" Wendy inquired. Lailani zoned out a bit,lost in her own thoughts as she saw Wendy's book. She vaguely heard Peter saying that he could only remember as far back to when he was twelve,nearly thirteen. After awhile,Wendy seemed to be exasperated and sad at Peter's lack of memory,\"When you saw her,Moira,that was when you decided not to go back to Neverland\" Lani's interest perked up immediately. \"Where?\" Peter asked. \"Never Never Land\" Peter's eyes widened,\"MOIRA!\" he shouted,afraid that Wendy had gone senile,\"Gran,I'm going to get Moira,Lani,stay here and look after your Gran\" he said,about to get up. \"Peter I tried to tell you so many times!\" Wendy shouted. \"I think that cup of tea is ready now\" Peter said. \"I knew you had forgotten!\" Wendy sighed\"Now I must. Peter\" she said,interrupting Peter's mumbling. \"What?\" he asked. \"The. Stories. Are. True\" Wendy revealed,patting the thick book on her lap,\"I swear to you! I swear to you on everything I hold dear! And now he's come back to seek his revenge. The fight isn't over for Captain James Hook. He wants you back. He knows that you'll follow Jack and Maggie to the ends of the earth and beyond. And by heavens, you must find a way!\" she cried,\"Only you can save your children. Somehow, you must go back. You must make yourself remember\" Peter regarded her carefully,however,his mind was screaming that the old woman was defying logic,\"Remember what?\" Lani saw that her Lola was close to tears by now,\"Peter,don't you know who you are?\" she sighed. Wendy opened up the book on her lap and showed them an illustration of Peter Pan. Peter took a few steps forward,as did Lani to see the illustration better. \"Yes Boy\" Wendy said,\"Yes\" After that,Peter had stormed out of the room leaving a saddened Wendy and shocked Lailani in his wake. \" Lola ...are you sure that he's Peter Pan?\" Lani asked. Wendy sighed and handed her the book before leaning back against the pillows,\"Yes child,he is. Please tell me that you believe me\" Lani nodded,\"I do,I believe you about Never Land but Dad as Peter Pan?I find it hard to believe\" she sighed and stretched before preparing to leave. \"It's a lot to take in,I think I'll go sleep on it...\" she said,bidding Wendy goodnight and going up to the room that would be hers. She contemplated whether or not to bother changing into her sleep wear. Lani decided not to bother changing. Judging from how much she knows about Never Land from the stories she had read,as well as what Wendy revealed,she was sure something big was going to happen tonight. \"You awake?!Helloooo!Little pixie carrying a grown man over here!\" a snarky voice shouted. Lailani groaned and cursed herself for being a light sleeper,\"What the...?\" she asked groggily,rubbing sleep out of her eyes. A cold wind blew from the wide open window and caused the raven-haired girl to wake up fully. 'Hang on a sec...open window?' Lani thought confusedly. She was sure that she had closed it. \"Hellooo!\" the voice called again. Lani's head snapped to the window and her mouth fell open. There was a...a bright light?Carrying what looked like a person -her foster father to be exact- in a blanket. \"You're Lailani right?\" the bright light asked. \"Uh...yeah?\" Lani replied uncertainly. The light dimmed and revealed a tiny person with gossamer wings,\"The names Tinkerbell,nice to meet'cha\" the fairy said. Lani stared at Tink in amazement,\"Tinkerbell?As in, Never Land Tinkerbell?\" Tink smirked,\"The one and only!\" she said proudly,\"Now come closer\" Lani took a few steps toward the window. \"Closer...\" Tink ordered. Again the girl moved forward. \"A few more steps\" Tink urged,tapping her foot impatiently as the girl moved closer and closer to the window,\"Good!Now...\" Tink smiled and suddenly blew fairy dust into Lailani's face. \"Hey!\" Lani shouted,batting her hands around to clear the golden cloud of dust. Then,she visibly paled after noticing what the fairy had just done -and what was happening to her now. \"Happy thoughts!\" Tinkerbell urged,flapping her wings up and down in excitement. She already had Peter,now she just needed Lani. \"Tink,why am I floating four,five...feet off the ground!\" Lani fumed,trying to calm down. \"To help save Maggie and Jack of course!Come on!\" \"No,no no no!\" Lani panicked,finding herself exiting through the window,\"TINK!\" Tinkerbell laughed and followed after,carrying Peter as Lani began to get use to flying,\"Come on Lani!Second star to the right,and then straight on 'till morning!\" \"Right...\" \"Haha!Never Land,here we come!\" \"Wow...so this is Never Land?\" Lani asked in amazement,staring down at the large island below her. \"Yeah\" Tink confirmed,\"Okay listen up,I'm going to take Peter down to the Port where Hook is...\" she jerked her head below where a bustling port was running next to the serene sea,\"and as for you...I want you to go down over there,to that rock with the huge shell-swing thing\" Tink gestured to a tall rock with a large seashell and ropes made of...seaweed?\"Drop down over there,then wait\" Tink ordered. Lani nodded hesitantly,\"Okay...you're the boss right now so I'm trusting you...\" REVIEW!Next chapter will most likely have Rufio and the Lost Boys introduced next. -MidnightRaven323[Chapter 3] Summary:Lailani is the adopted 15 year old daughter of Peter and Moira Banning. She though that this would be an ordinary trip to visit Granny Wendy but it all turned to disaster once Maggie and Jack were kidnapped by Captain James Hook. Joining her 'Father' to rescue her 'siblings',she never thought that she would catch the eye of a certain Lost Boys leader...Rufio/OC. I Gotta Go My Own Way 'We might find a place in this world someday But at least for now, I gotta go my own way I gotta go my own way I gotta go my own way' \"What is this place?\" Lani asked herself,looking around the gnarled tree and rocks where Tink told her to wait. For some reason,the large shell that had been there before had sunk down to the ocean some time ago. A groan from nearby starled her,she was instantly on defensive mode until her Dad came rolling down the hill towards her. \"Dad are you okay?!\" she asked worriedly as Peter came to as stop to what seemed like stairs made of earth. \"Just peachy\" Peter replied,crawling up the stairs to where Lani was standing near the edge of the tall,rocky outcropping just off-shore to Never Land. \"Impressive view right?\" she asked,gesturing to the scenery. She was right,from their high vantage point they could see all of Never Land. From The Pirate Port and Hook's ship all the way across the island to the waterfalls and beaches. \"Amaz-ahhhh!\" Peter yelled,loosing his balance from the rock they were standing on. \"Dad!\" Lailani shouted as her father was lost from view. She sighed in disbelief before running after Peter. Before she knew it,she had followed her dad into some sort of Winter Wonderland complete with snow and penguins. \"Snow?On an island? \" She asked looking around,but then she saw the three other seasons,Spring,Summer and Autumn,\"I know exactly where we are...Dad?\" Her suspicions were confirmed when she turned around and saw Peter staring in awe at the structures built above them among the central trees' branches. There were ropes and wooden paths in the air,it was like a whole city in the huge trees. While she was busy taking in everything,she failed to notice that her father was now hanging upside down,apparently he triggered a trap. \"Help\" he wheezed,\"Heeelllppp!\"he shouted as he was pulled up into the higher branches of the tree. \"I'm coming!\" Lani shouted. And with the agility of someone who had been training for years -which she had- she leaped up into the branches,always staying below her father. With one last flip,she landed beside her still-upside down father who was still screaming HEEELLLPPPP! \"My gosh,Dad you're embarrassing me!\" Lailani hissed in an attempt to shut him up. \"Oh you're alive!\" Tink's voice shouted gleefully,coming out of the clock she lived in,\"Lost Boys!Lost Boys!Wake up!\" Tink shouted,zooming out of her apartment,cutting the vines that held him and caused him to crash back down. Lani sighed again before jumping straight through the hole her dad created and landed gracefully on her feet. How could she do that so easily?Let's just put it this way:Her gymnastics teacher is a Gold-medal Olympic Champion. From above them,she could hear Tink still shouting,\"PAN'S BACK!LOST BOYS LOST BOYS PAN'S BACK!\" everywhere she went,the little fairy woke up the Lost Boys,\"Wake up you sleepy heads!\" From all around,happy cries pf 'Pan's back!' revibrated throughout the whole hideout and the tree began bustling with activity. While the boys all woke up and followed Tink,Lailani began to fish around her pockets for that pocket knife she always kept on her. She was glad that she had chosen not to bother getting changed when she fell asleep 'cause was freely able to move in her cargo pants,black singlet,sneakers and fingerless gloves. (A/N See Cover Photo) \"Aha!\" Lani smirked triumphantly as she found her flip knife and raced to where Peter had fallen and found a circle of boys around him. One in particular,a large boy that she thought would be of African-American ethnicity was creeping forward to Peter. \"Who's the shrub?\" he asked suspiciously. Lani rolled her eyes as she pushed past them,\"That's no shrub,that's my father\" she sighed and kneeled beside Peter. The boys drew closer around them and pulled out their swords. \"Bangarang!\" they shouted before charging. Lani gave them a sharp look before flipping out her own knife,\"Don't even try it\" she threatened. The threat worked as she stopped them right in their tracks. Whispers of 'it's a girl' were heard among them. Lani smiled before turning her back on them and cutting Peter loose. The adult jumped up in surprise and clambered over to a rock and were met with confused expressions from the boys. \"Pan?\" they asked disbelievingly. \"That ain't Pan!\" A boy said. \"He's old!\" another added. \"He's fat!\" one more laughed. \"Not so fat to me!\" the large boy from earlier said. \"He's an old,fat,grandpa man!\" a little boy laughed. Suddenly,a loud horn went off and the boys began to smile,\"Rufio!\" they shouted and began to chant the name, \"Ru-Fi-ooooh!\" Without bothering to see what the commotion was all about,Lani scoffed,\"Cute,the little boys probably have a little leader to match\" she turned to her father and began to try and calm him down. She stopped when she saw her dad starring at something and followed his line of sight. Above them,a boy clad in red and black just jumped from like a mine cart,grabbed onto a vine in mid air before swinging back and forth. \"I take what I said back\" Lani said quietly. She took back what she said earlier,they had no means 'a little leader'. The boy was a teen about her age,maybe older. \"Oh that is so dangerous...\" Peter muttered as the boy executed a flip before landing on the ground in front of him. Up close,Lani could see that the boy had three red stripes in his hair and was mostly wearing black leather with some red here and there. All in all,not bad,not bad at all. The boy glared at Peter as if the adult had crossed over to their territory -which he had. It seemed that her father had had enough chanting and ruckus as he tried to calm them down. \"That's ENOUGH!\" Peter shouted. Instead of the reaction he had expected,he found himself with a sword pointed at him by the boy,'Rufio',\"Okay, mister. Alright, show's over now. You put that thing away! No, put it down before you poke somebody's eye out!\" Peter scolded. Rufio smiled. He couldn't believe this guy. He just shows up out of nowhere and starts giving them orders? He and the other boys laughed,making a strange gesture and mocking Peter as he continued to lecture them. \"You're not old enough to shave! What are you doing with a sword. I've been flying around - This is an insurance nightmare! What is this? Some sort of the \"Lord of the Flies\" pre-school?\" Peter asked incredulously,\" Where are your parents? Who's in charge here?\" He demanded. At those last few sentences,everyone stopped laughing and all the boys pointed at Rufio,who bowed slightly. \"No!\" Peter shook his head in disbelief,\"No, Mr. Skunkhead with too much mousse. You are just a punk kid. I want to speak to a grown-up!\" he shouted. Lailani shook her head at her father's stupidity. Was it too hard to believe that 'Rufio' was in fact the one in charge? \"All grown-ups are pirates!\" Rufio shouted at him. Peter scoffed,\"E-excuse me?\" \"We kill pirates\" Rufio said with a laugh. For a moment,everyone was dead silent. \"I'm not a pirate\" Peter said,walking back to the group,\"I am a Lawyer\" he announced with pride. He was not,however,expecting what came next. \"KILL THE LAWYER!\" Rufio shouted. \"I'm not that kind of Lawyer\" Peter defended,but it was too late and the lost boys were already chasing after him. While everyone was after Peter,they had forgotten about the girl with him. Lailani growled in anger,chasing after the group. Usually,she would stay out of fights. But only because Peter wouldn't let her,it was 'too dangerous'. 'Well guess again,Dad. You're seeing the three-time defending champion for Fencing ' Lani thought to herself as she continued to tail the group. \"Help!Help!Help me somebody!Lani,where are you when I need you?!\" Peter shouted as he was chased through tunnels by Rufio. \"Rufio you're the best with a sword!Please teach him,we gotta make him remember!\" Tink pleaded with the leader. Rufio merely flicked her off his shoulder in irritation. Peter was chased through out the whole hideout,through skateboard rinks and finally stopped at the basketball courts. \"Stop!Stop it!\" Tink pleaded with the boys. They payed her no heed however and continued to torment Peter,\"Lost Boys stop!Stop it!\" \"Are they always like this?\" Lani asked,startling the fairy as the girl appeared next to her. Lailani was in fact hanging upside down from one of the branches above the basketball court. Tink shook her head as the boys tried to get him to play basketball with them. Another cry of 'Ru-Fi-oooh!' sounded before they ceased the torment and made way for their leader. Rufio pulled out his golden sword and got ready to charge. \"This is my que\" Lani said,getting her knife out. Rufio suddenly charged and seemed to bring his sword down on Peter's head,he stopped last second and stepped closer,pointing his sword directly at Peter's face. \"You're dead...Jollyman\" he growled. However,he froze when he felt someone else's blade against his own throat. \"I wouldn't do that if I were you\" a voice whispered into Rufio's ear. He turned his head a fraction to see the girl from earlier was the one who had a knife at his throat. Their eyes met in a heated glare but Rufio reluctantly gave in and moved his sword away from Peter,after which Lani in turn put away her knife. After their exchange,the Lost Boys then had to hear out what Tink had to say. Look I told you Peter can't do those things,he can't even play simple games!\" Tink lectured,flitting up and down the line of boys,\"Hook has got his kids,and I've got three day\" she held up three tiny fingers,\"Three days to get him ready to fight. And I need everybody's help\" \"Peter Pan's got kids?\" Latchboy asked in disbelief. Later on,Rufio walked down the basketball court with his sword on the ground,drawing a line and cutting the court in half. \"Can't fly,fight,or crow\" he said spitefully,\" So...if any of you here think this here Skug ,ain't Peter Pan...cross the line\" he told them. So far,the only one that crossed the line,was Peter himself. \"Hi\" he said awkwardly to Rufio. Tink and Lani sighed before dragging him back over the line. \"What?\" he asked them. \"Dad,you are EMBARRASSING me!\" Lani hissed. Tink nodded in agreement as they both let go of his suspenders,making the straps snap back and hit him. Peter muttered a light ouch. After that awkward start,pretty much all of the Lost Boys crossed over to Rufio's side,save for one other boy and Lani. Rufio smirked in victory. 99% of the Lost Boys were with him and they looked expectantly at the remaining two. Rufio smirked even wider as Lani herself made a move to cross the line,but to both sides' surprise,she merely walked to stand near Tink. \"I don't take sides\" she responded simply. Everyone turned to look at Pockets,who was the last Boy on Peter's side. Pockets began to circle Peter,then made him bend down so he could take off Peter's glasses. The boy then began to examine Peter's face,felling the shape of it with his eyes scrunched up in concentration. After a while,Pockets pushed Peter's cheeks back and a smile spread over the young boy's face. \"Oh there you are Peter!\" he smiled. Soon after,the Lost Boys began to go over and see what Pockets saw. Tink smiled as they crowded around him and realized that it was Peter. \"It is Peter. You've grown up\" this time it was Latchboy who spoke,\"You promised never to grow old\" Rufio frowned and felt envious as Peter stole all the attention. Everything was fine just the way it was until he showed up again. Who was this old man?He wasn't the Peter Pan Rufio remembered. The real pan was the one who chose Rufio to succeed him after he left Never Land in the first place!And now he shows up with another person,a girl no less and saying Hook has taken his kids. At last he could take it no more,\"Don't listen to that stinkin' fairy and brainless Fungus! I got the Pan Sword I'm the Pan now!\" he declared,raising his sword above his head,\"You think this guy's gonna take it from me,Rufio?!\" At that,the boys rushed back to Rufio. \"Wait!\" Pockets objected,\"If Tink believes,maybe he is!\" This time,only Thud Butt,Ace,Latchboy,Too Small,Don't Ask and No Nap hurried over to side with Peter and Pockets. By now Rufio was fuming,\"Are you really gonna side with this Droola!Against Kapitan Hook?\" he asked. Lani raised an eyebrow at the sudden change of language from the word 'Captain', 'From my country too,huh?Interesting...' \"What would Captain Hook do if he's not Peter Pan,huh?!\",Pockets argued,\"He don't wanna capture him,give him a chance!\" Peter then jumped up and added his two cents,\"Hook has got my kids,and he's going to kill them unless we do something. Help me,please?\" he pleaded. \"YEAH COME ON GIVE HIM A CHANCE!\" Tink shouted through cupped hands. Rufio smirked then consented,\"Whatever,but I still want to know if this is really Pan\" he turned to face Lani who had remained quiet for the duration of the whole argument,\"Well Lailani?You've known him the most since he supposedly left so... siya ba talaga si Pan ?\" he asked in fluent Tagalog. ( Translation=Is he really Pan?) Lani laughed and approached the group. She carefully looked her dad up and down before answering,\"I can't believe I'm actually saying this but\" she sighed,\" Siya talaga si Pan,kaso lang mas matanda na...kaso sha paren ito \" (Translation=He really is Pan,but he's older now...but this is still him) The Lost Boys looked on in confusion at the foreign language spoken between the two,but it was obvious after Rufio stormed off that Lani had sided with them. This really was Peter Pan. Three chapters up in one day :) I AM ON A ROLL! I'm going to begin the fourth chapter now :P More reviews please!So far I only have one! -MidnightRaven323[Chapter 4] I Gotta Go My Own Way 'We might find a place in this world someday But at least for now, I gotta go my own way I gotta go my own way I gotta go my own way' After confirming that Peter really was Peter Pan,his training started that very afternoon. The poor man was made to run jog around the whole hideout with one Lost Boy on his back,plus,stretching up and touching his toes,jumping jacks and so on. Even in the rain he was made to train,with all of the Lost Boys as well as Lailani and Rufio watching. \"Swing your arms around your back!\" \"Swing your arms around your back!Gotta give yourself a heart attack! \"Gotta train!\" \"Gotta train!\" \"In the rain!\" \"In the rain! And so on,the boys spared Peter no mercy,and Rufio spared even less when he was made to train Peter. \"Go easy on me,I'm a beginner\" Peter said to the leader. Rufio smirked,\"Alright Gramps,give it your best shot\" he challenged. Tink sighed,\"Rufio's only trying to help Peter,just listen to him\" \"Okay,I really don't want to hurt you\" Peter said shakily and began to lunge at Rufio,making failed attempts to slice because Rufio merely dodged the attacks and ended the fight with a quick spin and slice to the back. \"Watch your skin you don't have armor on!\" one of the Lost Boys shouted. \"Bangarang old man\" Rufio smirked. \"Bangarang!\"the boys echoed. With a war cry,Peter lunged at Rufio,intending to run him through,he instead ran past the boy as Rufio aimed a quick slice to his back. After Peter had charged past him,the old man's pants fell down. After that failure,the next thing Peter had to do was learn to fly. Everyone gathered as Peter was strapped into a giant sling shot while the boys shouted encouraging words to him. \"Come on Peter just think happy thoughts!\" \"Come on Peter,all I need is one happy thought and it will make you fly!\" Tink encouraged,ready to give him pixie dust. Peter began to jump up and down in his seat nervously,\"I got it!Not being in a slingshot!\" he said as Rufio positioned himself to cut the rope that would let loose the slingshot,\"That would make me very happppyyyyyy!\" he yelled as he was released into the air. Sadly,we can say that the flying lesson failed as well. At dinner that night,everyone gathered around the table as dinner was set up. Peter was seated beside Too Small and Lailani while she was sitting beside him and Pockets. The smells coming from the pots and covered plates passed down the table were delicious. Peter eagerly picked up the spoon and fork when Latchboy stopped him from across the table,\"No,no,no!\" he laughed,\"We don't use those\" \"Then why do you have them?\" Peter inquired. \"We have those so we don't have to use them\" he shrugged,suddenly,their whole bench tipped to one side as Thud Butt sat down at the end of the table. \"Thud!\" they complained. Thud laughed and moved to sit closer to the middle of the bench instead. The commotion died down as Rufio appeared at the table and took the seat across from Peter. He looked at the older man with obvious distaste before putting his hands together in prayer. Everyone else followed in suite. \"Everybody say Grace\" Rufio ordered. \"Bless this oh Lord-\" \"GRACE!\" everyone cut off Peter and began digging into the food. The adult looked in confusion as all the children began to pile invisible food onto their plates. What was going on?Where was all the food?There was delicious smelling steam but that was it. \"Can you blow on this?\" Pockets asked Lani. She smiled and quickly blew on whatever food Pockets asked her to blow on. \"Dad eat!\" Lani nudged him,she looked as if she was grabbing an assortment of food and piled them on her plate. Everyone else seemed to be enjoying their meal. Even Tinkerbell was 'eating' happily and even burped a little. Peter was very much confused,\"Eat what?\" \"Are you eating that?\" Thud Butt asked Peter,gesturing to his plate. \"No,please\" Peter laughed,passing his plate to Thud. \"Eat\" Tink laughed. Peter was still as confused as ever,\"What's the deal?Where's the real food?\" \"If you can't imagine yourself being Peter Pan,the you won't be Peter Pan!\" Tink said,\"So eat up!\" \"Eat what?\" he asked again,\"There's nothing here,Gandhi ate more than this!\" Tink was still relentless,\"Don't you remember Peter,this use to be your favorite game!\" Lani scoffed,\"The last time Dad played a game was...well...I don't actually know\" she shrugged. \"Forget games,I want some real food,I want steak,I want eggs and a cup of coffee-\" Peter was abruptly cut off by Rufio,\"He can't!Eat your heart out you crinkled,wrinkled,fat bag!\" he shouted,throwing a plate at Peter. Once again,Peter had to scold him,\"You're a very ill mannered young man,you know that?!\" \"You're a slug-eating worm!\" Rufio retorted. \"Come on you can do better than that!\" Tinkerbell cheered. Peter looked aghast,\"I can't believe you're encouraging this!\" \"Yeah,yeah show me your fast-ball dust brain!You punchy,sag-bottom puke-pot!\" Rufio spat. \"Bangarang Rufio!\" The boys shouted. \"You're a very poor role-model for these kids,you know that?\" Everyone gave Peter a thumbs down,\"I bet you don't even have a fourth grade reading level\" \"Hemorrhoidal suck naval\" \"Or maybe a fifth grade reading level\" Once again,the boys gave him a thumbs down. \"Boil dripping beef fart sniffing bubble butt\" The boys cheered again,\"Bangarang,Rufio!\" \"Someone has a severe ca-ca mouth, you know that?\" Peter scolded again. Lani let out a small laugh,\"Ca-ca mouth,really?\" Rufio scoffed,\"You are fart factory,\" he said,getting up,\"Slug-slime,sack of rat-guts and cat vomit!Cheesy, scab picked, pimple squeezing finger bandage. A week old maggot burger with everything on it and flies on the side!\" \"Ewww!\" the boys groaned in disgust. Lani gagged,\"Eww,I really didn't need that mental image\" Peter got up as well,\"Substitute chemistry teacher\" \"Come on Rufio,you da man\" one of the boys encouraged. \"Mung tongue!\" Rufio retorted. \"Math tutor\" \"Pin-head\" \"...Prison barber\" \"Mother lover\" \"Nearsighted gynecologist\" \"In your face, camel cake!\" \"In your rear, cow derrière!\" \"You lying, crying, spying, prying ultra-pig!\" \"You lewd, crude, rude, bag of pre-chewed food dude\" \"Bangarang Peter!\" Thud Butt cheered. The other boys echoed him. Lanni began to smile,there was the Peter all the Lost Boys remembered. After that last insult she could see that Rufio was loosing confidence after the Lost Boys began to side with Peter. Yes,Rufio was definitely,\"You… you man! You stupid, stupid man!\" \"Rufio, if I'm a maggot burger why don't you EAT ME, you two-toned zebra-headed,pimple coated, paramecium brain, munchin' on your own mucus, suffering from Peter Pan envy?!\" \"Ouch\" Lani muttered dryly. \"What's a paramecium brain?\" Don't Ask asked. \"I'll tell you what a paramecium is!\" Peter shouted then pointed across the table to Rufio,\" That's a paramecium! It's a one-celled critter with no brain, that can't fly. Don't mess with me man, I'm a lawyer!\" he shouted defiantly before sitting back down. The boys smiled and began to chant,\"Banning,Banning,Banning,Banning!\" Peter smiled and picked up his spoon,\"Of Rufio,why don't you just go suck on a dead dog's nose\" and with that,he flicked what was on his spoon at the sixteen year old. To everyone's surprise,rainbow coloured cake spattered onto Rufio's face. He reached up and wiped the frosting off him and looked at it in disbelief. Peter looked down on his spoon and found that he had scooped up a piece of real food. \"You''re doing it\" Too Small told him. \"Doing what?\" Peter asked. Lailani smiled proudly,\"Using your imagination\" Peter's mouth fell open as he looked at the table they were all sitting at. A feast was spread before them with all kinds of food imaginable. There were multi-coloured cakes,bowls of fruit,a plate of chicken,steaming buns and so much more. \"You're playing with us Peter!\" Thud Butt cheered. Everyone began laugh. There Peter Pan was back at last. As they all began to enjoy the food and talk amongst themselves,and generally have a good time,they failed to notice that Rufio had left the table in a huff. \"Peter!\" Thud Butt called,\"Catch!\" With that,he threw cake at Peter's face. They all began to roar in laughter and began to throw food at each other. \"Food fight!\" Lani declared. Peter then jumped onto the table,\"Bangarang!\" he shouted before throwing handfuls of food at the boys. \"Bangarang!\" they echoed and Peter was soon completely covered in food. \"Hey Pan da man!\" Rufio called,picking up a coconut from where he stood on the stairs,\"Catch this!\" he shouted,flinging it at Peter. \"Dad look out!\" Lani shouted. \"Peter watch out!\" on of the boys warned,tossing him a sword. Peter took hold of the sword just as the coconut came flying towards him. He spun around and managed to cut the coconut in half just as it was a foot away from him. The Lost Boys and Lani gazed up at him in awe. Peter looked at the sword in his hand. Just one look at the golden blade and Peter knew instantly it was the pan Sword he had used. \"Bangarang\" Thud Butt whispered quietly. That small comment made Peter freeze and drop the sword. This was going to be a long night. After dinner,everyone helped clean up the mess they had made before cleaning themselves up. A few of the younger boys had already dozed off and the older ones were putting them to bed. After Peter had left,Thud Butt approached Lani carrying a sleeping Too Small,\"Lani,can you help me bring Pockets and Too Small to bed?\" he asked,nodding over to Pockets who was half asleep on the table. \"Sure\" Lani nodded and picked up Pockets,\"Lead the way\" Thud smiled and lead her up higher to the highest structures in the tree. After passing countless beds with sleeping boys,Lani spoke up. \"Thud,just where do these two sleep?\" she asked,meaning Too Small and Pockets. \"Too Small and Pockets are the youngest out of all of us,so they sleep in the highest part of the hide out,closest to where Rufio stays\" Thud explained. Lani raised a brow,\"How come they're the closest to Rufio?\" \"Because,if pirates attack the hideout then they will be safe. 'Cause they're with the Chief,you get it?\" he said,\"and since your a girl,you'll probably be sleeping near them,in the spare hammock. That's what Wendy use to do,Peter would keep her close to him just in case\" \"That makes sense\" she shrugged as they finally made it to the highest parts. Surprisingly,Rufio was already there,lying on his back and staring up at the stars -not to mention shirtless. For once he had taken off the bone necklace he always wore but kept the strange silver locket that was usually hidden beneath the bones. Lani made note to ask about it later. He barely spared them a glance as he heard their foot steps and continued staring at the sky. Thud moved to a make-shift bed to the left of Rufio some ways away and place Too Small in it. Thud left shortly afterwards after saying goodnight to Lani and Rufio. Near Too Small's bed was a small canopy made of leaves and branches over what Lani presumed was Pocket's bed. She placed the boy on it and was about to move in the opposite direction to a hammock that was strung up on the branches to the left of where Rufio was when Pockets woke up. \"Can you tell us a story like Wendy use to?\" Pockets asked sleepily as he and Too Small were woken up. Lani looked uncertain,she wasn't very good story teller like Wendy was. \"Sorry Pockets,I'm not like Wendy\" she apologized quietly. Too Small then sat up in his bed,\"What about a lullaby?\" he asked innocently. Lailani was about to speak again but was cut off. \"They're not gonna go to sleep 'till someone tells them a story,sings to them or plays them music\" Rufio said dryly without looking at them. \"Fine...\" she gave up and began to think of any good lullabys that she knew. She could only think of one,but it was in Spanish. (A/N quite a few words in Tagalog are Spanish so it doesn't matter) \"I know one,but it's in another language\" she apologized again. Pockets shrugged as he and Too Small layed down again,\"It doesn't matter\" he dismissed. \"Okay...\" she said and began to sing softly. \"A la nanita nana, nanita ella, nanita ella Mi Nina tiene sueno bendito sea, bendito sea \" Rufio's eyes flickered open at the familiar tune of the song. He knew this from so long ago. It was actually a carol and was mostly sung to girls,but he remembered his mother singing it to him once. \"A la nanita nana, nanita ella, nanita ella Mi Nina tiene sueno bendito sea, bendito sea \" Without Lailani noticing,he leaned to the side of his bed to pick up an instrument of the floor and began to softly play along. \"Fuentecita que corre clara y sonora Ruisenor que en la selva cantando llora Calla mientras la cuna se balansea A la nanita nana, nanita ella \" Lani paused and turned around. She saw Rufio sitting up in his bed plucking at the strings of a guitar,playing the instrumental for the lullaby. He merely shrugged at her questioning gaze and continued to play. \"A la nanita nana, nanita ella, nanita ella Mi Nina tiene sueno bendito sea, bendito sea\" She continued the song,noting that Pockets and Too Small were falling asleep. As well as the fact that the music was heard throughout the silent hideout as Rufio continued to play the guitar. \"Fuentecita que corre, clara y sonora Ruisenor que en la selva cantando llora Calla mientras la cuna, se balansea A la nanita nana, nanita ella\" Lani finished the song quietly as the two boys' breathing even out and Rufio finished the last few chords. She sighed and made her way to the hammock that Thud said would be hers and sat down on it. It was surprisingly comfortable as she kicked off her shoes and layed down on her bed,putting her hands behind her head. Rufio put away the guitar and resumed his previous position on his bed,staring up at the stars again and absentmindedly fingering his locket. \"What's so special about that locket?\" Lani asked quietly,lying on her side with her right arm supporting her head as she faced him. Rufio turned over to see her,\"Nothing really...\" he replied. \"Sure...\" Lani said,not believing it. Rufio smirked,\"You know curiosity killed the cat\" \"But satisfaction brought it back\" she retorted. \" Impossible ka naman \" he sighed turning away from her. (Translation=You're impossible) \" Alam ko\" she said,turning away , \"I find out everything\" (Translation=I know) Rufio smiled,\"Whatever,'night\" \"'Night\" Terrible ending I know. I actually love the song,it's called 'A La Nanita Nana' it's actually a traditional Christmas Carol but it's become a lullaby. Any ideas on what else to do next for the story would be appreciated :) Please don't forget to REVIEW,FOLLOW,or FAVORITE. -MidnightRaven323[Chapter 5] Come on people!100+ Views and over 20 Visitors but only 3 Reviews?Really? Where's all the love :( I Gotta Go My Own Way 'We might find a place in this world someday But at least for now, I gotta go my own way I gotta go my own way I gotta go my own way' The next morning,Lailani was woken up by the ringing of the bell and shout's of 'He's Back!Pan's back' She cursed herself again for being a light sleeper and fell back onto her hammock. But then she bolted upright when she realized what was going on. Peter Pan was back,which meant he could fly now. Sure enough,when she looked around Too Small and Pockets were already gone and only their Chief was still in bed. She was out of her bed in a flash and began putting on her shoes before she moved to wake up Rufio. She was sure he would want to know about this. \"Rufio get up!\" she shouted,sitting on his bed and shaking the sixteen year old. Rufio groaned and turned away from her,eager to get back to sleep and completely oblivious to what was going on around him. \"Come on,wake up!\" she shouted again,this time,Rufio opened his eyes a bit. \"Well ain't this a nice thing to wake up to\" he smirked. Lani rolled her eyes,\"Thanks for the complement but this is serious,didn't you hear?\" she asked. \"Hear what?\" Rufio asked,sitting up in bed. \"Pan's back,as in,he can fly now\" Rufio froze,\"WHAT?!\" he demanded. Lani sighed,\"Pan. Is. Back\" she repeated,\"And he can fly now\" Just after she said that did Rufio notice all the excited shouts and the loud ringing of the bell. He threw the covers off himself and hastily began to get ready. Five minutes later,Rufio was racing down the tree to where the bell was,dragging an annoyed Lailani after him. A soon as they reached the area of the hideout where everyone had gathered,the first thing they saw was that Peter really WAS flying. The Lost Boys began to roar in laughter when Peter flew down towards them and promptly made Rufio's pants fall down just like what happened when they were sparring. They cheered when Peter began to fly all over the hideout just as he use to back in the good ol' days. The boys followed Jack to the basketball courts where he was playing basketball with Lani and a few others. Just as Peter used his new-found flying skills to score,the crowd parted as Rufio made his way to Peter with a frown on his. Lani's smile vanished from her face as she saw that he also had his sword drawn. Everyone held their breaths as the current leader of the Lost Boys continued to approach Pan. However,he stopped a few feet away from Peter and dropped to his knees. Rufio raised up the sword he was holding and offered it to Peter. It was a sign of apology and respect. \"You are the Pan\" he told him. Peter accepted the sword without a word and took a few steps back. Using the tip of the blade,he scratched a line down the court just like Rufio had done before. Without any hesitation,the Lost Boys crossed over the line to Peter's side,facing Rufio who was still on his knees. Rufio then got up and smiled,\"You can fly. You can. fight. And you can crow\" he announced as Peter crowed,with the boys echoing him. Peter smiled broadly and bowed to Rufio,who bowed back. The two of them understood each other now. Loud cheering broke out as everyone began to crowd around the two of them,congratulating Peter about his 'Home-Coming'. Lani pushed her way through the celebrating boys and gave her dad a hug,\"Looks like you really are Peter Pan after all!\" she laughed and stepped back a bit,only to bump into someone else. When she turned around she saw Rufio smirking down at her with his arms crossed,\"Happy now?\" he asked teasingly. Lani smirked,\"Yeah...\",suddenly,she pulled Rufio down to her height and gave him a quick peck on the lips. When she pulled,back,they were both blushing slightly. \"What was that for?\" Rufio asked,pulling her closer. \"For being man enough to swallow your pride\" Lani replied. \"LANI AND RUFIO SITTIN' IN A TREE! K-I-S-S-I-N-G!\" The pair pulled back in surprise and looked up to see Pockets,Ace,Thud Butt,Latchboy,Too Small,Don't Ask and No Nap smiling down at them. Lani flushed crimson in embarrassment while Rufio rolled his eyes,\"That wasn't a kiss\" he stated,\" This is a kiss\" And with that,he pulled Lani to him again and pressed his lips to hers. Above them,some found it really cute like Pockets,Too Small and Thud Butt while the others gagged. The pair pulled apart and smiled at each other. At sun down,the Lost Boys went straight to bed,for tomorrow would be the day of the battle between Hook and Peter. However,the two teens were still up. Apparently Rufio had something he needed to do at Mermaid Lagoon and had asked Lailani to go with him. She agreed and followed him into the small bit of jungle they needed to get through to Mermaid Lagoon. \"Are we there yet?\" Lani asked after fifteen minutes of walking as they cut their way through an especially thick part of foliage. She had acquired her own sword shortly after Peter resumed his place as Leader of the Lost Boys,with Rufio as his Lieutenant. \"Yep,now we are\"Rufio responded,making on final slash before breaking free from the jungle. \"Woah...\" Lani said,looking around the Lagoon. The water in the lagoon seemed like a bottomless pit in the dark. There were a few large rocks in the center of the lagoon,where Lani presumed the mermaids would sit on. There was also a waterfall cascading into the area,causing the fresh water to mix with the salt of the sea. The whole place pratically screamed 'magical',especially with the moonlight of the full moon casting it's light on the whole place,making it seem to glow. \"Come on\" Rufio said,tugging her out of her thoughts and leading her to the waterfall. Surprisingly,there was actually space behind it and Rufio slipped behind the waterfall and into the cavern behind it with Lani following closely. Inside the large cavern,water had come in from the lagoon. However,the water in the cavern seemed to glow and illuminate the inside. The only places above water water was the pathway leading from the hidden entrance of the cavern to the small island located in the center of the cavern,surrounded by water. Lani followed Rufio as they walked across the pathway to the island before stopping. There,growing on the island they were standing on were flowers. These were special though,the huge,five-petaled blossoms were roughly the size of a dinner plate and seemed to made of fire,even though they weren't. The colours resembled flames with the center being a yellow-ish gold colour then getting darker to a rusty orange and then a flaming red. \"What is this place?\" Lani asked curiously as Rufio kneeled down and began to go through the fiery blooms. \"I found this place some time ago\" he said,\"I would come here when I wanted to be left alone. It's a good place to come and think,as well as a cool place to be when the mermaids begin to sing\" he explained. \"Oh really?Or do you just like being surrounded by all the mermaids?\" she teased,crossing her arms. Rufio shrugged,\"What can I say,I am a guy after all\" he laughed. He plucked the largest flower before walking over to a fair-sized table made of stone near the edge of the island,away from the flowers and setting the flower on it. Beside the table,what looked like a cooking fire was burning where two loges were set on either side of it where a pot could be rested. \"But that's not why we're here\" he told her before waving her over. Lani sat down beside him and watched as he pulled out a small bowl made of fired clay and scooped up some of the surrounding water into the bowl before resting it on the two logs above the fire to bring the water to a boil. \"The battle between Pan and Hook is tomorrow,right?\" Rufio asked. \"Yeah\" Lani nodded. \"That's why we're here. We're here for these\" Rufio picked up the flower,\"This is a Fire Flower,one drop from the juice made from one of these can cure any wound or illness,even from the brink of death\" Rufio explained as he began to cut up the flower and dropping it into the boiling water. \"So that's why we're here,to make some for tomorrow\" Lani concluded. \"Exactly,now we just have to wait for the flower to be completely dissolved\" Rufio sighed before lying down on the ground beside the fire with his head resting on Lailani's lap. After a few minutes,a spicy yet sweet smell wafted through they air,like the smell of fresh chilli and sugar. \"It's like Wendy and Peter Pan all over again\" Lani murmured quietly. Rufio blinked at her,\"I guess so\" he said,sitting up and bringing the bowl off the fire and putting it on the table to cool down,\"And we both know how that story ended\" Lani hummed in agreement. Five minutes of silence past before Rufio broke it,\"You wanted to know what's so special about my locket right?\" he asked,slipping it off and holding it by the chain. \"Yeah\" she said,moving closer. Rufio let out a small laugh and then smirked,\"It's not actually a locket\" \"Then what is it?\" Lani asked curiously,slightly confused. \"Look\" Rufio brought a hand to the necklace and unscrewed the part that attached the chain and the silver whatever-it-was and removed the ornament,revealing a hollow space,\"It's actually sort of a vial\" he said,reaching for the bowl of the Fire Flower cordial and carefully pouring the crimson liquid inside until the small bowl was empty. Not surprising since the disc-like bottle was actually roughly the size of a compass. \"I was not expecting that\" Lani said truthfully as Rufio screwed on what was in fact the small cork of the bottle that was attached to the chain,making the necklace whole again. \"Our job is done\" he announced,slipping the necklace around his neck again and standing up. Lani followed in suite and stretched a bit,\"By the time we get back we would of been gone for about an hour\" she said as they exited the cavern and back into Mermaid Lagoon,\"So the reason you came here tonight was to make that healing cordial?\" \"Pretty much\" Rufio answered,drawing his sword again and preparing to slash through the jungle again. \" Diyos ko \" Lani sighed exasperatedly as they made their way back to the Hangman's Tree. (Translation-My god) When they got back to the Tree,they crept quietly past all the sleeping boys to the top parts where they slept. Instead of sleeping like they should've been doing however,the pair found themselves talking silently on Rufio's bed,mostly discussing what would happen tomorrow. \"You know...we'll probably go back home once w get Jack and Maggie...\" Lani said hesitantly,almost afraid to bring the topic of going home back up. Rufio went rigid for a moment and his gaze hardened for a second before disappearing as quickly as it came,\"After seeing what happened with Peter,I really don't want history to repeat itself\" he stated,going back to his cool persona. \"Neither\" Lani agreed. She didn't want to become like Wendy,she could see the sadness in the old woman's eyes when she saw Peter and Moira together. She was happy for them,yes,but still..some wounds never heal. \"Then what do we do\" Rufio asked quietly. \"I...I don't know\" she replied uncertainly,\"What if...what if I go back home,and stay there for a year before coming back to Never Land\" she said. \"A year in your world is quite a long time\" he replied,thinking the idea over,\"How do I know you won't forget about me?\" \"Like that could ever happen\"she scoffed. \"Lani,I'm serious\" Rufio said,\"It could happen\" \"I swear it won't\" she promised,resting her head on his shoulder,\"I'll always have Lola Wendy to remind me what could happen to us if I did\" she reasoned. Rufio thought it over for a while,thinking about the Pros and Cons of the plan. It was a good one he had to admit,but still,so much could happen in the time she would be gone... \"One year\" he repeated,accepting the plan,\"And then I'm sending Tink to get you\" Lani nodded,\"One year,then I'll come back to you\" Forget the Cons,he would just have to trust her. Sorry for the long wait,I had the chapter typed up until the 'And we both know how that story ended' part before my parents told me we're running out of internet so I quickly typed the rest of it up just recently. Hopefully I can update again in two weeks. Please,REVIEW,FOLLOW,or FAVORITE. I know you guys read this,just let me know I'm not writing for nothing! -MidnightRaven323[Chapter 6] Long time no see! Sorry, the first year of high school was pretty hectic, but some really good things came out of it! Here's pretty much the last chapter of the story, save for the Epilogue XD I Gotta Go My Own Way 'We might find a place in this world some day But at least for now, I gotta go my own way I gotta go my own way I gotta go my own way' Lani was up before the dawn. Only a small amount of respite came to her the night before, despite having been out later than usual. Pure adrenaline was coursing through her and the anticipation for the coming battle made her restless. She tip-toed passed the slumbering boys still dreaming dreams and across the bridges of vines, all the way to the base of the Hangman's Tree, to the spot where he and her adoptive father had first been surrounded by the Lost Boys. Setting the sword she had brought with her down, she grabbed a sash hanging on a branch and tied it tightly around her head, grabbing the sword once again before pulling the sash over her eyes. Weighing it carefully in her hands, she found her bearings and got use to moving around without her sight by making a few quick slashes in front of her. \"1 o'clock,\" she whispered under her breath, striking out a little towards her right. \"11 o'clock,\" this time, a jab to the left. \"3 o'clock, 9 o'clock,\" two consecutive strikes in a row. \"6 o'clock,\" she spun around to parry an imaginary blow to her back. This went on for half an hour, any longer and she knew she would be to tired for the real fight. So instead, she settled for sharpening her blade using a smooth rock used for that exact purpose. That was how the boys found her as the sun was halfway up : Sitting cross-legged against the tree with the recently sharpened blade across her lap. \"Lani. . .?\" Too Small said tentatively, tugging at the older girls arm. Lani smiled at the young boy. \"It's time, isn't it?\" She got a nod in confirmation and a package pressed into her hands. \"Tink said to give this to you.\" Too Small explained before leaving her side to help the others with preparations. Once again left on her own, she moved aside the cloth covering the package's contents, revealing a corset-like bodice of hardened leather –no doubt to be used as protection – along with two gauntlets of the same material to cover her bare forearms. She stood up and put on the bodice first, thankful for it being laced at the front, and then the gauntlets next before picking up her sword. But she nearly dropped it out of surprise when Rufio suddenly appeared in front of her, seemingly out of no where, and looking every bit as fierce as the name the Indians gave him : Dark Howling One. \"Scary,\" she commented, running a finger over the bones covering Rufio's chest. \"Maybe the pirates will get scared and run off,\" she joked. Rufio smirked, a signature move that Lani officially associated him with. \"That's the idea.\" Lani and the Lost Boys watched as Peter began the initial attack on Hook's ship and crew. A cry of 'Bangarang!' was sent up and the attack officially began. With ropes in hand, they threw themselves from their port hiding places and swung onto the Jolly Roger. Lani landed on the deck, knocking out a pirate in the process. \"Thanks for breaking my fall!\" She grinned, drawing her sword and mock bowing to the five pirates who now surrounded her. \"Alright, who wants to be the first to get their ass kicked?\" Back on the Mainland, the most she ever two at a time, this was double that. But hey, she wasn't complaining. This was a challenge she was looking forward to. With a wordless cry, she charged at the ones in front of her, putting the practice she had earlier to good use. \"Form ranks!\" Peter ordered, \"Get ready to show them the white light we're made of, boys!\" He faintly heard Lani's voice objecting, \"I'm a girl!\" \"Remember the fires of Hell that forged you!\" Hook barked at his men. \"Charge!\" With the clang of steel against steel becoming the rhythm to which she fought to coupled with adrenaline pumping through her, she lost herself in the battle, relying on her training and pure instinct. She also had to use her acquired flexibility to dodge flying chicken eggs and stay away from the gumballs littering the deck to stray from losing her footing. To avoid getting in the way of the fighters, she walked along the ship's railing and ended up near the top of the stairs, closest to her adopted brother whilst fighting a dark-skinned pirate. \"Hook!\" Rufio's voice called in challenge as he appeared at the bottom of the stairs. \"Rufio. . .Rufio. . .\" Hook mock-chanted, exchanging his staff for a gilded sword. \"No!\" Peter objected, moving in between the two. \"The old man is mine.\" \"JACK! SAVE ME!\" The distressed voice of Maggie calling for help distracted Lani long enough for her opponent to knick at her upper arm, unprotected by her leather gauntlets. She was jolted out of her revere by the sting and retaliated by kicking the pirate's shin and then aiming a round-house kick to his head, effectively knocking him out. 'Man, I've been watching to many Jackie Chan movies. . .' she mused to herself. She turned just in time to see Peter fly off, no doubt to save Maggie, leaving Rufio to deal with Hook. Sure enough, a cocky grin was spreading across his face. It was like a train wreck, you wanted to look away, or do something, but you just couldn't. Lailani could only watch helplessly, unable to do anything to stop the fight. If she interfered now, Rufio would hate her; This was his fight. So when Hook plunged the sword into his body, she felt a strangled cry leave her throat as his eyes met hers, the sparkle of mischief already leaving them. Lani rushed forward, carelessly shoving Hook out of the way just as Peter caught Rufio before he hit the deck. She sunk to her knees beside them, clasping Rufio's hand in hers. She felt hot tears brimming in her eyes when he squeezed her hand gently in reassurance. When was the last time she cried? \"Do you know what I wish?\" He asked Peter, his voice soft. \"What?\" The Pan asked quietly. \"I wish I had a dad . . . Like you,\" he turned his head ever so slightly to look at the raven-haired girl's tear-streaked face, \" Alam mo. . .suerte ka. . . ang galing ung tatay mo . Just wanted to let you know. . . Lailani , mahal kita. . . \" (Translation: Alam mo. . .suerte ka. . . ang galing ung tatay mo= You know. . . You're lucky. . .You have a great father. Mahal kita = I love you) Peter bowed his head and layed the boy down, silently accepting fate. But his daughter refused to accept it. \"Oh Dad, Lani, I'm so sorry.\" Jack said tearfully, but his words either fell on deaf ears or were ignored. Peter turned to Hook, fury and hatred in his eyes. He would finish what Rufio started. Meanwhile, Jack looked down at his big sister, who still had not moved from Rufio's side. \"No, no, no! Don't do this to me!\" Lani begged, catching sight of the silver vial that Rufio still wore, ever so slightly rising and falling as the elder boy's breathing got shallower and shallower. \" . . .one drop from the juice made from one of these can cure any wound or illness, even from the brink of death.\" At least, that was what he had told her. In a desperate move, she slipped the chain over his head and hastily unscrewed the vial from the chain. Once again, she smelt the cordial's spicy sweet aroma. \"Come on, come on. . .\" she whispered, willing the cordial to work it's magic as she tipped some of the crimson liquid into Rufio's mouth. And then she waited. And waited. \"Daddy, where's Lani?\" Maggie inquired, scanning the after math of the battle. The little girl's seemingly innocent question ceased the joyful cries of \"No more Hook!\" Whisperings broke out amongst the Lost Boys, those that didn't know what happened with their Chief were quickly filled in by those who had witnessed the scene or had already heard the news. The Boys shuffled back onto the Jolly Roger, and Peter led his children back to where his eldest was still in the same position as when he had last saw her. No more tears were seen on her face, but her expression was grim. Lani could only just see the barely noticeable rise and fall of Rufio's chest, meaning he was alive, but the tanned boy still hadn't stirred. \"Lailani,it's time for us to go,\" Peter said gently, placing a hand on the kneeling girl's shoulder. He spared one last look towards his fallen Lieutenant.\" There's nothing more we could do here.\" The Lost Boys took off their hats and bowed their heads in respect to their fallen leader. A shuddering breath left Lailani as she closed her eyes. \"I know,\" she sighed and began to get up. Suddenly, a hand darted out and caught her wrist, keeping her from leaving. Gasps broke out and the Boys put their hats back on, broad smiled gracing their faces. \"R- Rufio. . .?\" Lani asked in disbelief, slowly turning back around. She was met with the sight of Rufio propping himself up with his other arm, a cocky smirk once again in place. \"Leaving without saying goodbye are you?\" Lani stood up, pulling him to his feet and into a hug, burying her face into the crook of his neck. Rufio smiled and wrapped his arms around her, \"I told you it could bring someone back from the brink of death.\" Lani growled and shoved him away. \"Yeah but you never said how long it would take! I thought you had really gone and died! You weren't waking up but you were breathing, you looked like you were in coma! I thought –mphf!\" Her tirade was silenced by smooth lips crushing her own. She made a few muffled sounds of protest before giving up and just kissing back. \"Bleh!\" Jack pulled a face. \"I think it's so romantic. . .\" Maggie cooed. Peter harrumphed and cleared his throat, uncomfortable with seeing his eldest child with some boy, even if that boy was his second in command. \"We really do have to go. . .\" The pair separated, but Rufio kept his arm around her as Peter was bombarded with questions. \"What's wrong, Peter?\" \"What do you mean?\" \"Peter please!\" \"Don't go, Peter!\" \"I can't stay and play,\" Peter said ruefully, turning to the Lost Boys. \" I've done what I came to do and now I have to go back. We both do.\" The last bit he aimed at Lailani, who looked at the floor but nodded none the less. Peter walked over to Jack and Maggie, kneeling down in front of them. \"Tink,\" he called to the fairy fluttering above their heads. \"Make my kids glow.\" Tinkerbell flew over Jack and Maggie, showering them with pixie dust and making them laugh and giggle before sprinkling another pinch over Lani's head. \"Jack, Maggie, all you have to do is think on happy thought . . . And you'll fly like me.\" Peter instructed. They did so, all three of them went up a few feet before Peter handed them over to the fairy. \"Tink, you know the way, we'll be just behind you.\" \"Wait!\" Jack said, making his way back down before promptly bopping Rufio on the head. \"That was for kissing my sister, mister!\" He huffed, before flying back to Tink and Maggie. Peter touched back down on the ground and the Lost Boys took off their hats for him. \"Don't leave us Peter, don't say goodbye.\" Thud Butt said sadly. \"What's goodbye?\" Too Small asked. \"It's going away, that's what it is.\" It was Ace who answered him, his voice breaking. \" Forgetting about us all over again.\" \"Just like last time.\" Rufio interjected, moving to stand with the lost boys and remembering how Pan had abandoned them before. \"No, my Lost Boys, I'll never leave you. Never. \" Peter crouched down to their height, shaking his head. \"So who do I leave in charge?\" Peter took out his sword and moved back and forth between the Lost Boys, trying to figure out who would be the new Pan. It was all just for show that, he didn't even need to make a decision. He already made one before. It was to Rufio whohe presented his golden sword to. Just as he did all those years ago. \"I placed my trust in you long ago, and you have not led them astray.\" Peter said as Rufio accepted the sword, bowing his head gratefully, \"And if you ever need help, I'm sure Thud Butt will be a suitable Lietenant,\" he smiled at the large boy. Rufio grinned and nodded, raising the sword above his head as Peter began to fly. Peter inclined his head and beckoned at his eldest. Lailani looked at Rufio, giving him a chaste kiss good bye. \"One year, never forget.\" Rufio reminded, transferring his silver vial from himself to the girl. \"Of course not.\" She reassured. \"But at least for now, I gotta go my own way.\" And with that, she joined her father in the air, thinking her happy thoughts, thoughts of her time at Neverland. Her thoughts spanned the entire three days they had been with the Lost Boys, from the moment Peter was mistaken for a bush all the way to that very hour that Rufio was practically revived. It was strange, that all it took was three days to fall in love with someone. They were almost six meters in the air when she remembered something and called back down to the Boys. \"Rufio?\" \"Hm?\" She smiled. \" Mahal kita din. \" The smart ones, or the ones with good memories would probably have noticed that the very last thing Lani said to Rufio was '\"I love you too.\" So very sweet and 'awwww' worthy I know, I know. As I've said at the start, this is pretty much the final chapter, then the Epilogue, and then MAYBE a Sequel :) This story is actual pretty Sequel worthy, don't you think? Stupid question, I've got a plot ready and I've fantasized the beginning already as well as made up Lani's outfits on Polyvore~~~ REVIEW REVIEW REVIEW tell me if you want more! ~Midnightraven323[Chapter 7] The Epilogue T^T My Xmas present to all of you who have stood with the story from the beggining to the end! A huge thank you to you all! I Gotta Go My Own Way 'We might find a place in this world some day But at least for now, I gotta go my own way I gotta go my own way I gotta go my own way' \"To live . . . would be an awfully big adventure.\" Peter concluded, still watching the silhouette of Tootles as he flew away, growing smaller and smaller in the distance, his new found marbles in hand. \"Awfully big.\" Lani echoed, bringing a hand up to clutch the silver vial still hanging around her neck. If she was a different type of person, a more logical one, she would have passed off the past three days as a dream, nothing more. But she wasn't one who believed that science could prove anything. And here, in her hand, was proof that it was all real. All seven impossibilities; One: If you head to the second star to the right, and straight on till morning, you will reach Neverland. Two: With fairy dust and one happy thought, you could fly. Three: Mermaids and Faeries were real. Four: Pirates still existed. Five: There was always a home for lost children at the Hangman's Tree. Six: There was a special cordial that could bring people back from Death's door. And Seven: That very same cordial brought the first and only person Lani had ever loved back to her. At that last thought, Lani wiped away a single stray tear that had threatened to fall down her cheek. With a rueful smile, she remembered their promise. She would see him again, even if she had to wait a year or decade, they would be together again. \"Lailani?\" \"Yes, Lola?\" \"Is that. . .A Kiss I see?\" ~The End~ Sorry, I just HAD to end it there XD So there you have it! The final chapter in I Gotta Go My Own Way ! Sorry for the length, I've pretty much just summed it all up. Most of you have encouraged a sequel, which WILL happen, with a few surprises ^-^ You want some sneak-peeks of what will be in it? Of course you do! ~We need villains, so here come Jake and the Neverland Pirates! (As bad guys, sorry Disney Junior fans.) ~The Mermaids and the Lost Tribe will be included this time. ~We will have some insight on Rufio's past and his Reign on Neverland after Peter first left. ~ Maybe even new Lost Girl? Hmm. . . For the sake of this story and the next, I'd like all of you to Review your thoughts on the whole story and your expectations on the Sequel, as well as what you'd like to see more on. While you're at it, suggestions of which country our possible Lost Girl could come from would be appreciated ^-^ ~MidnightRaven323[Chapter 8] SEQUEL IS UP~~~~! START READING ^-^ ","Summary":" I just quite recently watched Hook again for the first time in god knows how long. It was all thank"},{"Movie":"Wanted","Title":"Every Day is Exactly the Same","Author":"Pirate Gyrl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4697407","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Every Day is Exactly the Same Prologue \"It's a bloodbath in here,\" the officer said as he stepped his way over the rubble of the building. He was taking care not to step on anything. Evie thought he was actually just new to the job and still squeamish. \"It's the worst thing we've seen all year.\" She barely looked at the man. Her focus was more on the chaos that surrounded her. It seemed as if the entire building would fall any minute. Beams had been splintered by the explosions. Bullet holes littered every wall. Dried blood spatter coated almost every surface of the room. It was as if an entire army had descended on one building and destroyed every living being there. \"Forensics found pieces of rats scattered on all of the floors. They have no idea how that happened,\" he babbled. \"There's more upstairs though. The stairs were destroyed in whatever went down here so you'll have to climb the ladder.\" Evie's attention turned to the dusty floor under her booted feet. A boot print caught her attention, next to another print that was slightly slurred. \"Has forensics looked at this yet?\" she asked, kneeling down to study it closer. The officer scratched his head. \"I don't know. I'll get them on it as soon as I take you up to the others.\" Evie nodded and then stood up. She followed the officer across the floor, watching as people from the coroner's office zipped up anonymous black bags. There were so many bags to carry out. She had a feeling the officer was right; this was the worst crime of the year. \"The only thing that we know is that whoever did this came in through that back window,\" the officer said, jerking a thumb over his shoulder in the direction of the broken window. \"All of the glass is shattered in.\" \"And all of the bullets in the victims?\" \"Preliminary reports show that the bullets are from different guns. Forensics will go over them once the M.E. does the autopsies.\" Evie merely nodded again. \"They're collecting all of the weapons. We're hoping that we'll be able to get some clear fingerprints for the murderer. Maybe the victims too. Coroner's having to rig up something to be able to get the vics from the top floor.\" \"There's more up there?\" Evie asked distractedly. \"Oh yeah. Ten to fifteen more. The Captain's gonna have to tell you what we think went on there.\" It didn't make sense. At least not to Evie. Not yet. For all intents and purposes this was just a mill. Pieces of the looms were scattered everywhere. From what she'd been told when she was handed the case most of the victims had been killed with a single bullet to the head. Execution style. Easiest way to ensure a simple killing. And yet the victims had only seemed to be plain weavers. The officer led her through the rest of the destroyed ground floor to a ladder that had been placed against the top floor railing, what was left of it at least. From the ladder he led her through a room that could only be described as part of a meat packing plant. Now why would this be in a mill? And from there to a large library, book pages strewn across the floor. There were bodies still on the floor here, some bagged, some not. Evie paused at one of the bodies that hadn't been bagged. The glassy eyes stared back up at her through a rivulet of blood from the wound on his forehead. She tilted his head slightly to study the wound on the other side of his forehead. \"Clean shot,\" she muttered. \"Agent Thomas?\" Evie turned away from the body at her feet and stood up. A portly man stood in front of her, his short, graying hair unkempt as if he had been running his hands through it continuously. \"Captain Evans?\" \"I was told you'd be coming by,\" Evans replied, sticking his hand out to her. Evie pulled the glove from her hand and shook his. \"What do we have so far?\" \"Multiple victims as you've seen. Right now we're assuming, hoping I guess, that we're looking for multiple suspects as well. Can't really fathom that one person could have killed all these people. We've got forensics going over this entire building. The shell casings, discarded weapons, hell, even the rat pieces.\" \"Any incendiary devices?\" Evie asked, her eyes gazing around the bookshelves. Evans shrugged. \"Not so far. We've got no idea what could've gone off to cause this big of an explosion.\" \"And the victims up here?\" \"So far as we can tell, and I know this sounds impossible, but only one shot's been fired.\" Evie turned to him, her eyebrows furrowed. \"What do you mean?\" \"The kills were clean. One shot through the temple,\" he replied pointing to the man at their feet. \"In and out. But yet there's no bullet hole in the wall. If a bullet had gone clean through like that it would've been buried in the wall next to him. But there's nothing here. We've found one bullet hole and that one's across the room\" \"Only one?\" Evans looked at her, his eyebrows raised slightly. He seemed to be pondering whether or not she was going to be able to handle this case. \"Yes ma'am. I'm assuming that's why my superiors wanted to hand this case over to you. Apparently it's too weird for us to handle. You've got a reputation for solving impossible cases. Figuring out the weirdest ones that no one else can solve.\" Evie ignored the snide comment and pulled one of the books from the shelves. She inhaled sharply at the contents. \"I'm going to need all of this bagged.\" \"Why?\" \"I don't think this was a just a massacre Captain. This book by itself shows that there have been more killings than what went on here. I think that there's more to these people than meet the eye.\" Evans looked around them. \"That's going to be a lot of bags, Agent Thomas.\" She turned to him again. \"And?\" \"Right,\" Evans said, a tight smile crossing his face. \"I'll get my men right on that.\" \"Thank you Captain.\" Evie turned away from him, accepting an evidence bag from one of the officers and tucking the book in it. She smiled at the woman and thanked her. Evie turned back to the room around her, her eyes scanning every destroyed shelf, every unmarked spine of a book. She had a feeling this was going to be a long case. There were things she needed to check out on her computer. The murders in the books were familiar to her, cases from not too long ago that were never closed. Impossible killings that were never explained. Evie sat in the back of the unmarked police car, flipping through the book she had borrowed from the \"library\". \"Where to Agent Thomas?\" the officer in front seat asked, glancing at her in the rearview mirror. \"My hotel.\" \"You got it.\" Evie barely paid attention as the officer merged into traffic. Minutes later she put the book aside and turned to look out of the window. She watched the people walking down the street, oblivious to what had happened only a few blocks down. From the corner of her eye she saw him. He was curled up on the sidewalk, his back pressed against the wall under an ATM. He was bloodied and bruised, his clothes in tatters. Her head told her he needed help. Her head told her he needed to get to a hospital. But her gut told her he was tied into this case somehow. Her gut told her he was part, if not the cause, of the massacre a few blocks away. She opened her mouth to tell the driver to stop, to turn around, as she twisted in the seat to look behind her. But it was too late. An instant later he was gone. AN: So there you have it. I hope that you enjoyed it. I know it's kind of slow right now, but I promise it'll get better soon! Please read and review if you enjoyed. Hell, even if you didn't. I'd love to hear your thoughts![Chapter 2] AN: Okay. Here's the first chapter and I hope that you guys all like it. I know it's been a couple months since I updated, but Wesley was giving me some problems so I was having issues writing it. But, he gave up being a pain in my ass and I was able to write again. This story, while still trying to stay true to the end of the movie, will play on some lines from when Fox and Wesley were chasing his father. I hope that all still like it and that the chapter lives up to your expectations! Every Day is Exactly the Same Chapter One: The Little Things \" Have you ever thought about doing things . . .differently?\" \" How do you mean?\" \" I don't know. Being somebody else? Someone . . .normal?\" It was the same dream again. Every night the same thing. Hell. Every time he closed his eyes. It was something the he had always wondered. What if they had been 'normal'? What would have happened then? Would they have met under different circumstances? Would anything have been different? But that last shot, that last simple bullet, had answered any questions he could have had about their future. She had been so devoted to the Code that she would follow it until the end even though it ended her life. And yet still the dreams tormented him. Was it guilt? Wesley shook his head, squelching the thought immediately. The Fraternity had knocked any guilty feelings, any emotion, from him in six weeks. But that was over, wasn't it? He led a simple life now, didn't he? \"Wes,\" a voice called. \"Hey, Wesley, man!\" Wesley turned on the barstool, his eyes and ears aware of everything and anything around him, ready to welcome his nice, normal co-workers from his nice, new, everyday normal job. He snorted to himself. Normal. Sure. He was only ever playing at being normal. The phone ringing woke her. The shrill ring coming from her night stand echoed hollowly in her ears. \"Agent Thomas.\" Six words were all that was said. Six words were all she needed. \"I've got another one for you.\" Evie took a sip of the coffee she was cradling in her hands. Damn it was cold. \"Evie, over here,\" the man smirked as he took in her heavy lidded eyes. \"Good morning.\" \"This isn't morning Matt,\" Evie replied once she got close to him. \"This is the ass crack of dawn.\" \"Get to bed late?\" he asked, waggling his eyebrows. \"Working.\" \"Well this one'll wake you up.\" \"What do we have?\" \"Something that appears to be a simple breaking and entering.\" Evie glanced at him through the steam rising from her cup. \"Then why are we here?\" He smiled. \"I said appears . There was nothing stolen from the house. The victim has a panic room in the basement where she was found.\" \"Do we have a name?\" Matt flipped open the file in his hand. \"Saundra Carlisle. Fifty five. Mother of two and a wife to an Anderson Carlisle. The couple owned a clothing chain downtown.\" \"And they own a panic room?\" Matt shrugged. \"Maybe they were paranoid. With good reason apparently.\" Evie nodded to the police officer standing just outside the basement door. They side-stepped other officers gathered in the small basement that had been turned into a well stocked wine cellar, the panic room door pulled open. She could see evidence markers littering the floor; the body had been removed by the coroner already. She followed Matt as he stepped into the room, her eyes scanning everything around her. A single monitor rested against the far wall, the screen flickering between all camera locations in the house. There was food on shelves across from a small bed, enough room and supplies for two people to last several days if needed. A single phone hung on the wall next to the shelves of food. The blood spatter across the wall behind where the body fell; how there was no sign of forced entry on the panic room door. But something didn't add up. \"This is where she was found?\" she asked, pointing at the outline on the floor. \"According to the police report, yes.\" \"And the door was sealed from the inside?\" \"Yes. She was found by her husband when he came home. He noticed the house in disarray and this was the first place he checked.\" Evie stepped around the body outline, careful not to step in the neatly marked blood stain on the floor. She turned to look behind her, glancing at the angle of how the body fell and where the door was. \"Depending on where the door was when she was killed . . .\" she started. Matt nodded, already knowing what his partner was going to say. \"Impossible, right?\" \"Maybe. Depending on where the killer was standing and angle of the door shutting,\" she paused and turned to the flickering monitor behind her. \"Do we have footage?\" \"Forensics is going over the tapes now. Don't know what we'll find though. It could be a couple days until they find anything. Hopefully sooner but forensics isn't promising anything.\" \"Then let's go talk to the husband.\" The computer screen glowed dimly in the light from the fluorescent bulbs above his head. It was noon. It had been three long hours since his shift started and Wesley was bored. Always so bored. His chin rested in the palm of his left hand, his elbow on the desk by his keyboard. His other hand moved the mouse around lazily. A single news headline caught his attention as he started to scroll down. Clothing Store Owner Found Dead in Panic Room He clicked on the link, the article opening up seconds later. Wesley's eyes scanned the page quickly, absorbing every word the journalist had written. Locked from the inside . . . FBI have no leads as of yet . . . no weapon was found at the scene . . . \"Pretty freaky isn't it?\" Wesley looked up to meet the chocolate colored eyes of his co-worker. She worked in the cubicle next to his. Ashley was her name and she was beautiful in her own way; too bad she knew it. Always wearing too tight clothing to emphasis what she had. \"What?\" Ashley gestured to the computer screen. \"That. I mean, wouldn't it be freaky to die in the one place that was supposed to keep you safe? And what did the article say? Something about the way she was killed being almost impossible?\" Wesley's eyes flicked back to the screen. \"Yeah. Impossible.\" \"So anyway,\" Ashley said, changing the subject. \"We're all going to Rowdy's after work. You in?\" Wesley closed the page on his desktop. \"Sure. I'm there.\" \"Do you think the husband's lying?\" Evie shook her head absentmindedly. \"Didn't seem like it. We'll keep him on the list to be on the safe side.\" She flipped a page in the book she was looking through and paused on a page that she had read over so many times during the past year and a half. The book was a reproduction she had taken from the \"library\" of the mill. It had shed little light on that case. A case that was still open. The only one she had never been able to close. The book was snatched from her hands, her partner scanning the writing. \"You always bring your work with you,\" he stated. \"It's not work,\" she replied. \"It's just an-\" \"Obsession?\" he finished. \"Give it up Evie. This case is cold. There's nothing left after the second explosion took the rest of the building out.\" \"Along with every police officer and FBI agent in there,\" Evie retorted. She grabbed the book back. \"You'll have to forgive me if I work on something on my own damn time.\" \"You've been going over that thing with a fine tooth comb ever since I met you. There've been no leads since the massacre first happened.\" \"I saw-\" Matt held up his hand. \"A glimpse of a man out of the corner of your eye doesn't count,\" he pointed at her. \"He could have just been some poor bastard that had the crap kicked out of him and mugged. As a matter of fact, who's to say he ever actually existed?\" He caught her out of the corner of his eyes. Tall, long red hair, nothing but legs. Her eyes seemed to glow every time she stepped out of the light and into the shadows. She stopped in the middle of the dance floor, smiled slyly, and beckoned to him. He slipped off of the barstool and eased into the crowd. His co-workers never even noticed he left. Wesley could tell by the way the woman carried herself that she was dangerous. The way her hips swayed as she walked purposefully toward him and the small, slinky dress that hugged her curves. He stopped in front of her, leaving a few inches between them. She smiled again. She pulled him closer to her, wrapping her hands around the back of his neck and began to slowly move in time with the music. \"No one leaves the Fraternity,\" she whispered into his ear. Wesley felt her hands trail to the front of his throat as she talked, felt the sharp nick of pain as whatever she held in her hands sliced the skin of his throat. His foot kicked out seconds later as he jerked his body back. The woman lost her balance as his foot connected with her ankle. Wesley was gone before she could scramble to her feet. She would follow him, he knew, and he would deal with her outside. \"Fuck,\" he muttered as he wiped the blood off his neck. She shouldn't have been able to get that close. Wesley felt his heart start to pound, could feel as the world around him seemed to slow down. Adrenalin kicked him into high gear. He threw open the side door, rushing out into the cold air. Instant goose-bumps rushed across his skin. Wesley surveyed his surroundings. An alley. Perfect. He grabbed the first thing his hands found. A broken broom handle. Even better. The sound of the bar being pushed on the inside of the door drew his attention behind him. Wesley rushed to the side of the door, blending in with the shadows, the light mounted on the building in front of him barely cast enough light to see by. The door flew open, the woman stepping out quickly. He swung the pole up, connecting it solidly with her forehead. Her body jerked back and then she straightened moments later. God damn they were resilient. But he already knew that. Wesley swung the pole up again, the thick wood connecting with her gut and then her chest. Before he could bring it up again, she lashed out, unsheathing the knife once again. He leaned back, dodging the swing although he felt it scrape the base of his chin and brought the make shift staff up again. The broom stick slammed into her forehead again, the wood splintering at contact. She grunted as her head shot to the side. He was on her before she could gain her bearings, his hand wrapped around the side of her face, his fingers tangled in her hair. He heard the crunch as her skull slammed into the brick building. Wesley stepped back as she slumped to the ground, a trail of blood following her down. This would have been nauseating to him a little over a year ago, he mused. He could feel his heart slowing down; the adrenaline slowly wearing off. He wiped the thin trails of blood from his chin and throat with the edge of his shirt and tucked it back in once he was sure it had stopped. Wesley smoothed his shirt, ran a hand through his already disheveled hair and stepped over the prone body of the woman and then opened the door. The roar of the music and the crowd from the bar assaulted his senses the moment he stepped inside. He made his way through the crowd to his co-workers next to the bar. Adam raised his glass in greeting. \"Wesley!\" he yelled. \"Where'd you go man?\" \"Had to go to the bathroom,\" Wesley shouted back. \"With the hot red head that chased after you?\" Wesley grinned into the glass that was set in front of him. He didn't reply; merely shrugged his shoulders as if something like that happened every day. \"So what exactly are you trying to show us?\" \"Just be patient Agent Simonson,\" Zack, the tech, replied. \"It's about a minute thirty into the video.\" Zack had called an hour before, telling them he had found something on the security tape from the Carlisle's house. Evie had been sleeping, or trying to at least. It hadn't been easy this past year. \"Okay. Here it is,\" Zack said. Evie squinted at the footage on the screen. She could see the terrified woman run through the panic room door, turning around quickly to punch in the code to lock the door behind her. A single person- medium height, slim build, dark hair. Male. Evie thought- stepped into the line of the camera, their back to the lens. They stopped before moving too far, making an angry gesture. The victim shook her head ferociously. Before the door could shut, before anything else could happen, the killer swung their arm out in an arc, firing the gun midway through the curve. With almost disbelieving eyes, despite everything that she had seen before, Evie watched the bullet fly through the air, curving easily around the closing door and striking the woman in the temple. Matt was the first to speak. \"Holy fuck.\"[Chapter 3] Every Day is Exactly the Same Chapter Two: Old Habits Die Hard \"How the hell is that even possible?\" Evie glanced up from the computer screen. \"Are you still on that?\" Matt was staring up at the ceiling from his desk, the back of his neck resting on the edge of his chair. \"It fuckin' curved, Evie. How does that even happen?\" Evie didn't respond at first. \"I don't know.\" Matt sat up, leaning his arms on the desk. He watched her for a moment before responding. \"But?\" She looked at him again. \"What?\" \"There was a 'but' at the end of that sentence.\" Evie paused, contemplating how she wanted to answer. \"I think we should open the Mill case back up.\" Matt groaned and rubbed his face with one hand. He should have known she was going to say that. She was like a fucking pit bull: she didn't let go of something once she had her teeth in it. \"I already told you its cold. Let it drop.\" \"You don't get it Matt,\" she said, irritation bubbling in her voice. \"There were a dozen or more bodies in the library of that building but no bullet holes in the walls. Nothing to show that any more than one bullet was fired in that room.\" \"I think you've lost your mind,\" he stated bluntly. Evie just shook her head. \"The victims were laid out like dominoes Matt. Each one with a single bullet hole through both temples; one entry wound and one exit wound. If you can explain that to me I'll drop it.\" Matt just stared at her, not sure how to reply. Evie flipped over a piece of paper on her desk and drew a circle on it followed by little x's scattered around the inside edges. She scooted it towards him. \"This was the room Matt,\" she stated and pointed at every x in turn. \"And these mark where every body was found. If you can explain to me how one bullet went through each victim's head without stopping then I'll forget all about it.\" Matt's eyes scanned the page slowly, his gaze taking in each small mark. Finally he shook his head. \"And how would you explain it?\" One side of Evie's lips twitched. \"They curved it.\" The room was cold. Why did he always keep it so cold? Wesley shut the front door of his apartment. Out of habit his eyes scanned every inch of the sparsely decorated room, looking for any sign of intrusion. Nothing. Not even a curtain out of place. He pulled off the sweat stained shirt and tossed it aside as he made his way to the even smaller bathroom. The cold air felt good against his hot skin, the sweat feeling like ice in mere seconds. But it felt good. Nothing like a cold room after a long workout. He had just stepped out of the shower when he heard the pounding on the front door. Wesley pulled on his pants and left the bathroom, pausing in the little hallway as he decided what to do. He grabbed a small knife from his kitchen counter after a short internal debate and made his way to the front door. A second pounding sounded just as he made it to the door. Wesley steeled himself for any attack coming from outside of his apartment. Everything save for what was actually waiting for him. \"Wes! Man, you are home. Sorry about this. I got your address from the employee file at work.\" Wesley's jaw unclenched slowly and he slid the knife into the waist band of his pants in one smooth motion. Adam never even noticed; never even knew how close he had come to having a knife plunged into the side of his throat. \"So we're planning a guy's night out. Avery's getting married in a week as I'm sure you remember,\" Adam continued, his eyes scanning over Wesley's shoulder. \"Damn, your place is empty. Where do you sleep?\" Wesley stepped back slightly, pulling the door with him. \"You want to come in?\" Adam grinned. \"Sure. Anyway, as I was saying earlier, we're taking Avery out. Sort of like an unofficial bachelor party,\" he said, plopping into the single chair in the room. \"Hit a couple bars. Maybe pick up a couple women. At least for the men who aren't getting tied down. So what do you think? You in?\" Wesley considered the man sitting in front of him. He was hard to figure out sometimes. All Wesley could figure out about him was that he seemed to honestly want to be his friend. And that was not something he was used to. They always wanted something in return. His last best friend had only wanted to fuck his girlfriend. And Fox . . . her friendship turned out to only be for making him into the best killer possible so he could take out his father. Finally he shrugged and sat down on the couch facing Adam. \"Sure. Why not.\" Adam's face cracked with a wide smile. \"Here are all of the files you were looking for,\" Amanda said, dropping a box on Evie's desk with a heavy thud. \"Everything from the Mill killing a year and a half ago.\" \"Thank you Amanda,\" Evie said distractedly. \"Not a problem,\" she replied, but made no effort to move. Evie sighed. \"What is it?\" Amanda tucked her hands into the pockets of her pants. \"I just-\" she paused. \"I know we haven't talked in ages, but I was wondering if you wanted to go out with a couple of other girls tonight.\" Evie opened her mouth to automatically say no when Amanda cut her off. \"You owe me for blowing me off a year ago. I realize you love your work but you have to take a night off every now and then.\" \"I've got a lot of work to do, Amanda.\" Amanda widened her eyes and stuck out her lower lip, giving her best sad puppy dog impression. Evie suppressed a laugh. \"It's only one bar. Just a couple of drinks, then you can go back to your paperwork and your exciting life.\" Evie sighed again. \"Okay. But I'm not promising anything. Just tell me where to meet.\" \"It's a place called Rowdy's. Great drinks and hot bartenders. What more could a girl ask for?\" Evie laughed at that as Amanda walked away. The music pounded in Evie's ears as she stepped into the bar. Dancer's littered the center of the floor, moving with each other to 3rd Strike's \"Strung Out\". Evie found her head moving in time to the music. God it had been so long since she'd done something other than sleep and work. As much as she didn't want to admit it, it felt good to get out. Maybe tonight wasn't such a bad idea. Her name being called out drew her attention to a table just off the dance floor. Amanda had her arm raised in greeting. Evie made her way across the floor, squeezing past couples and pardoning her way around groups. A man caught her attention from the corner of her eye. Striking blue eyes under a mop of dark hair. His blue shirt was unbuttoned at the top, leaving just the top of his chest visible. He was surveying the place from his table, a half-hearted smile across his lips. Her eyes caught his for a moment as she watched him. He seemed familiar . . . Evie shook her head and dismissed him. She was not working tonight. She jerked back slightly as a drink was thrust in her face. On reflex she grabbed the drink and pulled it down, then smiled at Amanda. \"You came! You have no idea how fantastic that is,\" Amanda shouted over the music. \"It's about time you did something other than work.\" Evie simply smiled in response and sat at the table, exchanging greetings with the other women there. He had seen her as she was gazing around the bar. Long, midnight black hair tied back in a simple twist falling to the middle of her shoulder blades. Her white shirt wrapped around the base of her neck and fell to the small of her back showing smooth, pale skin. Loose black pants graced long legs. Simple black high heeled sandals were tied to her feet. Wesley's eyes followed her for a moment as she crossed the floor, almost elegant in her movements. She knew how to take care of herself; that he could tell just by the way she moved. Her eyes caught his for a moment and he saw the flash of neon highlight a look of recognition in her hazel eyes. His muscles tensed in response to the look. He feigned a smile at a comment one of his companions said, but continued to watch the woman. Wesley relaxed as she finally turned away, dismissing him with a turn of her head. A man standing across the room caught his attention next. He was standing nonchalantly with his hands in his pockets, dressed in a pressed suit, completely out of place from the crowd around him. Wesley met his gaze and felt his muscles tighten again as the man nodded in acknowledgment and then turned away, merging into the crowd. Wesley made his excuses to his companions and then darted through the crowd, not even waiting for a response to his hurried goodbyes. He slammed through the glass entrance, startling a couple standing there, and jumped down the steps. The man was making no move to hide. He stood down the street, just as calmly as he had in the bar. He turned away the moment he caught Wesley's gaze and bolted down the street. Wesley followed, pushing past people walking and jumping over obstacles in his way. The man bolted across the street after they had been running a few blocks. Cars honked and slammed on their breaks as the man ran in front of them. Wesley paused on the sidewalk, knowing the man was leading him into a trap. But if he didn't follow he also knew they would keep coming after him. The woman the other night was proof of that. Without a second thought, Wesley ran into the street, dodging around cars and jumping over others until he reached the other sidewalk. His heart pounded in his chest as he searched the street. Shit. He'd lost him. A shrill whistle drew his gaze up into an empty building in the middle of being remodeled. Shit. The man jerked his head up again and turned away from the window. Three floors up. Damn they weren't making this easy. Wesley tore through the rotted door. He made his way through the room to the stairs, jumping quickly up them, careful of any that looked damaged. The door to the third floor was missing completely. Wesley stopped outside of the door, pressing himself against the wall and tilted his head slightly to gaze into the room. The man stood in the middle of the room, staring directly at Wesley, knowing he was there. Wesley entered the room, his eyes still scanning every dark corner, every shadow, for movement. He stopped a few feet from the other man, relaxed, but ready for anything. After a few moments of silent staring, Wesley spoke. \"What are you waiting for?\" The man's eyebrows rose. \"If we had wanted you dead you, would be,\" he said, a light Russian accent layering his words. Wesley paused, his eyes flicking around the dark room. \"We?\" Slowly and silently three more people emerged from the shadows surrounding him. Wesley allowed his feet to slide apart; shifting into a slight defensive stance. They were clearly Fraternity trained. No one could have gotten that close to him otherwise. The man's lips quirked. \"Hard to fight the training isn't it? I suppose they did make you the best.\" \"Who are you?\" \"I told you there is no need to be defensive. We are not here to harm you.\" Wesley's eyes narrowed. \"You're Fraternity,\" he stated. The man shrugged. \"We were.\" \"Were.\" \"We are here to join you; to help you.\" Wesley felt incredulous laughter bubble up in his chest. \"Help me? Why should I trust you?\" The man's face grew serious. \"We were friends of your father's.\" AN: And there it is. The second (well third if you count the prologue) chapter of EDiEtS. I've introduced some new characters and plot lines that I will be bringing back from time to time. Some of them will be important and others won't, but we'll just have to wait and see who is who won't we? I hope you enjoyed![Chapter 4] Every Day is Exactly the Same Chapter Three: Clues Evie was running as fast as she damn well could. She had lost Matt a few blocks back. Whether he had gone a different way or just fell behind, she wasn't sure. The man she was chasing, however, she could see just fine. No matter how many obstacles he threw in her way she would not lose him. She needed the little bastard. He dodged down an alley, Evie following close behind. She kicked off with her feet, taking one last lunge at him. If she missed. . . Evie's right shoulder connected with the middle of his back, her arms wrapped around his body quickly. He tumbled to the ground and they both skidded across the dirt covered pavement. Evie grunted as she felt the cement bite into the skin of her arm. God, that wasn't going to look pretty later. Her prey elbowed her in the ribs and scurried from her grasp as her grip loosened. He looked just like the rodent he was named after. Evie pushed her foot under her and kicked to her feet. She shot after the perp again, ignoring the stinging pain in her arm. \"You son of a bitch,\" she spat. \"I swear to God if you don't stop I'll hurt you worse than I was going to.\" He shot a frantic look over his shoulder but didn't stop. With a frustrated grunt she lunged at him again. Their momentum as she hit him threw them into the cement wall of the building next to them. She pressed her uninjured forearm into the back of his neck, her other hand holding onto his arm in a death grip. Evie could hear him whimpering as the brick cut into his cheek. She almost felt sorry for him. Almost. \"Shut up, you pain in my ass,\" she spat. \"I told you I only wanted to talk to you.\" \"Then why did you chase me?\" he answered, his voice muffled by the wall. \"Because you ran!\" \"I only ran because I thought you were going to hurt me!\" Evie rolled her eyes. \"When have I ever hurt you?\" \"Well-\" \"Besides right now Mouse,\" she interjected. \"When we first met-\" \"You drew a gun on me. That I claim as self defense. But after that we cut a deal didn't we? I let you go and only bother you when I need something.\" Mouse didn't respond. He was watching her from the corner of the only eye he could see her from. \"Then let me go now,\" he muttered, his words stifled by the cement. Evie considered him for a moment. He was a chicken, sure, but she didn't think he would try anything else. Pressing her forearm one more time into the back of his neck, she stepped back. She glanced down at her wounded arm, allowing her stance to relax. Evie allowed him the hope that she wouldn't hurt him again, all while knowing that she would plant a boot in his gut if he tried to run again. Mouse pushed himself around, leaning his back against the wall and reaching up to tenderly touch his abused cheek. \"What do you want Agent Thomas?\" he asked begrudgingly. \"Information on the Carlisle killing,\" she replied, glaring into his beady eyes. \"Don't know nothin'.\" He answered automatically. \"Mouse,\" she started, a tone of warning in her voice. \"I don't!\" he cried, panicked, his arms going in front of him as if to protect himself from her onslaught. \"Honest! I don't know anything!\" \"Then why don't I believe you?\" \"You don't believe nobody.\" Evie stared at him for a moment, blinking, and then shrugged. \"I'll give you that. But,\" she stepped closer, \"I do need information on the Carlisle killing.\" \"I told you-\" \"Then find something out. Anything. Nothing goes down in this city that you can't find out.\" Mouse smiled sheepishly. \"That's true,\" he replied. Evie knew he was giving himself a mental pat on the back. \"Fine. Alright. I'll try to find something out. I can't guarantee anything, but I'll do what I can.\" Evie smiled. \"Good. While you're looking into that, see if you can find any connection with the Mill killings as well.\" Mouse's gaze snapped to hers. \"What else would I be able to find out about that?\" Her smile grew tight. \"Whatever you can.\" Mouse stared at her for a moment more and then bolted to his right. Evie didn't even watch him go, paying more attention to the wound on her arm. She knew he wouldn't try to do anything more. He really was like the rodent he was named after. He ran until someone caught him and then was too scared to anything else. Evie was pretty sure he would have buried his head in the pavement he if could have dug a hole in it. She looked up as she heard footsteps reach the mouth to the alley. Matt crouched there, hunched over, his hands on his knees. He was breathing hard. Running was definitely not his forte. \"You okay?\" she asked. \"Yeah. Fine,\" he panted. Matt stood as she made her way up to him. She patted him on the stomach. \"Are you getting a belly?\" Matt swatted her hand away. \"Oh shut up. I'm so sorry if long distance running is not my thing. I wasn't the high school track team superstar.\" \"I was far from a superstar,\" Evie said. \"Whatever,\" Matt replied, walking beside her. \"Did you at least catch him? I didn't risk my lungs for nothing, did I?\" \"No. I caught him.\" Matt watched her for a moment, waiting. Finally he said, \"And?\" \"He didn't have anything. He'll be looking into it.\" \"Do you think he'll find anything?\" Evie shrugged. \"He hasn't let me down yet.\" \"We were friends of your father's.\" Wesley blinked as the words came unbidden into his mind. He had tried not to think about the group of people that had showed up three nights before. And whether he believed them or not was another question. He couldn't trust anyone. Anyone could be Fraternity. He moved quietly up the stairs to his apartment, the setting sun behind him casting his shadow against the pale, mold colored walls. The last stair he stepped over. It always creaked. He wouldn't be surprised if it gave out one day. Wesley knew something was wrong the moment he got near his door. There was no outward disturbance; nothing to give a reason for his uneasiness. But he knew. He felt it. His door knob turned slightly, it was loose, unlocked. Finally he pushed the door open. The door swung open slowly, Wesley braced himself for any impact that came at him. A hand pushed through doorway, grabbed his arm and pulled him into the room. Wesley rolled with the punch, using his weight against his opponent. The bastard would not get the best of him. His hit was blocked by a forearm. \"Relax Mr. Gibson. Once again I am not here to hurt you.\" Wesley pulled back, his body still in a defensive stance. \"What are you doing here?\" The man spread his hands out in appeasement. \"I merely wanted to-\" \"What? Talk?\" \"After everything we told you the other night, one would think you would believe us.\" Wesley shut his door, taking one cursory glance outside before hand. \"Would you believe me if I just showed up on your doorstep and told you that I wanted you to destroy a world wide assassination ring?\" Wesley walked past him to the small kitchen. He turned slightly to the other man. \"Drink, Mr. Caius?\" \"Lucien, please,\" he corrected. Wesley merely looked over at him. \"No, thank you,\" Lucien finally replied. \"What do you want?\" Wesley asked, grabbing a drink from his fridge. \"The Fraternity betrayed us just like you Wesley,\" Lucien stated. \"Your father was the only one who saw through Sloan's ruse. He would have killed us all if your father had not formed our group.\" Wesley stared at him over his drink. \"And what do you expect me to do? The Fraternity cell here is destroyed. Sloan is dead. I put a bullet in half of them myself.\" Lucien's lips turned up in a smile. \"That is why we came to you. Cross sought to destroy all of the Fraternity. You succeeded where he did not.\" \"Because I killed him!\" Lucien held up a placating hand. \"Without knowing who he really was. Sloan tricked you. The Fraternity screwed you over,\" he replied, his gaze steely. \"Fox was correct when she told you that you were the only one Cross would never kill.\" Lucien sighed. \"If Cross had been able to get to you first; if you had been able to learn the truth, none of that would have ever happened. The Fraternity would have been destroyed,\" his eyes grew distant. \"The two of you together would have been . . . magnificent. \"We need to have you on our side Wesley, to finish what your father started.\" \"And if I say no?\" Lucien sat down, as graceful as a lion, his hands resting on the chair, seemingly relaxed. Wesley knew better. \"Think of what I am offering you. If you help us you will never have to hide again. You will no longer be a hunted man.\" \"I'm not worried about being hunted.\" \"You should be. There can always be someone stronger than you; faster than you. You will not always come out the victor.\" \"And I'll deal with that when the time comes.\" Lucien watched him. He was every bit as cocky as his father. \"We need your help on this Wesley. Whether you realize it or not; whether you want to admit it or not, we need you. You can live a normal life.\" Wesley's eyes grew distant. Being someone else? Someone normal? He could never be normal again. \"You should really be more careful Agent Thomas.\" Evie's lips quirked. \"Oh you've got that tone again.\" \"This is the third time in two months that I've had to bandage you up. You know, there are agents that spend their entire career never getting injured, or at least go more than two months.\" Evie sighed. \"Other agents just aren't as lucky as I am, I guess.\" \"Evangeline-\" Evie winced at the use of her full name. \"Don't. Don't start.\" \"I just think you need to be more careful. Next time you might not be lucky.\" \"Dr. Carter-Daniel-I'll be fine. You know that.\" Daniel finished wrapping the bandage on her arm. \"I just worry and you know it. I promised your father when he died that I would watch out for you,\" he turned to throw away the gloves he had been wearing and the alcohol pads. \"I don't want to see you killed.\" Evie jumped down from the table. She patted the older man on the shoulder in comfort. \"I'll be fine, Daniel,\" she reiterated. She held up her newly bandaged arm. \"This was just a mishap. Mistimed a jump, that's all.\" Daniel looked over at her. Finally a smile crossed his face. \"Did you at least catch him?\" She chuckled. \"Of course.\" He nodded. \"I'm not condoning you injuring yourself for that.\" Evie pulled him into a hug. \"Of course not. It was good seeing you again,\" she pushed away and held up her arm. \"Thanks again for this.\" \"You're welcome as always. Say hello to your mother for me.\" A tight smile pulled at her lips. \"I will.\" So far, as near as he could tell, there were five hundred and thirty three holes in the tile above him. Matt had hit a wall in the investigation he was working on. He had gone over the video countless times, gone over the husband's answers, but still could not come up with any conclusions. They had a base description of the killer. No facial features were ever seen, the bastard was able to hide himself everywhere save for that one shot where he was seen from behind. He was waiting for Evie to get back from the doctor's and he was going crazy. Matt never realized how much easier this was when Evie was here. He didn't feel like bantering with himself on this. He needed her to toss ideas around with. She always thought outside of the box. Add to that her complete obsession with the Mill killing. Everything always led back to that case. \"Hey Matt! There's someone here to see you!\" Matt jerked up in his seat. He looked over to the man who called him. A tiny man stood next to the agent. Mouse. He jerked his head up, giving the agent permission to send him over. \"Is Agent Thomas here?\" Mouse asked as soon as he was at the desk, his eyes searching the room. \"I need to talk to her.\" Matt gestured to the seat next to him. Mouse shook his head. \"She's not here. Had an appointment to keep.\" Mouse scratched his head. \"Do you know when she'll be back? I-I need to talk to her.\" \"Don't know. It could be any time.\" \"Would you just, um, give her a message for me then?\" Mouse simpered. Matt nodded. \"What is it?\" Mouse's eyes shifted back and forth, he wrung his hands nervously. \"Jus- just tell her 'The Fraternity'.\" AN: So another chapter down. Hope all of you like it. The muse has decided to stay for awhile so I shouldn't have any problems for awhile. I hope that you enjoyed the chapter! Let me know what you think![Chapter 5] Every Day is Exactly the Same Chapter Four: I Know You Evie was sitting on her couch, her feet propped up on her coffee table. The copied pages of the book from the mill library were resting against her pajama clad legs. She had scoured every inch of every page since she had found it. There couldn't possibly be anything she had missed in it but still she searched. There had to be something. There had to be something that she had missed. Evie took a bite of the ice cream melting on her spoon. A newscast droned on from the TV in the background, something she really wasn't paying that much attention to. The Fraternity, that was what Mouse had said. But what the hell was the Fraternity? There had been nothing in the FBI databases about something, some group, called the Fraternity. But that wasn't going to stop her. No matter what, Evie was going to find out what he meant. A knock on her door pulled Evie from the book. The spoon still in her mouth, she looked up. It was well after midnight. She wasn't expecting anyone. Evie walked cautiously towards the now silent front door. She rolled her eyes as she peered through the peephole. \"Yes, Matt,\" she sighed as she opened the door. His eyes roved over her for a moment, taking in her messily pulled up hair, the long flannel pajama pants and spaghetti strap shirt, \"It's just a flesh wound\" printed on the shirt and pants. To his credit, Matt refrained from laughing aloud. He grinned instead. \"Cute.\" \"I hope this is important.\" \"Would I bother you for any other reason?\" Evie stared at him for a moment. He grinned wider and held up a bag of Dunkin Donuts. A smile tugged at the corner of her lips as she stepped aside to allow him entry to her home. Matt walked in and paused only when she turned to close the door. His smile faltered slightly as he stared at her. A bullet wound marked her right shoulder, the scar pale in comparison to the rest of her skin. A jagged scar traced its way across the inside of Evie's left bicep. The bandage from that morning was still wrapped tightly around her right forearm. The one scar, however, that always drew his eyes was the one in between her shoulder blades. It was her newest save for the one on her arm, he knew that much. The scar was from right before he had become her partner. Her old partner, God rest his soul, had been killed in an undercover operation. The case had gone bad, their cover had been blown. Evie's partner had been shot and killed instantly. One of the perps had snuck up behind her and stabbed her with a six inch knife, nearly missing her spine but puncturing her right lung. It had been months of recovery and even longer before she had been put back on active duty. It was after that that Evie had been assigned the Mill case and then only six months after that he was told to become her partner. And it was . . . interesting to say the least. Never a dull moment with the one agent who always wanted the creepy and unsolvable cases. Evie started as she turned around. She hadn't been expecting Matt to still be standing there. \"Did you forget where the living room was?\" Matt's smile came back full force. \"Of course not. I was just so stunned by your awesome pajama clad beauty I couldn't move.\" Evie rolled her eyes again and shoved him into the living room. \"Shut it.\" She plopped down on the couch, once again placing her feet on the edge of the table. She reached for the ice cream box but frowned into it when she found all of it was mush. Matt took the cup slowly and replaced it with a soft, chocolate covered donut. \"Sprinkles.\" \"Just the way you like it.\" Evie bit into it gratefully. \"What did you want, Matt?\" she asked around a mouthful of donut. \"I was going over the Mill files, just like you said.\" \"Uh huh.\" He was watching her slowly eat the soft dough. It was as if she was savoring each bite, not wanting to eat it too fast. Her eyes snapped to his. \"What?\" Matt grinned. \"You remind me of a chipmunk,\" he replied. \"I'm waiting for you to store the extra food in your cheeks for winter.\" Evie glared over at him. \"So what'd you come here for?\" she asked. And then almost as an afterthought, \"Besides donuts.\" \"You're gonna love this,\" Matt replied as he plopped down onto the couch beside her. \"You know that there were fingerprints found on all of the weapons found in the Mill and that, from what they could tell, all the prints were found to belong to the victims. But, apparently there was a smudged fingerprint found on one of the guns. Only problem is, is that they shut the case down before anyone had a chance to do anything with it.\" Evie had stilled in mid-chew as he was talking. Slowly, she turned to him. \"What do you mean?\" \"I mean,\" Matt stated, shoving the file he was holding into her hands, \"that we have a break in the case.\" Evie stared at him for a few moments more before finally looking down at the folder in her hands. She was almost afraid to open it, but she wasn't sure why. This was something she had waited for for two years, wasn't it? This was the answer to most, if not all, of her questions. Finally she flipped open the folder to stare down at the picture on top. The hand of a gun stared back at her, a single circle surrounding the print Matt had told her about. Evie scrutinized the photo before flipping to the next page. A lab sheet followed the photo, filled with words that she skimmed over. The next page had another photo attached. A photo obviously taken from a driver's license. Shocking blue eyes stared up at her from beneath a mop of dark hair. He wasn't smiling. It looked more like a mug shot than anything else. Beneath the photo was an entire background check for a Wesley Gibson. \"It can't be this easy,\" she whispered. \"Oh, it's not,\" Matt answered, making Evie jump. She'd forgotten he was there. \"Mr. Gibson here was last seen four weeks before the Mill shootout and hasn't been seen since. No one knows where he went or what happened to him. We do know that right before he disappeared he was also wanted for a shooting in a local grocery store. He went to work the next day and then was gone.\" \"Then is a name all we have to go on?\" Matt shook his head. \"We have his last knowns. Got a listing for his last job and last residence.\" \"Any family?\" Evie asked, her eyes straying once more to the photo. She couldn't shake the feeling that she had seen him somewhere before. \"Mother died a couple years ago. Apparently the father was never in the picture and there were no siblings.\" \"So all we have to go on is a name and former job?\" Matt grinned. \"Hey, at least it's more than we had a couple days ago.\" Wolff watched. His target led such an ordinarily boring life. Jog in the morning, work all day, an occasional drink with the people from work and then home. Why would he do such mundane things when he could do the things that Wolff knew he could do? If he hadn't known any better Wolff would have thought this man was a nothing. After all, that was how he acted. If Wolff hadn't seen him take out three Fraternity members with his own eyes, he would never have thought that this man was capable of anything more than typing on a keyboard. The Fraternity wanted him out of the way. He had destroyed too many of them to let live. Wesley Gibson had to die. Andre Hicks ran through the building. He was the last one there; he always was. Working late just got work done quicker. The hallways were quiet, dead, deserted. The entire building would be that way this late at night. He was being followed, that was why he was running. Andre saw the shadow moving out of the corner of his eyes and every time he moved. Maybe it was the fact that it was so late, and that the building had been empty for nearly three hours, that had him frightened. Or maybe it was due to the fact that he thought he knew who was coming for him. But why they would be gunning for him now, he couldn't be sure. After all, he was still paying. Andre had just convinced himself that no one was there, that no one was after him, when he heard the soft thud on the roof of the elevator. He looked up, startled. The next time anyone saw Andre Hicks was when the elevator hit the bottom floor the next morning. His eyes were open, lying on his back with his arms splayed out and legs buckled under him, a single bullet hole in the middle of his forehead. \"How could I have even missed this?\" \"Don't beat yourself up over it. They shut it down before you really had a chance to look everything over anyway.\" \"But a fingerprint, Matt? That's not something easily missed,\" she said. Matt shrugged. He pulled the door to the office building open for her. \"I guess it's just a good thing you have me for a partner.\" Evie smacked his arm as she walked by him, thanking him as she entered the building. \"And who are we meeting again?\" \"He used to work here. Apparently he left in a very memorable way.\" \"So his old floor manager?\" Matt nodded. \"You know, I've heard of postal workers going insane, but office workers? If that's the case maybe we're due sometime soon.\" Evie chuckled. \"I think you have a different type of insanity Matt.\" \"Excuse me? Can I help you?\" Evie and Matt turned to the receptionist sitting behind the large brown desk, an earpiece in her right ear, big brown eyes hidden behind thick glasses. \"Yes, thank you,\" Evie responded. \"We're here to see-\" she paused to look at the name in her folder. \"Janice Crichton.\" The receptionist flinched slightly and then smiled. \"Of course. Just go down that hall, take a left and ride the elevator up to level three. She should be in her office. Just ask Terry when you get there. He'll let her know you're here.\" Evie gave a small smile. \"Thank you.\" \"Did you see the look on that receptionist's face?\" Matt asked once they were out of earshot. \"I don't think she likes Janice. I'm not sure if it was hatred or fear.\" The elevator dinged as it reached the third floor. The quiet noise of the office hit them as the door opened. A thirty-ish man sat behind a desk right in front of the elevator, his black hair slicked back. An overweight red headed woman was standing over his shoulder. She wore an angry look on her face, her small eyes narrowed as he typed. The man looked up as they exited the elevator. \"Hello there,\" he said, his eyes roaming up and down at Evie. \"Can I help you?\" \"We're here to see Janice Crichton.\" Evie replied for the second time in ten minutes. The woman stood up straight as Evie spoke. The man simply turned his head to look behind him. \"How can I help you?\" the woman asked. \"Miss Crichton?\" \"Yes?\" Evie pulled her badge from her belt and flipped it open. \"I'm Special Agent Evie Thomas, this is my partner Agent Matt Simonson. Do you mind if we have a word with you?\" The man, Terry, Evie assumed, was looking back and forth as they spoke. His eyebrows were arched in curiosity. \"What's this about?\" \"We'd rather talk to you in private, Miss Crichton,\" Matt answered Janice paled but nodded. \"Of course. If you'll just follow me to my office we'll talk there.\" Evie followed Janice down the narrow aisle between cubicles, Matt walking next to her. \"I can picture a couple ways he wanted to help you,\" Matt said quietly. \"Bite me.\" Matt smirked. The workers behind the desks glanced up discreetly as they walked by; most of them looked at them from the corner of their eyes. Evie studied them. Some people had pictures tacked to their cork boards. Most had notes pertaining to work and nothing else. All of them looked down quickly if Janice turned their way. Janice opened the door to a small glassed in office, letting them in first before entering herself and shutting the door. She sat behind the desk, gesturing for Evie and Matt to take the chairs in front of her. \"So what can I do for you?\" \"We are in the middle of a murder investigation and believe that one of your former employees might have been involved.\" Matt answered. Janice sat up straighter in her hard backed chair. \"A murder? One of our employees?\" \"A former employee, Miss Crichton,\" Evie responded. \"Perhaps you remember him? Wesley Gibson?\" she fished a picture from the folder and slid it across the desk to her. Janice didn't even look down at the photo. Her expression turned to one of slight anger. \"I remember him,\" she stated simply. Matt looked at Evie. \"Anything else you can tell us?\" he prompted. \"Poor worker,\" Janice stated. \"Always so slow. I had to stay on him to get him to do his job. He was always taking these pills to calm his anxiety or stress or whatever. He had a constant supply in his desk.\" \"But he never had any mental health issues?\" Evie asked. \"No violent tendencies?\" Janice's eyes shot to Evie's. \"Not at first. The last day he was here he seemed to just have a mental breakdown. He yelled at me, broke my stapler and hit another employee with a keyboard. He stormed out of the building after that and I never saw him again.\" Evie blinked. \"He hit another employee with a keyboard?\" \"Yes,\" Janice replied, nodding. \"Just walked by him and broke the keyboard over his jaw.\" \"Is that employee still here?\" \"No. He left a couple months ago. We might still have footage of it though. The company likes to keep record of any time employees have an accident or altercations with one another.\" \"Could we get a copy of that?\" \"Of course, let me call security.\" The phone buzzing against her hip drew Evie's attention away. \"Excuse me for a moment,\" she muttered. \"Thomas.\" \"Security should have the tapes up in a couple minutes,\" Janice told them after she hung up the phone. Evie tucked her phone back into its case, tugging her jacket back into place. \"Matt,\" she said. \"We've got another one.\" \"The office manager of the building found him first thing this morning. The elevator opened, she happened to be looking down.\" \"We got a name?\" Matt asked as he knelt next to the victim. \"No ID on the body,\" the officer replied, \"but the manager positively identified him as Andre Hicks. Apparently he likes to work late. No one else was here when it happened.\" Evie glanced around. \"Not even security?\" The officer shrugged. \"From what Ms. Freighton, the manager, said, they don't have any. Security leaves the same time the worker's do. It's a small business.\" \"Not even cameras?\" \"Elevator has a camera. We've already contacted the company to get a hold of the tapes.\" Evie nodded, her eyes wandering over the walls of the elevator. They stayed for a moment on the screened in camera and then moved on. \"Excuse me agents,\" the officer called. \"Coroner's here for the body.\" Evie and Matt moved aside. \"Of course.\" Matt watched as the coroners made the body ready. There was something about the way the body was positioned, the way he had fallen. His knees were bent at such an odd angle. On a hunch, he leaned into the bloody elevator and craned his neck to look up. His eyes scoured the ceiling, looking for anything. \"What if,\" he started, \"Mr. Hicks was looking up when he was killed?\" Evie turned to him, her eyebrows furrowed. \"Up?\" \"Look at his neck,\" he said. \"It's bent back. His knees are bent out as if he collapsed down when he was shot, not fell back.\" Evie looked over his shoulder, gazing at the way the body was laying, the way the neck was bent. \"Maybe. We'll have to get the M.E. to verify.\" \"I think we need to check the ceiling for bullet holes. If I'm right, Mr. Hicks heard it coming.\" \"We'll have forensics go over it. Come on. Let's go talk to the manager. See what else she can tell us about Mr. Hicks. Maybe we can finally get a break.\" Well that was a big load of nothing, Matt thought, staring at the computer screen in front of him. Maybe Evie was right. Even though they had a name, and a suspect for the Mill killings and possibly these new murders, they still had nothing. Just having a name was nothing to go on. Especially not when said suspect had been missing for almost two years now. Zack already had the security footage from the elevator and the office company. Hopefully he would get something soon. \"Where to from here partner?\" He heard Evie ask. Matt swallowed the mouthful of coffee he had just taken. \"Home, I think. I think I need home. It's been a long ass day and I'm ready for it to be over.\" She nodded. \"I think I'll go by and visit the old girlfriend. See what she knows.\" Matt looked at her through his caffeine daze. \"I'll go with you.\" Evie pulled her jacket over her arms and gave him a small smile. \"Don't worry about it Matt. You go home and rest, I'll be fine. I can take care of myself.\" Matt grabbed hold of her right arm and lifted it slightly. \"I can see that.\" Evie pulled away. \"Please, Matt. Just go home.\" She patted his shoulder. \"Go home and rest. I'm sure Caroline is worried about you. Besides, you look like hell.\" She began to walk away when he called out. \"Don't stay out too long, my dear.\" Evie waved over her shoulder. \"Thanks Mom.\" All it had taken was a flash of her badge to get the girl to open her door. And all it had taken was one look at the picture of Wesley Gibson, one mention of his name, to make to girl go off on a rant about a no-good ex-boyfriend who disappeared and left her to cover rent by herself. Even though she tried not to judge any person that dealt with a case, Evie couldn't help completely understanding the reason Wesley would want to disappear from this woman. Kind of whiny, she was. And a bit of a bitch. Evie could even see the reason Wesley would have wanted to attack the blonde moron sitting in front of her as well. He'd been staring lewdly at her since she stepped into the apartment, a stupid half grin never leaving his lips. \"I haven't seen Wesley since he and that whore came in here. He pushes in, assaults Barry and goes into the bathroom. Next thing I know he comes out and starts making out with some brown headed chick. Then they leave.\" \"Can you give me a description of her?\" Cathy shrugged. \"Tall. Long brown hair, high cheekbones. She had tattoos on both hands. Couldn't get much more out of that. She didn't talk or anything.\" \"She was hot.\" Barry added. \"Barry!\" Cathy exclaimed, her voice rising to a high pitch. She smacked him on the shoulder. \"What? It's true.\" \"Do you have any idea what Mr. Gibson did while he was in the bathroom?\" Evie asked, jotting down the brief description Cathy was able to give her. Cathy scoffed. \"I didn't ask.\" \"I see. Well. If you can think of anything else just let me know,\" Evie replied as she stood up. She pulled a card from inside her jacket and handed it to Cathy. \"Here's my card. Give me a call if you remember anything else.\" Cathy stood up with her, walking her to the door and unchaining it. \"I wish I could have been more help, Agent Thomas.\" \"No, don't worry about it. Thank you for your time.\" Evie turned away from the girl and walked down the dingy hall. She had a feeling this was going to be a long case. She was still no closer to finding Wesley Gibson. And still no closer to finding any clues about the Fraternity that Mouse had mentioned. She walked down the set of stairs leading to the outside door and stepped outside. She tugged at the sides of her jacket. Evie looked up as her foot hit the pavement. A man stood across the street from her, his hands tucked into his pockets, startling blue eyes glowing in the lamplight. She turned away when his face didn't register. Before she even took one step, she looked back at him, a picture flashing through her mind. \"Wait!\" Wesley loosened his tie as he walked down the street. He paused as his surroundings grew familiar. He finally looked up to notice the recognizable buildings around him. His old apartment stood across the street from him, most of the windows dark. One window, however, was lit. A window that he was all too familiar with. Wesley paused on the concrete as he stared up at the shining window. He tucked his hands in his pants pockets, standing relaxed, his feet spread apart. He knew if he turned around his father's old apartment wouldn't be there. Wesley had burned the apartment down when he had gotten rid of Sloan. There would be no trace of him or anyone else ever being there. A movement in his old window caught his eye. A small white cat had jumped up on the ledge, its green eyes staring down at him. Annabelle. That cat would be the one thing that he would miss from his old life. At least she was friendlier than his girlfriend. The door to the building opened suddenly as he watched. A woman stepped out of it, the light from the stairwell highlighting her frame, a woman that he had seen before. Long black hair tied in a knot at the base of her neck. Thin slacks covering her long legs. A black jacket covered a blood red blouse, the top buttons undone. Wesley watched as she adjusted her jacket, pulling the sides out slightly. His stance tensed as he saw the gun holstered on her waist, a shiny badge tucked next to it. Shit. She looked up then, her gaze meeting his for a moment and then turning away. Before she took a step her eyes snapped back up to his. Shock registered on her face for a moment. She stepped forward slightly, looking down the street reflexively before she started across. Wesley had already turned away when he heard her call. \"Wait!\" But it was too late. He had already bolted down the street. AN: And there you have it. It's just getting exciting. Not much Wesley in this chapter, but I promise he'll be in it more next time! I just hope that you enjoyed it and let me know what you think![Chapter 6] Every Day is Exactly the Same Chapter Five: Found You Matt staggered groggily to his bed, shedding his clothes as he went, the garments falling in dirty piles on the floor. He collapsed on to the bed and pulled the covers over his body. An arm snaked around his waist, a cheek rested against his chest. \"You're late,\" she whispered. Matt pressed a kiss to the top of her head. \"Sorry. Chasing some leads.\" \"You'd think I'd be used to this,\" she muttered, snuggling closer to him. \"But I miss you being in my bed when I go to sleep.\" He smiled into her hair as his thumb rubbed her back. Caroline had been the one steady thing in his otherwise screwed up life. His job never allowed him for a normal day. And his partner . . . well his partner could never be considered normal. Who in their right mind would ever allow their work to consume their life? You had to have some down time at some point. Matt's smile widened. And his favorite down time was currently curled next to him, her bare leg wrapped around his. A gentle kiss on the bottom of his chin pulled him from his thoughts. \"Did you find any?\" Caroline asked between kisses, going back to their earlier conversation. Matt rolled them over, bracing himself on his forearm. He leaned down, his lips hovering over hers. Caroline gazed up into his eyes and grinned. His own grin started to form as he stared at her. Their lips met in a gentle kiss that quickly turned hard and wanting. They were both panting when they finally parted and Matt changed his attention to the sensitive flesh of her throat. Caroline chuckled. \"You do always have a way of changing the subject.\" Matt merely smiled against her skin, his hands roaming to places he knew would distract her even more. They had been running through the streets, one chasing the other. At that time of the night the streets were deserted and Evie was thankful for that. They would have drawn more than a few gazes had there been more people around. Finally, Evie had enough. No more running. No more chasing She stopped in her tracks, her hands pulling the gun from her hip and bringing it up. \"FBI! Do not move!\" He seemed to falter for a moment, as if deciding whether to obey or not, and then he stopped, his legs spread apart slightly. One hand hovered at the small of his back, the other clenched into a fist at his side. Evie wasn't sure if he had a weapon, but she couldn't risk it. If his hand moved even one inch she would shoot him. \"Turn around,\" she said, loud enough for him to hear her. He turned slowly, his blue eyes catching the lamplight above him. The lamp highlighted his features; the hard lines of his face making him look so much older than he was. Evie was positive this was the man from the picture. She would swear on her father's grave that this was the same person responsible for the Mill killings. He was watching her intently, his body settling in a slight crouch. Evie could tell that he was ready for anything that could come at him. But no matter what, she would not let him get away. She would have to be careful. He seemed so unassuming; a normal guy who worked at a normal job. But if he was the same person that she was looking for, then she knew he wasn't someone to take lightly. Evie could not afford to underestimate him. \"Put your hands up slowly.\" His hand didn't move from the small of his back. His head moved a fraction of an inch, his muscles tightened slightly and before she could blink he fired his gun. \"Turn around.\" Her voice was hard. It was a demand; a demand that she expected to be followed. Why disappoint? Wesley turned around, keeping his hand near the small of his back. He wasn't sure who she was. He had seen the badge but that never meant anything. He didn't know how far the Fraternity had their claws. Wesley watched the woman. She was stubborn. And she was good. He hadn't been able to shake her. She had followed him through crowds, dark alleys (where any sane person would have given up), past empty buildings. Now here they stood, alone on an empty street. Wesley's eyes flicked around the street. He didn't like to be this open. The woman was going to call attention to them. If he wasn't already being followed, that is. He saw the sudden flash of silver behind her, the soft glint of the light off of a lens. Fuck. Wesley's fist closed around the butt of his gun and his arm flicked out. He fired his gun before the woman even knew what was coming. She heard the gun shot from behind her. She pivoted on her right foot, knowing it wasn't going to be quick enough. Time seemed to slow as she heard the second gun shot from the man in front of her. Evie watched as the two bullets collided in front of her, inches in front of where her heart would have been and then fall to the cement, the metal melded together from the strike. The next thing she knew, there was a body pressed up behind her, an arm in her eye line, a gun gripped tightly in its hand. A second arm wrapped around her chest, the hand gripping her shoulder, and she was turned around roughly as the gun was fired again. The next thing she knew she was being pushed forward, the lost moments of time picking up and going faster than she ever remembered. She stumbled slightly at first but quickly gained her bearings. Evie heard more shots fired behind her. She skidded to a stop and turned around sharply, bringing her gun up. Evie got off one shot before a hand clamped down on her forearm and pulled her away. \"This,\" his voice whispered, \"will not help you. You need to run. Get as far from here as possible.\" \"And what about you?\" she asked. Her breath hitched in her throat as her eyes caught bright blue orbs, close up for the first time. \"It is you,\" she hissed. \"Now is not the time to discuss this with you. You need to get out of here.\" He pushed her from behind. His hand trailed down her arm, brushing against the wound on her forearm and then gripped her hand tightly in his. He bolted in front of her, not even looking back to see if she was still there. Evie wasn't even sure how she was keeping up to a man that seemed to be running abnormally fast. Not even an Olympic runner could keep up with him. She kept her gun at her side, her finger beside the trigger, ready for anything that could happen. Evie saw the crowds before they hit, late night club goers walking the strip. She thought he would slow down before they made it to the crowd. She was wrong. Wesley (and she was positive it was him) merged with the people without ever slowing down. He moved effortlessly through them, seeming to blend in perfectly despite the guns in both of their hands. When they were several blocks away, still merging with crowds, Wesley pulled them into a darkened alleyway. He pushed her against the brick wall. A protest stuck in her throat. His body was pressed up against hers as if they were lovers getting a moment away from the crowded street. Wesley had placed the weapon back in the waistband of his pants when he had pulled them into the shaded alley. His hands were placed on both sides of her shoulders, his legs between hers. Wesley was staring at the mouth of the alley, watching for any pursuers. He turned to her after a few moments, his eyes gazing into hers, the blue almost glowing despite the lack of good light. \"It's not safe here,\" he said quietly. \"We need to go someplace safe.\" \"The only place we are going is to FBI head quarters.\" His lips twitched. \"Really.\" It was a statement, not a question. \"Even if I have to drag you down there myself.\" A snort slipped through his throat. \"I don't think so.\" Evie struck before he saw it coming. She grabbed his arm, ducking under it and pulling it up and behind his back. She pushed forward, slamming him into the wall. Evie heard him grunt, felt his muscles begin to coil. Before she could move he pushed off of the wall, making her stumble a few steps back and begin to fall. Evie held onto him for balance. He bent down, ducking his head under her arm and twisted, attempting to free his arm. Evie let go and pivoted on her left foot. Her right leg swung up, seeking to connect with any part of his body it could hit first. Wesley blocked the kick and responded with one of his own which Evie easily pushed aside. He was holding back. She could tell and it was pissing her off. She was throwing just about everything she could at him and he was shrugging it off like she was nothing but a bug to be swatted away. He wasn't even attacking. He merely deflected her blows. Her foot slipped on an unseen puddle as she attacked again. Evie wasn't even sure it had happened until her back hit the ground, her head slamming into the concrete. Wolff cursed under his breath. He had been following his target all night. And then this fucking woman gets in the way. Son of a bitch. This was supposed to be an easy job. He tucked the gun back under his jacket and ran after them. He figured he could get them easily. They were alone on a deserted street. How hard could that be? When he caught sight of the midnight crowds he cursed again. The bastard would lead them straight into the people and attempt to lose him there. They had told Wolff that he was goo; he just didn't expect Gibson to be that good. He had stopped the bullet even though he had never known Wolff was there. Why had he saved the woman? He shouldn't have even cared. He should have used her as a way to get away. Wolff had expected Gibson to use the split second it would have taken her to fall to get away. Who cares if she lived or died? She would have just been collateral damage. It had thrown him when Gibson deflected the bullet and pulled her with him. She would slow him down. He wouldn't be able to get away as easily as if he had just run by himself. Stupid man. Maybe he wasn't as good as everyone said he was. Wolff followed them into the crowd, watching their heads bob through the people. And then he blinked and they were gone. Wolff stopped mid run. He turned different directions, gazing all ways, looking for any way that they could have gone. He saw the alley. His first instinct was to check there. Then the three similar places between similar buildings caught his attention. \"Shit.\" There was no way he would be able to check all of them. In the time it would take him to check one, they could be gone from another. \"Fuck.\" This should not have been this difficult. Why was he doing this? All he was doing was making his life that much more difficult. He should have left the woman where she fell. Hell, he should have just left her on the sidewalk. If she was able to survive the gunman's bullets then kudos for her. God, what was he doing? The door in front of him opened slowly. Lucien stood there, dressed impeccably in a pressed suit despite the late hour. A smile lit his face when he first saw Wesley standing there. It slightly faded as he saw the unconscious woman in his arms. \"I'd say you are always welcome here Wesley,\" he began, \"but you do have your own apartment for things like this.\" Wesley scowled. \"It's not what you think. She's an FBI agent.\" Lucien didn't move. \"And what are you doing with an FBI agent?\" \"She was chasing me,\" Wesley said. \"Listen, I'll tell you everything, just let me in. I've been carrying her for blocks.\" Lucien stared at him for a moment, and then his gaze flickered down to the woman. Finally he sighed. He stepped aside, opening the door wider for Wesley to step through. \"Thank you.\" Lucien shut the door and turned as Wesley deposited the knocked out agent on the couch. \"This had best be a good story, Wesley. For you to bring her here. . .\" \"She chased me, Lucien. I couldn't shake her. She was like a fucking blood hound.\" \"So you decided to take pity on the poor FBI agent that you knocked out?\" Wesley stood up straight, stretching his back. \"She slipped on something in the alley. Someone shot at her,\" he glanced down at her again and then looked up at Lucien. Lucien's eyebrows furrowed. \"Someone as in Fraternity?\" \"Near as I can tell.\" \"And why would they do that?\" Wesley paused, staring down at her again. \"I don't know. But she sure as hell knew me.\" Evie's eyes shot open. She was disoriented at first, her head pounding, unsure where she was. It took her a few moments to realize she was in her bed, on top of the covers. It only took her a few more seconds to realize she wasn't alone in the room. She stayed still, careful not to make any movements to let her visitor know she was awake. Her gun lay on the nightstand next to her; easy reach. All she had to do was reach over. . . \"Do you really think that I would have left your gun next to you without coming prepared myself?\" The man said, his voice carrying in the silent room. He was older, perhaps late forties, a slight accent layering his words. Even though the words were a threat, she heard no gun cocking to prove his point. Evie sat up slowly, propping her hands on the bed behind her. The gun was still in easy reach. From the streetlight filtering through her bedroom window, she thought she saw a grin flicker across his face. \"Who are you?\" \"I don't think that really matters, Agent Thomas. I come with a warning.\" Evie's eyebrows rose. \"A warning?\" He shrugged slightly. \"More like a suggestion, really.\" \"And what would that be, Mr.-?\" The man smiled at her bait. \"To watch yourself. Wesley Gibson is not the man you are looking for. You should leave him be.\" There's nothing like someone telling you not to look into someone to make you want to look into them. \"And why would I do that?\" \"For your own protection, of course. I would not want a beautiful woman like you getting injured.\" \"Don't give me that bullshit. He's involved in these murders. He is my case.\" She paused as a thought struck her. \"You know where he is, don't you?\" His smile came back. It was almost as if he pitied her. \"As I have said before, Agent Thomas, he is not the man that you are looking for.\" \"Then who is? And how the hell do you know my name?\" \"The answer to your second question is the easiest. Your name is on your badge. And on your driver's license in your wallet. We needed to know where you lived.\" \"Why?\" He seemed almost shocked at the question. \"To make sure you made it home, of course. Would you have rather been left in the alley?\" Evie stared at him. Somehow he managed to sit just inside the shadows. She could make out little of his features. A strong jaw, a medium sized face. When he flashed it, his smile was nice. \"If you say Wesley Gibson is not the man I'm looking for, then who is?\" she asked again. He was silent. He didn't want to answer her. One way or another, Evie was going to get something out of him. \"You should drop the case, Agent Thomas. They are not for you to be trifling with.\" \"They?\" Evie asked. \"Who 'they'?\" Silence again. The light from the window glinted in his eyes. He got up without answering her, the shadows still miraculously covering his face. \"Goodnight, Agent Thomas.\" He was at her bedroom door when she called, \"Wait. They? Do you mean the Fraternity?\" If she had been anybody else she probably would not have noticed the imperceptible tensing of his back. His hand, hovering over the door handle, paused. He knew something. He knew something he wasn't telling her. He turned to her slightly. \"What do you know of the Fraternity?\" \"Where the hell is Thomas?\" Matt jerked in his seat. Crap. \"I don't know sir. I haven't seen her since last night.\" \"She's your partner, Simonson. You're supposed to keep track of her.\" \"I'm very sorry sir,\" You jackass. \"I'll call her right now.\" \"No need. I'm here. Sorry I'm late.\" \"You better have a good excuse for this Thomas.\" \"Just slept in, sir.\" \"Really?\" he asked, his eyebrows rising. \"Then let's start with you. Where are you on the Carlisle case?\" Evie sat in the chair next to Matt, setting her briefcase down next to her chair. \"We're still running some leads. We have a hunch that it is somehow connected to the murder of Andre Hicks as well. Both killings occurred when there was no possible way they could have happened. The video from Mrs. Carlisle's basement showed the bullet curving around the door,\" she showed this with her hands, curving one hand around the other. \"And you've reopened the Mill case?\" Matt nodded. \"We have reason to believe that the murderer of the Mill victims is the same as these.\" \"Anything else?\" \"We're not sure. We're still checking in to some clues.\" \"Right. This isn't going to become another cold case of yours, Thomas. I want the killer found soon,\" he turned his attention away from her. \"Now. Abrams. Where are you with the Hacker case?\" Evie took this opportunity to lean in to Matt and whisper, \"I found him.\" AN: Okay, so I told myself that I would have this up before my birthday, and lo and behold I did with days to spare! I know it's been awhile. I swear I've had this chapter open on my computer for the past month staring at it. I've played with it a couple times, so I hope that you like how it turned out. It's a little shorter than the last chapter, but much longer than any chapter I've been able to write lately. I didn't want to leave off with too much of a cliff hanger, so I hope that you like where it ended.[Chapter 7] Every Day is Exactly the Same Chapter Six: One Step Closer \" Why are you here?\" \" Why do you have no desire to be normal?\" the question was answered with a resounding crunch as the fist connected with his face. His head jerked sideways. He spit blood from his mouth, the taste of iron coursing over his tongue. \" Why are you here?\" His eyes shot up to theirs, bright blue shining in the dim light, staring up at shadowy faces. \" I thought I didn't know who I was.\" Wesley woke to the feeling that he was being stared at. He kept his eyes closed, kept his body as still as possible, tried to keep his breathing slow and even. \"We need to talk.\" Wesley sighed. He considered ignoring him. He considered burrowing back under the covers and going back to sleep. It was Saturday damn it. His cracked open his eyes to stare at the glowing clock. And it was three a.m. \"What do you want Lucien?\" \"The FBI agent is in over her head,\" Lucien replied from his place in the shadows. Wesley rolled over and sat up in bed, rubbing his hands through his hair and over his face. \"Is this what you woke me up for? To tell me that some FBI agent that tried to kick my ass is in over her head?\" Lucien cocked his head to one side slightly. \"What are you going to do about her?\" \"What do you mean?\" It was Lucien's turn to sigh. \"She knows who you are Wesley. If she were to actually arrest you it would put a damper on our plans. All the Fraternity needs is to get you in a holding cell. You would be dead before morning.\" \"She doesn't know anything.\" \"She knows your face and name.\" \"I've fallen off the radar-\" \"We found you,\" Lucien interrupted. Wesley glared at him. \"You were Fraternity trained.\" \"It doesn't matter, Wesley. She has all the resources of the American government. It is only a matter of time before she finds you. What will you do then?\" Wesley contemplated his answer. \"I'll figure it out when I get to it.\" Lucien was silent. Wesley knew Lucien was watching him, judging him, perhaps even regretting the decision to bring him into their plan to take down the Fraternity. \"You are just like your father,\" he finally replied. \"Thinking no one can touch you. Where did that get him Wesley?\" Wesley was across the room before he realized it. Lucien's back slammed into the wall, his head jerking back as Wesley's arm pressed against his throat. Lucien's calm expression never wavered. He showed no sign of distress, no sign of fear. \"Do not talk about my father.\" Wesley seethed through clenched teeth. \"Temper, temper, Wesley. Your anger will cloud your judgment.\" The next thing Wesley knew, he was sprawled on his back across the floor, his chest throbbing. Lucien hadn't moved. He still stared at him from across the room, his arms still crossed over his chest, resting against the wall that he had just been pressed into. He lifted a hand into the moonlight, staring at his nails as if he were bored with the conversation. \"Don't you see, Wesley? You are not as infallible as you think,\" Lucien said, almost as if he were bored with the conversation. \"You still allow your emotions to think for you, despite what you may think. You may hate the Fraternity for what they made you do, but they did not make you as much of a monster as you think.\" Lucien walked toward the still sprawled out Wesley, stopping just at his feet. \"The agent knows about the Fraternity. If she learns any more she could get in our way. Do something about her or I will do something for you.\" Wesley glared up at Lucien. \"What do you expect me to do?\" Lucien pursed his lips and shrugged. \"You'll figure it out when you get to it, I'm sure,\" he replied, throwing Wesley's own words back at him. Before he could blink the room was empty. No one saw it coming. The blood was in the water before anyone noticed the woman falling to the side. The screaming started soon after the body sank into the water. Long blonde hair fanned out around an upturned face, blood quickly seeping out from a wound in her forehead, mixing with the chlorine and water. The lifeguards blew their whistles, signaling for everyone to leave the water. The ripples caused by the frightened swimmers spread the blood through the pool, caused the now limp body to bob in the water. Terrified children clung to their parents, panicked adults made frantic calls for help. Life guards dove into the water, swimming as fast as they could to the unmoving woman. Lifeless eyes stare up at a burning sun. The punching bag swung from the force of her punch. She was angry, pissed off even. Nothing more had come from her search for the Fraternity. Or her search for Wesley Gibson, for that matter. And it was pissing her off. After the mysterious man had left her apartment two nights before she had done nothing but search for any clue to this secret society. At least that's what she guessed it was. Two people had now mentioned the Fraternity to her. From what Matt had told her, Mouse had looked terrified when he mentioned the Fraternity and the man from the other night had hesitated when she mentioned them. He had known something. He had known something and yet told her nothing. The only thing Evie had to go on was that the man had warned her to stay away from Wesley Gibson and had flinched at the name of the Fraternity. That could only mean one of two things. Wesley Gibson and the man were in league together with these murders or else they were both part of the Fraternity, whatever that was. Her shin connected with the bag as she kicked up. God damn it. Could nothing go right with this case? Music pounded in her ears from her headphones. Her punches and kicks began to be timed with the music. Evie could feel her mood darken as her thoughts kept going over the case. Her boss was riding her to get answers and yet she could get nothing. Why would she ever have thought that this was going to be easy? A noise behind her startled her. She pushed off the bag, thrusting backwards. She pivoted on one foot, stopping directly in front of the person that had attempted to sneak up on her, her fist raised. Zack stared at her, wide eyed, his hands upraised in a symbol of peace. \"Whoa. Take it easy Agent Thomas. I'm not going to hurt you, I promise.\" Evie dropped her arms, her breathing labored. She blew hair out of her eyes as she pulled the earphones from her ears. \"Sorry.\" Zack shrugged. He pulled the strap of his computer case higher on his shoulder. \"S'okay. I have something you might want to see though.\" Evie sighed and ran a hand through her sweat soaked hair. \"You couldn't have just called me?\" Zack peered up at her from over his glasses. \"I did. When you check your phone you'll notice at least four calls from me. One of the other agents said you were down here.\" Evie grabbed a towel from the bench and sat down, wiping the sweat from her chest and neck. \"What do you have for me?\" He sat next to her, pulling his laptop from the case. Zack opened some reports, pulling two up on the screen. Evie recognized the pictures as the two victims from the week before. \"What am I looking at Zack?\" Zack gestured at the screen, pointing at two transactions. \"What we're looking at, Agent Thomas, are two withdrawals, one from each of the victims, to the same company. Both are high dollar amounts. Going back, I noticed the same amount pulled from the two accounts every month for at least a year.\" Evie paused, the towel clutched in her hand. \"What company?\" \"Not entirely sure. The bank statements say Weavers' International. And before you ask, yes, I looked it up. There's nothing anywhere about this company.\" Zack paused. \"Anywhere.\" Her eyes narrowed. \"So you're telling me that both of our victims were paying a company that doesn't exist?\" \"Near as I can tell.\" He replied, nodding. Evie blew a wet strand out of her eyes again. \"So we're no closer to finding a killer then we were before.\" \"Well, no, but at least now we've found a connection between the two.\" \"Good job,\" Evie said as she stood. \"See if you can find out anything, and I mean anything, about this imaginary company. Find out if it's a dummy company for something else. They have to have been paying someone for something. We've got to figure this out; we've got to figure out what exactly they were paying off.\" The door slamming open pulled Evie's attention away from the computer. Matt stuck his head in. \"Evie! We have another one.\" Wesley stood with his hands in his pockets, staring at the tall building, the sunlight glinting off of the mirrored windows. Wesley squinted behind his sunglasses at the people walking past. He was standing nonchalantly; his hands resting in his pockets, his tie hanging loosely around his neck, the top button of his shirt was unbuttoned. It was six o'clock on a Friday evening and the sidewalks were crowded. And yet he was invisible. The crowds flowed around him, spreading out to walk around him, their shoulders coming within inches of him. Not one person seemed to take notice of him. He was like a shadow on the wall. The sunlight moving across an opening door drew his eyes in front of him. A man exited the building first, holding the door for the woman who walked out next. The man made a mock bow to her, to which she did nothing but scowl. Wesley could, however, see the amusement hidden underneath the scowl. He chuckled to himself. She was interesting, this FBI agent. She put on a tough front; a front that would intimidate most people. He was sure it worked on her suspects, on the people she was questioning. Wesley watched her for a moment. Watched how her hair swayed in the knot at the nape of her neck. He was pretty sure she'd had it styled like that when he first saw her. Wesley felt the hair on the back of his neck rise seconds before an arm wrapped around his shoulders. \"What are you waiting for?\" Adam asked, his gaze following Wesley's. \"Oh. Never mind. I see. So who is she?\" Wesley shrugged. \"Couldn't tell you.\" Adam chuckled. \"Whatever. Come on. Let's go. I hear drinks calling my name!\" \"Witnesses say that the victim was just taken down. One minute she was playing with her son, the next she was face down in the water,\" the officer paused as he glanced out into the now empty pool. \"Figuratively speaking.\" \"No shooter?\" Evie asked. The officer shrugged. \"Not that anyone saw.\" \"Awesome,\" Matt muttered. He was staring into the pool, the blood having all but dispersed through the water. He turned his attention to the tarp covered body lying next to the pool. He knelt next to her and lifted the cloth. Golden hair shone in the dying light. Well, what wasn't matted down with blood. A single bullet hole nestled into her temple, the wound still fresh. Her brown eyes stared up at him. Stared at him as if it was his fault that she was laying there; that it was his fault that they hadn't caught the bastard doing this. I'm sorry. \"Do we have an ID on her?\" he asked. He heard papers ruffling behind him. \"Pool attendant pulled the locker key from her chair. Said she came here every week when the weather's good. Name is Meredith Ventura.\" Matt's eyebrows furrowed. \"Why do I know that name?\" \"Meredith Ventura, aged thirty-two, mother to Brian Ventura, wife of Alexander Ventura.\" Matt turned to him, dropping the tarp. \"Owner of Ventura Motors?\" \"Yes, sir.\" \"Thank you.\" He turned back to the body. \"What would you be doing in a public pool?\" he asked. Matt walked up to Evie. She was standing poolside, staring down into the rolling water. \"Have forensics found the bullet?\" She shook her head. \"Not so far. They're going to empty the filter. Hopefully it's in there.\" \"Tell me how this makes sense,\" Matt started. \"We have the owner of a clothing store, an office worker, and the wife of the owner of a car dealership. What do any of these people have in common?\" Evie flipped open her phone, hit a button and placed the phone next to her ear. \"Hey, Zack. Listen, do me a favor. Pull the financials for a Meredith Ventura.\" She paused. \"Yes. That Meredith Ventura. Pull her financials and see if that same company pops up. Okay. Thanks.\" \"Care to share?\" Evie turned from him, making her way past the yellow tape blocking off the crime scene. \"Zack found a common name in each of the victims' records. It's a company that doesn't seem to exist and yet each of the victims paid the same amount every month for the past year or so.\" She paused again. \"Something doesn't add up, Matt. I have a feeling this is all tied into that company. I'm going to find Mouse, see if he can enlighten me a little more on this Fraternity.\" Matt nodded. \"I'll stay here to do some interviews. Someone has to have seen something.\" The night had started out great. He was out with Adam getting some much needed beers after another long, boring day at the office. There were girls; always girls. No man in his right mind would turn down a woman that was coming on to him. The night had been going great and then he came along. And now here he was, being slammed into a brick wall, the breath whooshing from his lungs. He ducked as the kick swung over his head but failed to dodge the fist that slammed into his right temple that followed seconds later. The bass from the bar thrummed against his back, causing his entire body to vibrate. His heart began to beat in time to the vibrations. Wesley used the hum to clear his mind. His eyes snapped open as the man's fist flew at him again. Wesley dodged right as the fist neared his face. The hand slammed into the brick wall, causing a satisfying crack to sound through the alley. The man grunted, refusing to allow a cry of pain to escape his lips. That would show a weakness that he couldn't allow. Wesley ducked behind him and grabbed the man's arm, pulling it straight out. He thrust his palm into the man's elbow, effectively breaking the joint and then kicked him in the back. The assassin stumbled forward and turned around, catching his footing. Wesley took the opportunity and launched himself after the would-be killer. Wesley punched and kicked, aiming for any place the man left open for attack. He landed one last kick to the man's side before he heard the familiar click of a switchblade and then the sting as the blade bit through the skin of his chest right below his ribs. Wesley grabbed his attacker's good wrist and pulled it away from him. The blade flicked away from him, little droplets of Wesley's blood spattering across the concrete. Wesley twisted the man's arm in, pushing the blade toward his attacker. He felt the knife sink into the man's chest, felt the blade bury itself into the thick flesh. The assassin's eyes bulged as he fell to his knees. \"Who sent you?\" The assassin's eyes turned up to meet Wesley's. He sneered and spat at him, the fluid coming out red. Wesley stared down at the stain on his shirt. Damn it. He loved that shirt. \"Tell me who and maybe I'll call some help for you.\" The sneer didn't leave the man's face. He yanked the knife from his chest and sung at Wesley again. Wesley ducked and slid behind him. Grabbing the would-be assailant's neck, he twisted. It still bothered him. The sound of the cartilage and bone in the neck snapping; the sound of one more person's life slipping away. \"You made me this way,\" he whispered as the body sank to the ground. \"This is all because of you.\" \"What the fuck.\" Wesley twisted at the voice. Adam stood behind him, half of his body hidden behind a slowly closing door. \"Adam-\" Adam turned before Wesley could finish. He was down the alley before Wesley could even move. AN: Tadaa! An update! God it has been forever. I've had this chapter finished for awhile, it just needed to get edited, but I got a little bit distracted. Work sucks and with it being retail during the holidays, I don't get much time to even sleep. This is my first day off in almost two weeks. But I really wanted to get this out to you guys today as a holiday gift to you. Thank you for being so patient with my late updates. I'll respond to reviews in a couple hours![Chapter 8] Updated 11/2/11 due to author confusing a characters name. Every Day is Exactly the Same Chapter Seven: 99 Problems Wesley ran down the crowded street, the wound on his abdomen all but forgotten. He had to catch up to Adam. He knew better than to go out; he knew better than to break from his routine. He should never have allowed himself to go out into the open again. They were learning his habits. He had to figure out what he was going to do. If Adam were to find someone, tell someone what he saw, it would be bad. Wesley had no idea what would happen to him if what Adam had seen was let out. Let alone what the Fraternity would do to him if they found out he knew. Or if they found out Adam knew Wesley. \"God dammit!\" She hated this club. The crowd of people. The flashing lights that annoyed her eyes. The vast amount of smoke in the club that caused her to cough if she took too deep a breath. She ran her fingers through her short hair, pulling the strands away from her face. She searched the mass of dancing people. He was supposed to be here. Somewhere where they wouldn't be seen; where no one would care what they were doing. A man pushing through the dancers caught her attention. He was frantic. Her head cocked to the side. He was frightened. He was running from something or, perhaps, someone. She allowed herself a second to muse about what he could be running from. She shook her head after a moment. It didn't matter. What mattered now was finishing what they were sent here to do. A man so drunk he could barely stand up straight sidled up next to her. He leered at her, his slurred words barely registering in her mind. She never even turned his way. The man slurred an expletive after awhile and turned away, ambling after some other unfortunate target. God she hated this club. Evie pushed through the hordes of people. The bouncer out front had told her (after some, ahem , coercion) that Mouse had come in earlier but hadn't left yet. Rob Zombie blared over the speakers. The neon lights flashed to the beat of the music. Evie stumbled slightly as a girl backed into her. She put her hand out, bracing it against the girl's back and muttered an apology that she knew the girl couldn't hear. The girl turned, an angry look on her face, ready to say something until her eyes caught the badge at Evie's waist. The corner of her mouth curled in a sneer and she turned away. Evie just shook her head and continued to the back of the club. Mouse was here. She just had to find him. A hand grabbed her arm and pulled her to a stop. On reflex Evie reached for a gun that wasn't there. A voice shouted in her ear. \"Are you a cop?\" Adam moved through the crowded club. He slammed into junkies, bumped into club goers and beer holders. Maybe he would get lucky and meet up with some form of law enforcement. He almost snorted at the thought. He could never be that lucky. But someone had to listen to him. Someone had to believe him. His panicked gaze saw her in front of him; the flash of metal at her waist caught his attention, pulling his body toward her. He watched as she made her way through the crowd, smoothly dodging between people. He watched as a girl slammed into her shoulder and then turned to start a fight. The badge at the woman's waist stopped her. The woman started walking again, moving inch by inch away from him. She was walking away! His heart started to pound harder than he thought possible. He had to stop her. He had to get to her before she moved away! He bolted to her side, ignoring the angry shouts from people he ran into. Adam grabbed her arm, stopping her in her tracks. The woman turned sharply with her hand hovering at her waist. \"Are you a cop?\" he shouted over the music. She hesitated, her eyes narrowing. After a moment the woman lifted the badge from her hip. \"FBI!\" Adam felt relief wash through him. \"Thank God! I need your help! I saw my friend- at least I thought he was my friend. I don't know now. After what I saw-\" She put a calming hand on his shoulder. \"Calm down. Just tell me what you saw.\" \"I saw my friend kill someone. H-he disappeared from the bar and when I went looking for him he was fighting some guy in the alley. When I went out he jus- he just snapped the guys neck like it was nothing.\" She stared at him, her eyes flicking over his face, trying to decide if he was lying. She turned from him, her hand still on his shoulder, her head turning from side to side. She jerked her head to the left. \"Come with me!\" she shouted and began to lead him along the edge of the crowd. She turned to him when they entered an empty bathroom, her eyes narrowed. \"Where did this happen?\" \"At Rowdy's. It's a couple-\" \"I know where it is.\" He looked panicked, his eyes darting back and forth in the empty stalls. \"I swear I'm not making this up.\" \"What's this friend's name?\" \"Wesley,\" he started, his voice almost a whisper. \"Wesley Gibson.\" Evie stared at the man, a look of stunned wonder crossing her face. He had to be joking. It couldn't be this easy. He had to be talking about someone else with the same name. \"Are you serious?\" \"Why would I lie?\" She snorted. \"You'd be surprised. Where did you meet him?\" \"At Rowdy's.\" She shook her head. \"No. I mean where did you first meet Gibson?\" \"I-uh, we work together. I've known him for a couple months. He never really hung out with all of us; stuck to himself mostly. I just thought he was a quiet guy. I didn't think he was capable of doing something like that.\" \"You'd be surprised what people can do with adrenaline rushing through them,\" she said. Images of the Mill pushed into her thoughts. \"Where is he now?\" He shook his head. \"I don't know. I ran after he killed him. I didn't know what he would do to me. I didn't want to risk it. I-I thought he would kill me if I stayed around.\" Evie nodded. Perfectly logical. She'd seen the aftermath of what he could allegedly do. Evie touched his arm, hoping it would give him some form of comfort. \"What's your name?\" \"Adam Meyers.\" \"Evie Thomas.\" Adam gave a small smile. \"I wasn't sure anyone would believe me but I had to tell someone. I came in here to. . . I don't know. I just didn't feel safe on the street alone.\" Evie nodded. \"Probably the wisest thing you could have done. Listen. Come to the office with me. I'll get a statement from you and send someone out to check out that alley. You'll be safe. I promise.\" Adam opened his mouth to reply when the door swung open. Evie glanced over his shoulder. A man stood in the doorway, the flashing lights from the dance floor framing his large figure. \"I'm sorry; could you give us a minute? We'll be out shortly.\" The man didn't reply. He stepped in the door, allowing it to swing shut behind him. His dark shirt highlighted the muscles hidden beneath it. The muscles on his arms rippled as he clenched and unclenched his fists. He moved a step closer, his eyes staring hard at her. \"Listen, sir-\" He launched himself at her before she could finish her sentence, pushing Adam into the wall, tile cracking at the impact. Wolff had followed the woman after he caught sight of her in the streets. She was the same goddamn woman that had gotten in his way a few weeks before. Gibson should have been dead by now. He should have been dead. No one was this hard to kill. He slipped in the club, blending in with the crowds, his eyes never leaving sight of the black haired woman. The knife in his boot was a familiar pressure against his ankle. Maybe he would use it later. He didn't think the woman would go down easy. He actually rather hoped she wouldn't. Maybe he could have a bit of fun before getting rid of her. This was not what Wolff was sent to do. He had been sent to get rid of Gibson. But after the other night when Gibson had protected this woman he didn't know, after allowing her to see what he was able to do, Wolff knew she couldn't stay alive. After he had lost them in the crowd he figured Gibson had gotten rid of her. He figured maybe the former Fraternity member had used his skills, had remembered what he had been trained for, and taken care of the bitch. Until he saw her tonight that is. Gibson was slipping. He should never have saved her. He should never have allowed her to live after that night. Wolff cursed under his breath as a man grabbed the woman's arm and stopped her in her tracks. He yelled something in her ear. His body was tense. Wolff could see him shaking even as far away as he was. \"Fuck,\" he muttered when he saw her lift the badge from her hip. Fucking law enforcement. Nothing could ever be easy. He followed them to the bathroom and waited just outside. Their voices were muffled through the door. He almost couldn't hear what they were saying. Two words stuck out though; two words that would have been heard if he was a mile away. Wesley Gibson. \"Fuck.\" Wolff pushed open the door. Her gaze shot up to his, looking him up and down; evaluating if he was a problem. \"I'm sorry; could you give us a minute? We'll be out shortly.\" He stepped in, ignoring her question. The breeze from the door closing hit his back as he let it shut behind him. He clenched his fists. Maybe he could get information from her. Maybe he could find out what exactly she wanted with Gibson. Maybe he would just kill her and move on. They hadn't told him to do anything about her. Of course he hadn't actually informed them of her existence. What would one little side killing matter? Wolff's eyes flicked for a second to the man standing with her. His eyes were wide. He was too scared to cause any form of problem for him. \"Listen, sir-\" He launched himself at the woman, pushing the man out of the way before he could move. Wolff caught her by surprise as he slammed her against the hard tile. He stared into her eyes and saw the moment her instincts kicked in. Her right arm came up, the fist connecting with his jaw. She struck with her left, connecting just below his ribcage. Her foot kicked out in a sweep as she attempted to knock him from his feet. Wolff's arm moved from across her shoulders to grab a fistful of her jacket. He twisted and pulled her with him, slamming her against the far wall. The sink against the wall bit into the small of her back. The palm of his hand pressed against her face as he pushed her into the mirror. The mirror cracked from the pressure. \"Get,\" she muttered against his palm, \"off!\" Her knee connected with Wolff's groin. The shock of pain caused him to step back, his hand falling from her face. She pushed past him and ran to the other man's side. \"Get up. You need to go,\" she pulled a phone from her pocket and slipped it into his hand. \"Get out of the club and call the first number. Tell him where you are.\" \"But-\" She pushed against his back. \"Go!\" The man scrambled to his feet just as Wolff grabbed her by the back of her jacket and threw her against the wall. He was on her a second later with his fingers tightening around her throat. Wesley ran into someone as they ran out of a club. He spared one look at them and then stopped in his tracks. \"Adam.\" Adam looked up at his name. \"Son of a bitch.\" He started to turn but Wesley stopped him. \"Adam stop. I'm not going to hurt you.\" And now he was starting to sound like a goddamn movie. Adam held up his hand as if he thought it would be able to stop Wesley from touching him. \"Stay away from me. You killed him,\" he took a step back as Wesley took a step closer. \"Stay away from me.\" \"You don't underst-\" Adam shook his head, his eyes growing distant. \"No. Just stay away from me. She needs help. She told me to get help.\" Wesley's brow furrowed. He reached out and grabbed Adam by the shoulders, startling him. He looked back up at him. \"What do you mean?\" Adam held up a shaking hand with a cell phone. \"She told me to call the first number. She's an FBI agent and she's in trouble.\" Wesley inhaled through his teeth. Shit. God this woman popped up everywhere. \"Where is she?\" His grip suffocated her, his fingers bent into claws, his thumb pushing into her skin cutting off her oxygen. Evie struggled against him, her kicks having no effect on him. Her lungs burned from the lack of air. Her vision had started to go black when she felt his grip loosen. The fingers fell from her throat. Evie dropped to her knees. She looked up in time to see the man who had attacked them get kicked in the face. The man grunted as he shot to the side, his torso twisting. Wesley stood over her, his shirt un-tucked, a section torn. There was a bloodstain around the rip. The attacker almost fell but righted himself before he hit the ground. From the way his left arm was hanging at his side, Evie could tell it was broken. He spit blood on the floor, the look on his face twisting into one of anger. \"What the fu-\" Wesley's foot slammed into the man's gut. He doubled over in time for the tip of Wesley's boot to connect with his forehead. He shot upright from the force of the blow. He stood still for a moment, a dazed look on his face, before he toppled backward. Evie climbed to her feet. Wesley turned to her, his face drawn. Her eyes scanned his face, taking in the battered expression, the look of utter exhaustion hovering in his eyes. Before she could move, before Evie could blink, Wesley collapsed. She knelt on instinct, bracing his limp body against her own. Wesley's head hit her shoulder as his arms fell loosely around hers. She struggled against his dead weight. The door flew open, drawing Evie's eyes up. Adam stood in the doorway, his eyes wide. \"What happened in here?\" he asked, his eyes gazing around the room. Scrungy tile was scattered across the floor. Blood spattered the walls in different locations. A mirror lay shattered in a cracked sink. \"Adam,\" she bit out. \"Give me my phone.\" Adam turned to her, a horrified look crossing his face when he took her in. \"What happen-\" \"If you say to my face I swear to God I will punch you. Give me my phone.\" Adam fumbled in his pocket. He placed the phone in her hand and helped her to stand up, propping Wesley between them. Evie dialed. \"Daniel? I need you to meet me at my apartment. I have some people I need you to check out,\" she paused. \"No, I can't take them to the hospital. Just meet me at my apartment. We'll be there soon.\" She hung up and started walking, attempting to take the weight of the man in between them. \"He should be in a hospital, Evangeline, not chained up like an animal in your bedroom!\" Evie shook her head quickly, wincing as the bruises on her neck twisted. \"There was nowhere else to take him, Daniel. You were the only one I could trust. If I took him to a hospital I would have to file a report and have him under police protection. I need him. I have a feeling that I can get more out of him if he's here then if he's sitting in a cell down at the police department. He can heal here. He doesn't need to be anywhere else but here.\" \"So what is he? A prisoner?\" Evie peered through the crack in the door. \"No. Well, a suspect technically. He's wanted for several murders.\" \"And what kind of murder are we talking about?\" Evie scratched the bandages around her throat. \"Does it really matter? He destroyed dozens of lives when he blew up the Mill and everyone that was in it.\" \"It still doesn't give you a right to have him handcuffed to your bed. You can't keep this to yourself. This is not how you do things!\" \"I know what I'm doing.\" \"I'm not sure you do, Evangeline. You lose yourself in your cases. You never know when to stop,\" Carter held up his hand to stop her from cutting in. \"You focus on one thing and never let it go. While that makes you a good agent, it also puts your and other people's lives at risk. You're like a pit bull; you never drop what you get your teeth into,\" He paused. \"You get that from your father.\" Evie's gaze shot up to meet his. \"Don't.\" Carter placed a comforting hand on her shoulder. \"What would your father do if he saw you do this? What do you think he would say?\" Evie bit her lip. She was afraid if she didn't she would say something she would regret. \"I'll take him in when I get what I need,\" she turned to Adam who sat fidgeting on her couch. \"What about him?\" Carter looked down at her for a moment. She was avoiding what he wanted to talk about. \"He'll be fine. He just has a bump on his head. Compared to how you look it could have been worse.\" \"I guess we can't all be so lucky.\" \"Evangeline-\" \"Thank you for coming by, Daniel.\" Carter drew up straight. He nodded once, a tight, curt nod, and turned from Evie. He pulled on his jacket and opened the door. Before he left he looked at her over his shoulder. \"Take care of yourself Evangeline.\" Evie jerked her head in acknowledgment. She stood for a moment, staring at the closed door. She shook her head, wincing as pain lanced through her skull. Finally turning away she made a detour to the kitchen and then moved to the living room. She sat down on the couch next to Adam and held out the ice pack she had picked up. Adam took it, muttering thanks. \"Are you all right?\" she asked, placing her own ice pack on her cheek. Adam shrugged. \"Fine, just. . . stunned I guess.\" Evie leaned back on the couch and put her feet on the table. \"That's understandable. You've been through a lot tonight.\" His eyes flicked to the bedroom door. \"What about him?\" \"We'll see. I need to talk to him for now. If what you told me is true-\" \"It is. Everything I told you is true.\" \"I'm sure it is,\" she looked at him, assessed him. \"And I'll talk to you about it in the morning. You need to rest. Sleep on the couch. I'll take the chair in my room.\" She patted his shoulder and stood. \"I'll bring you a blanket.\" \"Thank you.\" She gave a small smile. After giving him the blanket she made her way to her room. Evie sat in the oversized chair, pulling her legs up to her chest. She watched Wesley for awhile, her eyes taking in the steady rise and fall of his chest. Several scars littered his chest. She wondered for a moment what happened to him; where he went when he disappeared for six weeks. Before she realized it, her eyes had closed. She fell asleep thinking about what could have happened to him to make him the way he was. A noise startled Evie awake around midnight. Her head shot up, her eyes meeting ice blue. His eyes were wary, calculating. His eyes took in everything she was with just one glance at her curled up form. Evie unfolded from the chair and stood, stretching her arms above her head. She yawned. \"So you're awake,\" she stated. \"So are you.\" Wesley heard her shoulders pop as she moved her arms to curve above her head. He watched as the tank top she wore slid up an inch on her stomach. She pulled at the bandage on her throat. He could see the bruises on her neck in the lamplight. He pushed himself up, ignoring the pain that ripped through his side. She nodded at the wound. \"You're bleeding again.\" Wesley let out a harsh bark of laughter, remembering all of the wounds he had received while training with the Fraternity. \"Somehow I think I'll survive.\" \"If you promise to not try anything I'll change your bandage.\" \"Yeah, sure,\" he replied, twisting his wrist slowly in the handcuff. \"If you try something I swear to God I will-\" \"What? Arrest me again? Because that is what I am, right? You're prisoner?\" \"You are not my prisoner,\" she responded, bending down to retrieve the bundle of bandages and gauze from the floor. \"I just want to ask you some questions.\" Wesley's gaze flicked up to his arm. \"Hence the hand cuffs.\" Evie shrugged. \"You would try to bolt,\" she stated. \"I couldn't take that risk.\" He stayed silent as she stepped closer. Evie watched him for any sign of movement, any sign that he was going to try and attack. She rested on the side of the bed, hesitantly reaching over to pull off the bandage. She used an alcohol swab to clean the outside of the wound. Evie tenderly held the gauze to his skin and tore the tape from the roll with her teeth. She was so focused on taping the wound that she almost didn't feel the shift in the bed as he kicked his leg up. She reacted on reflex, turning slightly and allowing her back to take the brunt of the blow. Her hand shot to his leg and pushed it down. She shifted and threw her leg over him. Wesley swung with his free hand but Evie blocked it, twisting her hand around his wrist. She pressed his wrist into the headboard, her legs on both sides of his torso. \"I thought we talked about this.\" Wesley didn't respond. He kicked up, wrapping his legs around her neck. He pulled down, yanking Evie off balance. Her grip on his wrist fell away. Wesley twisted and bucked his hips, throwing her off of him. With a yelp she hit the floor. Wesley pulled on the cuff. The metal gave with a snap and he was on his feet before Evie even blinked. She twisted on the floor and shot her arm out. Wesley stumbled as her hand wrapped around his ankle. Evie pushed to her knees as he tried to kick free and lunged forward. Wesley slammed into the door when her body hit him, the wood shaking on impact. He jerked his head back as he felt her press into his back. She let loose a curse when the back of his head hit her forehead. He kicked his foot back, tripping her. Evie reached out as she fell, catching him by the arm. They landed as one; Evie's back hitting the floor with a thump, Wesley landing on top of her. Their eyes locked for a second in shock. Her expression calmed and she kicked up. Her knee hit him in the side. Wesley winced at the pain as her knee hit his wound. Evie took advantage of his flinch. She pushed up, gripped his shoulders and flipped them over. He brought his hand up to her chin, pushing her head up, his fingers gripping her cheeks. She punched him once on the cheek. Neither one heard the door open. The sound of a gun cocking preceded a smooth voice. \"I told you that you should have taken care of her, Wesley.\" AN: I am so sorry that it has been so long since I updated. I think it's almost been a year. I don't know what happened so I don't know what to say. I suck. That's all there is to it. And hopefully some of you stuck around to find out what happens next. I'm not too sure about this chapter but I hope you guys like it. Something just didn't sit right but I've been poring over it for months now and couldn't figure out what else needed to be changed.[Chapter 9] Every Day is Exactly the Same Thank you very much to xDollface (sorry. They won't let me put the spaces in your name) for helping me out with more of the plot for EDiEtS. I couldn't have done it without you! I know it took longer than I expected to get this out, but at least it did! Chapter Eight: The Silence in Between \"Wolff has been useless to us. And everyone we have sent after him has come back dead or too injured to continue. This is going to you now. Don't fail me.\" \"Of course,\" she paused. \"There are rumors that he has help.\" He scoffed. \"Take them out if they get in the way. He's your priority.\" \"Yes sir.\" \"Remember what he's done. Everyone we lost was because of him. If he is not taken care of quickly we will only lose more.\" \"He'll be taken care of.\" He nodded but said nothing. His silence meant the end of their conversation. Matt pounded on Evie's door. It was well past noon and he hadn't seen or heard from her since the night before. Not since they'd parted ways by the pool. He waited a moment again before taking up his knocking. \"Come on , Evie,\" he muttered. \"Answer your fucking door!\" He stepped back, worry inching its way into his mind. It never took this long to get Evie to the door. Matt stood up straight and lifted his arms, running his fingers along the top of the door frame. She had no welcome mat outside of her door to hind a key under or a plant. Wow he had to get this woman out more. Matt dropped his arms, defeated. Nothing. At least she was smart enough to not put an extra key in the one place a thief would look. There were times like this that he wished she trusted him enough to give him an extra key to her apartment. He dropped his shoulder and moved back. This was going to hurt but he had to get into her apartment; he had to make sure she was okay. \"Can I help you?\" Matt looked up at the man standing down the hall from him, a tool box in his right hand. A pair of overalls hung low on his hips. A relieved smile crossed Matt's lips. \"Yeah, thanks,\" he took a breath before continuing. \"Listen, my name is Matt Simonson. I'm Evangeline Thomas' partner. She was supposed to meet me today-\" \"Ms. Thomas doesn't have a partner,\" the old man interrupted. Matt stopped, confused. \"What?\" he shook his head as realization struck him. \"No, not that kind of partner,\" he pulled the badge from his hip and held it out for the man to see. \"I'm her partner from work. Listen, I haven't heard from her since last night and she isn't answering her phone or door today. Can you unlock the door so I can make sure she's okay?\" \"Haven't seen her since last night either,\" the man responded as he ambled slowly to the door, fiddling with the key chain on his belt. \"Not since she brought that unconscious man in.\" Matt's eyes flew to the door. \"What man?\" \"Don't know. She and some other feller were carrying him in. I had a leak emergency in the place down the hall and saw them taking him in. Didn't see anyone come out after that but I wasn't up here long.\" Matt stepped up to the door and pounded on it again, suddenly more worried than he was before. Evie had said she was going to find Mouse. Could Mouse have been the other man? But what about the one that had been unconscious? What did they have to do with Evie not responding to him? \"Just settle down, sir. I'll get you in.\" Matt bit his tongue. The man didn't seem to understand the urgency of the situation. Evie could be dead in there and he wanted to take his time to get in. \"I'm supposed to actually call the landlord in this type of situation but seeing as you're law and all I guess it'll be okay.\" He found the key he was looking for and placed it in the lock. The super had barely turned it before Matt had the door open. \"Evie?\" The apartment wasn't in a mess. Nothing seemed out of order. Nothing was knocked over. Matt walked through the entry way and looked around the corner into the kitchen. A bag of melted ice sat on the counter, resting on top of a spread out towel. He moved on. A blanket and pillow were resting haphazardly on the couch, a corner of the blanket tossed over the top. His heart skipped a beat as he turned his gaze to the half open door leading to Evie's room. A pale hand was tucked against the door jamb. \"Shit.\" Matt was at the door before he even realized it, his shoulder bumping the door the rest of the way open. Evie was on her side, her head on top of her outstretched arm. A trail of blood had trickled from a wound on her forehead. \"Fuck.\" \"Everything okay?\" Matt pulled Evie gently away from the wall, placing her on her back and checked for a pulse with shaking fingers. \"Shit. Call an ambulance.\" \"What?\" the super walked in closer. His eyes widened. His hands reached for his pocket and pulled out a phone. The super's voice droned on in the background as Matt hovered over Evie's prone form. Her pulse was light but steady. She was alive at least. But she wouldn't wake up. His heart still pounded in his chest. The only thing he could do was keep his fingers on her pulse. His mind wouldn't comprehend anything else. Matt couldn't think of what had happened. His eyes wouldn't look away from her to look around the room. He didn't think of the knocked over bowl of bloody water next to the bed or the bandages that were on the night table. Or even the little spatters of blood on the carpet. He just had to keep his fingers on the pulse to make sure she was still alive. Nothing in the world mattered at that moment except for her pulse. As long as she was okay everything else would be fine. \"I don't know how you expect me to do this. I don't know how you could ever do this. My world is completely fucked up.\" Adam said, his voice a hushed whisper. They were back at work like it was a normal day; like the night before hadn't even happened. Wesley was treating the events of the night before as if they were nothing. He didn't seem bothered by the fact that they left a woman unconscious and bleeding on her bedroom floor. Wesley shrugged. \"You get used to it.\" \"But you shouldn't have to. I shouldn't have to get used to the fact that a guy I work with, a guy I considered my friend, kills people.\" \"Killed,\" Wesley corrected. \"It's not something I do any more.\" \"So last night was just, what? A relapse?\" \"I already told you. It was self defense. He tried to kill me first.\" Adam snorted. \"So if he jumped off a bridge you'd do it too?\" Wesley ran a hand down his face, propping his chin in the palm of his hand. \"It's not like that Adam. It was a reflex. What would you do if someone pulled a knife on you?\" \"I'd run the other fucking way! You're crazy if you think I would knowingly run into a fight like that.\" \"And there was a time I was exactly like you. I didn't have the balls to even confront my cheating girlfriend. As sick as it sounds, the Fraternity were the ones who actually helped me grow a spine. They made me realize I wasn't just some poor asshole who got the short end of the stick.\" He stretched his arms over his head, popping his back in the process. \"I went from panic attacks to having incredible abilities that I couldn't even dream of.\" Adam looked over at him, his fingers poised over his keyboard. \"You sound like you miss it.\" Wesley jerked in his seat. Did he? Did he really miss getting his ass kicked every day for 'training'? Did he really miss having countless injuries from the countless fights? Or the feeling of his strength growing every day to the point where he felt more powerful, almost invincible? Granted, it was the only time that he ever felt needed; that he was part of something. That he was home. Wesley ran a hand through his hair. \"It's not that I miss it,\" he finally replied. \"They trained me; made me stronger. But they're also the ones who made me kill my father. I've tried to put that life behind me. They're the ones that keep dragging me back in.\" Adam watched Wesley as he spoke. He looked nostalgic at first, almost as if he really did miss that life. He had never seen Wesley show so many emotions in just a few seconds. The pride as he spoke of growing stronger and then the bitterness as he recounted their betrayal. The excitement at finding his father and then the sadness at losing him again. Wesley was a complicated man, that much he could tell. \"Good God what happened to you?\" Wesley and Adam both looked up. Ashley stood in front of them, a manila folder tucked in her arm. Neither one of them had really thought about the bruises on Wesley's face. \"Oh, um, we went to a club last night,\" Adam replied, not technically lying. \"Wesley got really drunk and ran into a wall.\" Again. Not technically lying. One of Ashley's eyebrows rose. \"Ran into a wall.\" Wesley gave a tight smile. \"Yeah, well. There could have been a couple punches thrown. Maybe I did something without realizing it and someone tried to kill me over it.\" Adam's eyes widened slightly. He swallowed. What was Wesley doing? Why was he telling her that? Ashley stared at them for a moment, her mouth slightly open. After a horrifying few seconds, a smile pushed its way across Ashley's lips and a laugh burst from her mouth. \"Oh Wesley, you're so funny!\" she responded, pushing playfully on his shoulder. \"Like our little Wesley could ever fight someone. I'd believe the wall story over that any day!\" She walked off, still laughing. Adam stared after her and then looked back at Wesley. \"What just happened?\" Wesley shrugged. \"People believe what they want to believe,\" he stood up and pushed his chair in. \"Come on. Let's go get something to eat.\" \"Did you find it?\" \"Yes, sir. It was in the library, just like you said.\" Lucien nodded and took the folder from Ravena. He perused its contents and nodded again. This would do nicely. She needed to see it. This would change everything. Perhaps it would finally convince her. Her throat felt scratchy as she spoke. \"I can't believe you called Daniel.\" \"What the hell else was I supposed to do? You were unconscious on the floor of your room. The only thing I knew about you was that you had a pulse. And technically, I called an ambulance, they called Daniel.\" Evie played with the bandage on her arm holding the IV in and stared at the unadorned wall next to her. She hated hospitals. She hated the smell of them; the sterile feeling of every hallway and room. She hated the way the doctors and nurses stared at you as if you were dying and gave fake smiles as if that was all it took to make you feel better. Matt fidgeted next to the door. He tugged on the sleeves he had rolled up at some point during the ambulance ride. Evie could still see him shaking slightly. She remembered the feeling. She remembered the first glimpse she had of her partner lying on his stomach, his lifeless eyes staring off into something she couldn't see. That burst of adrenaline that poured through her system as she beat down the panic that wanted to overtake her. \"I'm sorry.\" Matt didn't look at her. He kept his eyes on the wall above her head. \"You scared the shit out of me.\" \"I know,\" she responded. \"I'm sorry.\" \"Why didn't you clue me in on anything you were doing last night? What did you get in to? I had to explain to the paramedics that, no, you weren't a professional fighter,\" he took a deep breath. \"Evie, you've been in more fights in the last week than out of all the time I've known you.\" \"I'm sorry.\" Matt finally turned his attention from the light above her. \"You're sorry ? That's all you can say? I'm worried about you; worried sick . Ever since we've taken this case you've been different.\" \"I don't know what you mean.\" Matt straightened. \"Bullshit. If you don't want to tell me what's going on then fine, but don't lie to me.\" Evie's fist clenched, the skin near the IV twinging. She opened her mouth but shut it again. He was her partner. She didn't want to lie to him but she had to. He wouldn't believe it even if she told him. It's nothing personal Ms. Thomas. I just can't afford for you to be a liability any longer. Evie opened her mouth again. \"Matt. I can't-\" The door swung open, Daniel walking in with a clipboard in his hand. He gazed between Matt and Evie. Matt turned to him and Evie saw his mouth open slightly. \"Oh man,\" he said to her. \"I am so sorry.\" Evie's eyebrows furrowed and she winced at the movement. \"For wh-?\" \"Evangeline. Oh thank God.\" A rail thin woman made her way into the little room. She perched on the bed, the mattress hardly moving at her weight. A cold hand slid into Evie's and squeezed it gently. Evie's eyes moved to Daniel's accusingly. \"You called my mother ?!\" \"She had to know.\" \"Don't get mad at Daniel, Evangeline,\" her mother reprimanded. \"He did the right thing by letting me know. You're in the hospital. You're injured. What person in their right mind wouldn't call their mother?\" Evie could almost see her mother puffing up in worried anger. She had never been bigger than she was now. For as long as Evie could remember her mother had always been stick thin, a gene Evie had not inherited. She took after her father; a slim build that hid the solid muscle underneath. It was a runner's build. Evie gazed pleadingly at Matt for help. He tried to hide a grin by scratching his nose. She glared at him. \"Do you think you gentleman could give us a minute?\" \"Of course, Clara. Come Mr. Simonson. I think there is still someone waiting for you to fill out forms.\" Matt swiped his hand over his face, a look of exhaustion crossing it. \"Awesome. Can't wait,\" he looked pointedly at Evie. \"I'll talk to you in a bit.\" Evie offered a tight smile in return. \"Mom-\" Clara threw her arms around Evie's shoulders. She took a deep, shuddering breath and buried her face against Evie's neck. \"How could you do this to me again? As if once wasn't enough. As if I didn't already lose your father and almost lose you before. I don't think I could bear it.\" Evie stilled. She wasn't sure how to respond. Her mother had always been overly emotional. After her father's death Clara had done nothing but cry for weeks, understandable under the circumstances. Evie had caught her staring at her sadly every now and then, tears threatening to fall from her eyes. She had randomly pulled her into hugs, never saying anything, just holding her against her body, although Evie had always been able to feel the way her body shook as she cried silently. Evie wrapped her arm around her mother's shoulders. She tilted her head against her mother's. She didn't know what to say. \"Mom,\" she started but stopped as a jolt of pain went through her throat. Clara cupped her cheek and gave a watery smile. \"It's okay, Squish.\" Evie smiled at her childhood nickname. It was something her mother had started when she was a child. Clara always told her that she was her little Squish, that her chubby cheeks were the favorite part of Evie. She used to always squeeze them between her fingers, just a two fingered pinch as she passed her by. It had always caused a wide grin to cross her face. It wasn't something that had occurred often since her father's death. Clara pinched her cheek and pulled back. \"I'm sorry I was so brash. I was worried. Daniel called and all I could do was remember the last time, the one time, I got a call from them.\" Evie nodded in understanding. \"Dad.\" Clara's eyebrows drew together. Her fingers wrapped around Evie's. \"No, sweetie. It was for you.\" It was Evie's turn to look confused. \"What are you talking about?\" Clara squeezed Evie's hand. \"I keep forgetting you don't remember. Evie, I-\" \"I'm sorry to interrupt. Evangeline, I want to keep you here overnight for observation. It doesn't look to be anything too serious, but with the amount of contusions and the injury on your head I'd rather be safe about it. If all goes well you'll be able to go home in the morning. Clara, can I speak to you for a moment?\" Clara placed a kiss on Evie's forehead, careful of the bandages, and turned away. Evie watched her mother speak to Daniel from the picture window leading to the hallway. Her mother sent little glances at her, each one looking more distressed. Matt walked in front of the window with his phone pressed to his ear. He lifted his arm to knock until he saw her looking at him. \"Yes, sir. Of course. I'll get right on that.\" Matt pinched the bridge of his nose as he hung up. Evie scratched at the bruises on her throat. \"What is it?\" \"Forensics went over your place. Besides the numerous fingerprints that don't seem to belong to anyone, there's the tipped over bowl of bloody water to figure out,\" he paused, slouching down in the chair next to the bed. \"It'd be easier if you just told me what happened.\" \"I went to look for Mouse. I was told he'd be at Club 9. I went in but couldn't find him. A gentleman came up to me, telling me he had witnessed a murder. We went into the men's restroom where he proceeded to tell me what he knew. We were attacked by another man and I fought him off.\" Matt stared at her. \"And that's it,\" he stated. \"That's it.\" Matt pursed his lips and nodded slightly. \"What about the man that was handcuffed to your bed?\" \"What-\" \"Don't lie to me,\" he hissed, leaning forward to rest his elbows against his knees. \"Daniel told me what happened last night. He told me that you called him to check out some man that was injured. That you weren't going to bring him in. What are we going to find when we test that blood?\" Evie's chin lifted. She looked in Matt's eyes; saw the anger mixed with concern. She didn't want to hurt him but she didn't want to risk his life either. A voice came uninvited to her mind. The more you find out the more complicated all of this becomes. \"I found Wesley Gibson.\" She said quietly. \"What?\" \"Technically he found me. The man, Adam Meyers, witnessed Gibson killing another man. He was running from him when he ran in to me at Club 9.\" Matt took a deep breath. \"Was Gibson the one who attacked you?\" \"No. A different man did that. I sent Adam to call you. I guess he ran into Gibson when he went outside. The next thing I know Gibson is taking the other guy out. And before you ask, no, I don't know what happened to him. I called Daniel and left.\" Matt pinched the bridge of his nose again. \"You do realize the position you're in? You should have called this in last night. The local PD should have at least been brought in. Gibson should not have been taken to your apartment!\" \"What was I supposed to do Matt?\" Evie snapped. \"I needed answers. Gibson is the only clue I have for the Mill. He was there. I had to get answers before I turned him in.\" \"You had to? You couldn't have interrogated him like any normal suspect? You should have brought him in. You should have at least called me. We could have figured something out.\" \"I wasn't going to drag you in to it. If the department found out, I'd be the only one to get in trouble. I didn't want to pull you down too.\" \"And how did that work out for you?\" Evie's eyes narrowed. \"What do you mean?\" \"Did you get your answers, Evie? Where's Gibson now? I would assume you know since you had all of this handled.\" \"Gibson escaped when I was trying to change his bandages. He got the better of me. If Adam wasn't there when you found me then he took him.\" It wasn't technically a lie. Evie just didn't feel it was necessary to tell Matt about the other visitors. He wasn't going to be able to find out anything about them. They didn't exist. \"And how do you know they weren't in it together?\" \"You didn't see him, Matt. Adam was scared out of his mind. He was in shock when I got him to my apartment. I was going to bring them both in this morning.\" \"What else do you know about him?\" \"He works with Gibson. He said he witnessed him killing the man outside Rowdy's.\" \"Where did he say they worked?\" Evie shook her head. \"We didn't get that far in the conversation.\" Matt sighed. \"I'll call it in about Rowdy's. Maybe get a car over to check out the alley, see what they can find,\" he stood, brushing invisible dust from his pants. \"I've got to get into the office so I'll see you later. Let me know when they're releasing you.\" \"Matt-\" He lifted his hand and waved over his shoulder but didn't turn back. He left, taking a moment to speak to Clara and Daniel and then was gone from Evie's sight. He didn't even look back at her before he left. \"This is Agent Matt Simonson. I need you to send a squad car to Rowdy's on Fifty Fourth Street. Check the alley behind the bar. There was a possible homicide. Yeah, no. It was an anonymous tip. Yes. Let me know what you find.\" Matt took a deep breath and rested his head against the headrest. He closed his eyes. He was still parked in the hospital parking garage. The darkness fit his mood. Plus he didn't feel like actually going to office quite yet. He needed a few moments to think. He didn't want to handle this today. It was too much. He had always known Evie was headstrong; that she did what she wanted. People turned a blind eye to it as long as she produced results. But after this? He wasn't so sure it was going to be that simple. Evie'd had the suspect and then lost him. The only other lead they'd had against him had been lost as well. She was slipping. She was falling further and further into this case and not paying attention to anything else that was going on around her. And that had almost cost her her life. Matt was afraid she would topple over the edge if she went on like this much longer. His phone chirped. He brought it to his ear without opening his eyes. \"Simonson.\" \"Hey, lover.\" A smile crept over his lips. No matter his mood, the sound of her voice would always have that reaction. \"Hey.\" \"You sound terrible. You okay?\" \"Yeah, fine,\" Matt wiped his hand down his face. \"It's been a long day.\" \"I'm sorry,\" her voice turned coy. \"I know something that can make it better.\" \"And what is that?\" Caroline laughed. \"You'll have to come home to find out.\" Matt chuckled as well. \"You have no idea how good that sounds right now, but I can't. I have to get back to the office. Rain check?\" \"Of course. Just don't keep me waiting. I miss you.\" \"Miss you too. I'll be home later.\" \"Oh, hey. We should invite Evie over for dinner tomorrow. It's been a while since she's been over.\" Matt hesitated, the smile falling from his lips. \"Yeah. I'll do that.\" \"Are you sure you're all right?\" \"Yeah. Really. I'm fine. I'll see you when I get home.\" Caroline sighed. \"Okay. I'll see you then. Just . . . just be careful okay?\" \"I always am.\" \"And tell Evie 'hi' for me.\" \"I will.\" Matt sighed as he hung up. He may as well get to the office. He couldn't do anything until the local PD called him back. He started the ignition and pulled out of the parking spot. May as well get the rest of his day started. \"You look well, Ms. Thomas.\" Evie stirred at the cultured voice. \"It's so good of you to care.\" She muttered sleepily. She could hear the smirk is his voice as he slipped into the chair next to her. \"Of course. Was the visit with your mother satisfying?\" Evie slowly turned over toward him. She pushed up to lean against the pillows. \"Is there something you need, Mr. Caius?\" His mouth turned up in a one sided smile. He placed a manila folder on the edge of the tray table and scooted it toward her. \"I simply wanted to give you this.\" Evie's fingers curled away from the file. She eyed it with mild curiosity. \"Why should I take anything from you?\" \"Because it is something that you will find most interesting, Ms. Thomas,\" his head tilted slightly in the dim light. \"And because it pertains to you.\" Evie's finger touched just the corner of the file. \"What do you mean?\" Lucien idly crossed his legs. \"You will have to read it, Ms. Thomas.\" Her eyes narrowed at him. The man had tried to kill her just a day before. Hell, he'd probably still try when given the chance. He wasn't someone that she trusted. She couldn't possibly guess what could be in the folder. \"Why are you here?\" \"I thought we covered that already.\" \"You tried to kill me.\" \"I did and I stand by my reasoning. You're getting yourself too involved in matters that don't concern you. You are endangering yourself and everyone you care about.\" \"Don't give me that bullshit.\" \"As eloquent as ever Ms. Thomas.\" Evie gave him a sarcastic smile and pulled the file closer. She flipped it open, aware of Lucien watching her from the corner of her eye. Her eyebrows furrowed as she began scanning the pages. Evie felt her heart begin to pound as she read further. \"This can't be right.\" AN: I, in no way, feel the way Evie does about hospitals or their staff. I've been hospitalized before and the nurses are nothing if not the nicest people I have ever met. Just thought I would put that out there. I also felt that it was about time we met her mother. She was just a blurb of a mention in an earlier chapter but I didn't want to leave her as that. She will be semi-important in Evie finding out a lot of stuff she doesn't know. I hope you all enjoyed![Chapter 10] Every Day is Exactly the Same Chapter Nine: Shatter Me There had to be something, anything , in the old files. She just needed something to show her what she needed to see. Something to prove that what Caius had shown her was wrong. That everything had been a lie. The headache that had been forming since the day before intensified. Her entire body ached. Evie squinted her eyes as she scanned the boxes on the shelves, running her fingers along each label. She would find the files. Right now that was all that mattered. Matt being pissed at her wasn't bothering her. He'd get over it. He had known what he was getting into by accepting her as a partner. He knew she was difficult. He knew she liked to do things her own way. She couldn't just change her ways because he didn't like it. And she knew he wasn't going to like this. Evie knew he wasn't going to understand that she was digging for her father's files. Matt already didn't understand why she hadn't called him when she found Gibson. \"Evie?\" Evie stopped at her name and tilted her head to the side as much as her bruised neck would allow, her fingers stilling on the box next to her, to look at Amanda from the corner of her eye. \"I didn't realize you were in here.\" \"Yeah, sorry.\" She croaked out. Amanda stood at the end of the aisle, her eyes narrowed. \"Did you need something? You know I could have found it for you.\" \"I didn't want to bother you.\" Amanda brightened. \"No bother. Did you try searching in the database?\" Evie nodded distractedly. \"They're not in there. These would've been from twenty years ago.\" Amanda gave a low whistle. \"Diggin' deep there. For the case you're working?\" Evie nodded again as Amanda walked closer. Worry etched her features as she took in the myriad of bruises marring her skin. \"Damn. They said you were injured but I didn't realize you'd gotten your ass kicked.\" Evie swallowed, an image of a muscular arm clutching her throat flickering through her mind. \"The file number is F326. Lead agent was Sam Thomas.\" If Amanda registered the similarities in the last name, she didn't show it. \"No wonder you couldn't find it,\" she responded, edging past Evie. \"You're in the wrong aisle. Defunct and cold case files are this way.\" Evie's heart skipped at Amanda's words. She didn't know. Amanda had no idea the only reason the case had gone cold was because he'd been killed. \"Here it is. You want me to bring it to the review room?\" \"If it's alright with you I just want to look at it here.\" Amanda shrugged. \"Not common, but I'll let you.\" A buzz sounded through the room. \"I better get that. Let me know if you need something else.\" \"I will.\" Evie pulled the box to the floor, knelt on the cement floor, rested her chin on her knee and rifled through the contents. Notebooks and folders full of familiar handwriting that caused her breath to hitch. Print outs of police reports that her father thought may have corresponded to the case. Photos that went with each print out; each one just as bloody as the one before. She could almost hear his voice speaking as her fingers traced the words. Evie skimmed every word, devouring anything that could pertain to the murders now. She couldn't find any connection between any of them. They were all just random killings. Only one bullet was ever recovered. A bullet that couldn't be traced. Each victim was an upstanding citizen. No rap sheets; nothing that would offer any clue as to why they were chosen. Most had families. Many were older business owners or top executives of major companies. Evie took note of the names, jotting down if there had been any surviving relatives at the time. She had to give it to him. Her father kept massively detailed notes. It was the last page that stopped her. Her father stared up at her, an easy smile gracing his lips and a laugh in his eyes. Evie ran her fingers over the picture. She remembered that smile. He would give it to her every night when he got home. It was something she looked forward to every day. That one small smile could erase any rough moment from the day. Evie's brow furrowed. There was one night he came home earlier. She remembered now that he came home without his usual smile. But the rest was a blank. As hard as she tried, she couldn't remember what had caused a normally easy man to be so wound up. It was as if a wall had been erected in her mind, blocking the memory from her. She pinched the bridge of her nose and closed her eyes as the headache deepened. She just wished the pain would go away. With a deep breath she opened her eyes and flipped the page in the file. Evie stopped breathing. No. It wasn't. That's not- She read the page again, still refusing to believe. He could not have been right. Cause of death: single bullet wound to the head. \"Simonson.\" Matt answered, tucking the phone between his shoulder and cheek, his fingers still tapping the keys on the keyboard. \"This is Amanda in records,\" Amanda paused. \"You may want to come down here.\" Matt's brow furrowed as he half paid attention to her and half paid attention to what he was typing. \"What's going on?\" \"It's just-\"Amanda paused again. \"You should just come down here.\" Matt sighed, pushed back from the desk and stood. It had already been a long day and it had only just started. At least it had been productive. Nothing had come up from searching the alley behind Rowdy's but Uniforms were combing the streets searching for the surprisingly common name of Wesley Gibson. Matt would've thought that a Wesley Gibson who worked in an office building would have narrowed it down. Of course he couldn't be that lucky. Matt even would have thought that searching for an Adam that worked with a Wesley Gibson would have helped out some. But no. Surprisingly there were more than he ever thought possible. He leaned his back against the elevator wall, balancing himself on the balls of his feet as the car shook when it started going down. There was just never any good luck with this case. The best news they had was an actual suspect. Which Evie had found. Twice. And lost. Twice. Matt was just hoping something would break in this case. The ding from the elevator caused him to open his eyes and lift his head. Matt stepped out of the elevator as the doors opened. He nodded to another man that was waiting in the hallway. He dragged his fingers against the rough sides of the wall, taking his time. He wasn't sure what Amanda needed, but she hadn't said it was an emergency. The scream that echoed down the corridor halted his steps. Matt's head jerked up, his eyes searching. Seconds later he broke out in a run. Amanda was at the door to records, stopping the few agents from entering. Her worried eyes met his and she waved him through without a word. Matt pushed through the door and looked around the empty aisles. A soft sob pulled him to the back, causing him to walk as quickly as he could. Matt stopped at the edge of an aisle, his eyes landing on the hunched over figure kneeling on the floor. He didn't hesitate, his was irritation pushed aside. His partner needed him. Her eyes widened as the memory struck her like a sledge hammer. She fell forward, her hands gripping the reports tightly, her unkempt hair sliding to cover her face. Evie's vision grew blurry, unshed tears pooling in her eyes. The sob burst from her throat before she could stop it. Evie hunched over, dropping the reports, and wrapped her arms around her stomach, her nails biting into her sides through her shirt. Hot tears trailed down her cheeks. She felt the anguished scream build up in her chest but barely noticed as it tore through her throat. She didn't move, didn't do anything but let the tears fall. Evie didn't resist as two arms folded around her, pulling her against a hard chest. A cheek pressed against the top of her head, a hand cupped her neck. \"Shh,\" a soft voice said. \"It's okay, Evie. It's okay.\" The tears didn't stop. She had a feeling they would never stop. He held her for what seemed an eternity, just silently sitting with her as she cried. Finally the tears slowed. \"Come on.\" Matt finally said. \"Let's get you home.\" \"No,\" she croaked. \"Not yet. I-I need to finish here. I have to know.\" \"We can take it with us. You don't need to be here like this.\" \"Matt-\" \"Either stand up or I swear to God I'll carry you out.\" Evie snorted through the tears. She poked him half heartedly in the stomach. \"As if you could.\" Matt moved his hands to cup her cheeks, his thumbs brushing away the stray tears. \"I'm a guy. I'd somehow find it in me to do it,\" a small grin split his lips. \"I'd totally carry you out princess style.\" Evie stared into his eyes, confusion flickering through her own. This wasn't the reaction she had expected from him. She had expected him to be furious with her; to yell at her or, at the very least, give her only terse responses. Maybe even the silent treatment. She would have been fine with that. That she could've handled. She deserved nothing less. Instead she was receiving kindness and concern. While his humor was still there, Evie could tell it was forced. Even though his lips were smiling his eyes weren't. Little creases took up residence between his brows. It was something that appeared when he was concerned. She flicked her eyes away, focused on the loosened knot of his tie and took a deep breath to calm herself. If she could just collect her thoughts, just concentrate on his familiar scent, she would be fine. Evie took a deep breath and then exhaled. It was going to be okay. She needed this. She could make it through this. As long as he was by her side. She finally nodded. \"Okay. Help me collect this and we can go.\" Matt nodded. He didn't ask her what the paperwork was as he handed the sheets to her. He didn't ask why she hadn't let him know she was at the office or why she was disobeying their boss by even being there. She'd been ordered on a week's leave. Time to heal up, he had told her. Evie placed her hand on Matt's wrist. He stopped and looked up at her. \"Thank you.\" \"Pfft,\" he waved her off. \"What else was I going to do?\" Evie took a deep breath and closed her eyes. \"Can we stop somewhere before home?\" Matt perked up. \"Donuts?\" A smile played on Evie's lips. \"Not exactly.\" Matt took a sip of the coffee and flipped a page in the folder. He had to admit it; Evie's father had been one hell of an agent. He'd noted things that even Matt would have missed. The details were perfect and should make finding whatever Evie was looking for fairly simple. If only he knew what she was looking for. Matt fell back against the cushions, the folder dropping into his lap. He wiped his hand over his face. He didn't get it. Obsessive was one thing, reckless was another. He'd never seen her this bad. Evie seemed almost frantic to figure whatever this was out. This was the one bad thing about working with this otherwise brilliant agent. If only she would open up a little bit more. Matt knew her father had been killed when she was younger. And that it wasn't an event that she really remembered much of. He assumed that was the reason they were here today. Evie wouldn't have asked him to bring him to her Clara's if it didn't have to deal with his death. He couldn't even remember the last time Evie had willingly come to her mother's brick house. There were the every other week's dinners. There were holidays, but even those Evie couldn't always commit to. Matt wasn't even one hundred percent sure they got together for birthdays. Matt wasn't sure what had caused the rift between them but he had always figured it had started to form after her father's death. He wished they could mend it. Life wasn't long enough to dwell on past hurts. He opened his eyes and turned his gaze to the kitchen doorway. He just hoped Evie was finding out what she needed to know. \"When Daniel told me you checked yourself out against doctor's orders, I knew you were going to try and get into trouble.\" \"I'm not getting in trouble, mom. I had a lead and I needed to follow it.\" Her mother sighed in frustration, her knuckles turning white from her grip on her mug. \"And what about your health? Is anything in your job worth more than your life?\" \"Mom, it's about dad,\" Evie responded quietly, not quite meeting her eyes. Clara straightened in her seat. \"What about him?\" \"Tell me about the day he died.\" Clara pulled her hands into her lap, twisting her fingers together. \"I don't-\" \"Mom.\" The pleading in Evie's voice stopped whatever Clara was about to say. She gazed over at her disheveled daughter. Her hair, normally pulled back in a loose knot at the back of her neck, hung around her shoulders in messy waves. The collar of her t-shirt was stretched as if she had been hooking her finger in it and pulling. The various bruises covering her neck and cheek were dark against her pale skin. \"Are you sure you want to know this?\" \"Yes.\" Clara sighed. \"It was a normal day Evangeline. Nothing happened until . . .\" \"You said you never got a call about his death.\" \"No.\" \"Why?\" Clara hesitated. \"Because he was home.\" \"What do you mean he was home?\" Evie asked as panic started to clutch at her chest. Her fingers twisted into her shirt collar. \"Why was he home?\" Clara spread her hands slightly. \"He finished early I guess. I was just as surprised, albeit confused, that he was home so soon. You ran to the front door as soon as you heard the lock. The next thing I heard was you screaming. \"I ran to you, soap still dripping from my hands, and found you standing by the door. You were just standing there screaming, staring at your father's body. You were- you were covered-\" Clara stopped and closed her eyes against the memory. Her hands clenched, her nails biting into her palms. She inhaled sharply to steady herself. Evie reached out to grip her mother's hand. \"It's okay.\" \"No, Squish, it's not. They told me that one day you would remember, that one day the shock would wear off and you would remember everything from that day. They always told me not to say anything, to let the memory come back on its own. When you still never talked about it years later I hoped that it would never come back. \"It's not something that you should have to bear, Squish. Not seeing your father killed like that. And then you became an agent. I thought doing that would jog your memory but it didn't. What's different now? What's made you ask questions? What's made you remember?\" \"I think dad's last case may be tied to mine.\" \"Why? That was twenty years ago.\" \"I know,\" Evie sighed and leaned back in her seat. \"There are too many similarities. Everything is leading the same way. Dad's files are helping put everything together. I think, maybe, that whoever was killing the victims back then killed dad, too. He was getting so close to finding out who the killer was.\" A look of confusion crossed Clara's face. \"That's not a lot to go on, Evangeline.\" Evie nodded. \"I know. But it's all I have. I thought if maybe I knew more about his death I'd be able to figure out a little bit more on this case.\" Clara started to respond until Matt spoke up. \"Sorry to interrupt.\" \"Yeah, Simonson.\" \"Agent Simonson this is Officer MacManus. My partner and I believe we've found the men you're looking for.\" Matt bolted upright. \"Gibson?\" \"We believe so. Receptionist says there're two men fitting the descriptions you gave us working on the fifth floor of the MacPherson Building.\" \"Great. Fantastic,\" Matt replied, piling the folders together and putting them back in the box. \"I want you to stay on that building but don't move in. My partner and I will be there soon.\" Matt grabbed his jacket and made his way to the kitchen, pausing just outside of the doorway as he caught sight of the two women. Evie looked like she had collapsed in on herself. Her shoulders were hunched, her head hung low. He could see her worrying the collar of her shirt, alternately twisting it around her finger and tucking it between her lips. She was only moments away from breaking down again and it worried him. He wasn't used to seeing this side of his partner. He wasn't sure he liked it. \"Sorry to interrupt,\" he finally said. Clara looked up, pulling her hand away from Evie's and tucking it in her lap. \"It's no problem Matt.\" Evie twisted in her seat and placed her arm on the back of the chair. She straightened when she saw the look on his face. \"What is it?\" \"We've gotta go.\" He could see Clara tense at his words. Matt knew she wasn't going to like what he had to say, especially since it meant her already injured daughter was going out in the field. Still, he couldn't help but feel a smile cross his lips. \"We gotta go,\" he repeated. \"They found him. They found Gibson.\" \"We move in fast,\" Evie said, tucking the comm. in her ear. \"If Gibson knows we're on to him, he'll rabbit. It is of the utmost importance that he not know we're here. Agent Simonson and I will take the direct route through the lobby and up the elevators. \"Alpha team, you'll head up the staircase on the left; Beta, you'll take the right. Men will be left on every landing. If you run into him, do not engage . Gibson is extremely dangerous and not to be taken lightly. Remember, this is a man wanted for taking out dozens of people single handedly. Understood?\" A chorus of confirmation answered her. \"Good. Then let's go.\" The officers moved away, the two groups parting to take their positions, their heavy footsteps pounding on the tiled floor. Every one of them had guns in their hands, the muzzles lowered to the ground. Evie's hand rested on her own gun and then shifted to the buttons on her suit jacket. Matt watched her from the corner of his eye, taking note of her nervous movements. He reached out, covering her hand with his, stilling her movements. \"We'll get him,\" he said. Evie nodded and stepped into the elevator, Matt and the two officers stepping in as well. \"According to building layouts, there is a small entryway once we get off the elevator. The area is out of direct line of sight of any of the employees. Matt and I will go in to find Gibson. The two of you will stay at the elevator. Stop anyone from coming or going.\" \"Yes ma'am.\" The doors opened and the two officers stepped out first, moving to the sides of the doors. Evie moved out, tugging her jacket over her gun. Her eyes scanned the room, taking note of the men and women sitting at the numerous cubicles. Most were busy working on computers, others conversed amongst themselves. A few looked up with curious looks, craning their necks to see over the partition. Matt moved off to the side and began speaking to the receptionist. She nodded at his question and pointed to the right. Evie caught movement from the corner of her eye and turned her head. A dark haired man was walking away on the other side of the room, the right height and stature, his back to them. Gibson. It had to be. With another glance at Matt, she turned away, moving to follow. People watched her. One went to stand but Evie motioned her down. A tall blonde woman stood in front of another cubicle talking to a man. His head turned to look toward the elevators, all color slipping from his face. Adam . \"Adam's next to the tall blonde,\" she muttered into the comm. at her neck. \"Gotcha,\" Matt responded, his voice crackling in her ear. A phone started ringing somewhere in the room but she paid it no heed. Moments later she stood in the doorway to the break room, Gibson standing at the counter with his back to her. He stirred his coffee and scratched the stubble on his cheek apparently oblivious to her standing there. Evie leaned against the doorframe and took him in. His dark hair was mussed as if he'd been constantly run his fingers through it. He seemed relaxed but Evie could see the subtle readiness he was hiding. She could tell he would be ready for anything that came his way. Despite the baggy button down shirt he wore she could almost see the muscles in his back moving as he made his coffee. Wesley stiffened suddenly as if he had heard something. He tucked the red straw in his mouth and turned, his eyes lifting to hers. A smile tipped up one side of Evie's lips. \"Well hello there, Wesley.\" AN: And the chapter is done! I realized recently that it had been two years and I kicked myself for it. But it's up now. Writing seems to be flowing right now and it's only been three months since I've updated (something at least) so I think I might be on a roll. We'll have to wait and see. I know Wesley wasn't in this chapter until the end but I tried writing him into it and it didn't flow very well. Luckily, the next chapter will be all him! I hope you're as excited about that as I am! I don't have time to respond to all of the reviews right now, but know that I read all of them (sometimes several times. They do get me inspired) and I am extremely thankful that all of you read this![Chapter 11] Every Day is Exactly the Same Chapter Ten: Hesitation Wesley didn't consider himself a good man. He couldn't. Not after everything he'd done; after all the people he'd killed. It didn't matter that they'd been killers. It didn't matter that he was saving his own life by taking theirs. It was still taking a life. He could remember a time when just the thought of a simple confrontation with a cheating girlfriend and a lying best friend would have sent him into convulsions. He could remember a time when just the thought repulsed him. And then he remembered his first kill. He remembered the thrill that coursed through him as he moved away on the train with Fox at his side. And he remembered how easily killing came to him after that. All of the struggle, the hesitation, the doubt, that came before had vanished. Until Cross. He'd found out later how many people had been sent after Cross. But he could have just chalked that up to Sloane not wanting to let someone who knew his secret live. They'd hounded him until they got Wesley strong enough to take him on. And it was that hesitation that changed his life for the second time in just over a month. It was that hesitation that made him realize people he had trusted had lied to him; had used him. It was the reason he did what he did. And the reason his life changed for a third time. He'd taken it easy. He'd kept just under the radar to avoid suspicion. He'd lived a quiet life. Had gone back to the crappy life he'd lived before the Fraternity had taken over his life. Wesley worked and slept; avoided getting too close to anyone. He harmlessly flirted with Ashley. He went out with co-workers; allowing them to believe he was just as normal as they were. Hell, sometimes even he began to believe his own lie. Then the Fraternity had found him. He was honestly surprised it had taken them this long. It wasn't like he was hiding, really. He'd kept his own name, continued living in the same city. He even stuck with the same job. Some part of him had always known they would come for him. The red head had been too easy. He wasn't one hundred percent sure she gave it her all. It wasn't like them to go down so easily. But she'd been gone when he went back out later; not even the trail of blood left on the bricks where he'd slammed her head. Wesley knew it wouldn't end with her. It never did. His life became more complicated once the FBI found him. He'd been stupid, letting his mind wander as his feet took him to God knows where. When he met her outside his old apartment his only instinct had been to run. Even with the weapon nestled at the small of his back, Wesley only wanted to run. He figured he would have lost her. He figured she would have given up after a couple blocks. But she didn't. He figured she wouldn't have been able to keep up with him. But she did. When she finally drew her weapon on him; finally demanded a confrontation, Wesley stopped. He prepared himself for anything. Prepared himself for what he would have to do if she attacked him. What he hadn't been prepared for was the glint of the gun in the distance. He hadn't been prepared to save the woman's life. He hadn't been prepared to realize that she had also saved his. Wesley also wasn't ready for the thoughts that pushed through his mind as he'd been pressed against the woman. She hadn't been afraid; he'd give her that. She'd been more pissed than anything else. He'd admired her for that. And he'd been amused when she struck at him. She was capable. That fight could have lasted longer had she not slipped. The moment her head hit the cement he'd started to move, to step over her and move on, to get out of the open. But he hesitated. Again. Wesley had turned back to her. He had stood above her, staring down at the unconscious woman. Her head was turned to the side, strands of hair pulled from the knot at the nape of her neck stuck to her cheek. The water from the puddle rippled as she breathed. She was alive. Good. He could go. Wesley turned to walk away again but stopped. Fucking hesitation. Next thing he knew she was in his arms, her head cradled in between his neck and shoulder. He tried not to think of how she felt in his arms, the way the heat from her body seeped through his own clothes to his skin. Wesley had travelled through the streets, taking back ways to avoid suspicion. He had left her at Lucien's after making him promise to get her safely home. When the Fraternity attacked again the following week he hadn't been prepared for it. He hadn't been prepared to kill another human being even if it was in self-defense. Wesley hadn't hesitated. His reflexes took over as he snapped the man's neck. He hadn't hesitated as Adam ran away from him. He hadn't hesitated when he was led to the bathroom and had seen the agent being choked to death against the far wall. Wesley had lunged across the room, sliding the last few feet among broken glass and shattered tile, to land a hit on the outside of his elbow hard enough to cause the bone to crack. She dropped to the floor as Wesley continued his attack until his opponent fell. Then he'd turned to her, blinking against the sweat that dripped in his eyes and the darkness that threatened to envelope him. The agent had put up a fight, he could see that from the cuts and bruises on her face. He wished there was something more he could do for her. Wesley should have run. He should have left when he had the chance; before she could come to her senses. But he didn't. He hesitated. Again. Then it was too late. The darkness consumed him. The next thing he'd been aware of was the pain. And the fact that he was handcuffed to a bed. There were worse places to be, he supposed. And then he'd seen the agent sleeping in the chair across from him. Her chin resting on her chest, one hand fisted against her cheek. A bandage was on her forehead, another one wrapped around her forearm. She'd shifted slightly, moved against the back of the chair. He'd watched her for a moment, his eyes tracing her curves as she moved. Even in sleep she was graceful. He'd looked up at his arm after a second, deciding the best way to get free. Wesley had cursed softly as the metal ground against the headboard. He hadn't been able to help himself staring as she unfolded from the chair and stretched. The way she moved called to him. The way she perched on the side of the bed to clean his wounds. Wesley had almost hated to do what he did next. He'd attacked, catching her by surprise. The fight hadn't been anything. He would've been able to get away had Lucien not intervened. Had Lucien not come with two other former Fraternity. The agent, Evangeline, Lucien had called her, had gone on the offensive. She'd fought with everything she had to keep them from taking Wesley. Wesley had finally stopped them, stopped Ravena, Lucien's second, from killing her. He'd placed his hand on her dark skin, didn't even spare her a glance, and punched Evangeline. Her body slumped and Ravena reluctantly let her fall. He'd walked away, his mind telling him to turn back, collected a petrified Adam and left. Wesley hadn't waited for them to follow; he knew they would. He knew they wouldn't do anything that would put his decision to help them in jeopardy. He'd made sure Adam stayed with him. He didn't need any more of the Fraternity making him nervous. He wanted Adam to stay safe Wesley had stayed up that night, watching Adam sleep. He wasn't sure how his friend would handle the events of the night. He'd seen and heard enough to drive him crazy. Wesley wished Adam hadn't been brought into his world. And he knew what Lucien's plan would be if it were left up to him. He couldn't stop his thoughts from turning to the woman they'd left on the floor. He'd seen the panic in her eyes as she'd attempted to free herself from Ravena's grasp. She'd tried to hide it. She'd tried to hide it beneath the anger but he could still see it. She knew she was going to die. And he didn't hesitate. He didn't hesitate to protect her. He wasn't sure why. Maybe it was because she wasn't a part of this world. Maybe it was because he admired her tenacity in chasing him. For a woman who claimed to know everything he'd done and could do, she never hesitated to go after him. And she didn't hesitate when she tried to stop Lucien from taking Wesley. She didn't hesitate when she attempted to fight a room full of Fraternity. She didn't hesitate to fight with everything she had even though she knew she could not win. Despite the huge odds against her, she still fought. Now he sat at his desk, blearily staring at his computer screen, Adam whispering to him words that he barely heard. Wesley wiped his hands over his face and dug the heels of his palms into his eyes, attempting to wipe the sleep from them. He should have slept the night before but he'd been so afraid he's wake up and Adam would be gone; that Adam would have left because Wesley's life was too much to take. After staring cross eyed at his monitor for several more minutes, he stood, muttered something to Adam about getting coffee and left. Wesley walked down the rows of cubicles similar to his own and wondered what else he could have become after the Fraternity. He'd wanted to be normal, to be something different then what he'd been taught to be. And he'd done that. But did he had to go back to doing exactly what he'd done before the Fraternity? Did he have to go back to being exactly what he'd been? A faceless cog in a thankless job? Wesley sighed and ran his hand over his face again. He had known this was exactly what he needed. He needed to be faceless. He needed to be able to hide in plain sight; to be someone who was seen every day but was never really noticed. Wesley scratched his chin as he poured his coffee, his back to the door. The two-day old stubble scratched under his fingers. He had work to catch up on. He really didn't have time to waste standing here making his coffee. He needed to be focusing on his work but his mind kept straying to the FBI agent, Evangeline, they'd left lying on her bedroom floor. Adam had talked about how she'd believed him; how she'd helped him and then tried to protect him from the man Wesley had ultimately taken out. But Wesley also knew she'd been getting too close to him and the Fraternity. Lucien had tried to talk reason to him. He'd told Wesley to just leave Adam and the agent, to move on to somewhere else. To finally leave with them so they could finish Cross's mission. Wesley took a deep breath, closing his eyes, and released it slowly. But he didn't want that. He still wanted to live a normal life. He still wanted to have normal friends even if that meant they never found out who he really was. What he did. A ringing finally made it through his thoughts. Phones ringing weren't uncommon. That wasn't what was drawing his attention. The lack of conversations going in the background was what really drew him from his reverie. Why was everyone so quiet? He stiffened. Tucking the red stir stick into his mouth, he turned, his head down. His steps didn't falter as his eyes fell on a pair of black boots, set slightly apart. His gaze lifted, taking in the long legs clad in black slacks, a tucked in white button down shirt with a black jacket over it. A pale hand rested on a gun at the woman's waist. Wesley's eyes finally met a pair of amused hazel eyes. One corner of her lips lifted. He hesitated. Shit. \"Well hello there, Wesley.\" AN: It's not the best chapter, but I thought it was about time we had Wesley's point of view. I know we've had bits and pieces but I wanted a little more than that. I know it's a bit of a rehash of other chapters (after this amount of time it kinda needed to be) but I promise the next chapter will be all new stuff since all of the characters have finally made it into one place together. Man the next chapter is going to be exciting.[Chapter 12] Every Day is Exactly the Same Chapter Eleven: Friction They took every precaution they could think of: he was handcuffed to the table, the cuffs hooked through a loop in the table and shackles were around each foot, attaching him to the chair legs. At least they afforded him the luxury of being able to sit up. He hadn't been left alone, either. Evangeline sat in the room with him, sitting across the metal able. They'd been sitting in silence for the last thirty minutes, staring at each other, reading each other. \"You know,\" she finally started. \"I remember you.\" Wesley's eyes moved to hers, but he said nothing. She gave a small smile. \"Yeah, I do. I saw you next to an ATM. You were all beat up and bloody. So many people walked right by you,\" she paused, tapping her finger on the table. \"But I saw you. \"And I remember thinking that it was weird that there was this man sitting just blocks away from a crime scene I'd just left. I'm sure you remember it, right? The Mill? Over a dozen bodies scattered through every level. First floor looked like an army had gone through it. But do you want to know my favorite floor? The one that had all of us scratching our heads?\" Wesley didn't respond, not that she thought he would. Evie pulled a photo from the folder she'd brought in. She placed it on the table and slid it toward him. He glanced at it at first but then leaned forward to get a better look when he realized what he was looking at. \"It was a library, of sorts, filled with all sorts of fascinating books. But I won't go into that. What's interesting, what had us stumped for so long, was that every victim in this room was seemingly killed by the same shot. Crazy, right?\" \"I didn't kill them.\" Evie leaned forward, crossing her arms on the table. \"Didn't kill who? Anyone? Just these? Because, you know, it's odd. We ran every fingerprint in that building before it blew up, along with a lot of good agents and officers. And, you know, the only print that didn't belong to someone we'd bagged up was yours.\" Wesley didn't even flinch at her words. Evie leaned back in the chair, pulling up the sleeves on her coat. Wesley didn't miss the bruises and bandages on her arms \"I've dealt with a lot of crazy killers in my time. All the weird ones cross my desk,\" she paused, staring into his bright eyes. \"The Mill was the only one I could never solve, and it ate at me for years.\" She pulled another picture from the folder and slid it to him. \"And then poor Mrs. Carlisle gets killed inside her panic room,\" she pushed another one, \"and Mr. Hicks who was killed in an elevator. And let's not forget Mrs. Ventura who gets killed in front of her son in a public pool.\" Wesley's eyes flicked down again. \"I didn't kill them,\" he repeated. \"So you keep saying and yet I don't believe you.\" \"Believe what you want, but I didn't kill them.\" \"I know what you can do Wesley.\" \"I don't know what you're talking about.\" She snorted. \"Of course you don't.\" A knock on the window stopped her from saying anything else. Evie stood, carefully collected all the photos on the table and straightened, the folder tucked against her side. \"I'll be back in a minute. You need anything? Water?\" Wesley didn't respond. \"Great.\" With only one quick glance back at him, she left the room, the door clicking shut behind her. Wesley kept his face blank. There was no need for whoever was behind the mirror to see him start to panic. Not that he was. He'd been in worse situations. He slouched down in the seat, testing how far the chains on his feet would go. Not far, just as he'd assumed. He'd have to have some help getting out of those. Wesley clenched his fists, subtly pulling at the chains hooked into the table. More durable then the ones she'd used before. At least she'd been smart about that. He could break the cuffs on his hands no problem. Wesley figured that would lead to someone from behind the mirror bursting through the door, gun drawn. That would give him what he needed to break the chains on his feet. He turned his gaze from the mirror to the door. The main problem would be the dozens of agents on the other side of that door. He had no desire to kill any of them, but he knew things would turn for the worse. Wesley sighed and sat up straight, his gaze going back to the mirror. Things were definitely complicated. \"What do you think he's thinking about?\" Matt asked. \"Probably about how screwed he is,\" Klein answered. \"Is this why I was pulled out of the room?\" Evie asked. She crossed her arms over her chest as she leaned against the window, her eyes never leaving Wesley. \"To contemplate what he's thinking about?\" \"Pruitt wanted you out,\" Matt answered without turning to her. \"But, seriously. He's been accused of dozens of murders and he's just sitting there. If he was innocent you'd think he'd be terrified and pleading to be released.\" Evie snorted. \"He's not innocent Matt. I've seen first hand what he's capable of. We have his fingerprints on one of the murder weapons and he was seen near the Mill after the attack. That's too many coincidences. Why did Pruitt want me out?\" \"He didn't say. Maybe he just really likes looking at himself in the mirror.\" Evie pinched the bridge of her nose. \"Seriously? He's probably figuring a way out.\" \"That would be insane,\" Klein scoffed. \"No one's that stupid.\" \"You'd be surprised,\" Matt responded. The door opened suddenly, drawing the three agents' attention. \"Good, you're all here.\" \"Sir, why-\" Pruitt shook his head and quirked a finger at them. \"Simonson and Thomas, come with me. Klein,\" he stopped and shook his head. \"Would you do some work please?\" Matt snorted at Klein's upraised brow and followed Evie out. \"I can get him to talk.\" She stated. \"You're lucky I even allowed you in there, Thomas,\" Pruitt responded, signing a form someone pushed in front of him. \"Especially after how you've acted during this entire investigation. In fact,\" he turned to her, \"I'm pretty sure you're still supposed to be on leave.\" \"I'm fine.\" \"Tell me why I don't send your ass home right now and let Simonson take over this case.\" Evie bristled. \"I've been the lead on this case for a year-\" \"That's not good enough.\" \"They've been my leads that have brought-\" Pruitt shook his head. \"Still not good enough.\" \"I'm the best damn-\" \"Why was Gibson's blood found at your apartment?\" Evie drew up straight, her words dying on her tongue. \"The blood work came back on those bandages at your apartment. It matched with blood work from the Mill, so I'm going to assume it's going to match any blood we take from him too.\" \"Sir?\" an agent called. \"In a minute,\" Pruitt responded. \"It better be a good goddamn answer, Thomas.\" Evie's hands clenched into fists. \"I doubt anything I say will be good enough, sir.\" Matt stepped up, putting a hand on her shoulder. \"Evie.\" Pruitt shook his head. \"You know what? I think you should just-\" \"Sir?\" the agent called out again. \"What Kowalski?!\" Kowalski just looked at him, unmoved by Pruitt's outburst. \"Gibson's lawyer is here.\" Three sets of eyes turned to look at Kowalski. His eyebrows rose, and he jerked a thumb over his shoulder. Evie was the first to see him. Her muscles tensed, her right hand instinctively going to her weapon. His eyes flicked to her hand and a small smile crossed his lips. He gave a slight shake of his head. He leaned on a cane as he walked, belying the swift and sure movements she'd witnessed before. \"Lucien Caius,\" his normal accent was nowhere to be heard. \"I would like to speak to my client. Alone, please.\" Evie held his gaze. She shouldn't let him anywhere near Gibson; shouldn't even let him be in the same building as Gibson. \"Of course, Mr. Caius,\" Pruitt answered. \"Agent Thomas will take you to him.\" \"I'm not-\" She stopped at the look Pruitt gave her. She wanted to tell him. She should tell him. She should tell him who this man really was. But she couldn't. She had no proof. Instead, she just nodded. \"Right. This way, Mr. Caius.\" He smiled warmly at her in thanks, causing a chill to run down her spine. \"It was wise not to pull your weapon, Ms. Thomas,\" Lucien said quietly, his accent reappearing as he walked just behind her. \"How would you have explained that?\" \"I'm sure I would have figured something out.\" \"And do you think they would have believed you?\" Evie let out a huff. \"What are you even doing here?\" \"Exactly what I said: I'm here to see Wesley.\" \"And your . . . friends?\" \"Oh, they're nowhere near here,\" a soft chuckle escaped him. \"You don't have to worry.\" \"Worry about what? You attempting to break Gibson out?\" Lucien laughed again. \"I'm not here to break him out, Ms. Thomas,\" his face scrunched in thought. \"May I call you Evangeline?\" Evie halted and turned to him. \"No.\" His eyebrows rose. \"Too formal?\" \"No. I just don't like you.\" He smiled. \"That hurts.\" \"I'm sure,\" she gestured to the door they were standing next to. \"I'll be watching you.\" \"While affording my client and I privacy.\" Evie's eyes narrowed. \"Are you actually a lawyer?\" \"I can assure you, Agent Thomas, that I am many things. Now, if you please.\" Evie opened the door for him and stepped aside. Wesley looked up when the door opened, and she didn't miss the flicker of surprise that crossed his face when he saw Lucien. \"Hello Wesley,\" Lucien said jovially, his accent once again gone. \"I hear you've gotten yourself in a bit of a bind.\" Wesley blinked at Lucien and then turned to Evie. \"I'll be watching,\" she repeated and closed the door. \"What are you-\" Lucien held up a finger, watching the camera in the right corner of the room. \"There's a hefty case against you Wesley. The evidence is surprisingly tight.\" \"I didn't kill them.\" \"That's going to be tough to prove.\" \"I guess you're just going to have to-\" \"I warned you about this, Mr. Gibson,\" Lucien interrupted as the light flicked off. \"And now we find ourselves with a bit of a problem.\" \"What would you have had me do?\" \"You should have come with us when we approached you.\" \"I already told you I'm not willing to give up-\" \"Give up what, Mr. Gibson?\" he scoffed. \"Being normal? You are far from normal. You are so much more than normal.\" \"Please don't remind me.\" Lucien settled back in his seat, crossing one long leg over the other. \"So then here's our pickle: you're no good to us in here.\" \"Then get me out.\" \"It's not that easy Mr. Gibson.\" \"I didn't kill them Lucien.\" \"The new deaths, no. However they do have your fingerprints from the Mill. And footage of someone who looks suspiciously like you at the first crime scene.\" \"I didn't kill that woman and you know it.\" \"Oh, I'm fully aware.\" \"What about the other guy? The Fraternity who chased me through the streets and attacked the agent in the bathroom?\" Lucien shook his head. \"Nothing yet. Ravenna is still looking. In the meantime, we need to take care of this situation.\" A loud thump drew their attention to the two-way mirror behind Lucien. They looked at each other for a split second before Lucien stood, gripping his cane in one hand. Suddenly, Lucien stumbled backward, a splotch of red blooming on his chest as cracks spider webbed along the mirror. Two things happened next: the lights went out, settling the room into near darkness and a bulky form hurtled through the mirror, scattering razor-sharp shards of glass around the room. \"You okay, partner? You seem a little antsy.\" \"Hmm?\" Evie turned from the interrogation room door and looked at Matt. \"Yeah, I'm fine. I just want to get back in there.\" \"He's not going anywhere, Evie.\" \"No, I know. I just . . . I just don't trust him in there without one of us.\" \"I'm sure everything will be fine.\" Evie leaned forward, resting her arms on her desk. \"If you had seen what he could do, Matt, you wouldn't be so sure.\" Matt shrugged. \"We caught him. And he's in a building full of FBI. What's he really going to do?\" \"You guys look really tense. Fun day at the office?\" Both looked up at the new voice. A smile broke across Matt's face as he stood. \"Hey there,\" he responded, giving the woman a quick kiss on the cheek. \"Hey Caroline,\" Evie said. \"Been awhile.\" \"It really has. Matt told me – oh my gosh! He said you'd been injured but I didn't realize it was this bad!\" Caroline turned her wide eyes to Matt as she swatted his shoulder. He feigned injury, rubbing his shoulder. \"She's fine, isn't she?\" Caroline glared at him and shook her head, her red pony tail swaying. \"Clearly not.\" Evie smiled at their banter. She rested her chin on her fist and just watched them. They'd been together since just after she and Matt had become partners. With his carefree attitude and loyal to a fault personality, she could see why Caroline would be attracted to him. It also didn't hurt that he was good looking in that classic boy next door sort of way. They had an easy, open relationship. From what she remembered, they'd hit it off immediately. Both were outgoing people; able to make friends with someone the minute they met them. Something Evie had never been. She was close with Matt. She trusted him with her life and she would do anything to protect his. She just couldn't allow herself to get that close to him. Not like she had done with Trent. Evie's breath caught in her throat. A sharp pain shot through her back and she shifted in her seat, trying to ease the pressure. It still hurt to think of Trent. He'd been her first partner and the one she'd learned everything from. And then he'd been gone. Just like that. A single bullet ended the life of the first man she'd allowed herself to open up to since her father. And there had been nothing she could have done. Suddenly the room was dark. Matt and Evie looked at each other quizzically. The emergency lights kicked on half a second later as she pushed to her feet. The sound of glass shattering drew her attention to her right, towards the closed interrogation room door. Her hand immediately went to the gun on her hip. She noticed Matt do the same as he moved Caroline behind him. \"What's going on?\" Caroline asked, her hand moving to grip Matt's. Before either of them could answer, an explosion rocked the building, followed by a much smaller one on the opposite side of the room. Evie was pushed to the side, her hip slamming into the corner of her deck, but caught herself before she fell. Smoke burned her eyes and she looked around through the tears in her eyes. She coughed and took off her jacket to cover her mouth and nose. Evie turned to find Matt crouched on the floor by his desk, hovering over Caroline. Caroline looked dazed but unharmed. People were shouting around her, ushering people to safety or calling for help. She took stock of her surroundings. The back and front corners of the office were on fire, the flames steadily making their way along the walls and ceiling despite agents grabbing fire extinguishers to try and put them out. It was too much, too fast. She couldn't tell how many injured or worse. Evie moved next to Matt, resting her hand on his shoulder. \"Get her out of here,\" she shouted over the blaring alarm Matt looked up and nodded, easing Caroline to her feet. \"Evie,\" he stopped and looked pointedly over to the closed interrogation room door. Without a word, she moved away from him, pulling her gun from the holster. The cane was torn from Lucien's hands and turned against him. He felt the crack as the metal tip hit his cheek bone with the full force of the swing. He was pushed to the side; his foot catching on the table leg and fell into the shards of glass. He gasped, one hand going to the bullet wound in his chest Wesley launched himself at their attacker. He recognized him as the man from the club bathroom, albeit a bit more beat up. He slammed his shoulder into the man's chest, pushing him into the wall. He'd yanked the chains to his cuffs from the table after their assailant had crashed through the window and used them now to wrap around the man's throat. The shackles had been a bit more tricky, but he was still always amazed at what he could do when the adrenaline started rushing through his veins. The man swung his legs up, planting his feet on the wall and shoving back. Wesley stumbled but kept the hold on the man's throat. He could feel the adrenaline vibrating in his veins as he held on, the man kicking back and hitting Wesley's sides with his elbows. Lucien moved in front of them, slightly hunched over, and delivered a swift punch to the man's solar plexus. The man grunted and doubled over. Wesley loosened his hold slightly, just enough to twist on his feet, placing himself back to back with the Fraternity and bent forward, launching the man over his shoulders. He'd hoped to hear the satisfying snap of the man's neck breaking, but no such luck. He looked at Lucien, meeting his eyes. The older man nodded, and they moved to attack him again. Before they could get three steps, an explosion shook the room. Lucien stumbled, hitting the edge of the table as he fell. Wesley fell to his knees but braced himself on his hands, glass cutting into his palms. A smaller explosion went off moments later. Wesley covered his head as dust and debris fell. He didn't hear the man running up to him with the ringing in his ears. The man's hand wrapped around his throat, lifting him to his feet and through the air to slam into the opposite wall. He flicked the wrist of his free hand, a knife slipping from his ripped sleeve. He lifted his arm, arcing up, aiming directly for Wesley's right eye. \"I've been waiting for this, you son of a bitch.\" Both men turned their attention to the new voice. Evie stood behind them, standing over a still sprawled out Lucien, her gun raised and pointed at the man's head. His lip curled. He tightened his grip on Wesley's throat and flipped the knife in his hand. Evie squeezed the trigger just as he twisted to the side, his arm swinging back and down. Her eyes caught Wesley's over the stretch of her arm, blood spattered across his face as the man crumpled. The shadow of a bruise was forming on his jaw. She could see the beginnings of more bruising building on his neck. His eyes flicked down after a moment and then back up to hers, an unnerving calm settling over his gore covered face. Wesley took a step toward her, his hand lifting as if to reach for her. Evie moved slightly to point the gun at him. Wesley simply shifted, his shoulder grazing the barrel of the gun. His fingers grazed the side of her rib cage, right at the edge of her left breast, and then he held them up. She could just make out a stain on the tips. Confused, Evie looked down to find a dark stain blossoming on her shirt around the hilt of a knife buried in the side of her chest. Her arm fell to her side, her eyes moving up to his again, confusing settling across her features, the gun clattering to the floor from limp fingers. All she remembered before darkness consumed her was Wesley moving closer to her, his arm wrapping around her waist as her legs gave out. The last thing she saw was shining blue eyes, a hint of concern hidden in their depths. AN: It's been forever, I know. I'm sorry. Time always sneaks up on me. *sigh* I hope you enjoy! ","Summary":" Every Day is Exactly the Same Prologue \"It's a bloodbath in here,\" the officer said as he stepped"},{"Movie":"Hook","Title":"The Wise and the Rufian","Author":"Kawaii On'nanoko","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10893611","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I woke up to Tink screaming,\"Pan's back! Pan's back!\" I groaned and turned over. \" Lobo , what's she on about?\" Rufio groaned as well and went back to spooning me. \" Malay ko. \" Tink flicked me on the nose. \"Sofia! Get up! Peter Pan is back!\" Rufio jolted up. \"WHAT?!\" I opened my hazel eyes. Rufio was pulling on his pants, and I smirked. \"Nice ass, love.\" Rufio glared at me, and I shrugged. Rufio ran down and used his glider. I took my time and carefully brushed my black and blue hair which complemented Rufio's own red and black perfectly. My outfit consisted of a blue leather jacket, a black lace tank top cami, ripped black pants similiar to Rufio's, and pointy blue stones dangling as earrings. I went down Hangman's Tree and looked for the Lost Boys. I found them by the basketball courts. I swung down and did a back flip. The younger Lost Boys began to whisper. I found a forty year old Peter Banning who stared at me wide-eyed. I pulled my sword out and smirked. \"Hello, Peter. Missed me?\" Ari here! Sorry if this may seem like MidnightRaven323's \"I Gotta Make My Own Way\", which is marvelous by the way make sure to check it out. I am also Filipino. PINOYS UNITE! Lobo= wolf, Rufio's a sly BAMF! and kind of reminds me of a wolf so yeah... Malay ko= Dunno[Chapter 2] Peter started to stammer. \"But-How-You're-I'm-\" My smirk widened. \"I'm still sixteen, Peter.\" I began circling him. \"Isn't that what you've always wanted, Kuya ? For me to be younger than you? You've got your wish. Albeit, what? Thirteen years later? You've always been no fun. The irony. The great Peter Pan has forgotten what fun means. Your Pan days are over, Peter. Now GO!\" Tink appeared in my face. \"Sofia! He can't play simple games! Hook's got his kids, and I've only got three days! Three days to get him ready to fight.\" One of the younger Lost Boy asked, \"Peter Pan's gots kids?\" I frowned. \"Kids? As in plural? Does Jack have some evil twin I didn't know about?\" The corner of Peter's lips quirked. \"You remember Jack?\" I scoffed. \"Of course I remember. I may hate the living,\" I glanced at the Lost Boys,\"crap out of you, but I can never bring myself to hate my nephew, Peter Banning.\" Rufio came behind me and whispered,\"You know him?\" I whispered back,\"Later.\" He nodded and said spitefully,\"Can't fly, fight, or crow. So... if any of you here think this Skug ain't Peter Pan...\" he drew a line, \"cross the line.\" Peter awkwardly crossed, and I rolled my eyes, pointing my sword at his neck. He quickly backed away. All of the Lost Boys, save for Pockets, crossed. I could practically hear Rufio smirking. Pockets began to examine Peter, pushing the man's cheeks back. \"Oh, there you are Peter,\" Pockets said, smiling. The Lost Boys began to swarm around the two and chatter about how Peter promised to never grow up. I snorted. \" Mga bobo! \" Rufio yelled,\"Don't listen to that stinkin' fairy and that brainless fungus! I got the Pan sword! I'm the Pan now! You think this guy's gonna take that away from me, Rufio?\" He raised the Pan sword for emphasis. The boys rushed back to our side. Pockets retorted. \"If Tink believes, maybe he is Peter Pan!\" Only a handful went back to Pocket's side. I could tell Rufio was starting to get mad. \"Would you really follow this DROOLER against Kapitan Hook?\" Again, the boys went to our side. \"What Captain Hook do to him if he weren't Peter Pan, huh?!\" Pockets countered. The boys ran back to his side. \"Please, they've got my kids tied up. Hook's going to kill them unless we do something,\" Peter pleaded. For the first time in years, my hatred for Peter wavered. \"Fine.\" Rufio looked at me in shock. \" Bakit naman?\" (Why?) \"Once upon a time, I was them. Waiting for a savior that would never come. Ayokong maging tulad sila saakin.\" (I don't want them to be like me.) He frowned. \" Pero wala naman male sayo.\" (But there's nothing wrong with you.) \"May galit sa puso. Sadista. Malupit.\" (Anger in the heart. Sadistic. Cruel.) Rufio clutched my hand. \"Explain later.\" I nodded. \"Fine, we'll help.\" He nodded to Thud Butt. \"You're in charge. Sofia and I have matters to discuss.\"[Chapter 3] Rufio and I went to our hut in silence. I twirled my black and blue hair nervously. He sat down crisscross on the matt, and I folded my legs underneath me. \"How do you know him?\" I sighed. \"I came here thirteen years ago, right?\" Rufio arched an eyebrow. \"Time doesn't pass here like it does on the Mainland, Sof.\" I nodded. \"But it does for me. Mentally, at least. Anyway, I was an orphan. I was kidnapped by slave traders, which I didn't even know still existed. When I tried to escape, they killed my parents. Somehow, they got arrested in London and well, Lola Wendy took me in. It was around the same time Peter came back from Neverland for the last time. To give you the sword.\" I looked down. This was the first time I had ever told Rufio. I knew how much he hated Peter in that time. \"I was nine and he was twelve, almost thirteen. Up until his thirteenth birthday, he retained all his memories of Neverland. Think always visited him in his sleep. She didn't know I knew, but I did. After his birthday... Peter changed. He wasn't carefree and fun-loving anymore. He was always bossing me around and I hated it. I hated that he threw away such a wonderful place like Neverland for the dump that is reality. Wendy and Angela, Wendy's daughter, grew fond of me so they adopted me. Peter visited with his new parents, the Bannings every year. Until the Christmas before I turned seventeen. He wrote that some fancy lawyer college wanted to give him some hands-on experience. I forgot what he was supposed to do, but it was stupid. I... tolerated the fact that Peter couldn't remember Neverland. But I could never tolerate that he ditched Wendy. She's the reason he has a family on the Mainland! She was the reason that he grew up... I'm not entirely sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing. But, the point is she's the best and doesn't deserve getting ditched on Christmas. On top of that, he got Moira, Wendy's granddaughter, pregnant! I was so mad! But I loved Moira like a sister and wanted to meet her child. The day after Jack was born, I called on Think and came here.\" My eyes were brimming with tears. Rufio remained uncharacteristically quiet. He unexpectedly hugged me and kissed my forehead. \"Cheeseball.\" \"Don't get used to it, Rey .\" (Rey is short for Reyna, meaning queen, because Sofia is co-leader with Rufio) \"You mad?\" \"No. Not at you. At Tink. And the old man.\" \"Not so much Think but yeah, I hate him too.\" \"Do you think he can remember?\" \"For his kids? Maybe. Love conquers all, remember?\" Rufio pulled away slightly. \"Don't be cheesy.\" I laughed. \"Doesn't suit me, does it?\" Rufio smirked that little smirk of his. \"Not at all.\" \"Not even a little bit?\" I teased. \"Not even a little bit.\"[Chapter 4] The Lost Boys went all out. They made Peter train while they chanted stuff about him being so fat that he hasn't looked at his toes. Rufio and I stood watch, Rufio tilting the Pan sword so it reflects the sun to flaunt it. Somehow, I expected better from Peter. He was tall and lanky as an teenager, still clinging to baby fat. By dinnertime, he was exhausted and eagerly sat down at the dining table, eating utensils already in hand. \"What are you doing?\" I asked from my seat next to Rufio. \"We don't use those,\" Pockets said. \"Then why are they here?\" \"So we don't have to use them,\" Don't Ask said from my right. From my left, Rufio glared at Peter and folded his hands. \"Everybody say grace.\" \"Bless us, O Lord -\" \"GRACE!\" The Lost Boys yelled and dove to eat. Bless us, O Lord, and these thy gifts from thy bounty and Christ our Lord. Amen. The words of the once forgotten prayer cam rushing to me. I recalled Peter coaxing me to talk after learning that I wasn't a mute but in a state of silent trauma. Memories of Christmases with the Bannings and Wendy and Angela and Moira stole my attention. It wasn't until Rufio nudged me and motioned to Peter that I noticed I wasn't eating. Rufio stood up, saying, \"You can't! Eat your heart out, you crinkled wrinkled fat bag!\" \"You're very ill-mannered...\" I rolled my eyes. Peter could really do better then that... When the other kids made fun of me, he had the most colorful and insulting vocabulary. Both dirty and long intelligent words. \"Slug eating worm.\" \"You can do better than that,\" Tink hissed. I hummed. \"You're encouraging this?\" \"Show me your fastball, dust brain,\" Rufio jeered. \"You paunchy, sagbottom puke pot.\" \"Bangerang, Rufio!\" The boys cheered. \"You're a very poor role model for these kids. You probably don't even have a fourth grade reading level,\" Peter said. I smirked. Rufio may be a runaway but that in no way means he is stupid. \"Hemorrhoidal suck navel.\" \"Maybe a fifth grade reading level.\" The boys mimicked a bomb falling and exploding. \"Oil-dripping beef-fart sniffing bubble butt.\" \"Someone has a severe ca-ca mouth, you know that?\" \"You are a fart factory! Slug-slime sack of rat guts and cat vomit... cheesy scab... picked pimple-squeezing finger bandage! A week-old maggot burger with everything on it and flies on the side!\" The Lost Boys gagged, and I wrinkled my nose. \"Loved that image, babe,\" I drawled. Peter stood up. \"Substitute chemistry teacher.\" \"Come on, Rufio, hit 'im back,\" Scout said. \"Mung tongue.\" \"Math tutor.\" I stifled a laugh. They think this kind of stuff is bad? \"Pinhead.\" \"Prison barber.\" \"Mother lover.\" \"Near-sighted gynecologist.\" \"In your face, camel cake!\" \"In your rear, cow derrire.\" \"Lying, crying, spying, prying ultimately pig!\" \"You lewd, crude rude bag of more chewed food dude.\" Thud exclaimed \"Bangarang, Peter!\" Rufio was so losses. \"You-you man! Stupid, stupid man!\" \"Rufio, if I'm a maggot burger, why don't you just eat me?! You two-toned zebra-headed, slime-coated, pimple-farming, sisyer-stealing, paramecium brain, munching on your own mucus, suffering from Peter Pan envy!\" \"What's a paramecium brain?\" Don't Ask asked. \"I'll tell you what a paramecium is!\" Peter yelled, pointing at Rufio. \"That's a paramecium! It's a one celled critter with no brain and can't fly! Don't mess with me, man! I'm a lawyer!\" I smiled. \"Banning, Banning, Banning, Banning...\" Rufio stared at me in disbelief. The other Lost Boys followed me, chanting \"Banning.\" Rufio tried to get them to chant Rufio again, but the Lost Boys were cheering for the true Pan. Peter scooped food in his spoon. \"Oh, Rufio, why don't you just go suck on a dead dog's nose?\" He flicked the spoon and saw the food in disbelief. Not caring that my boyfriend was covered in Never-food, I grinned. One of the younger Lost Boys breathed,\"You're doing it, Peter.\" \"Doing what?\" \"Using your imagination,\" I replied, flashing him a grin, and not a cruel or mocking one, a genuine one. Huffing, Rufio stood up and sulked in a corner. Thud Butt started a food fight, and for the first time, I felt a weight lift my shoulders. Rufio and I are supposed to protect all of the Lost Boys and save all the ones who end up on our shores before the pirates get to them first. Neverland isn't all fun and games. Rufio had thrown a coconut at Peter and someone threw Peter the Pan sword. Peter spun around and sliced it in half about three feet away.[Chapter 5] Rufio was already in bed by the time I finished tucking in some of the younger Lost Boys. I groaned. \"Wag mo sasabihin nag tatampo ka, Lobo.\" (Don't tell me you're mad, Wolf.) Rufio didn't answer and turned on his side, away from me. \"Diyos ko! Rufio, naman! Kapatid ko naman ang tao!\" (My God! Rufio, come on! The man's my brother!) \"Porkeng kapatid siya agad na kakapehan mo siya?\" Rufio asked gruffly. (Just because he's your brother means you're immediately on his side.) \"Porkeng boyfriend kita hindi ibigsabihin laging kakpehan kita. Siya ang tunay na Pan, alam mo yan.\" ( Just because you're my boyfriend doesn't mean I'll always be on your side. He's the real Pan, you know that.) Rufio rolled around again right as I stripped down to my bra and leather pants. He grabbed me around the waist and brought me to his bare chest. \"I need you, Sof.\" I turned to look at him. \"What?\" \"I need you to stay on my side. Please.\" I turned completely around in Rufio's arms. \"Rufio. I am on your side. Just... realize what side you're really on. Because I know I'm on the \"save all the kids before the pirates kill 'em side.\" What about you?\" Rufio nodded and I turned back around in his arms. The last thing I felt before falling asleep was Rufio running his nose up and down my neck.[Chapter 6] I woke up to an excited Pockets shaking Rufio and me awake. He tried to take the blanket off of us. \"Pockets!\" I pulled the blanket to my chest. \"We're up. No need to take the blanket away.\" Rufio chuckled. \"What is it, Pockets?\" \"Pan's back!\" With that, he went back downstairs. Rufio and I hastily put on our clothes and scrambled down. The boys were cheering and made Rufio's pants fall down much like yesterday. Pan flew around, playing. I followed him to the basketball courts and turned to find Rufio carrying his sword. He fell to his knees and held it out to Peter. \"You are the Pan.\" Pan took the sword, smiling. Rufio stood up, saying, \"You can fly, you can fight, and you can-\" Pan crow and we echoed it. I wrapped my arms around Pan. \"Nice job, Peter.\" Rufio half-dragged me off of him and wrapped his arm around my waist tightly. We kissed awkwardly over my shoulder. The boys seemed to get along without me so I left for Mermaid Grove. \"Sofia! Hi!\" Alana, a blonde mermaid called. \"Do you wanna...?\" Attina asked. I nodded, and a light surrounded me. I had a blue mermaid tail and jumped in the water. \"Is that Rufio guy being stupid again?\" Alana asked. \"Stupidly possessive, but other than that, I got bored. I know your moms flirted with Peter Pan.\" Attina smiled. \"Yeah. It's embarrassing. He's your older brother!\" \"Older, older brother,\" I corrected. \"He got even older.\" \"So did Rufio just give his position to Pan?\" \"Have you met Rufio? No, he fought him. Pan's flying now so Rufio just surrendered.\" \"So you guys moving?\" Attina asked. \"No. Peter still has his hut so Rufio and I can keep ours. But that's not what I'm worrying about.\" \"Huh?\" The two chorused. \"The war to end all wars. Jack and Maggie. What if something bad happens?\" \"The worse thing that's gonna happen is that Jack won't remember you.\" \"I hope.\"[Chapter 7] I was fixing my hair in Wendy's old room. She never truly forget Neverland. I never truly forgot the Mainland. I remember going to prison and hated it. Peter called it \"school.\" I like my word better. Rufio came behind me. \"Aren't you looking bad ass?\" I looked at him in the mirror. He wore eye liner and had bones lined across his body, looking sexy and scary all at once. I discarded my usual blue and changed into a tight black bustier and black leather pants with black chained fingerless gloves and red Chuck Taylors. \"So are you,\" I replied as I tied my hair into a messy bun. \"Ready?\" \"I was born ready.\" I smiled and followed him out. I found Peter and nodded to Rufio. He nodded back and I approached my brother. \"Peter?\" \"Hey, Sofia.\" I sat down next to him. \"Nervous?\" \"Terrified. I mean, what if I can't?\" \"You're not just Peter Pan anymore, Peter. You're also Peter Banning, a loving boy. Well, man,\" I said the last part with a frown. \"Why did you grow up?\" \"Why did you stay without saying good-bye?\" \"The thrill of fighting. The Lost Boys... Rufio.\" \"I grew up for Moira. I fell in love with her at first sight.\" I snorted. \"You think Rufio and I fell in love at first sight? Please.\" \"You know how my story went. I saw her, thought her to be extremely beautiful, and stayed. Not before giving the Pan sword to Rufio, though. How did you two?\" \"Your necklace, Peter. The conchshell necklace. Rufio and Thud recognized it and let me stay. Rufio more grudgingly than Thud. It must've been weeks before Rufio could even look at me without frowning. Months before he stopped scowling at me. It felt like forever before I found him cute. Our romance is no Romeo and Juliet, Peter. It was all \"I hate you,\" \"you're stupid,\" and others. Well, he struck a nerve. He said that you were right in neglecting me and knocking my sister figure up. Well, I ran to Mermaid Cove in tears. He found me and overheard my conversation with the mermaids about how the cutest are jerks. He teased me about it and well, muttered something about the best kind of girls are the fiery ones. It was awkward at first, but well, as you can see, we grew out of that stage.\" \"You really love him.\" \"Duh.\" \"You know, I always thought it was impossible to grow up in Neverland. You've proven me wrong, Sof. As usual. But, would you ever consider going to the Mainland?\" \"Depends. Why?\" \"Moira and I would really appreciate it if you attend Maggie's next play in three and a half months.\" I tilted my head. \"Why?\" \"Moira misses you, Sofia. Maggie would adore you. Jack's sick of all the stories Moira and I tell him. They would love you. Moira and I already do.\" \"And Lola ?\" \"Would burst in tears of joy to see you again.\" \"I'll consider it.\"[Chapter 8] What. The. HELL. Did. I. Just. Hear. Sofia's going back to the Mainland?! Putang ina yun pesteng Peter na yun! (That motherf***ing pest Peter) He's trying to take my Sofia from me! He abandoned me once. I don't want to lose her too. And Sofia! She's CONSIDERING it!? My God! What?! Traitor. Just like her brother. She's MINE! Not Banning's. Not Hook's. Not Wendy's. MINE. There is no way in hell I would let Sofia go. \"Someone's jealous,\" Don't Ask teased. \"Yeah, troubles in paradise?\" Thud added. \"Shut it, you stinking dung bombs.\" \"That was weak, Rufio, and you know it,\" Don't Ask deadpanned. \"Just shut up. Cut me some slack, dumbbutts. What would you do if Sofia decided to leave?\" \"WHAT?! She's leaving!?\" Thud said, jumping. \"Thud!\" He smiled sheepishly. \"Sorry.\" \"But she's leaving us?\" Don't Ask asked. \"Apparently,\" I replied, using a dagger to cut up some wood. \"It's like Wendy and Pan all over again,\" Thud groaned. \"But this time we know for sure you two love each other,\" Don't Ask added. \"Peter wants to take her back. She's actually going to do it. She's leaving us...me...\" \"Well, does she know you know?\" Thud asked. \"No, she's still tallking to Pan. Apparently, a lot of people are waiting for her there. Not just Pan and his kids.\" \"Maybe you should just ask her,\" Don't Ask added. \"Ask who? Me or Tink?\" \"Sofia!\" Thud and Don't Ask exclaimed. Sofia draped herself over my back. \"I'm assuming you heard my conversation with Peter?\" \"What was the clue?\" \"You're seething. Peter taking me to the Mainland sounded like a good guess.\" \"Well?\" \"Well, what? Will I be going to the Mainland? No. I just want to let Peter know I forgive him. You should too.\" \"I already have.\" \"No, you haven't. I know you, Rufio. You may have given him the Pan sword, but you still haven't forgiven him for everything.\" \"You don't understand, Reyna .\" \"But I do, Lobo . Peter abandoned me too. He said he would always be there for me, but he wasn't. He fooled around with my sister and decided to forget that he had another sister too. I know how Peter feels, anyway. He had a family here, you Lost Boys. I had a family on the Mainland, the Bannings and the Darlings. He chose to leave because he grew to love someone, Moira. I left because I love you. I love you so much, Rufio. But I also love Peter. Both Peter Pan and Peter Banning. If there's one thing I know about both is that they love children. He needs children, Rufio. Just as much as I need you so shut up and kiss me.\" She turned me around and kissed me. I pulled away. \"So you're not leaving Neverland?\" The ' not leaving me' was left unspoken. \"Never.\"[Chapter 9] I smirked, watching Peter finally confronting Hook. *Insert battle scene here* Rufio suddenly stopped fending off the pirates. \" Lobo ?\" Rufio didn't seem to hear me. \"Hook!\" Hook smiled cynically, mock-chanting, \"Rufio...Rufio...\" He exchanged his staff for a sword. Peter called, \"No!\" My attention was diverted to a pirate who thought he could sneak up on me. I slashed at his chest, making him bleed and lose a lot of blood. Satisified, I turned to find Peter gone and a somewhat arrogant smirk gracing Rufio's features. Rufio soon engaged in a sword fight with Hook (Oh, gods, the innuendos) and I couldn't turn away. Hook stabbed Rufio, and feeling a presence behind me, I stabbed the pirate behind me in the stomach, twisting my sword for good measure. I ran to my idiotic boyfriend, tears threatening to spill. \" LOBO!\" Peter caught Rufio and laid him down in front of me. \"Hey.\" \"There is no way you're dying on my watch. Let me see it.\" I tried to look at his wound, but he stopped me. \"Reyna. \" \"Rufio.\" \"I wish I had a brother and father like you,\" he said, looking at Peter with sad eyes. He looked at me. \"When I die, are you still gonna stay?\" \"You're not dying!\" I snarled. \"You can't be.\" \"Sofia. If it's too painful... please. Go to the Mainland. Live a happy life. Peter and Wendy will take care of you. Mahal na mahal na mahal na mahal kita. \" My tears fell. \"Rufio, ang tanggnot mo.\" Rufio smiled such a sad smile that I wanted to kick his ass for using that. \"Good enough for me.\" With that, he closed his eyes. I shook his shoulder. \"Rufio? Rufio? Dammit, Rufio! I said you're not dying! For once can you do as you're told!?\" I cupped his face in both my hands and kissed him long and hard, feeling his... cold... lips. The tears were falling faster now. I didn't even...[Chapter 10] What felt like a second later, Peter put his hand on my shoulder. The endless loop of Rufio's... death replayed in my mind. \"Sof?\" \"Peter, did you really mean it?\" \"Mean what?\" \"Me going back to the Mainland?\" \"Of course, Sof. You're family.\" I nodded. \"Can I meet your kids and say good-bye to the Lost Boys?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Daddy!\" As we came down from the ship, Maggie threw her arms around Peter. \"Hey, Dad.\" Jack hugged his father. \"Aunt Sofia?\" He asked, incredulous. I nodded. \"Hello, Jackie,\" I said softly. \"Aunt Sofia!?\" Maggie threw her arms around me. I hugged her back, squeezing gently. \"Hey there, Maggie.\" \"She's been dying to meet you, you know. Maggie Sophie Banning.\" I turned watery eyes on him. \"Oh, Peter.\" \"Will she be coming back with us, Daddy?\" \"Please, Dad?\" The identical puppy eyes turned on Peter. Pockets tugged on my sleeve. \"Sofia? Can you...?\" He trailed off, revealing a single shark tooth necklace. \"Pockets...\" \"I know. You and Rufio gave it to me after naming me a Lost Boy. Please don't forget, Sof.\" Pockets was always a wise one. I smiled. \"Never.\" I put the necklace on and kissed the tooth. \"Sof? Do you mind?\" Peter asked, handing me his sword. I nodded, understanding what he wanted. He turned then to his children, instructing them how to fly. I don't recall anything after that except that Thud is now the new Pan. Fate is cruel. Rufio, I know you're an angel. Don't deny it. You're watching me, you little stalker. I love you. I'm sorry I didn't tell you properly, but I'm leaving. Neverland isn't Neverland without you. But I swear, if you tell ANYONE even my parents I said that, you're going to be dead twice. ","Summary":" I woke up to Tink screaming,\"Pan's back! Pan's back!\" I groaned and turned over. \" Lobo , what's"},{"Movie":"John Wick","Title":"Shuten Dōji","Author":"CharlesWatch220","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12844952","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's note: Since there seems to be an extreme deficit in Wick-flicks (as I've seen it expressed in the comments for other works), I figured I could make a contribution of my own. It doesn't directly involve Jonathan though, but I gave it a shot. The text message came just as dawn broke over the already bustling streets of Osaka. With a groan, Ooe Yuji picked up the burner cell phone on his bedside table, knocking over an empty bottle of whiskey in the process. His sleepy eyes squinted at the screen as he flipped it open, and once he read the message, flung the covers off and began packing. There were only three things: John Wick. 14 million dollars. Excommunicado. \"Wick- san, what have you done?\" He muttered to himself. Once preparations were finished, he called the front desk he was checking out right now and needed transportation to the airport as well as an appointment with the owner, greatly stressing its urgency. John Wick. Baba Yaga. The Devil. The Boogeyman. The man, the myth, and the living legend of all contract killers in his time. And the man that saved his life. Yuji only ever met John thrice in his entire life. Once as a child, another as a teenager, and the third time at his wife's funeral. Those three meetings changed everything for him. Although John told him not to, Yuji always thought of the man as his teacher, his savior. A man who changed his fate for the better. \"Dammit.\" He whispered as he sank back into the first-class leather seat of the plane to JFK International Airport. A contract. An open contract that had gone international to everyone. Everyone. Yuji was baffled. Open contracts in and of themselves were nothing special. It was first come, first served, and winner takes all, but this was something that he would not have dreamed of to come true. Hunting down John Wick as an excommunicated man from the Continental. He was now without weapons, support, or a safe haven. There were various rules members must adhere to, but only four would incur the penalty of excommunication and subsequent execution: dishonoring the marker, killing its holder, fleeing from it, and conducting \"business\" on Continental grounds. Whoever wanted him dead was anybody's guess. While he knew not of the details, upon instinct Yuji knew. John's actions were strictly and purely personal. The John Wick he knew was a man of focus, commitment, and sheer will that would make steel seem like balsa wood. He would never let emotions or personal relations cloud his judgement, let alone slow him down. Not in this line of work. That was why Yuji regarded him as the best. With nothing to do for another twelve hours above the clouds, Yuji closed his eyes and steadied his breathing as the saxophone loosened a shrill note into his ear. Many men and women of all ages and nationalities were present at the Continental Hotel. Some were conversing, others reading, or fidgeting with their phones in the lobby. All of them were well-dressed, all except Yuji, whose casual attire of boots, cargo pants, tanktop and a large mods coat lined with fur was out of place, leading to several pairs of eyes staring at him. Without giving them a second thought, Yuji strolled towards the bald, bespectacled concierge in an ever-crisp suit staring down at the computer screen through his gold-rimmed glasses. There was no nameplate pinned to his jacket, but he knew exactly who he was: Charon. \"Good afternoon, Mr. Ooe,\" his deep, accented voice greeted. \"It is a pleasure to see you again, sir. I understand you wish to meet the owner on an urgent matter?\" Yuji nodded. \"He will be available for dinner. I have you for three nights.\" \"That's correct.\" Yuji pushed a stack of six gold coins towards him. \"But depending on business, I may extend my stay here.\" \"Of course, sir.\" After several rapid clacks of the keyboard, Charon handed a keycard in exchange. \"Room 622. Your bespoke suit will be ready shortly. Do enjoy your stay.\" \"Thank you. Oh, and is the sommelier in?\" \"Always, sir. Always.\" His lips curved into the faintest smile. With a nod, Yuji walked off to his room. He always liked the Continental Hotel no matter which branch it was. The bed was large and just the right consistency, the view was good, the food was amazing, and the place had this scent of comfort that no other establishment seemed capable of providing. Once his suit arrived――which took exactly ten minutes to deliver after he entered the room――Yuji quickly changed into it. It was Italian-made like John's, only without the waistcoat and the monochromatic color palette. He certainly did admire how the man carried himself and his sense of fashion, but not the significantly lacking variety in color. It was navy blue with a red tie. After a few adjustments with the tie's knot, he took the elevator and headed towards the lounge. Winston was sitting quietly in a corner with a book in hand and a cup of steaming coffee. \"Ah, Mr. Ooe. A pleasure to see you again. You've grown.\" He extended a hand with a smile as he stood up Yuji shook the hand firmly and bowed his head. \"And you, Mr. Winston, you continue to age well in good health.\" Though he did not mention it, he could not help but notice the significant increase in the grayness of Winston's hair. \"I would like to thank you for agreeing to meet me on such short notice. I hope you can forgive me if I have inconvenienced you.\" \"Oh no, no. No need to be so apologetic, young man.\" Winston waved his hand dismissively as he removed his glasses and sat back down. \"Though I do appreciate your courtesy. Please sit. Now, to what do I owe the pleasure of your sudden visit? If memory serves, your area of operation never strayed too far from home.\" \"This visit is more of a….personal nature.\" \"You are aware aiding and abetting Jonathan will incur penalties of its own upon you?\" \"Yes, but that is not my intention. I just would like to know what happened to him. What lead to…. this .\" \"The nature of another man's marker is confidential, but what I can say is that the late Mr. D'Antonio had caused…quite the grievance to Jonathan during his time, to say the least. Burned his home to the ground and took a bullet in the head for the trouble right here in this lounge, if you believe it.\" He did. Thing were finally starting to make sense. A marker was involved. Something that allowed the holder to ask one that owed him or her to do whatever was desired irrespective of anything. A leash that dragged him back into the life he left. \"I see. And the bounty on his head is still valid?\" \"Very much so. No news of the account being closed. Not yet, anyhow. You know how these organizations work. No one would ever let him get away with killing their leaders, not the way Jonathan did. You know this best, I believe. You've honored a mark for a High Table member before. Twice.\" Yuji nodded in agreement. \"One more thing. I would appreciate it if you could send this to the members of the High Table. The sooner the better.\" He set an unsealed letter down in front of Winston and gently pushed it forward, along with thirteen coins. \"I know it would not mean much to Mr. Wick and it most certainly will not excuse me for what I am about to do. But regardless, I would like my intentions to be properly understood.\" \"Naturally. I will have a courier take this to them on the hour, then.\" \"Thank you, sir.\" \"In the meantime, would you like something to drink?\" \"May I have what you are having then, please?\" With a quick nod, a waitress came by with a cup of coffee and set it down in front of Yuji. Winston and he raised the cups in silence. To John Wick. Once Yuji finished his drink, he left with a bow to Winston. Winston carefully pulled the letter out of the envelope and smiled a little. It was made of rice paper, the letter written with a brush and ink. This is a declaration of intent so as to clarify my intentions. Although I bear no ill will to the distinguished members of the High Table, I will commence to harass and dismantle the Camorra's operations wherever they are active in every way possible in retaliation to what was done to Mr. John Wick ex post facto the honoring of his marker owed to the late Mr. Santino D'Antonio. The attacks will cease immediately when the bounty on Mr. John Wick is retracted. Until then, your blood will continue to fill my gourd. 酒呑童子 \"Jonathan, you better appreciate this.\" Winston whispered to no one in particular. \"The blood-drunk demon is trying to save you.\" Opening a door on the lobby floor, Yuji stepped into a room filled with shelves and tables with silk tablecloths adorned with lacing. Bottles of wine of every kind imaginable were kept there along with wine glasses. \"Mr. Ooe.\" The Sommelier bowed before putting a pistol back on the shelf with the others. \"How may I be of service today?\" \"I believe there's something kept on the shelf for me. From Russia.\" \"Russia, Russia…ah, yes.\" Her face brightened, realizing what Yuji was talking about. She hurried back behind the counter and pulled out a small case. Undoing the latch, she revealed a revolver. \"The MP412 REX. I must admit, I was quite surprised to see this particular breed. Very rare.\" \"It was a special order.\" \"Ah. What's next?\" \"Something sleek and sharp.\" \"Hmm….The CZ SP-01 Shadow. A Czech varietal with options of a bayonet attachment underneath.\" \"Perfect. Any recommendations for something smooth but holds the element of surprise?\" \"Of course. The MP7A1.\" She presented proudly. \"14.96 inches in length, custom trigger, textured grips and a threaded barrel for a suppressor if necessary. Options for twenty, thirty, or forty round magazines.\" Taking the weapon into his hands, Yuji inspected it, pulling the trigger, operating the safety as well as the collapsible foregrip and retractable stock, and nodded in satisfaction. \"I also want dessert.\" \"Ah, yes. You have quite the sweet tooth, I'm told.\" Producing a box with several drawers, she revealed a selection of knives from OTFs, switchblades, karambits and a modern adaptation of the kris. \"Our finest cutlery, all fresh off the stone.\" Yuji picked up a trench knife without hesitation. \"Excellent choice, sir. Shall I have everything sent to your room?\" \"Please.\" With a smile, he put down a stack of a dozen coins in front of her. It was almost time for war.[Chapter 2] Balance was an important factor in Yuji's life, be it what he eats, whom he associates with, how he sleeps, even how he fights. Assassins almost always pick the most strategically advantageous tactics, and Yuji does as well, but this was not a hit. It was more a warm up. The first place that he knew he could hit was the Mela D'oro, a fancy members-only club with a strict dress-code. Every entrance was covered with at least four armed guards. Scanning the surrounding area as he drove around at a distance, Yuji took note of their shifts, quickly committing them to memory. Now the only question was this: where would the point of entry be? Pulling out a gold coin, he tossed it. Lion, full frontal assault. Man would be the back door. \" Mi scusi, signori, \" Yuji called out to the guards in Italian. \"Have you seen a cat around here? She's a tuxedo and has a red collar. She slipped out of my car when I was getting gas.\" He held out an image on his phone. Upon inspecting the picture, all of them shook their head in silence but as soon as they blinked, their bodies collapsed to the floor as they felt a searing white-hot pain from their torso and a sudden chill seeping in. It was only after it was too late that they realized their impending deaths. They knew not where it came from or how it was concealed, but there was a trench knife in the man's hand, the blade blackened from its recently claimed victim's blood. Their vision soon turned black as the blade delivered the killing stroke, tearing their throats open. While he had nothing against the Italian culture, Yuji was absolutely disgusted with the majority of the décor. The color choice of the carpet floor made his eyes hurt, and the ceiling and most of the walls were painted as if it were the Sistine Chapel. The line between classy and gaudy is very fine, and this establishment crossed it by a mile. Knife in hand, he immediately gutted a guard with an earpiece. Commandeering his Glock, Yuji emptied the magazine into the ceiling as well as some other men that pushed past the crowd to dispatch him. The attendants all screamed and fled in terror, pushing past and trampling each other to get out of the line of fire, making a mess of themselves with stains from food, wine, and whatever else there was. As the crowd cleared out, Yuji switched to the MP7A1 and tilted the gun sideways, employing the Center Axis Relock system that John favors. He fired as he swiveled around, bullet casings flying all over the floor and painting over the walls with fresh blood. Continuing to saunter through the club, more guards showed, only to be mowed down by Yuji's superior reflexes. Letting the MP7A1 hang from the sling, Yuji reached for his favored weapon: a wakizashi that was 24-inches in length. In a single fluid draw and slash, the man closest to him fell as his head rolled off his shoulders. They all froze. And this was precisely why Yuji favored blades. The medieval style of death-dealing was more grisly, more graphic. It instilled and fanned the fear of death by mutilation. Even now, the stump where the head used to be was spouting blood like a sprinkler, dying everything it touched crimson. Once the carnage had died down, Yuji promptly wiped the blade down on a guard's shirt, leaving a large reddish black stain on his collar. Slicking his short black hair back now caked in blood, he walked upstairs in search for a \"staff only\" sign. Sadly, there were none, and he had no time to lose. The dignitaries that fled with ties to the Camorra surely had called this in by now. \"Should have gotten blueprints from the Architect.\" Walking back downstairs, he painted his mark on the wall with blood in Japanese. Shuten Dōji, The Drunkard Demon. As he was about to walk out, two particular bottles behind the bar counter caught his eye. One was Blanton's Single Barrel Bourbon, a favorite of John's. The other was a twelve-year Angostura 1824, Yuji's personal favorite. Vaulting over the bar counter, he helped himself to both. He then emptied a fresh magazine of the MP7A1 into every bar counter in sight, shattering every bottle on the shelf. \"Wick- san, here I go.\" He struck and tossed them as he walked around to each counter, setting the place aflame, leaving with a satisfied smirk. He then drove away in his Skyline GTR from a parking lot, heading towards a container yard. Flooring the gas pedal, the engine roared as the chain link fence grew larger by the second. With a deafening crash, the gates were torn off by the generated force. Even then Yuji did not let up. He tore through the container yard, making hairpin curves, driving in reverse, and running the occasional unfortunate henchman over. The swearing, cursing and screams in Italian were drowned by Miles Davis' trumpet on the radio. Once the car had run out of gas, Yuji stepped out of the car. Over a dozen men were standing twenty meters away from him, all toting weapons of some kind, but many of them injured. They all stared at him with a look of hatred and confusion, and Yuji returned nothing more than a blank stare. \"Che cazzo sei!?\" One of them yelled as he spat out what appeared to be a broken tooth. \" Shuten Dōji. \" Yuji answered. \"I am here to file a complaint about what was done to John Wick by your late leader Santino D'Antonio. If these wrongs remain unaddressed, I will guarantee that none of you will be receiving the next shipment in the morning. And I just came from razing the Golden Apple.\" As if to prove his point further, he opened the trunk and produced a severed head of one of the guards, and tossed it at their feet. That caught their attention. Everyone that worked for the Camorra in America knew that place was a fortress, nigh-impregnable. But this diminished every possibility of tricks or bluffs. \"I want you all to go back to your employer. Tell them to cancel the price on John Wick's head lest they keep losing their soldiers. Losing you, your fathers, uncles, brothers, cousins.\" With a quick bow of the head, Yuji drove away, leaving the men talking amongst themselves rapidly in Italian. Whistling along as the jazz station played on the radio, Yuji drove back to the Continental. For a warm-up, things went a lot better than he anticipated. He actually half expected the men to start firing at him as soon as he turned his back. Handing the keys to the valet, he walked through the lobby to the front desk. Charon's suit was immaculately pressed as ever. \"Good evening, sir.\" \"Hi. How good's your laundry?\" With a quick scan, Charon shook his head slowly. \"I'm sorry to say sir, but….no one's that good.\" Yuji shrugged. \"Eh. Worth a try. I'd like to order some room service, my usual course meal in about an hour if that's alright.\" \"Of course, sir. Will you be needing a mechanic as well for repairing your transportation?\" \"That would be fabulous. Thank you.\" Leaving the car keys with him, Yuji slung the bag of weapons and booze over his shoulder and ascended to his room on the elevator. Luckily, he suffered no injuries. All he needed was a shower to wash the blood off. Tossing the blood soaked clothing into the trashcan in the corner, he turned the handle on the shower. The steamy hot water melted the blood caked on his head like wax, falling into the drain as it got watered down. Once the blood was gone, he slowly turned the handle back, dropping the temperature of the water. Yuji let out a sigh of relief. Walking out of the bathroom soaking wet with nothing but a towel covering his modesty, he opened the bottle of bourbon, poured it in a glass, and took a sip. The slow, deep burn that coursed from the tip of his tongue through his body felt amazing as it settled in his stomach, smooth as a polished blade. \"No wonder you like it neat.\" Finishing one glass, he helped himself to another as he put some clothes on. After a while, the phone on the bedside table rang. \"Yes?\" \"Yuji, it's Aurelio.\" \"Good evening. Is the Mustang fixed yet? Or do you still need a decade to finish it up?\" \"Nah, it's thirty percent done, last time I checked. Taking it slow and careful, you know? For when…..he comes back?\" \" When ? You're that certain he's coming back?\" \"Well, uh….I've seen the car in worse condition, believe it or not, so yeah. Yours will be ready in about three days. Want anything as a replacement while it's getting fixed? Motorcycle, maybe?\" \"Ducati Monster 821.\" Yuji answered without missing a beat. \"Alright. I'll have that down there for you by tomorrow.\" \"Thank you. Say hi to your niece for me.\" \"Fuck you, man.\" The two men chuckled briefly. As they hung up, there was a knock at the door and a woman walked in pushing a trolley with platters of food. \"Your course meal, sir.\" \"Thank you very much.\" Yuji handed her two coins and gave her a knowing smile. She raised a brow in surprise, but understanding what he was implying, she gave a small nod before exiting. \"Welcome back, sir,\" Charon greeted Winston as he approached the front desk. \"Crossings were smooth, I hope?\" \"The crossings, yes. What happened in between….not so much, I'm afraid.\" Winston had hoped whoever replaced Santino at the High Table would be of a more understanding nature, but it was for naught. The Camorra obviously still wanted John's head and now the emergence of a third party, Yuji, had rubbed them the wrong way even further. They refrained from demanding the revocation of his membership at the Continental though, at the very least, saving time to issue a well-thought out threat. What they especially took exception to, however, was the butchering of the men and the venue being destroyed quite thoroughly. Winston quietly chuckled upon seeing the High Table's reaction when they got the report. Yuji always was a man who had a flare for the dramatic and presentation in terms of proving his being there. In fact, Winston had the pleasure of watching his handiwork in the past. He was quite interested in how fine of a line he was going to walk, how far he was going to damage the Camorra, and who might be interested in siding with him in this one-man war.[Chapter 3] Yuji had gotten used to rude awakenings when he chose to trod this path in life. In fact, he was forced to, lest he lose his life. They came in various forms: hitmen, bombs, booby-traps, torture, breakfast in bed, a bucket of ice-cold water, good morning kisses, and phone calls. Today's awakening came in the last form. The phone on the bedside table trilled, making his naked company mumble into the pillow as she rolled over toward him. Kissing her above the brow line and lightly fondling her buttocks, he reached for the phone. \"Charon, I know it's important, but it's like quarter past five in the morning right now.\" Yuji whispered holding back a yawn. \"I do apologize for the awakening, but the manager would like to see you at the lounge, sir.\" \"Could you tell him I'll be down in fifteen minutes, please?\" \"Of course, sir. Thank you very much for your understanding.\" Hanging the phone up, he quietly slid out of bed, almost tripping over a pair of black pumps and powder blue, lacey lingerie. He very much wanted to remain in the comfort of the soft bed creased with the warmth of the still sleeping lady, a personal call from Winston was no matter that could be callously ignored. Quickly dressing himself, he pulled on the shoulder holsters housing the two pistols recently acquired and hid it underneath the jacket. The sun was just barely rising, a faint glimmer just barely peeking out of the horizon of the excessively well-lit city. With a light ding, the elevator reached the lobby and Yuji quickly made his way down the stairs to the lounge. Winston sat there, as usual, reading a book except instead of a suit he was wearing silk pajamas and a bathrobe. \"I'm guessing this is about my declaration of intent to the High Table?\" \"Indeed. The others have shown a certain degree of understanding for your reasons of acting. The Russians are still in the process of rebuilding, courtesy of Jonathan's handiwork, so they can't be bothered. The Triads and Tongs, and Yakuza, well, they owe you a great deal so they don't care too much. They don't parley with the Camorra in the first place except for every once in a blue moon. Mr. Akoni and his superiors, however, are quite happy.\" \"Hardly surprising there.\" \"The others are…well, let's just say interested in how their new leader is going to deal with this second storm approaching to rock the proverbial boat. That theatric stunt you pulled at their club did incur quite a sum for repairs. Four months needed for renovation, if my memory serves.\" \"They have recovered from far, far worse. This is the equivalent of a bruise. But I am unsure if they really will come at me with everything they have. The most dominant D'Antonio family lost their stake to the seat at the High Table. I'm willing to bet money that not everyone is satisfied with the de facto family head. They would tear each other apart before they would get to me.\" \"That may be so. By the by, this is meant for you.\" Winston slid a post card of Mount Vesuvius across the table towards Yuji. Flipping it over, it revealed a stamp of a hand in thick black ink that would be reserved for an ancient printing press. Yuji inhaled sharply at the sight. \"A mano nera ? Now this will be quite the souvenir. And this is from….Darn, I keep forgetting his name. It started with a V. I remember that much. Vicente? No, Vincent? Nope, not that either…uhhh….Valentino….no…\" \"Vincenzo Fedrico, and yes, the man stamped it himself in front of me.\" \"Oh my.\" Yuji chuckled. \"He must be livid then.\" \"You're going on your sabotage spree again today, I take it?\" \" After breakfast. I'm going to sleep for another two hours before the buffet opens.\" Just as he was about to leave, Winston pulled his phone out. \"Hello?\" After several seconds, he handed the phone to Yuji without another word. \" Ciao. Is this Mr. Fedrico?\" \"Yes. Eugene, was it?\" A scratchy, husky voice of a man with a thick accent asked. \"No, close though. Yuji . I take it this postcard is your declaration of intent?\" \"You could say that, yes. I'm making this phone call because I would like you to know firsthand that I understand very much your reason for acting. But I too must keep in mind the best interests of the Camorrah as do the rest of the clans and I have my duty as a High Table member.\" \"Yes, family. I know how that goes.\" \"So you understand why we are at an impasse. I cannot simply call off the bounty on John Wick. Nor can I abide by your actions at the club. My men are calling for both of your heads.\" \"With all due respect, that action was nothing more than a warmup. I could have done much, much worse if I wanted to.\" \"So it would seem. What do you say we….adhere to the tradition of the vendetta, ah? No civilians, no children, no police, and no open accounts. Just us.\" \"Agreed. And no 'business' in the premises of the Continental, of course.\" He gave a small nod towards Winston who returned one. \"However, whether under your orders or not, should anyone on your side break the rules, although it pains me to say it, I will retaliate in kind. Buona fortuna, signore. \" \"In bocca al lupo, ragazzo.\" With that, the line went dead. \"Still going to sleep after that?\" Winston asked as he retrieved his phone and slipped it back into his pocket. \"After I ask Charon to give me a morning call when my ride comes back. Besides, do you really need to ask? I like sleeping. It is not like I am working in a different time zone any time soon.\" Hopefully that lady was still curled up, her dirty blonde hair cascading down her shoulders, spilling out on the sheets that clung to her and managed to outline her figure. Plus she could hold her liquor well and smelled like cake, which is always a plus. \"Such a shame.\" Yuji sighed as he sat down on a plastic chair in a large kitchen. His wakizashi was propped against the wall within reach. In front of him was a cash box with the lock shot off and several finished plates of food piled on top of each other. He liked eating, and letting food go to waste was not an option. Everything was perfectly made. The insalata caprese, focaccia, prosciutto di Parma, rabbit cacciatore, everything tasted amazing. He even enjoyed a glass of Tuscan wine, ate some tiramisu and washed it down with a cup of coffee and even washed the dishes and cutlery he used. \" Gochisousama. \" It started off with entering an Italian restaurant about half an hour before they were going to open for the day. Shooting the lock off with the revolver, he waltzed in, sword drawn in the other hand, glinting in the beam of sunlight shining in from the open window. There were several men armed with submachine guns locked and loaded, but Yuji dove to the side as he felt a sharp pain along his left side and thigh. several bullets had grazed him and he felt a small piece of glass from a pitcher stuck in his face. Pulling it out and tossing it aside, he held the blade in his mouth and drew his other gun, the SP-01. Wildly returning fire in the general direction of the men's last known locations, he smacked a fresh magazine and a moon clip into each of his guns as he tipped tables over to hide his position while he crawled away from their line of fire. They covered each other as some of them reloaded and others stayed on alert. \"Smart and well trained.\" Yuji whispered to himself as he grabbed a pepper shaker and lobbed it above their head and fired. The small container exploded, blinding the men temporarily. They screamed in pain and coughed. Standing up, he walked towards them, rapidly closing the gap. Seven roars of .357 magnum rounds stopped the men in their tracks with ease, finished off with a double tap from the automatic. The last one blindly stumbling away as he tripped over chairs had his head severed from behind as Yuji ran past him, which landed on a large round table and knocked over a decanter of Chianti before rolling to a stop. The immaculate, white table cloth immediately stained, mingling with the arterial spray. Picking up the phone next to the cash register, he dialed a number. \"Hello? Yes, I'd like to make a dinner reservation for one two three…eight. Mmm-hmm. Really? Thank you. There's some amazing food left in the kitchen. Brick oven baked calzones and pizzas if you're interested.\" Hanging up, he opened the large cash box, revealing stacks of gold coins as well as hundred dollar bills. His life style may be simple but it did not mean it was inexpensive. Plus Yuji had not had a decent job offer for almost four months. Not that it mattered considering the fortune he already has, but replenishing funds was never a bad idea. This war he was waging will take a long while and a lot of money. Just as Yuji was about to go back into the kitchen to raid the wine coolers, the door opened and a short stocky man in a fedora followed by six burley, barrel-chested men emerged, each one of them carrying buckets and cleaning products. \"Charlie, gentlemen. You're early.\" \"Lucky with traffic. But my, oh my. Quite the mess you made.\" Yuji shrugged. It was what happened when using a sword. \"Nothing you can't handle, right? A job can't be too easy.\" \"Hmm.\" Charlie smiled as he hummed. \"Can I leave you to it?\" \"Of course.\" Accepting eight coins from the box, Charlie waved to Yuji goodbye as he headed towards the kitchen in search for a good bottle of wine. He was not too much of a connoisseur when it came to wine, so he picked two. Placing them in the side cases of the Ducati parked outside, Yuji fired up the engine, but jerked it around to the side as he felt the back of his neck tingle. A bullet seemingly coming out of nowhere ricocheted off the helmet. \"Shit!\" Though slightly discombobulated, Yuji fled the area weaving through the traffic. Bullets continued to rain down on his back, shattering windshields, destroying lamp posts, flattening tires, and setting off car alarms. Checking the side mirrors and glancing upwards behind him, Yuji saw a familiar face. A man with a shaved head and a beard, donning a blue suit. In his hand was a long rifle with a bipod underneath. He was too far to make out facial features, but Yuji knew. That man was going to be trouble. Parking in front of the Continental, Yuji brought today's spoils of war back to his room. The bed was made and the trolley of food had already been taken away. All that was left was a business card with an imprint of a set of pink lips. Dressing his wounds, Yuji dialed another number on speaker. \"Operator. How may I direct your call?\" A young woman's voice sounded. \"Logistics and conveyance please.\" \"One moment, please.\" Barely twenty seconds passed before the call went through. \"Logistics and conveyance, how may I help you?\" \"I have a box to ship.\" \"Verification?\" \"0085-02.\" \"Dimensions?\" \"In centimeters, height is 20, width 45, length 35.\" \"Weight?\" \"Ten kilograms, not more.\" \"Destination?\" \"The bank.\" \"Time of pick up?\" \"7:00 pm at the hotel.\" \"Processing. Please hold.\" Again, in less than a minute, the woman on the phone confirmed the order. Taking a stack of coins from the box for later use, Yuji sat with his legs crossed on the bed. That man that was shooting him definitely looked familiar. He cursed himself for not being able to put names to faces. It was one of the ill effects of being a contract killer. Targets were just targets, not people. They were names to be crossed off someone's shit-list. \"Dammit, come on….Come on, who was that man?\" Concentrating on breathing, Yuji continued to mutter to himself as he racked his brains to recall the sniper. He even had several drinks to see if that would jog his memory. And after finishing an entire bottle and a glass of bourbon, Yuji had a dazed but wide ear to ear grin. \"I should've known. Cassian.\"[Chapter 4] WHEW! Finally done with finals and graduation ceremonies and all that fun stuff. Now I can actually juggle the graduate level course along with my personal time for writing. I apologize profusely for the hiatus, but it is what it is. I'll try my best to post more for the other story I have on this website. Hopefully I haven't completely lost my touch. Enjoy! \"Cassian. Where is he?\" Yuji whispered to the man sprawled on the pavement whom he was sitting on, the blade of his short sword a hair's breadth away from severing his left ring finger. The pinky was already a bloody stump. The man cursed at Yuji in Italian through choked back sobs, but screamed as another of his fingers came off, followed by a splash of alcohol on the bleeding hand. \"Listen, you have eight more fingers and ten more toes. I have a bottle of vodka that is not even half empty. You do the math.\" \"Fuck y――\" The blade jammed into the thumb knuckle, leaving it just barely hanging by the skin. \"Before you say anything more, I can understand Italian. Mention my family again, I will take an eye. Where is Cassian?\" \"I DON'T KNOW I SWEAR!\" He gasped before slumping to the floor. The blood loss had put him in shock. Leaving the body, Yuji stood up as he muttered in frustration. \"How can that man hide so well?\" Cassian was a well-built six foot tall man with a bald head and a rather intimidating thick beard. While he may be able to lose people tailing him in a crowd, his face was definitely not one that could be forgotten easily. It was already past three in the morning and after going through a dozen or so inquiries and interrogations, Yuji still had nothing. Walking away from the littered bodies of Camorra henchmen, he decided to turn in for now. He needed a drink and was hungry. After a late brunch, Yuji sat in a park with a bottle of green tea in hand and a takeout bag from Applebee's, scanning the area, regretting that he had come out too early. It was a Monday at high noon. Too many pedestrians were obscuring his vision. And it was strangely humid, an aspect of general weather that Yuji just barely tolerated. He needed to cool off. Standing up, he moved to an area with round tables, situated underneath the shade of a large tree, some of which had checkered tiles for chess games. Several elderly men and women were playing, betting cigarettes and even some small change. He plopped down on a seat in front of a man wearing a beanie, not much older than himself. His checker flannel and hooded coat was frayed at the edges, but still in good condition. A dog was at his feet, feasting on a small box of chicken nuggets. \"You up for a game?\" He asked. \"Sure.\" Tossing a quarter, it was decided that Yuji would go first. They silently moved the pieces as the man pulled out a tin mug and bottle from his pack, taking small sips from time to time. He was good. Yuji typically invited the opponent to make the error, using their moves against themselves to further his advantage, but this man refused to take the bait. His playing style had finesse, clarity, and yet was unpredictable. \"You're good.\" He commented. \"Lots of time to practice. You are amazing as well.\" \"Thanks man. It's how I get by.\" \"Hm. Promotion. I'll take my queen back.\" Yuji reached over the table for his piece. \"Damn.\" He clicked his tongue as he took a knight from the board. Another twenty minutes passed as they played, but the match ultimately ended in Yuji's loss. \"Nice game.\" The man nodded and as he extended his hand over the table to shake Yuji's, his palm hit something other than skin. Something cold and hard. \"Tell him it's Yuji Ooe.\" The man furrowed his brow as he stared at the gold coin in his palm. Looking down at the board, he held up three fingers. Yuji flicked his eyes to his pieces that were captured: aside from pawns, a rook, a knight, and a bishop. With a sigh, he forked over three more coins. Packing the chess pieces, the man stood up, silently motioning to follow. Walking through a complex maze of alleyways for about an hour, the man silently motioned Yuji to hold his arms out and after a quick pat-down and a satisfactory nod, he pointed towards the fire escape of a red brick building. Yuji slowly walked up the steps as the man followed two steps behind him with his dog. \"Thank you for seeing me. Your man is quite the chess player.\" Yuji bowed his head slightly. He stood atop the roof of one of the many abandoned buildings now used as illegal loft housing or large scale soup kitchens. Many other men dressed as beggars were either sitting down on foldable chairs eyeing Yuji or tending to the cages filled with dozens of carrier pigeons. \"Oh, you played Earl?\" The dark-skinned man walking amongst them chuckled, petting a pigeon. \"Toughest man I know to beat at that damn game. How'd you do?\" \"He took a hefty toll for himself.\" Earl smirked at Yuji's words. \"Yeah, he does that sometimes.\" He let out a hearty laugh as he gently tossed the pigeon back into the cage. \"Figured it was about time you came to me. But what I don't understand is your emotional stake in the affairs of John.\" \"I was told you were the Bowery King; all-seeing, all-knowing. Your question is quite unbecoming of a man who claims such power and intelligence.\" Yuji's retort earned him several sharp glares from the men sitting around him. They were all armed. He could tell. \"Funny kid, aren't ya.\" \"Will you help me or not?\" \"Can I? Yes. Will I? Well, we'll see.\" \"I actually come bearing a personal gift. For you.\" \"Really?\" The Bowery King turned around with a skeptical smile. \"Yes.\" He held up the Applebee's takeout bag for the Bowery King to see. \"A Nashville Hot Chicken Sandwich with fries. From Applebees. Just so you know, I had to buy lunch for Mr. Earl here. And his dog.\" The Bowery King remained silent for a full minute before bursting out in howling laughter and took another minute before he was able to catch his breath. \" Damn! Woooh! Alright, fine. You got me there. That… that was good. Oh, man. It's been a while since I had a decent laugh like that one. So, you need a way into the Camorra's stronghold in this city. And you need to find a person of interest. I will do one for that laugh.\" \"One?\" \"One laugh gets you one favor. You choose which one.\" He took the bag from Yuji and unwrapped the sandwich, taking a moment to reflect as he breathed in the spicy aroma. \"Please find Cassian then. I will do the rest.\" \"Sold American. We'll send a bird for you to the hotel roof. Twenty four hours.\" \"Thank you.\" \"Earl, show him out, will you?\" With a nod, Earl again motioned Yuji to follow him. On the way out, he pulled a long, cloth bag and handed it to Yuji at the door. The length was familiar. \"For the lunches.\" \"Thank you. I'd like to play you again if the occasion arises.\" With a silent nod, Earl slipped back into the building. Yuji sat on the floor of the hotel room with his legs crossed. The long cloth bag sat in front of him. He had been staring at it, hard, for the last ten minutes since he returned. In it was a full-length katana, a high quality one, possibly even better than the short sword he has been using. He now had twenty-four hours to strategize, but he hadn't the faintest clue as for where to begin. What was he even going to say to Cassian once he tracked him down? To let his employers die? That was obviously not going to happen, especially after the incident with Gianna D'Antonio under his watch. Reputation is the equivalent of blood and oxygen for people in their line of work, and a second error would likely mean his career's end. Besides, Cassian has no emotional stake in saving John Wick like Yuji. He certainly did respect the man, but that was all. His hate for the Camorra only stops with the late Santino as he was the cause of Gianna's death. \"Fuck,\" Yuji muttered as he snatched up his phone and dialed a number. Working alone was the general way of doing things, but this time, no matter how he planned it, it was not going to work. He needed a second opinion and maybe even an extra set of hands. After three rings, the call was answered by a young woman. \"Hello?\" Yuji immediately felt his throat close up. For about ten seconds, he was unable to utter a sound. \"Hello-o-o?\" \"Pearline, it's me. Yuji.\" He muttered, clearing his throat. \"Oh. Hey.\" Pearline replied quietly. \"Are you in the area right now by any chance?\" \"In Japan?\" \"No. America. The Continental.\" After a long pause, Yuji heard Pearline exhale hard into the mouthpiece. \"This is about John Wick, isn't it?\" \"Yes. And you know I would not be calling you if the matter is not of the utmost importance. I, uh…..I need your help.\" \"With what, exactly?\" Pearline asked slowly, the caution rising in her tone. \"Getting the Camorra to cancel the price on Mr. Wick's head.\" Yuji answered plainly. Again, there was a long pause on her end before she replied, \"You do know that the High Table will still want him dead, right?\" \"Yes. But it's a start. Mr. Winston….considers him a favorite. He is doing what he can in his own way.\" \"What makes you so sure about that? Sure, he's the owner of the Continental, but even he can't cross some lines. Fighting head-on with the entire High Table won't end well for him. Bad for his health, to say the least.\" \"I know that. I know that he knows that. Mr. Winston has been doing this for God knows how long, he's no fool.\" After all, he did use a loophole before during the incident with Iosef and Viggo. \"So…will you please help me?\" \"I could. But I want something in return.\" This time, it was Yuji's tone that rose in caution as he slowly answered, \"That would depend on what you ask for, but I will do everything in my power to deliver. You have my word.\" It was not that he did not expect the quid-pro-quo, he only worried about what exorbitant price or favor Pearline was going to ask him to do or give in exchange for her services. \"Teach me how to use a sword.\" \"Come again?\" Yuji thought his hearing was gone for a second. \"Teach me. How. To use. A sword.\" She repeated, enunciating the words firmly. \"I never really learned properly. I have books and I can handle knives, but….it's not the same. You're the only expert that I personally know other than Ghost Dog. Do we have a deal?\" \"That's…..that's it?\" Yuji asked, scrunching his face in a mixture of confusion and surprise. While he did not know Ghost Dog personally, his honorable way of life and achievements are well known as John Wick. \"Well, you could also find a place that has good chocolate ice cream when I get there.\" \"Done. I will do my best to teach you.\" If that was all it was going to take, he had no qualms of acquiescing her request. It had been a while since he had a decent sparring partner with swords. \"Shall I meet you at the airport?\" \"No need. I'll see you at the Continental.\" With that, she promptly hung up. As the dull tone of the dead line continued to buzz, Yuji tossed his phone on to the bed and pulled the sword out from the bag again, setting it on the table along with his short blade. He was going to need a new sword belt. Hopefully the Sommeliers can think of something. They always do. It had been quite a while since he trained with the long sword. The blade rang as it was drawn from the scabbard. With his legs slightly spread apart, he gripped the handle wrapped in ray skin and held the weapon up at eye level. Yuji was five feet and nine inches tall, which, by American standards is not uncommonly short, but still fell just below the average height. His physique was thin but chiseled, and he preferred it that way. It meant a smaller target for the opponent, an advantage he greatly exploited for getting in close and ending the fight with a swift, fatal strike with a short, wieldy weapon. With a breath, Yuji swung, the blade whistling through the air. After a dozen or so strikes at an imaginary opponent, he shook his head in disgust. He was out of practice. Snatching the phone on the bedside table, he hit zero to contact the front desk. \"I'm going to need the fitness center. Room 622, yes. Thank you. Also I'm going to have a guest arrive tomorrow. Yes. Can room service accommodate Japanese cuisine? Something simple will do. For tomorrow, yes. Thank you.\" Tossing the phone back, he took the two swords and headed out. He had an all-nighter training session to do.[Chapter 5] Yuji groaned into the pillow in pain as the massage therapist began loosening the knots in between his shoulder blades with her fingers. \"This is what you get when you suddenly do something you haven't done in full force. You're lucky it's only this bad.\" \"I did not have time to slowly buil-aagh!\" Her elbows drove into the right side of his neck, cutting off his excuse. \"Build up. Time was not a luxury I could afford at the time. I needed every minute.\" \"If you say so. Alright, I'm going to be doing acupuncture now, so don't move.\" Pulling a box open, the therapist took several dozen needles, all which were thinner than follicles of hair. She gently placed each one in several points of his body. In about fifteen minutes warm relief began spreading through his entire body. Yuji sighed as the pain eased its way out like steam from a sauna. \"You, miss, are a miracle worker.\" \"Drop by more often then.\" She said with a shrug, but clearly pleased by the compliment. \"And don't call me miss. It's Penelope.\" \"Very well then Penelope, I think I will require your services again soon.\" \"Oh, really? Expecting to do more business elsewhere?\" \"Soon, yes.\" Their conversation was cut short by Yuji's phone trilling. \"Would you mind getting that for me, please?\" With a nod, Penelope tossed the phone onto the bed. He set it to speaker. \"I'm at JFK. I'll be at the hotel in about half an hour. You ready for me?\" \"Considering what I will be teaching you, what choice do I have? I trust you brought your own tools of the trade?\" \"Duh.\" \"Tell me what they are. All of it.\" \"Astra A-100, Ruger Mark II, Ruger Mini-14 GB-F, ammo, some small knives and Ghost Dog's sword.\" \"Interesting choice.\" \"What, is there a problem?\" She asked, sounding somewhat offended. \"No, no problem. Just….putting names to guns is all. I should be ready when you get here. Tell the front desk I'm expecting you, they should let you in.\" \"Got it. See ya then.\" The call went dead and Yuji tossed the phone onto the couch as he repositioned himself to get more comfortable. \"Friend of yours?\" Penelope asked. \"More an associate than a friend, I'm afraid. I need some help, and she was the only one that I could think of to go for help. I can be very particular about certain things and how I go about life so I'm not exactly the most accommodating human being.\" \"So you're an acquired taste. Nothing wrong with that.\" \"What makes you so sure of that?\" \"Simple: I'm an acquired taste myself.\" With a nonchalant reply, she began removing the needles from Yuji's back, giving his back one last quick wipe with an alcohol swab. \"How so?\" \"I work here,\" she scoffed. \"That's plenty to be acquired taste worthy, isn't it?\" \"True,\" he agreed as he stood up and stretched. The soreness was almost completely gone from his body. He rolled each of his shoulders back slowly. He could feel the knots were still there, but less pronounced than before. \"But at least not to the point where you're neck deep in the flesh-for-cash business.\" \"Flesh-for-cash business? Is that what you call it?\" Penelope asked, stifling a laugh. Yuji squinted one eye, unsure of the comedic element in his words. \"The client wants someone dead, I kill them, provide proof and get paid.\" \"An obscene fortune, yeah.\" \"Not always. Not in my case, anyhow. As long as I deem it a valid currency of some kind, I take it. And I deliver.\" \"So….you would kill someone for a quarter?\" \"If that is all they have to offer aside from their life, yes.\" In fact, those were the first string of jobs that Yuji took that started his career. The amount offered differed every time, each bill and coin drenched with tears, blood, dirt and sweat, each with a different story behind it. The very first one was a young company man who wanted his own wife and her paramour dead, offering three months of his salary plus the engagement ring. \"Why?\" \"There are several pillars that act as stabilizers of a person's mind. Support provided in different capacities: emotional support from a third party, money, dignity, health, food and such.\" Taking a stack of playing cards laying on the desk, he began putting together a house with his steady hands. Once he built it several stories high, it fell into a heap with a simple breath. \"If enough of these are compromised, they will do anything to stabilize. Even take the lives of those responsible for it or themselves for their inadequacy. But not all of them possess the skill or the constitution to go through with it. It ultimately comes down to how badly you want something and what you're willing to do for it.\" \"Makes sense, I guess.\" During the pause, there was a knock at the door. \"And that's my cue to leave.\" \"Thank you for the massage.\" Yuji handed her a small wad of bills and a coin. With a nod, she took it and left, switching places with Pearline. \"You look sleepy.\" Pearline commented as she set her bag down on the carpet floor. \"Due to catching up on my own review, to tell you the truth. Limber up before we start.\" \"Don't you wanna sleep? I have jetlag too….\" \"I can sleep whenever. You on the other hand, at least need to have the basics instilled into your muscle memory. Handling a blade of any kind is about instinct. Angle, footwork, hand-eye coordination, everything must be as natural as taking a breath, particularly when it's longer.\" Gathering his things, Yuji signaled Pearline to follow him. Descending to the third floor, Yuji walked past the gym where a middle aged woman was panting on the treadmill as her unhealthily large body swayed every step. Walking toward a janitor closet, he opened a slot on the door and fed a coin in. The lock disengaged with a click, and Yuji swung the door―and the shelf attached to it― open, revealing an empty room with mirrors covering one end of the wall much like a dancer's studio. \"Here we are.\" \"Wow.\" \"You don't use the Continental often, do you?\" Yuji asked, clearly unimpressed. \"Didn't need to in the first place, I know plenty of places to hide. Last time I traveled overseas was during college too, so….\" \"Hm. Let's get started then.\" Once he saw Pearline pull out the sword from the bag, he stepped in, quickly drawing his own, the ring of steel echoing through the draw-slash. She just sidestepped out of the way, the blade taking half an inch or so of some of her braids. Flinging the scabbard towards him as she unsheathed the sword, she pounced on him, a stab aiming straight for his throat which Yuji slapped out of the way with the back of his hand against the flat of the blade. Stepping in, again, he swung, the back of the blade hitting her right across the navel. Drawing across it, he chuckled, \"You're dead.\" Pearline hissed as she felt the blade being drawn across her stomach for a split second. Changing her stance, she inched her way towards Yuji, who stood sideways, sword kept close to his right shoulder pointing upright. As the blades glinting under the fluorescent light whistled through the air, the occasional clash of steel echoed dully in the room. And so the sparring went on until Pearline could no longer stand up. She was quite the power house. Although she may not be able to stand, the grip on the sword was still uncompromisingly tight. The sweat drenching her stung the extensive number of shallow cuts on her body. \"Dammit….\" Groaning while picking herself up, she began stretching. \"You do know what you are doing, I will admit that. You have the basics down. All you need now is experience, which you will have plenty soon. You do not use your sword often, I take it?\" \"Rarely on jobs. Just for form practice. It wasn't mine originally, so it didn't seem like it was my place to use it. He wasn't a materialistic man, but I know for a fact that this is one of his most prized possessions.\" \"As it should be. Its craftsmanship is superb, unlike anything I've seen in quite a while, so I see your point. But Ghost Dog is dead. The ones responsible for his death are as well by your hand, I assume.\" Rather than answering, Pearline merely gave him a sarcastic stare. \"Then I fail to see how you have not earned the right to use his sword after that.\" \"You saw how I did. A weapon is only as powerful as its master. I'm still not good enough.\" \"Another fair point. Well, I think we've done enough for today. Let's take a break, shall we? We have a little less than twelve hours before my contact comes with a delivery.\" We have a little less than twelve hours before my contact comes with a delivery.\" \"A break ?!\" Pearline shouted in disbelief. \"No, I'm gonna fucking sleep. I don't care what you say. And I'm hungry. In-flight food was shit.\" \"You flew coach.\" Yuji realized, suppressing a snicker. \"Oh, I'm sorry for not being so damn extravagant and lavish! Just…..get me room service or something? Please?\" \"Of course. I approached you for help, not the other way round.\" In fact, she was entitled to every hospitality that could be offered (within the bounds of good taste, of course). \"Will an ice cream sundae lift your spirits marginally?\" \"Marginally. And no sundae. Just a cone. Double scoop. But that's for dessert.\" \"Done. I could eat as well.\"[Chapter 6] \"You sure he's coming?\" Pearline asked as she leaned out of her seat to check the window for the tenth time now. The Bowery King's bird had an address strapped to its leg. It was a small Italian café Rosa Nostra. Sitting in the corner seat out of view from the street, Yuji ordered some coffee and two large slices of Genoise cake with butter cream frosting, playing shogi for about an hour and waiting for Cassian to show up. \"I have gone to that man before on more than one occasion, and he delivers everything I need. For a price, of course, but once a deal is struck, that man will honor it. Besides, he did not give us a location and time, merely a location. This is meant to be a stake-out, in case you need to be reminded. Be patient, he'll show up soon. Checkmate, by the way.\" Yuji tapped the board after capturing a piece. \"Dammit,\" she grumbled as she took another bite of the cake. \"You tend to neglect keeping track of your blind spots which you also neglect to keep to a minimum.\" Packing up the pieces into the foldable board, Pearline stuck her tongue out, tossed it into her backpack and pulled out a weathered copy of Rashomon And Other Stories. \"Ah, you're an Akutagawa fan?\" \"Ghost Dog was. Rubbed off on me too.\" \"Any favorites?\" \" Yabu no Naka. \" She replied, barely even looking up at Yuji to make eye contact. \"I like the jab he takes at the inconsistency and the irony of how malleable the truth can be. The more I read it, the more the concept of objectivity became….hypocritical, if you ask me.\" \"Quite the bookworm. I appreciate you enjoy short stories from Japan.\" \"What about you? You come from the country the author was born.\" \"My favorite by him would be…. Kumo no Ito. Simple tale but still very impressionable. Oh, more coffee please.\" \"That story? It was a little too predictable to enjoy in my opinion. Any others?\" \" Aku no Kyoten. The movie was great as well. The author knows the mind of the high-functioning sociopath very well. And now thanks to the movie, Mack the Knife is one of my favorite jazz songs.\" \"I heard about that movie. The guy that plays the psychopath needs to work on his pronunciation on English a little more, but it looked pretty good, review-wise.\" \"Sadly the educational system of foreign languages in Japan is….well, barely effective to say the least. I learned that the hard way. You? Any favorite movies, music?\" \"Movies….eh, not so much. Maybe Throne of Blood , couple other movies, but my life is already kind of a movie. But for music, definitely hip-hop. LL Cool J, KRS One, Biggie Smalls, A Tribe Called Quest, Snoop Dogg, RZA, Wu-Tang, stuff like that.\" \"Old-school. I respect that. And as if on cue, here he is. You might want to move the cake away from the table edge if you still want to eat it. In case it comes down to that.\" Taking the last bite of the cake and licking the frosting off his fingers, Yuji produced his short sword from within the folds of his jacket. The bell on the café's door jingled. Footsteps approached. Balanced, composed, unwavering and confident. Footsteps belonging to a man of honor, focus and commitment. They soon stopped as Cassian in his dark blue suit and brown wingtips saw Yuji. His hand instinctively reached for his gun, but seeing a red dot hovering around his torso, he slowly brought his hands down. \"You are quite a hard man to find, Cassian. I figured the associates of your late ward would have…cut you loose, so to speak. But then again, you are the second man to my knowledge that survived a bout with the Boogeyman himself.\" \"If you're going to kill me, get on with it.\" Cassian muttered. \"I have no interest in taking your life. But humor me by answering this: Why still work for the Camorra?\" \"If you're seriously asking me that, you must be more of an idiot than stories tell you to be.\" \"Stories?\" \"The little blood-drunk demon that prefers blades over bullets, leaving his mark with it like a Jack the Ripper wannabe.\" Yuji chuckled. \"Forgive me if I have offended you, I do not mean to question your work ethic or your code. You are a loyal man, someone that would risk his life to honor a promise, not a drone that blindly takes orders from whoever holds your leash. However,\" he said as he stood up, motioning Pearline to lower the gun, \"you must have doubts.\" \"About what? The Camorra?\" \"The leader may have changed, again, but it still is the organization that had a brother permanently remove his own sister. Not to purge a mutiny, or to smoke out a rat, but to steal. Out of a petty inferiority complex, greed and vanity, I might add. Is an organization disloyal to itself really worthy of a man of your caliber? Of your honor?\" \"How they run things isn't my concern. Not that I disagree. We done here?\" \"Yes. Thank you for your time.\" Leaving a crumpled hundred dollar bill and finishing the last of the coffee, he stood up. Pearline crammed what was left of the cake into her mouth and jogged after him. The bell gave an empty jingle as the door closed behind Cassian. Flicking his eyes to the table the two were just sitting at, he saw the hundred dollar bill crumpled up in an unusual way, like wrapper. Six gold coins came tumbling out. A dry chuckle found its way out of Cassian's mouth. \"Funny.\" \"After all of the trouble you went through to get to him, you're actually letting him go? He's obviously going to come after us at some point, catch us at a weak moment! The hell do you think you're doing?\" \"It's fine. That was no place for killing. Besides, that establishment has good taste and good food. I also have a deal with Vincenzo Fedrico about the rules of engagement. Not involving civilians is part of it.\" \"Lead with that next time, maybe?\" \"I will. Sorry about that. But the rules are simple: no civilians, no children, no police, and no open accounts. That's it.\" \"What are we going to do now? Keep knocking down mob-owned places and killing them until they run out of flunkies to throw at us? No offense but that sounds like it could get boring real quick.\" \"Would you rather fly to Rome? Take them on their land? I've ever been there twice, and by the time we get there, they would have moved every asset they own, switched safe houses, bulked up on security and laid traps in every foxhole that only they know about. So as much as I hate boredom as you, basing this war here is the only viable play that we have.\" \"Sooooo, where to next?\" \"You know Francis?\" \"Ummm…Russian guy, right? Bouncer that worked for the Tarasovs?\" \"Correct. He actually retired recently after Abram Tarasov pulled his operation out from New York. Understandable after the…..heavy casualties.\" The story of stupidity revolving around the once powerful Viggo Tarasov's foolish scion Iosef took no time in spreading across the world. Abram likely knew that it was only a matter of time before they would be ousted from this way of living. \"What's he going to tell us? He already cut ties, didn't he? You said so yourself.\" \"Not entirely from what I heard. Francis' bar is a come one, come all sort of place. And when I mean all, I mean all. And he has very good hearing.\" With a look of understanding and a widening smile crossing her lips, Pearline nodded several times, realizing where this was going. \"Okay. When are we going?\" \"In a couple of hours. Let's see if what you learned stuck.\" ","Summary":" Author's note: Since there seems to be an extreme deficit in Wick-flicks (as I've seen it expressed"},{"Movie":"Hook","Title":"Make My Kids Glow","Author":"NinaVuelta93","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10097895","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Hello everyone! So I watched Hook for the first time in YEARS a few days ago and a seed was planted in my messed up little head. This is the result of that, plus a little boredom. Enjoy and review if you like, don't like, whatever I'm flexible! Disclaimer: I don't own anything that you recognise, just the OC's that you have and haven't met yet. \" Hope is wishing something will happen Faith is believing something will happen Courage is being able to make it happen .\" I. \"It's not that I enjoy beating the living daylights out of someone. And it's not that I'm a violent person that finds pleasure in bringing pain…\" Lydia sat back in the chair and thought for a moment, \"It's just that people keep pissing me off.\" She heard her father's sharp intake of breath and she knew he wanted to scream at her. The principal was much calmer though when she spoke, albeit it livid that Lydia had been caught fighting…again. \"Well, as well put as that reasoning is, Lydia, I'm afraid that after three fights that you have been involved in, I have no choice but to suspend you.\" \"What about the ferret-faced butt monkey in the infirmary?\" \"Lydia!\" so that was the limit for little Daddio? \"His consequences are none of your concern.\" \"They are too, he tried to rearrange my face!\" \"That's enough Lydia.\" The principal sighed, seeming to have given up on whatever speech she had concocted when Lydia had been sent to her office again. \"You'll be expected back at school in January.\" Lydia tuned out as the principal spoke to her father, staring out at the grounds of the school. She wanted so badly to be out there, in the fresh air. Being inside anywhere always made her feel stifled. As father and daughter left the office, other students were milling around, on their way to the cafeteria for lunch, but Lydia was on her way elsewhere. Hell. They snickered as she passed, the reject finally getting what she deserved, but she just hunched her shoulders and ignored them. \"I'll wait in the car.\" Her dad's neck had a red flush, a sure sign of how spitting mad he was. Lydia sighed as he left, making her way to her locker. If he wasn't so quick to treat her like she didn't matter, maybe she wouldn't be so quick to use her fists instead of her words. She couldn't wait for the Christmas break when the family was going to England to visit Gammie Wendy. She was the only one out of the three kids that had actually grown up with Wendy, and Wendy was the only person in Lydia's life that seemed to care about her. Lydia felt eyes on her as she grabbed her backpack and coat, and she turned to see her best friend Elijah strolling towards her. His usual look of annoyance at her made her smile. The boy didn't approve of her fiery temper but he accepted it and let it become a running joke between them. \"So what is it this time?\" he leant against the locker next to hers and smiled. Lydia grabbed her bag of chocolate chip cookies that never depleted thanks to her mom and stuffed it in her bag. \"I got suspended for three weeks after Christmas break.\" \"Oh, Lydie.\" \"I know, I know.\" She slipped her coat on and picked up her bag. \"I had it coming.\" \"So did the douche whose nose you broke.\" \"So I did break it then? I was wondering.\" The two friends walked down the hall, talking about what each one was going to do over Christmas. Elijah was going to his grandparents in Napa, as he did every year, and Lydia resisted the urge to ask him to take her with him. She wanted to go to England, just not with her family. Or one family member. The car ride home was excruciating. Her dad didn't seem to care to talk to her and Lydia didn't really want to speak either, knowing exactly what would come. But eventually, after twenty minutes of silence, she just couldn't take it anymore. \"I'm in a world of trouble aren't I?\" \"You've already been suspended, let's just leave it at that.\" \"So what, you're not even going to ask me what happened? I could have been hurt!\" \"That is irrelevant since you weren't the one in the nurse's office were you? The fact that you can't seem to behave like an adult is of more importance.\" \"I'm only fourteen!\" By now they had pulled up to the house and her dad cut the engine. \"You're starting high school in six months, Lydia when are you going to stop acting like a child?\" \"When you start acting like a dad!\" Lydia threw the door open and ran into the house, up the stairs and slamming her door shut before falling onto her bed and sobbing. She loved her dad, but sometimes she just wished he would go on a business trip until she turned eighteen or something. Reviews send me to my happy place![Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I don't own anything expcept the OC's that you have and haven't met yet. II. When her mom walked in an hour later, knowing how much Lydia hated people trying to talk to her when she was upset, the teenager was sitting curled up at the top of her bed with her headphones on. Lydia smiled at her mom, waiting for the lecture. She might not have been as harsh as her husband, but the fact was that Lydia had gotten suspended and that was a big deal. But Moira simply sat down next to her daughter on the bed and moved her till she was lying with her back facing her. Lydia let out a sigh as her mom began rubbing circles on her back, her gentle hands making all of Lydia's anger and hurt go away. Gammie Wendy had started this little habit when Lydia was maybe four years old, and it was the only thing besides a tranquillizer that could calm her down sometimes. \"I'm not going to say anything about the suspension, sweetheart.\" Her posh British accent and calm voice also did wonders for Lydia's headache. \"Don't worry, dad already took care of that by not talking to me.\" \"He's just disappointed, Lydie.\" \"And you're not?\" \"No, I am. But unlike your father, I'm not going to ignore you for it.\" Now she circled with her nails, and Lydia's eyes closed completely relaxed. \"What happened?\" \"I lost my temper again.\" \"Lydia.\" The girl sighed, knowing her mother was going to get her story out one way or another. So she just told her. It was during morning recess and the cement quad where the school had lunch was slowly filling with students, all carrying metal trays filled with disgusting slop. Lydia was sitting in her usual spot on her own, her tray untouched, waiting for Elijah to join her, when she noticed a commotion near the gate to the quad. It was a fight, as usual, between an oversized meat head and a kid half his size, and already Lydia could see blood running down the smaller one's nose. From this distance she could hear what the big one, Rick she remembered him as by reputation, was saying, and the small one who she could not remember at all did not deserve what was coming to him. That was something Lydia could not stand by and watch. Before any teachers could show up, Lydia rose to her feet and walked over. For a while no one took any notice of her, until the small kid, who was outweighed even by Lydia, was pushed onto his back on the cement and she stepped between him and big one. He stopped dead in his tracks, regarded her with a somewhat amused look on his face, and spit on the paving at her feet. That really got to her, and suddenly her desire to stop his bullying escapade became even greater. \"Looking for something, Linda?\" \"Lydia, actually. And no I was not, thank you for asking.\" \"Then piss off.\" Lydia gave him the once over. He was a grotesquely built human, but Lydia was taller than most girls her age, and a fair few guys too, so his proximity didn't really put her off. Neither did his appalling manners. She took one look at the kid who hadn't moved from his spot on the ground, looked back at Rick and said very politely, \"No.\" She saw the muscles in Rick's neck tense. Lydia realised then that she didn't actually want to get in trouble for fighting again, so she changed her defensive stance into one that said, \"just don't hurt me.\" \"Look, Rick. This guy probably didn't mean to spill your lunch or whatever, but can't you see he's terrified? And he's already bleeding. Surely that's enough?\" \"No it ain't.\" \"Please don't make this hard Rick. I really don't want to hurt you over this.\" Rick let out the most indignant laugh Lydia had ever heard, his face even turned red. It was cut short as she stepped forward and punched him in the throat and followed it up with a jab kick behind the knee. Kneeling, coughing and spitting a little, Rick looked a sorry sight. By now his friends realised he was a little at a disadvantage and two of them jumped at Lydia, each grabbing one arm and lifting her off her feet, dragging her backwards. \"I don't think you need to know the particulars of what happened after that, mom.\" Moira let out a breath she might have been holding in when Lydia started her tale. \"Why do you feel the need to interfere in other people's problems, Lydie. Especially when it is with people who cannot control their tempers anymore than you can yours?\" \"I don't know, mom. Maybe it's because I know no one would help me fight my own battles. I don't want other people to feel like that too. Especially people who don't deserve it.\" \"You think no one will help you if you need it?\" Lydia knew she was referring to her dad. It almost made her snort. \"Please, mom. When has dad ever actually listened to me when I've gotten in trouble before? All he cares about is how it will make him look bad. A lawyer that cannot control his own kids.\" \"You know that's not true, darling.\" \"Do I?\" \"Your father loves you. He just has a har-\" \"Hard time showing it, I know mom. You told me that last time, and the time before that. I don't expect him to be father of the year, but is it so hard for him to act like he has kids?\" Lydia would deny this till her last breath, but she wanted so desperately for her dad to look at her like she made him happy. Like he was happy that she was around. It damn near drove her to tears sometimes. \"I just… I just want a dad.\" \"You have one, Lydie. He's waiting for you to help him remember his old self. He can't do it on his own.\" Her mom sounded like her dad had had an accident and had lost his memory. But that was pretty much the scope of it. Over the space of about a year her dad had vanished, and in his place stood a cold workaholic who runs and hides from his wife and children. And sometimes Lydia wondered if she'd ever get her dad back. Where did he go? Reviews send me to my happy place![Chapter 3] Disclaimer: I don't own anything except my OC characters (Those are mine I tell you!) III. Having flown to England every year Lydia was pretty relaxed even during turbulence. It became a joke between herself and Jack to see who could go the longest without spilling something when they ate. It often to ordering more than they needed just to keep the game going longer. Lydia was loathe to admit that her brother had quite the steady hand. Her jeans were still a bit wet on the one leg. Jack was meanwhile engrossed in his drawing, one he wouldn't let Lydia see until he was finished. She could see why when he held it up. There they all were, falling out of a burning airplane with parachutes to make sure that whatever they landed on didn't hurt as much. Well, all of them except one. Lydia laughed at her brother's creativity, \"You should show that to dad, it might make him feel better about this turbulence.\" \"Good idea.\" And he passed it back to Maggie and told her to show dad. As Lydia listened to ensuing conversation she thought about what had brought on that little bit of bitterness in her little brother. Jack had been let down, again by their dad. He'd gone to Maggie's school play, sure he'd talked on his damn phone the whole time, but he was there nonetheless. He could say he'd actually watched it with his own two eyes. All Jack got was a video tape. Lydia had learned long ago that having dad around at your activities was a miracle, so she rarely even told him about her track and swim meets nowadays. He didn't even go in her room anymore so the trophies and medals went unnoticed as well. She wasn't all that surprised when her dad told her to switch seats. He probably wanted to do more damage control, make idle promises that would result in more videos that would never get watched. Damn, she was cynical. But, like she'd said to her mom, how long could the three of them be expected to wait for their father to realize they were there? At least their mother still got some affection now and again. Lydia was broken out of her musings when the oxygen masks for Jack's row of seats fell from their little compartments and her dad's scream filled the cabin. \"The hell's the matter with you, when're you going to stop acting like a child?\" Been there done that. When you start acting like a dad. The house hadn't changed in fifteen years. Lydia was pretty sure it had been the same since before then as well. It was incredibly cluttered, but it still seemed tidy and organised. Pictures stood, hung and were stacked everywhere. Furniture older than Lydia filled all the rooms, giving it that warm homey feel. There was something in the air in this house that Lydia found their home in America lacking. Love. For everything and everyone in it. A love for family that she relished in every time she came here. And when Wendy appeared on the landing above them, Lydia nearly cried. She waited for Wendy to greet her granddaughter and Jack and Maggie before she stepped forward. Wendy gave her that smile that was just for her and said lightly, \"Still getting into trouble, bean?\" \"True to my word, Gammy.\" Wendy's smile turned sad, riddling Lydia with guilt for her behaviour. She didn't want to disappoint Wendy and fighting in school was the one sure way to do just that. \"Standing up for what you believe in is admirable, Lydia. But if you build the guts to do something, then you better save enough to face the consequences.\" Wendy turned to the rest of the room and said, \"Now, there is one rule I insist be obeyed while you are in my house. No growing up. Stop this very instant.\" Wendy's words were like a spell, taking over the whole house. Lydia was taken back to the first time she was told that. She had smiled Wendy, with her two front teeth missing and said, \"I don't ever want to grow up, Wendy.\" Lydia listened to Jack and her dad compete for conversation until Wendy ended the struggle with some very potent words. \"So! Peter, you've become a pirate!\" Lydia had waited a year to hear this story again. She sat cross legged under the sheet Maggie had put up hanging on Wendy's every word. \"All children, except one, grow up. Now, you know where faeries come from, don't you, Maggie? Lydia why don't you tell her?\" Lydia smiled and recited the words she knew so well, \"When the first baby laughed for the first time...\" Maggie joined in then \"...the laugh broke into a thousand pieces...and they all went skipping about. That was the beginning of faeries.\" Wendy smiled at the two and turned the page of the book that held all of the wonderful fairytales, \"And look. I'm Wendy.\" And she pointed to a picture of a girl sitting by the window. \"Or was, a long time ago.\" \"But Jack says you're not the really \"real\" Wendy.\" Maggie said. \"Do you see where Jack is? Well, that's the same window. And this is the same room where we made up stories about Peter, Neverland and scary old Captain Hook. And do you know, Mr. Barrie, well, Sir James, our neighbor loved our stories so much that he wrote them all down in a book. Oh, dear me, eighty years ago.\" \"You're really old!\" \"Maggie!\" Lydia laughed at her little sister's honesty. Wendy only chuckled and said, \"That's very true.\" \"I'm sorry to break this up.\" Lydia looked up from the book as her dad pulled Wendy to her feet. Maggie gave Lydia a smirk as she stood, grabbing hold of the present she had made for her dad. \"Daddy, I made something for you.\" Lydia got up and went to the window where her brother was still staring off into space. \"Penny for your thoughts, Jack?\" \"Too expensive.\" She folded her arms and leant against the frame on the other side, \"You know you're not supposed to start your brooding misunderstood phase for another three years. It's my turn now and you're stealing it from me.\" \"So this is you not brooding?\" \"Touché dweeb.\" \"You two, get away from there!\" Lydia and Jack were yanked away from the window and Lydia's eyes narrowed as her dad shut them as if a monster was trying to get in. \"What have I told you about Playing near open windows? Keep this window closed. Do we have open windows at home?\" Lydia sighed as she dragged Jack to his bed, moving to her own as Wendy appeared to tuck him in. As Lydia settled in her own bed in the corner Wendy came and sat next to her, smiling warmly. \"Look after them, my little Lydie.\" \"Always Gammy.\" As the adults left, Lydia listened to Wendy saying her rhyme to the nightlights. Truthfully Lydia preferred sleeping with as little light as possible. But nightlights were Maggie's little security so she left them. \"Lydie?\" the little voice echoed into the quiet room. \"Yeah Mags?\" \"Do you believe Wendy's stories?\" \"With all of my heart. When the world gets scary and dark, it's stories like Peter's that keep us brave.\" \"I wish they were real.\" \"I know, Mags. It would be pretty awesome if they were.\" Later that night, Lydia got up to fetch some water. A trip so quick and simple, but one that would end saving her life. So to speak. The door to the bedroom wouldn't open. Lydia heard Maggie say Jack's name. Then the children started screaming. A/N: So that was just a little filler, kind of an opportunity for some sibling love, since we all know what happens next. The real action commences in the next chapter. From here on in I will be following the movie pretty closely, with some deviations in places, so I hope you enjoy. Reviews will send me to my happy place![Chapter 4] Disclaimer: I don't own anything expect my OC's. Enjoy! IV. Lydia had been trying to fall asleep for hours. Every time she thought she would finally doze off, a thought would enter her head, about her siblings, and she'd be wide awake again. What was eating her up the most wasn't even whether they were scared or if they'd even be found, but it was knowing how close she had been to them but she still couldn't save them that was making her eyes well up. She knew where they were. Her dad refused to admit it, but she knew. When she'd seen the parchment on the door to their room, there was no denying what had happened to her brother and sister. Now Gammy Wendy was trying to tell him the truth, while her dad was desperately trying to convince himself it wasn't so. In the pitch black room, Lydia's tired eyes were suddenly assaulted by the brightest ball of light she had ever seen. She knew it wasn't the lamp on her bedside, it was too bright. And it was floating in front of her face. When it landed, it smiled warmly at her, it's tiny feet coming to rest on her pillow. Looking around it gave a small laugh and smacked its hand to its forehead. \"Oops, wrong room! Where's Peter?\" Lydia rolled out of bed and scrambled backwards until her back was pressed to the far wall. The fairy just walked to edge of the bed and looked down at Lydia, still grinning widely. \"Guess this is your first visit from a fairy huh?\" \"You're… you- you are-\" \"Tinkerbelle. The one and only at your service!\" She gave a big bow and then lifted herself over to where Lydia sat, landing on the knee that was tucked up to her chest. \"So who, if I may ask are you?\" \"Lydia.\" \"Lydia.\" it was as if Tinkerbelle was testing how the same sounded out loud, \"I like it!\" \"Thank you, Wendy picked it out for me.\" \"Wendy? How do you know Wendy?\" \"She's my great grandmother.\" \"Hang on.\" the fairy pursed her lips and stood silent for a moment, \"If you're Wendy's great granddaughter, then you must be…\" \"Peter's eldest daughter.\" Tinkerbelle looked shell shocked, \"You mean there are three kids, not two?\" \"Wait, do you know where they are, have you seen them?!\" \"Of course I've seen them, that's why I came here. Hook's got 'em, and your dad is only one who can beat him, so I came back here to get him. Come one there's no time to lose!\" Tinkerbelle grabbed hold of Lydia's shirt and started pulling. Lydia got up, but she didn't move from her spot. \"Wait, where are we going, if you need my dad?\" \"Well, I might need a little help and you're the best choice, pretty much the only choice. Now,\" Tinkerbelle flew so that Lydia was standing at the window. \"I'll take you first and come back for your dad. I can't carry you both.\" \"But I can't go saving my brother and sister in my pajamas!\" \"Ugh, fine! But hurry up.\" It was true, Lydia was stalling. She really, really , didn't want to jump out of her bedroom window with a fairy to stop her from falling to her death on the pavement. Then Wendy's words came to her, \"All you need to be able to do anything in the world, Lydie, is just have a little faith and courage.\" Tinkerbelle let out a huff as Lydia stepped back onto the window sill. Looking down, she felt a shudder run through her, the window didn't look so high up when you looked up at it. \"Come on, Lydia, I don't have all day here.\" \"Keep your wings on! I just have to…\" her voice faded as she looked down again. What the hell was she thinking? She couldn't fly! This could literally be her last moment of life. What a waste. \"Oh Neverland save me!\" Tinkerbelle flew behind her and Lydia felt a tiny pair of hands touch her back before she was pushed off the sill. Lydia let out a scream as she plummeted to the ground, stopping in midair just before she hit it the curbstone. Looking up, or down, she saw Tinkerbelle holding onto her foot, letting the girl dangle like sack of potatoes. \"Was that really necessary, Tinkerbelle?\" \"There's no way you had the guts to jump on your own, like I said time is precious, and fleeting.\" As they began to fly towards… wherever, Lydia was adjusted so that Tinkerbelle had hold of both hands instead of one foot. \"And by the way, you can call me Tink. Lydia still doesn't remember much of the actual journey to Neverland. She'd describe it as flying higher than the clouds and then all of a sudden there's a flash and boom! Next thing you know you're coming in to land on a very big, very fairy tale island. Tinkerbelle dropped Lydia off in town that looked like it was pulled out of a cheap Lego set, and that was being kind. Several sailing ships were docked in the harbor, and people, mostly scraggly men, were walking throughout, drunk and disorderly they bumped into her several times. After giving her strict instructions to find some sort of disguise and stay low, the fairy disappeared once more. Lydia only hoped she was as fast as she was strong. Unable to do anything but wait, Lydia started looking around for some clothes to steal and disguise the fact that she was not a) a pirate or b) even an adult. If Wendy's stories were to be used as a guide, these guys didn't like kids. She was just about to slip into what looked like a house, when something caught her eye that just had to be looked at twice. She guessed it was the town's main square, but standing in the middle of it was what caught her attention. A crocodile. Standing fastened to a tower with a huge clock clasped in its jaws. Well, looks like Hook got rid of that infernal ticking. \"Oi! What do we have here?\" Lydia groaned as she saw a group of pirates eyeing her as they closed in. A lie. She needed a lie. And a damn good one too, if it was going to fool these children hating, sword wielding, generally bad tempered numbskulls. But Lydia only looked behind her and then back to the pirates and said, \"You talking to me?\" She should have run, but where the heck was she going to go? She had idea where anything was, and speaking of which, where the hell was Tinkerbelle?! One of the pirates grinned and said, \"I think the captain'd like to meet you.\" This couldn't be happening. Lydia was led with her hands tied behind her back towards the biggest of the ships in the harbor. In front of her marched the fat man with a metal hook on a velvet cushion, calling out to some skanky women hanging out a window. She was tempted to lift her feet and kick him in the rear, the pirates holding onto her offering some sturdy leverage, but she wanted to live so she held it in. She had tried to put up a fight, really she had. But these guys had size, numbers and strength against her. She didn't stand a chance. The best thing for her to do was just go with the flow and hope and pray that Tinkerbelle got there soon with her dad. Then at least she'd see some fun. Oh, then it was the pirate ship! It looked like it had been pulled straight out of a story book, with enormous masts and slippery decks. She was placed amongst the crowd and told to stay put. She obliged, thinking there was no point in arguing. Then she saw her dad. Or a pirate version of her dad, he'd clearly managed to find the disguise she had been too slow and distracted to seek out. It might have just saved her butt. When he eyes found her, Peter stopped and tried to walk towards her, but Lydia shook her head violently, telling him with her facial expression it was too risky. Tinkerbelle popped out from behind the brim of his hat just then and gave Lydia a withering stare. \"I thought I told you to stay low?!\" Peter's eyes lifted towards the fairy in surprise. \"You know my daughter?\" \"Of course I'm the one who brought her here.\" \"You what ?!\" \"Relax Peter, I gotta plan, it's all gonna be fine. Now go stand somewhere where Hook won't see you.\" \"Not without my daughter.\" \"Dad, chill, I'll be just fine over here. Besides if they figure out we're related it could end badly. Have faith okay?\" Her dad made to argue, but a voice booming through an old fashioned megaphone, which little 'mega' and absolutely no 'phone', and Peter was forced to move away and find somewhere to hide in the crowd. Lydia didn't really listen to what the fat man was saying, being more occupied with finding a way off the ship. She wouldn't be able to do anything with her hands tied behind her back, so she started wiggling her hands, ignoring the burning on her skin. The crowd of pirates then erupted to chants of Hook! and Lydia watched as the man himself walked out onto the deck. Every detail she had grown up with was present on his person. To the gleam of his right hand's replacement, to the thick black curls and finally the twisted face of a man bent on the same mission for how many years? He launched into a speech about how he was going to kill her dad, bragging about finally killing the crocodile and making it into a quiet clock. Lydia noticed a faint light flying just to her left. Turning she saw Tinkerbelle crouching behind an empty bottle. The fairy gave her a wink and Lydia smiled back. Hook had meanwhile decided to off the one man on the ship that hadn't believed his captain could do any of what he had said. Lydia watched them lock him in a chest until another more important sight got her attention. \"Jack, Maggie.\" She whispered, her heart suddenly launching into double beats. The kids were in a net, being winched out from below the deck, while the pirates taunted them and made as if to grab them. Lydia was about to run to them when her father screamed, \"Those are my kids!\" Ripping off his pirate outfit, Peter went to the net and took hold of Jack and Maggie's hands, telling them everything was going to be alright before he was pulled to where the captain was standing. \" Who are you?\" Did the esteemed captain really not think that the only man not dressed for a musical was there for the kids. At least try to put two and two together! \"I'm Peter Banning, attorney at law. Those are my children and want them back.\" \"These are your-\" \"Children, yes they are.\" \"These are your children?\" \"Yes.\" \"Yours?\" \"Yes they're his children can we move on!\" Lydia had taken the opportunity of distracted pirates to move silently over to where her dad was. Now heads turned to her after her outburst, but Hook was still too preoccupied with his nemesis to pay her any attention. Turning back to Peter he said, \"And you're-\" \"Peter.\" Oh, they weren't doing this again were they? \"You're Peter?\" \"Yes.\" \" No! My great and worthy opponent? Smee, who is this impostor?\" \"Peter flogging flying Pan!\" Fat Man Smee descended the stairs and also made his way over to the little gathering. \"I've got a sworn affidavit by a T. Bell. I've got his medical history, I even got his dental records.\" Nice work T. Bell. the two men continued examining Lydia's father until Smee said with conviction, \"He's Peter Pan or I've got a dead man's dinghy.\" \"That is disgusting.\" Again Lydia was ignored. \"Is it you, my great and worthy opponent,\" Hook actually sounded somewhat awestruck, \"But it can't be. Not this pitiful, spineless, pasty, bloated codfish I see before me. You're not even a shadow of Peter Pan.\" The men continued to argue, dad pulling his lawyer routine out of the hat, until Hook gave the fateful order. Lydia watched in horror as her siblings were lifted up above their heads, their cries making her want to claw the eyes out of the two pirates holding onto her once again since they realized she'd gotten away from them earlier. Not the brightest light bulbs by any measure. The ship was a roar of laughter as the kids dangled amongst all the rigging. Lydia shouted several curses at the supposed captain, making her own ears burn, but he didn't even care to look at her. Instead the fart bag turned to her dad and said, \"I'll make you a deal Pan. Fly up there and touch the fingers of your children and I'll set them free.\" \"I can't fly.\" Oh come on Dad! \"Explode out of there! Where is the real Pan?! Free your children.\" now the captain was getting mad. Seems like he was beginning to realize the Pan he knew was not the overweight guy in front of him. Jack and Maggie shouted for him to save them again and Lydia wanted to cry. Peter approached the mast and began to climb. Lydia held her breath as her dad ascended to her brother and sister. She knew he couldn't do it, there was no way he would reach them with that fear of his. It was impossible. \"Hey, Hook breath!\" she screamed at the captain's back and the man actually turned to her with a shocked expression on his face. \"Let me get them!\" Lydia didn't have vertigo. She'd be able to climb up there and just jump onto the net. She knew she could do it. \"Who are you?\" Seriously? \"Where have you been the last hour?!\" she was elbowed hard in the ribs. Hook merely stared at her, so Lydia elaborated with a roll of her eyes. \"The third kid you forgot to kidnap!\" \"Ah yes.\" Hook glanced up at Peter and smirked. Lydia followed his gaze and saw with anguish that her father had given up trying to get to Jack and Maggie. \"You think you can free your brother and sister.\" \"Untie me and I'll show you.\" Hook rubbed his jaw thoughtfully, \"No. Either Peter frees them or no one does.\" \"You scumbag lying son of a-\"the rest of Lydia's rant was cut off as a gag was placed in her mouth. Her dad swung down from the mast on a rope and was tied up as well, shoved next to Lydia near the railing. Tink flew past then and went to Hook, stopping the man as he was about to retreat to his quarters or whatever. Lydia felt a hand take her shoulder and she looked to her left. A pirate stood next to her who hadn't been there a moment ago. He looked young, too young to be hanging around with this bunch. She glared at his hand as he knelt closer to her, \"I'm going to untie you, when I say jump off the ship and swim. Don't look back, your dad can take care of himself. I also believe he's the real Peter Pan.\" \"Minks one iv uz.\" Man this gag was hard to speak around. The pirate let out a small laugh and his hand slipped behind her, slicing through the ropes with a dagger. Lydia kept her hand behind her back as she waited. \"Wud avoud mi gad?\" \"He'll be fine, Tink will take care of him.\" \"Hy?\" the pirate knew what she was talking about. For the first time he looked at her and she saw the deep sadness that hid there. \"Hook took me from my home too. You remind me of my sister.\" He pulled her closer to the gap in the rail, where she assumed the gangplank went. \"One.\" Tink and Hook seemed to have come to some sort of arrangement as they shook hands. Well, hand shook hook but anyway. \"Two.\" Hook had begun another chinwagging about a war in three days. So that's something else to worry about. \"Now!\" Lydia ripped the gag off her mouth and screamed at Hook, \"Eat your heart out you painted princess!\"then she turned and sprinted the few paces, leaping off the ship and into the surprisingly warm water. Back on the deck, the pirate who had freed her had already slipped the cut rope into another pirate's pocket. While they all tried to figure out how the runt had escaped, he stepped up to the other pirate and pulled the rope from his pocket. \"Captian!\" Hook turned at the boy holding up the rope, pointing to the man next to him. \"This was around her wrists, it's been cut!\" The other pirate didn't even get a chance to protest. The captain shot him. Lydia meanwhile swam with everything she had. Being a runner she was quite fit, but the shore didn't seem to get any closer no matter how far she swam. Eventually her limbs started going numb. I'm gonna drown! The thought made her flail in terror, crying out for help even though she was yards away from anywhere solid. Then arms wrapped around her waist and started pulling her. For a minute she panicked even more until she looked over and saw a girl with fiery red hair smiling at her. \"Holy crap!\" the tail that brushed her legs was strong and propelled them through the water at speed. Before she could get her head around the fact that there was a freaking mermaid pulling her through the water, the girl disappeared into the depths. Having had a chance to rest, Lydia could keep afloat but not for long. She called out the girl again but she didn't come back. Instead Lydia felt herself being lifted by a chair, basket like thing. Now she did look around. She was being lifted in the mother of all shells that was being pulled up by a vine. Oh Lord let it not snap! She looked around and saw she was nearing the top of a really high cliff, and before she could blink the shell tipped and she fell onto her face in the dirt. \"Ugh you've got to be kidding me.\" \"What did you say?!\" Lydia looked around, still on her stomach, searching for the voice that seemed to come from nowhere. \"Who said that?\" \"I asked you first.\" Well it was definitely a boy speaking. \"Well I'm asking now.\" The voice was silent for a few moments. Lydia jumped as a pair of feet landed right in front of her face. Looking up she saw a boy standing there, who looked about her age, but it was difficult to tell with the newsboy cap that sat low over his eyes with a long brown fringe sticking out. Lydia stood and looked him up and down. He was a good five inches taller than her with dark brown hair that looked really soft and thick, brown eyes and a gentle looking face. His outfit, albeit tattered and very dirty looking, was quite cool. He wore a black shirt that had kind of billowy sleeves and a V-neckline and draw strings. Over that was a tweed-like waistcoat that hung open and trousers with some very scuffed looking boots. The kid also wore a lot of jewelry, bracelets on both wrists that she wouldn't mind wearing herself actually and chains that had different charms on them hung from his neck. His clothes that looked way older than just hand-me-down-old, mixed with what had happened with those pirates, made Lydia groan inwardly. \"You're a lost boy aren't you?\" To say the kid was shocked was an understatement. \"How do you know that? Who are you?\" his voice that seemed as soft as his features usually, was now low and threatening. Lydia didn't want to tell him at first, but then she figured if it was between him and pirates there wasn't really a choice. Plus he just had this aura about him that made Lydia want to trust him. Either that or she just thought he was hot. \"I'm Lydia. I'm Wendy's great-granddaughter.\" His eyes narrowed at her, obviously trying to gauge her honesty. She squirmed under his scrutiny, not liking the way he just stared at her. \"Look, could you stop that?\" he crossed his arms then, smirking and Lydia snapped her mouth shut, suddenly scared. \"Well, you're definitely not as polite as Wendy was.\" \"Bite me.\" \"What for?\" he looked genuinely confused and Lydia nearly laughed. He shook his head and said, \"So, Wendy has a great-granddaughter, huh?\" \"Two actually, and a great-grandson.\" \"Wow, Peter would have loved to hear that.\" He had this far away look in his eyes. Lydia decided to play dumb for a while, see how much about her dad she could find out. \"What happened to him?\" He shrugged one shoulder, \"No idea where he is now. One day he went to the real world and didn't come back. Some think he fell in love, others think he died.\" \"He's my dad.\" \"Come again?\" \"Peter Pan fell in love with my mom. That's why he didn't come back.\" The boy was silent for several moments, his face a picture of confusion and shock. Then he took her hand and pulled her away from where the shell had dumped her, into a mess of trees and… snow? WTF? \"Where are we going?\" \"I think Rufio would like to speak with you.\" \"Who now?\" Lydia looked around again and the snow had disappeared, replaced by… Holy shit! They had walked towards what looked like the biggest tree house on the face of the earth! Or hundreds of little tree houses all connected by gangways and rope bridges and Lord only knows what else. \"Wow. Nice infrastructure.\" The boy just ignored her, dragging her to stand in an open space of sand that was surrounded by these tree houses that seemed to stretch to the sky. \"Wait here.\" When the boy turned his back to her, Lydia saluted him. Then she flipped him off. What the hell was his problem? He had been completely fine, friendly even until he found out who her father was. Which made her think she should have kept her mouth shut. Speaking of which where was her dad? That pirate lugnut had said Tink would take care of him, but suddenly she realized that she had leapt off that ship with absolutely no idea if she'd see him again. Even though he sucked at it, he was still her dad. She missed him all of a sudden. She missed her mom, Jack and Maggie. The thought of her brother and sister made her want to burst into tears. Were they safe, were they scared? Did they see her jump off the ship and if they did, did they think she'd abandoned them? She was yanked out of her thoughts as a shrill, almost girly scream sounded above her. Then came the shouts of: \"Pan's back! Lost boys wake up!\" Tinkerbelle? Lydia watched as a bundle of leaves and vines fell and dangled above her, held by a vine that snapped seconds later, sending the bundle to the floor at her feet. The tree houses became alive with boys swinging, jumping, yelling \"Pan's back!\" and running to the clearing with excited looks on their faces. The looks turned to confusion and caution when they saw Lydia standing there with a wriggling bush at her feet. \"Who's the shrub?\" a particularly chubby kid asked. He was a bundle of adorable. With a sword. The other kids all pulled out a variety of weapons, stepping forward. \"More importantly, who's the chick?\" a kid in a top hat asked. \"Stuff it, zitface.\"Lydia really needed to learn to shut up! \"Lydie?\" her dad squirmed until he could see her, making the boys charge and rip the vines off him. Lydia shouted for them to stop, until her dad stood up and attempted to scramble up a wall. He had a wreath of leaves around his head still, and Lydia giggled. She had never seen her dad look so ridiculous. \"Pan?\" \"That ain't Peter Pan.\" All manner of insults pertaining to her dad's weight and age echoed around the boys. Lydia stood listening a little off to the side. Her dad looked at her with desperation and she just shrugged. She didn't know what to do any more than he did. A loud horn blasted Lydia's ears and she looked around frantically. A type of small go-cart thing that ran on tracks appeared way above their heads, a kid with crazy hair crouched on it. The other boys started chanting \"Rufio!\" and the kid jumped off the cart and swung on a vine, letting go and landing in front of her dad. Her dad shouted and Rufio pulled out a sword, waving it tauntingly at him. Lydia laughed as the kids all pointed to Rufio, answering her father's question of who was in charge. Of course. \"No, no Mr Skunkhead with too much mouse. You are just a punk kid.\" With a sword. \"I want to speak to a grown up!\" \"All grownups are pirates.\" Lydia had experienced that firsthand. \"We kill pirates.\" Rufio looked about ready to kill her dad. \"Well I'm not a pirate, I'm a lawyer.\" Like these boys knew what that was. \"Lydia, tell them.\" Lydia raised her eyebrow at her dad, as all hundred or so heads turned to where she'd settled on a tree root. \"Sorry, pops. You're on your own with this one.\" \"This wrinkled fleabag is your father?\" Rufio said acidly. Lydia shrugged, not even bothering to react to the insult, \"Stranger things have happened.\" \"Kill the lawyer!\" A/N: reviews send me to my happy place![Chapter 5] Disclaimer: I don't own anything you recognise. Enjoy! IV. \"What?\" now Lydia stood and watched the boys chase after her dad. She considered going after them, but what could she do? If he was Peter Pan then they wouldn't kill him. Would they? At this point she knew next to nothing about what could happen in this madhouse. Rufio hadn't moved and now he turned to her with a very sadistic look on his face. Oh man. And here she was thinking they'd all be preoccupied with murdering her dad. Hey, where was that other kid? Was he in on the murderous mob? \"Peter Pan's daughter.\" All she did to answer him was smile sarcastically. \"Well, I never.\" This kid looked like he walked out of a cheesy eighties heavy metal video. His outfit was red and black leather with the most hideous tassels and a bone necklace or something dangled from his neck. His wasn't a bad looking kid, but his red and black mohawk was a little distracting. \"I see you've met Lydia.\" Oh sure now he shows up! The boy walked past her and stood near Rufio with his hands in his pockets looking for the world like this was normal. \"You know this imposter?\" Rufio pointed his sword at her. \"In a manner of speaking.\" \"Yeah, thanks for nothing! Where the hell have you been?\" The boy just smirked at her accusing outburst, \"Around.\" \"Ooooh.\" She wanted so badly to punch him in the face. She wanted to attack both of these mongrels. \"Scout, keep an eye on her. I have a lawyer to deal with.\" \"Don't mess up your pretty hair!\" Rufio shot her a glare. Lydia just waved, smiling sweetly. \"You know, Rufio has a temper. I wouldn't make him angry if I were you.\" The hilarious thing is that Scout actually sounded serious. \"Oh, I quiver with fear.\" Lydia had kind of had enough of these snot-nosed boys for one day. \"What are you, his henchman or something?\" \"Nope. Just another lost boy.\" He gave her crooked grin, which only made her roll her eyes. \"How nice. Why aren't you guys after me like that, just by the way?\" Another nonchalant shrug, \"You're his daughter, but you're not a grown up. We look out for kids, each other. Plus you're a girl. Boys don't hit girls.\" Her eyes narrowed menacingly, \"Look where's my dad?\" Scout pointed and Lydia turned to see her dad running off into another section of the hideout, a crowd of boys following him. Lydia laughed as she caught sight of several paintball arrows stuck to his tuxedo. \"Oh that's gonna stain.\" She knew now they wouldn't really hurt him. Further than hurting his pride. Scout laughed. Lydia sighed and turned back to him, \"Guess I better go make sure they don't make him put out a hip.\" She jogged in the direction the mob had gone, coming to a sort of skatepark crossed basketball court. There was her dad being tormented by the older boys. Tink was in a lamp trying to get them to stop their fooling around. Clearly Tink had never been to high school. Rufio appeared then, and pulled his sword out again. Lydia actually let out a gasp as he swung it right near her dad's face. \"You're dead, Jollyman.\" Lydia saw Scout stand next to her out the corner of her eye. He seemed riveted to the ongoings in front of them. Tinkerbelle had flown down to the boys now and was explaining the deal she had made with Hook. So they had three days to save Jack and Mags. Lydia looked down at her feet, her eyes suddenly stinging. They were so screwed. \"You okay?\" \"Just peachy, bean.\" \"They'll be okay, you know?\" \"What? How did you…\" \"Can't fly, fight or crow.\" Lydia looked to where Rufio had drawn a line with his sword in the sand and was addressing the boys. Her dad stood hunched listening, clutching his leg. Forget hip, she should have worried about knee replacement surgery. \"So any of you think this here scug ain't Peter Pan… cross the line.\" Lydia was tempted to stand there herself. But she just shook her head in disappointment as her own father did just that. Was it not enough that these kids had no faith him? Why didn't he have faith in himself? Jack and Mags depended on it. As Tinkerbelle dragged him back, the entire group of Lost Boys joined Rufio. Scout was already standing on Rufio's side of the line, so he didn't have to move, but he stayed next to Lydia on the side, both leaning against the wall observing. Except one. Standing near her dad was the smallest, sweetest looking little boy in the whole world! Lydia smiled as the boy began to inspect her dad, pulling and squeezing his face all ways. If she didn't know any better, she'd say he was looking for something beneath all those lines. \"Oh there you are Peter!\" Now more boys ran to her dad, all turning his face to see the Peter they remembered. \"Peter! You've grown up. You promised never to grow old.\" He promises a lot of things, kiddo. \"Don't listen to that fairy and that brainless fungus!\" Rufio raised his sword, \"I got Pan's sword I'm the Pan now. You think this guy's going to take it from me? Rufio!\" \"Ego much?\" a few heads near to Lydia turned with venomous looks. \"Shut up, girl.\" But Scout said it more as a warning than a command. \"Wait! If Tink believes, maybe he is.\" Man these boys were fickle! They had changed their minds three times! \"Are you gonna follow this drooler, against Captain Hook?\" Again they switched sides. \"What's he doing here if he's not Peter Pan huh? He don't look happy here, and who're them kids Hook's got? Give him a chance!\" Wow this kid was awesome! Lydia just wanted to hug him. \"Those are my kids. And Hook is going to kill them unless we do something.\" For the first time since they arrived in the crazy place, Lydia's dad looked at her. She could feel several pairs of eyes turn to her, and she wanted to cower behind Scout. But then he was looking at her too. \"Help me.\" Lydia felt her eyes well up at the desperation in her dad's voice. He turned back to Rufio, \"Help us, please.\" \"Yeah come on, give him a chance!\" for a small thing, Tink had a voice. Rufio looked at Lydia and she could have sworn his expression softened a fraction. But then the sneer returned as he looked at Peter, \"Only if it gets them out of here.\" \"What a charmer.\" Rufio did hear that. He walked up to her, but instead of shrinking back like a coward, Lydia straightened her shoulders and stared defiantly at him. But he just glared at her and kept walking. Scout stood up then and walked towards the group. \"Okay guys, show's over! We have work to do. Let's get Pan his family back.\" When the boys listened to him without hesitation, Lydia raised her eyebrows at him. \"Just another Lost Boy, huh?\" He actually looked a little sheepish, \"So maybe I'm a bit of a henchman.\" \"You think?\" Lydia looked at her dad who was now walking towards her, with some of the boys still trailing him. She crossed her arms over her chest as he said, \"So what do you say, Lydie? You want to help your old man get your brother and sister back?\" \"Sure dad.\" Then he did something Lydia hadn't expected, had happen for years or realized that she missed desperately. He hugged her. It was weird, one minute they were standing there misunderstanding each other and unable to cross a years long barrier of unhappiness, and then they were hugging. Lydia wasn't actually sure what to do, so she just stood there while her dad held her. But then the boys pulled him away, shouting that it was time to lose a million pounds. Lydia looked at Scout and shoved her hands into her jeans pockets, \"So what am I supposed to do then?\" Scout tilted his head, brazenly eyeballing her, \"Well, you don't seem to be in need of exercise, so I guess you could just hang out.\" \"Sounds riveting.\" \"I could show you around?\" Lydia looked up at the tree houses, their rickety appearance making her reluctant. \"How about we rather go watch my dad attempt a heart attack?\" \"'Kay.\" In an uncharacteristically gallant gesture he offered his arm for her to take, as if they were living in the 1800s. Lydia shook her head at him and walked past, ignoring the arm. Scout didn't seem fazed as he fell into step next to her. \"So where would they have gone?\" \"Beats me.\" \"Oh that's helpful.\" Shouts drifted towards them and Lydia turned in the direction of the boys' chanting. She couldn't help but burst out laughing at the sight of her dad power jogging with a kid clinging to his back, sweat dripping off him. The rest of the afternoon went pretty much the same, Peter doing Lost Boy versions of bench pressing, weight training and stretching. Rufio observed all of it with a look of annoyance, always showing off the Pan sword to her dad. Lydia had already decided she didn't like him, but she just loathed the guy. While her dad was being prepped for sword practice, the rain still pouring, Lydia walked up to Rufio, having left Scout to play. \"Would you just smile already?!\" she wasn't short but she still had to glare up at him. \"You talking to me?\" \"Nooo, I'm talking to the mohawk hovering above your head!\" \"Okay, I may have to put up with your prune father, but I could just drop you off a cliff.\" \"Go for it, the mermaids around here seem to like me. I'll be back.\" Rufio's face turned even darker. \"Watch it Princess.\" Before Lydia could shoot him a reply the lost boys began chanting again, all of them gathering in a practice ring. Lydia left the skunkhead and found a spot to sit where she could see everything. She nearly jumped a mile high when the two smallest boys sat next to her on either side. \"Hi there!\" the little guy who stuck up for her dad said cheerily. \"Hello.\" Lydia smiled warmly at him. \"I'm Pockets.\" \"Nice to meet you Pockets. I'm Lydia.\" \"And I'm Too Small.\" The other little boy was a cutie with curly hair and freckles. \"Pleasure, Too Small.\" \"I didn't say thank you.\" Lydia laughed and ruffled his hair. Pockets decided the bench was no longer comfortable and plopped himself on Lydia's lap. All she could do was giggle. The chanting seemed to get louder as Rufio appeared, sword drawn, big surprise, and there stood her dad holding a sword. He looked ridiculous. Rufio was actually smiling, \"Alright Gramps. Give your best shot.\" \"Hey there.\" Scout seated himself next to her in Pocket's old spot, handing her an apple. \"This your idea of dinner and a movie?\" of course the kid didn't understand her reference, being from the 1800s or whatever. Scout looked at the two smaller boys and smiled, \"Hey there, monsters.\" Too Small settled himself on Scout's lap. Lydia smiled, \"You like kids?\" \"I like my brothers.\" \"Scout takes care of us, Lydie!\" \"Yeah he's our big brother.\" Lydia cocked an eyebrow at Scout who just shook his head. Lydia returned her gaze to the fight, just as Rufio pants-ed her dad. While some of the boys laughed, others made crewed comments about being blinded. \"Boys.\"Lydia shook her head. As if to prove her point, Too Small grabbed her apple and took a bite out of it, leaving a huge glob of spit behind. Lydia grimaced as he placed it back in her hand, wiping it on her shirt before taking a bite. Looking around the group, Lydia grinned as she realized that most of these boys would probably get eaten alive by the Barbie dolls back home. Including skunkhead. And Scout would be a goner before he even stepped through the doors of a high school. \"Alright boys!\" Rufio's voice got all of their attention. The sudden silence made Lydia's ears ring. \"Who wants to see what Pan's little girl is made of.\" Cheers erupted as Lydia's heart rose into her throat. \"What do you say, Princess?\" Rufio had a triumphant look on his face. So he was trying to get even. Well, schoolyard fights couldn't have been for nothing, right? Lydia had quick reflexes and she could give as well take hits. Why not? \"It's on like donkey-kong!\" \"Lydia, you don't have to prove anything.\" The cheers made it impossible for anyone besides Lydia to hear Scout's voice. \"Relax, Scout. I'm tougher than I look.\" He pulled her back down when she tried to stand. \"Lydia! He's sore at you, he won't think twice about hurting you.\" \"And I'll hurt him back.\" She yanked her arm free of Scout's grip, placing Too Small in the boy's lap. The boys all cheered as she walked into the ring. Peter stepped into her path and Lydia rolled her eyes. \"There is no way you are going to fight this boy, Lydia.\" \"Well tough, dad. I am.\" She took his sword before he could try and play dad some more. She turned to Rufio and smiled, trying to hide the sudden nerves, \"Whenever you're ready, cupcake.\" He lunged at her and she brought her own sword up to block his. The force he hit her sword with shook her arms painfully. What if he did try to hurt her? There was nothing that made her doubt he could, and she had done nothing but make him want to. He noticed the falter in her cockiness and smiled. But there was absolutely nothing funny about it. In two moves he tripped her and she fell on her back, the wind being knocked out of her. Twice more and Lydia strongly considered staying down. But she was just too damn stubborn. Plus she figured if she proved her unwillingness to give up she might get a little credit. But then Rufio elbowed her in the jaw and her teeth clacked, catching her cheek in between them. Lydia collapsed in a pile. She could taste blood and stars danced in front of her eyes. She looked up and saw Rufio crouch next to her, making her defeat shameful by taunting her. \"You all tuckered out, Princess?\" \"Go screw yourself.\" Rufio straightened and paced a few steps back, \"Come on, get up!\" \"Stop it you savage!\" her dad tried to walk to her, but some of the boys held him back. Thanks guys. \"Rufio that's enough.\" Well at least Scout didn't want to see her beaten up. Lydia looked over at the audience of Lost Boys, surprised to see most of them actually looked shocked at how brutal Rufio was being, the cheering having died long ago. Pockets and Too Small were clinging to Scout. \"Come on Lydie.\" \"You can do it.\" Their voices were like a balm to Lydia's aching head. She smiled at them and pulled her arms under her. She swayed when she straightened, her head heavy. But she lifted her sword and waited. To his credit, Rufio looked a little guilty. \"Bring it on butt-plug.\" Her voice was a lot weaker now. Although he still seemed intent on kicking her ass, he was a lot gentler about it now. Maybe he didn't want to hurt her after all. Lydia's mind raced as he disarmed her, her sword clattering into the dirt, too far away to reach. Out of pure impulse she ducked his swing and rolled, coming up close to him. Before she could think twice about it she swung her fist at him, catching him on the cheek. She stepped back as Rufio fell down, his sword falling from his grip. She picked it up and pointed it at his throat. Rufio glared up at her for a moment before smiling. A genuine smile this time. \"Well done, Princess.\" \"Thanks, Cupcake.\" Twisting the sword in her grip, Lydia held it out to him. He took it and slung an arm around her shoulders, dragging her to the lost boys who were now cheering even louder than before. They patted her on the back, congratulated her and some even hugged her. Lydia felt smothered by the dozens of boys swarming her, but she was still touched. The way they just accepted her made her realize how much she had wanted to belong to a family like this back home. Sure she had only met them a few hours ago, but she already felt like they were her brothers. They were loud, boisterous and they stank to high heaven. But she had grown attached to them as she watched them torture her dad. And now that they seemed to have initiated her into the group she felt even more like a lost boy herself. Well, lost girl. And there stood her dad, with something of a smile on his face. She expected him to berate her for disobeying him, but he seemed relieved if not proud that she walked out of there unharmed. Well more or less. Her face was still pounding painfully. Lydia looked at Rufio who still had his arm around her and said, \"So what now?\" \"Next it's time to fly.\" She looked at her dad and smiled as she realized he had gone a bit pale. \"I don't have to do that do I?\" Rufio shook his head, \"Nope, flying is something only Pan mastered.\" Lydia laughed. As the crowd moved off in the direction of wherever flying practice was, Lydia saw Scout standing where they had been before Rufio had challenged her. She smiled at him and walked over to him. \"Well aren't you proud? I didn't get the smut smacked out of me after all.\" But Scout just shook his head at her, his angry expression making her frown. What did she do now?[Chapter 6] A/N: I would like to take a moment to thank my first reviewer, dream lighting, you rock! Also since it has now been 5 chapters, I also want to thank everyone who has read, followed and favourited, you are all my new favourite people! Lastly, I realise I accidently made 2 chapter 4's. I have a really good excuse why, I just need a moment to think of one. So sorry. Disclaimer: I don't own anything expcept Lydia and Scout and any other OC's, I think. VI. Well, flying practice sucked just as much as sword practice did. The pool of paint became Peter's landing mat on the first try. Lydia was tempted to ask if she could have a go, being shot out of a giant slingshot into a pool seemed like a serious rush. But she didn't think that was entirely appropriate. By the time the sun had set she was actually pretty tired, the events of the day finally catching up with her. She could only imagine how her dad felt. Rufio had found her playing catch with Pockets and Too Small and two other boys, announcing that it was time for supper. He showed her where the eating area was and she laughed as Pockets and Too Small fought over where she would sit. Eventually Rufio grabbed her arm and dragged her to where he was sitting, \"If you two can't decide, then Lydia will sit here.\" Pockets and Too Small continued to argue as they sat down. Thud But sat next to her on her other side after he nearly tipped the other bench over. Looking around she noticed one face amongst all of them was missing. \"Where's Scout?\" \"He's out scouting.\" \"Is that supposed to be a joke?\" \"Why would that be a joke?\" Lydia laughed awkwardly, realizing he was serious and indicated for him to explain. \"Scout goes out every night and makes sure the area is still safe from the pirates.\" Lydia noticed the way Rufio zeroed in on whoever he was speaking to, his eyes giving them his undivided attention, even when they were sitting right next to him. \"And that's why you all call him Scout?\" \"Yep, smart girl.\" \"Well, I have my moments.\" Lydia realized Rufio was actually a pretty easy person to talk to when he wasn't being a snotty teenager. He was sometimes even funny. \"Don't worry, Scout will get his food later.\" She wasn't worried, but still nodded. \"How's your face, by the way?\" \"Oh it's fi-\" she stopped as Rufio took hold of her face and turned it to inspect her jaw, \"Okay. Just grab my face why don't you.\" \"This hurt?\" he pushed down with his thumb and Lydia nearly jumped a mile high, \"OOOOOWW YES!\" All conversations stopped and the boys turned to her. Rufio pulled his hands away as if her face had just burst into flames. \"Well alright then. It will bruise, but I'm sure you'll still be your charming self nonetheless.\" \"I'm so relieved.\" \"What happened?\" Lydia and Rufio both turned as Scout came running to the table, his face twisted in worry and a dagger in his hand. Lydia laughed, \"You know you're cute when you're worried.\" Scout scowled at them, \"Grow up.\" Rufio laughed, \"We can't, brother!\" Several lost boys burst out laughing. Scout just continued to scowl and sat down in a huff. Then her dad hobbled in and Lydia bit back her laugher. He looked like he had been put through a ringer. Sitting down he smiled at her halfheartedly. Lydia giggled, \"Rough day dad?\" \"Hush, Lydia. So glad you're having fun.\" Lydia sat back as the food was brought in. Trays and dishes of all shapes and sizes were placed on the table… all completely empty. Lydia looked around in confusion, her dad looked just as perplexed. Sooo… where was the food? \"Rufio?\" the boy turned to her and she gestured to the empty plates, \"Is there a trick here that I seem to be missing out on?\" \"You'll see.\" The boys all clasped their hands in front of them and Lydia and Peter followed suit. \"Everybody say Grace.\" Rufio didn't strike Lydia as particularly religious. Her dad got about four words out before a raucous shout of \"Grace!\" assaulted her eardrums. Now she only watched as the boys pretended to eat. She was genuinely dumbfounded. Where was that trick she had yet to figure out? Pockets asked her dad to blow on his food, Thud But munching down on something about the same size as his face, and the twins ate in perfect unison. Even Rufio and Scout ate animatedly, their attention focused on the empty plates in front of them. Lydia turned as Peter began complaining to Tink about real food and Lydia honestly couldn't blame him. Her stomach had been grumbling for a few hours and with the promise of a feast turning up bugger all, she was a very hungry, very unhappy girl. \"Hey eat your heart out your out you crinkled, wrinkled fat bag!\" Rufio threw a plate at Peter and Lydia was tempted to sock him in the jaw, despite his pleasant demeanor earlier. \"You're very ill-mannered...\" \"You're a slug-eating worm.\" What the hell? Lydia knew Rufio didn't like her dad but was this entirely necessary. Hello, the guy was supposed to be the leader! \"You can do better than that!\" okay Tink wasn't going to be any help. \"You're encouraging them?\" \"Show me your fastball, dust brain! You paunchy, sag-bottomed puke pot!\" oh, burn! Where did these kids think of this stuff? The boys started cheering for Rufio, some of them moving to stand behind him, the others behind her dad. Lydia considered moving, but she really couldn't be bothered. \"You're a very poor role model for these kids, you know?\" especially when he said stuff like that \"I bet you don't even have a fourth-grade reading level.\" \"Way to tell him dad.\" But she was ignored. \" Hemorrhoidal sucknavel.\" Lydia had to giggle at that one. \"Maybe a fifth-grade reading level.\" \"Oil-dripping, beef-fart sniffing bubble butt.\" Was he ever going to run out? \"Someone has a severe caca mouth. You know that?\" no doubt Rufio did know that. \"You are a fart factory!\" apparently he didn't run out of insults, \"Slug-slime sack of rat guts and cat vomit cheesy scab picked pimple-squeezing finger bandage! A week-old maggot burger with everything on it and flies on the side!\" Okay that was just disgusting. All of a sudden her dad jumped to his feet. \"Substitute chemistry teacher.\" For someone who didn't know what that was, he might as well have called Rufio a… what was it? Hemorrhoidal sucknavel? Lydia realized with a start what Rufio was actually doing. He was trying to get Peter to play along with him, release his inner kid as it were. She hoped it was that and he wasn't just being rude to her father. \"Come on, Rufio, hit him back.\" One of the kids on Rufio's side said. \"Mung tongue!\" did he have to think about that? \"Math tutor.\" \"Pinhead.\" \"Prison barber.\" \"Mother lover.\" Lydia turned her head accordingly as each insult was thrown across the table, the other boys doing exactly the same. \"Nearsighted gynecologist.\" \"In your face, camelcake!\" \"In your rear, cow derrière!\" \"Lying, crying, spying, prying ultra-pig!\" \"Lewd, crude bag of pre-chewed food dude.\" \"Bangerang, Peter!\" Thud But yelled and Lydia cheered with the rest of the boys. Her dad had just shown everyone up, including her. \"You man! Stupid, stupid man!\" and with that, Rufio had run out of insults. But daddy dearest hadn't. \"Rufio, if I'm a maggot burger, why don't you just eat me?\" the look of joy on her father's face made Lydia smile. When last had she seen that? \"You zebra-headed, slime-coated, pimple-farming, paramecium brain munching on your own mucus, suffering from Peter Pan envy!\" \"What's a \"paramecium brain\"?\" Don't Ask asked. Ironic. \"I'll tell you what a paramecium is! That's a paramecium, it's a one-celled critter with no brain that can't fly. Don't mess with me, man, I'm a lawyer!\" Peter sat down in victory and Lydia chanted his name along with everyone else. Her dad took hold of a spoon and pretended to scoop something up out of a plate. Lydia stared, was he…? \"Oh, Rufio, why don't you just go suck on a dead dog's nose?\" With that he flicked the empty spoon and Lydia flinched as something cold and slimy hit the side of her face. She looked at Rufio and saw his face was covered in multi-colored cream. All eyes turned back to her dad and Too Small said in wonder, \"You're doing it.\" \"You're using your imagination, Peter!\" Lydia sat down and tucked into the food that her dad had somehow created with his mind. She couldn't have been happier if there was… \"Oh my God, no way!\" she picked up the bowl of chocolate chip cookies and beamed at her dad who smiled and said simply, \"Merry Christmas.\" Lydia nearly cried, how did he know? It didn't take her long to find a glass of milk and soon she was dunking and munching away like a… well like Too Small. Lydia looked up as Thud But suddenly threw a handful of pie cream at Peter, hitting him square in the face. Thud got one in the chest and Lydia let out a cry as she got hit in the eye. Looking over she saw Ace grinning at her. \"Food fight!\" Don't Ask yelled and all hell broke loose. Lydia made a grab for her bowl, \"No, NO! Not the cookies!\" she tucked them close to her chest and tried to duck. But Thud reached across her for more pie and she was pushed off the chair. Falling on her back Lydia burst out laughing. As she got up, still clutching the cookies, she watched her dad get pelted from where he stood on the table. More cream splattered on her and she stood. \"Hey Pan the man, catch this!\" Lydia shouted to her dad as a coconut was hurled at him from where Rufio stood to the side. \"Peter look out!\" Ace threw a sword and her dad caught it, spinning he cut the coconut right in half. Peter gazed at the sword, seeming a million miles away. Lydia could have sworn she heard a sound like a howl in the distance. A boy, crowing. Her eyes lifted to gaze at the sky and for moment it was like she had slipped back in time to when her dad was a boy. She saw his child version flying across the sky laughing with all the cares in the world absent from his heart. Then her dad dropped the sword and she was brought back to reality. But the vision still lingered long after her dad disappeared to contemplate what had just happened. Peter Pan was here, if not in physical form then in spirit, in the hearts of all the boys here. He was even in the pirates' excuses for hearts too, as they never thought of anything else except destroying him. Every soul here believed in him in some way or another, even after he left them. Peter Pan had never left his kingdom, nor had he left his Lost Boys. Peter Pan was in each of them, and he was in her dad too. Peter Banning just had to have the courage to find him. An hour later, Lydia wiped the last of the mess off the table, a few of the other older boys also helping to clean up. They had been talking non-stop to her about their adventures here with the pirates, making her double over with laughter nine tenths of the time. In between the chattering and cleaning, Lydia had managed to find Rufio and gave him a tight hug, much to his alarm. \"What was that for?\" \"I know what you were doing.\" He tried to look confused, but she saw right through it, \"Thank you for what you did for my dad, Rufio.\" \"I didn't do it for your dad.\" So he had meant to help him, \"I did it to get rid of him. The sooner he gets his kids back the sooner he can leave.\" \"The sooner I can leave too, huh?\" why did he have to be this way. Lydia liked him, he didn't have to be this cold and harsh brute around her. \"It actually wouldn't be terrible if you stayed.\" \"Then don't wish my dad away so quickly.\" Lydia had gone back to cleaning, letting Rufio think about what she had said, and now she let out a massive yawn and looked to where Too Small was sound asleep half hanging off the table with his mouth wide open. She smiled and gathered the boy in her arms, looking for someone to tell her where to put him. \"This way, Lydie.\" \"Hey Don't Ask.\" \"The little boys sleep higher up. So they're safe if pirates attack.\" \"Genius plan.\" Too Small stirred and Lydia shushed him back to sleep. \"Scout thought of it.\" The mention of Scout made Lydia cringe. He still hadn't spoken to her, or even looked at her since he gave her that nasty glare at the fighting ring. And the frustrating thing was that she didn't know what she had done wrong. She thought he'd be happy that she'd managed to earn Rufio's respect and even got him to like her. But no. When Scout had been the only one to take notice of her when everyone else was busy tormenting her dad, he was now the only one that wouldn't speak to her. But why should she care? It wasn't like she was staying here so was it really so dire that all the boys liked her? Why did it matter that he wouldn't speak to her? It did matter though. It stung. Lydia followed Don't Ask up a walkway that zigzagged until it reached nearly the top of the tree. Oh Peter would freak out if he had to do this. She ducked into a little hut like structure and laid the boy down, blowing out the lantern next to his house after she kissed him goodnight. Once out the hut Lydia pulled the coat/ shawl tighter around her shoulders. The boys had given it to her when she started shivering whilst cleaning up. It was billowy and hung loose over her shoulders like a shawl, but it had sleeves and was super warm. The only problem was the hideous brown of the fabric, but she could deal with that. Stepping onto the walkway she spotted Scout standing a few ways off, gazing out at the dark ocean. She narrowed her eyes at the back of his head and marched towards him. When she got to him she gave him a swift smack on his stupid head. \"Would you kindly explain to me why you're suddenly treating me like I have the plague?!\" she hadn't realized how truly angry she was with him until she saw him standing there, being all hot and stuff. \"You're going to wake the kids up.\" Was he really so rude that he wouldn't even turn to talk to her? Even after she cuffed him. \"Tough.\" Lydia ignored his inability to face her like a man and folded her arms over her chest, though he wouldn't see the acrid glare on her face. \"What did I do to you that was so terrible?\" Scout hung his head, Lydia heard him sigh, and then he turned to her with a completely calm face. \"What were you thinking?\" \"What?\" her tone was getting desperate. Just give a straight answer damn it! \"Going up against Rufio? You could have been hurt.\" That was it? That was what he was so pissed about? \"Why are you mad about that? Rufio's your friend, where's your faith in the guy?\" \"That's not the point, Lydia.\" \"Then what is?\" she was about ready to punch him. \"That you knowingly put yourself in danger even though I warned you not to.\" Ha, well that was a habit she had developed long before she met him, so it wasn't new to her to do stupid things. \"Why do you care anyway?\" when Scout looked away, Lydia paused. Hang on just a minute. \"Scout, what aren't you telling me?\" He continued to stare at nothing, and Lydia let out a frustrated growl, \"Fine! Don't tell me, see if it keeps me awake.\" She moved to leave, but then turned back and really let him have it, \"You know, I thought Rufio was a stubborn, ill-mannered, bad tempered brat , but you? You're worse than he is because at least he doesn't hide who he is-\" Scout clapped his hand over Lydia's mouth, completely cutting off her rant, while his other arm wrapped around her waist so that she couldn't escape his grip. She considered licking or biting it, but then she didn't know where this hand had been so she quickly abandoned that plan. Scout's eyes burned into hers, but she couldn't look away. He didn't seem angry, well not completely, so she didn't feel the need to try and fight him off. \"Stop calling me names.\" She shuddered at the sudden husky edge to his voice. \"Make me.\" She didn't think he'd heard her muffled reply, but his eyes narrowed so he must have. But before he could answer she smacked his hand away, rubbing her bruised jaw where he had bumped it with the heel of his hand. \"And they say girls are hormonal.\" she said darkly. Again with that gorgeous confused look! Lydia ducked past him and sat down on the walkway, pulling her shawl close, and dangled her feet over the edge. The view before her was heart-stoppingly beautiful. The moons had risen and were huge round balls of pure light, and there were so many stars it was like a haze in some places. That light reflected off the ocean and made it sparkle. Truthfully Lydia couldn't understand why her dad had left this place. Then again she'd never been in love either. Scout sat down next to her and fixed her with a stare, waiting for the next round of insults. But Lydia just couldn't bring herself to verbally abuse him anymore. Seeing this island's beauty stretched out before her made her realize that she was sick and tired of being angry. It was all she ever felt. Anger. Hurt. Rage. Loneliness. They were feelings she knew too well, and they had hung on her like deadweight for five years. Now that things seemed to be getting better with her dad, Lydia just didn't have the strength to be mad anymore. It was too tiring. \"You alright, Lydia?\" \"I'm alright.\" And she meant it. For the first time in years Lydia felt… peaceful. \"I'm glad to hear it. For a minute I thought you were going to attack me.\" \"I killed you in my head five times.\" \"Ouch. Different each time?\" \"Different each time.\" She sounded half asleep, as if she wasn't there anymore but already in the land of dreams. She just felt so warm inside, all that pent up anger having been let go of left her kind of… chilled. \"I just got this feeling.\" \"Oh?\" \"Yeah. Somehow I just know… everything's cool.\" Her eyes didn't leave the ocean for a second, she knew she sounded nuts and she wouldn't be surprised if Scout shoved her off the walkway for fear of catching whatever she had. \"Everything is cool, Lydia. And everything will be okay.\" He put his hand on hers, \"You'll see. We're going to get your brother and sister back. And your dad.\" Getting Jack and Mags back seemed like the easier task up until tonight. She knew Scout was looking at her, but she could only feel his eyes and frankly she was tired of not seeing them. \"Do you always wear that thing?\" she nodded to his head and Scout tilted his head up. \"You mean my hat?\" \"Yes. I mean come on the sun set like four hours ago.\" \"So?\" \"So, take it off, already.\" \"No.\" \"Come on, please?\" she gave him her best persuasive smile, but he shook his head again. \"I'm not gonna.\" \"Why?\" \"Cos I didn't brush my hair this morning.\" Lydia took a deep breath, her eyes narrowing menacingly at him. She lunged forward and made a grab for the stupid hat. \"Give it to me!\" Scout let out a grunt as his back collided with the walkway, Lydia's hands groping for his head. Scout tried to get her hands away, but she was a quick little thing. He could only watch in shame and annoyance as she sat up with a triumphant shout, his hat held above her head like a trophy. As he sat up, he pushed his curls out of his face that the hat had kept back mostly. Lydia gestured to him, still holding his hat. \"Now, see? What's wrong with that?\" she laughed at his annoyed expression, \"Don't you feel better now that you can see properly?\" Lydia was trying to hide how giddy she had just become. If Scout was hot with his face half covered by hair and hat fabric, he was combustible with his eyes uncovered and unquestionably staring at her. \"Okay, you've made your point, now give it back.\" \"No.\" \"Lydia.\" His voice was threatening but there was an edge of laughter to it. Why was she so annoying? \"Not going to happen.\" She held it over the edge of the walkway, out of his reach. \"I've beaten up my brothers for a lot less.\" \"Okay, first of all I'm not your brother. Second, I have something they didn't.\" \"And that is?\" \"Your hat.\" She moved it behind her back, \"Stay back or I'll sit on it.\" \"Are you taking my hat hostage?\" \"You got it, peach.\" Scout looked at her with a dumbfounded expression. \"Well, I have never found myself in the position of negotiating the terms of my hat's return.\" Lydia laughed and shot him a mischievous look, putting the hat on her own head. \"Oh, now you've done it!\" He reached out to grab her but Lydia was able to predict that and she jumped up and was running away in a matter of a second. With Scout chasing her Lydia discovered just how much of a maze this tree house set up was. \"I have no idea where I'm going!\" she shouted behind her, not caring if she woke the kids up. She let out a cry as she fell through a hole that had been concealed by foliage and landed on her stomach on a type of trampoline. She realized this was the same trip her father took the day he arrived here. Bouncing around like a ball Lydia looked up and saw Scout looking down at her laughing from the walkway. \"Shut up and get me out of here!\" \"Oh no way, this is priceless!\" She took his hat and waved it at him suggestively, \"Well come down here and get your hat then!\" Lydia nearly flew off the trampoline as Scout lowered himself down next to her, falling onto his back once his feet touched the fabric surface. Out of good sportsmanship, Lydia handed Scout his hat, giggling, \"All that for a hat?\" Scout laughed and put it back on her head, \"You look good in it. Might as well hold onto it for the time being.\" \"You'll have to fight me to get it back again, you know that right?\" \"I'll risk it.\" Scout put his hands behind his head and looked at the sky, trying not to stare at Lydia sitting next to him. \"Tell me about your life, Scout.\" Lydia heard his sharp intake of breath. Really Lydia, shut up! \"I don't remember much outside of Neverland.\" \"Well that's bull. Boys don't grow here, so you were this age when you left my world. You must remember something.\" Scout sighed, \"I was sixteen when they caught me pick pocketing in New York. Peter brought me here the night before I was supposed to hang for it.\" Lydia sucked in a breath, \"They would hang you for pick pocketing?\" \"Oh they did it for much less I can assure you. Courts didn't have much tolerance for street kids back then.\" His voice had gotten dark, his eyes cold as if his life was playing out before him on some screen only he could see. Lydia's eyes widened as he lifted up his shirt, revealing a nasty looking scar on his side. \"See that? Got that trying to help a friend of mine a few months earlier that was being kicked to death by a butcher. Who happened to be holding a meat cleaver at the time.\" Now he wouldn't look at her. His face was twisted in anger and pain and she could easily guess what had happened to that friend. Lydia placed her hand on his shoulder, \"I'm sorry, Scout.\" \"Alex.\" \"Pardon?\" \"My name. My real name is Alex.\" He smiled slightly, \"Well, Alessandro. But nobody called me that.\" \"Huh. I never would have guessed Scout wasn't your name. It kind of suits you.\" She smirked at him as he gave her sideways glance, \"You know, cos you're all quiet and good at sneaking up on people and stuff. But I prefer Alex.\" \"Thank you, and as I recall you snuck up on me pretty well yourself back there. Before you hit me, of course.\" \"Well you deserved it.\" \"Yes, yes I did.\" He took her hand and Lydia fought the butterflies at his touch, \"I'm sorry, Lydia. I shouldn't have been so angry with you. Guess I never figured you'd be so tough. You're a lot stronger than you look.\" \"Told ya!\" he laughed and then Lydia leaned closer, \"Does that mean you were worried about me?\" \"Of course I was worried, I care about you!\" \"Really?\" now she was intrigued. Alex, Lydia decided Scout just wasn't a good enough name anymore, seemed to get really nervous all of a sudden. \"Yeah well, the boys have become really attached to you. Not to mention what your dad would do if something happened to you. Especially now that he seems to be remembering who he is.\" \"Uh huh.\" Oh how she loved watching him squirm, it was so adorable. But she had to put the poor boy out his misery. Plus she figured now was as good a time as any to ease that burning curiosity that had risen since she laid eyes on them. Lydia reached out and took hold of several of Alex's chains at once, \"So what are all of these, then?\" \"Just things I picked up in New York. And here. I'm a thief you know?\" \"Oh.\" And here Lydia was fantasizing that there was some dangerous adventure to go with each of them. Hell the guy had lived long enough! In a magical land, no less. Lydia sorted through them, there were about five all together, naming them as she went. There was a silver locket that looked like it should belong to a woman, a white beaded chain with a wooden cross, one with an anchor, another with a Celtic knot and lastly Lydia spotted a particularly ethereal looking stone and examined it. It was in a claw-like clasp that dangled on a silver chain, but the blue stone itself seemed to glow in Lydia's hand, or maybe that was a trick of the moonlight. No, it was glowing. Or at least there seemed to be something swirling in it. \"What is this?\" \"A blue crystal.\" Gee, really? \"You get them all over here.\" He took it from her and held it up to the light, \"Legend says if you put it in water and give that to an injured person it'll heal them completely, even if they're on the brink of death.\" \"Are you being serious?\" Lydia asked skeptically \"Deathly serious.\" \"Oh, funny!\" They laughed then, Lydia actually leaning on Alex from the fits she was having. When they eventually managed to sober up, Alex took the necklace off and held it out to her, \"Here, you keep it.\" Lydia held her hands up, shaking her head, \"No I couldn't, it's yours.\" \"Nah,\" he lifted his hands and put it round her neck, adjusting it so that it sat perfectly on her chest. \"Think of it as an investment. If I die you can bring me back.\" \"Not sure I would.\" Lydia laughed at his look of horror. \"You really are a piece of piece of work, you know that?\" \"Aw but you love me.\" Lydia was still laughing loudly. \"I do.\" Her head whipped round to look at him, her eyes big with shock. \"What did you say?\" \"What?\" \"What did you just say?\" \"I said you were a piece of work.\" \"No, no, no. After that.\" \"Nothing.\" \"Don't lie.\" \"I promise I didn't say anything.\" Lydia shook her head, thinking she really was losing her mind. First glowing stones and now she was hearing confessions of love from sixteen year old boys. \"You sure?\" \"Quite positive.\" Lydia didn't get a chance to pursue the matter. Footsteps above them made them both turn. Rufio stood there like a guard. \"Lydia you should get some rest. Tomorrow is a very important day. Peter's going to steal the captain's hook.\" \"Oh, right.\" Lydia stood and Rufio reached down to pull her up. \"Thanks, um, where should I sleep?\" \"You can have my house for the time you're here.\" \"Okay, thanks Rufio. Are you sure?\" \"Absolutely. Softest pillows in the hanging tree.\" Lydia laughed and looked at Alex to say goodnight but paused when she saw the look he was giving Rufio. She shook her head and said a hasty goodnight, dropping Scout's hat to him, before making her way to the house Rufio pointed out to her. Once the girl had disappeared Rufio looked at his best friend, who had just pulled himself out of the hole. He couldn't deny the jealousy that had burned in him as he caught sight of Scout shamelessly chatting Lydia up, but he was a master at hiding his feelings. Most of the time. Scout was his best friend, and he'd die for the freak, but Lydia… she was just something else entirely. That temper, those green eyes, that acidic mouth, those lips. When she'd hugged him, having figured out his ploy with her dad, and thanked him with such openness and honesty in her eyes, he knew he was a goner. And now that it seemed like Scout was just as drawn to her, well Rufio really wanted to punch his best friend in the nose. But instead he took on a superior tone, \"What are you doing, man?\" he sounded as if he thought Scout was a pitiful fool that he was trying to help. \"What?\" \"Don't what me. I can't believe you're being this stupid!\" \"What are you talking about, Rufio?\" \"Lydia, Scout! I'm talking about Lydia.\" \"What about Lydia?\" There was no way in hell Rufio was going to let slip he liked her, that would be humiliating, so he used his own fears against his friend. \"Do you really think she's going to stick around if her dad manages to pull this off and gets his kids back from Hook? For you?\" Scout looked away then. The thought of Lydia leaving made Rufio just as angry. Stupid girls! \"Don't get your hopes up, man. Two days and she's gone.\" \"Look, just because Pan left doesn't mean she will too.\" \"What's keeping her here? She doesn't even know you like her.\" Oh the hypocrisy! Rufio should have been taking his own advice, but really he just wanted to convince Scout do give her up so he could be there to pick her up. \"Just because Pan left you in charge, Rufio, that doesn't mean you can tell me what to do.\" \"You're still sore he didn't give you his sword, aren't you?\" this was true, wholly, and it was Rufio's best offensive. Scout had been convinced Pan would leave him in charge. It broke the guy when he chose Rufio instead. \"Oh come off it, Rufio! That happened nearly thirty years ago.\" \"And now that Pan's back you think he'll give it to you this time?\" now the wheels started turning. \"That's why you want Lydia isn't it?\" \"What?\" Scout's utter confusion was understandable. Rufio wasn't sure if this was true, he didn't think Scout could be that heartless, but it made sense. Scout was the camp's tracker for a reason, he was smart and deceptive. And he would be left in charge without having to worry about Lydia sticking around. It was the perfect plan. \"You think if you get in sweet with his daughter Pan will leave the sword to you.\" \"That's bullshit, Rufio!\" \"Well, if you want the sword so badly, Scout.\" Rufio pulled the sword out and held it out to his friend, handle first, \"Take it.\" Scout's eyes were wide, his body rigid. Rufio tensed as the other boy put his hand out. Rufio would have to fight him off, it would be his right to defend his leadership. He just never realized how much Scout wanted it. So badly, it seemed, to want to use Lydia to get it. Rufio was shocked at how cruel his friend was being, after a hundred and fifty years this was unheard of. His heart broke for Lydia, who had no idea how terribly she was being treated. Scout hesitated, and Rufio dared to believe he'd been wrong, but then the boy stepped forward and Rufio resisted the urge to step back. \"Alex?\" That was a name Rufio hadn't heard for years. Lydia stood behind Rufio, her teary eyes fixed on Scout. Rufio wasn't sure how much she'd heard, but judging by her face she'd heard enough to really hate Alex right now. A/N: Oooooh, cliffhanger! I am so mean, aren't I? Fear not lovely readers an update is due soon soon, no telling how soon though but that's all part of the fun![Chapter 7] Disclaimer: I don't own anything except my OC's Enjoy! VII. Lydia heard Rufio accuse Scout of using her to become leader once they left. She heard Scout try and deny it. But it made sense. It was proven to her when she saw Scout reach out for the sword he seemed desperate to have. Lydia nearly burst into tears, her eyes unable to blink fast enough to keep them all back. This couldn't be happening. Just as he was about to take the sword, Lydia stepped out of her hiding place. No way was she going to let him have what he wanted. When she said his name, his real name, she was surprised at how quiet and young her voice sounded. And hurt. Very, very hurt. Scout stared at her in shock, Rufio looked like he wanted to cry for her. Lydia couldn't speak past the dry lump in her throat. Turning she ran away from them both. She felt a hand clamp around her arm, Scout saying her name, and she turned and swung at him, slapping him across the face. Lydia ran until she really had no idea where she was. In the day she'd been here she'd become quite accustomed to the layout, but now she was lost. There was a lagoon in front of her, cliffs behind her and the hanging tree could be seen just beyond the lagoon. Lydia approached the water, taking in the beauty of the little waterfalls and rock pools and all manner of other pretty things. Lydia sat down on a rock and pulled her knees up to her chest, wrapping her arms around her legs in a tight ball. She didn't cry, she refused to cry. Scout was a lying ass, so she wasn't going to give him the satisfaction of her tears. But she was so badly hurt. He seemed so sincere when they had been talking and laughing with each other, how could he have been lying so convincingly? How could a kid, a lost boy, be so cruel? He was no better than the pirates that held her siblings captive. At least the pirates were openly evil, Scout had managed to play her for a fool. \"Hey!\" Lydia let out a cry as the voice broke through her thoughts. Looking around frantically she attempted to search everywhere at once. It was a girl's voice that had spoken, and as far as Lydia knew she was the only girl on the island. Hang on… Lydia directed her gaze to the water where, in the shadow created by a rock formation, she could just make out a head. \"Hello?\" she kept her voice quiet, in case there were more. She remembered the mermaids' part in Wendy's stories. They had tried to drown her out of jealousy because Peter liked her. They didn't like other girls getting his attention. But there had been that one that saved her yesterday. Maybe this was her. The head dipped under the water and before long the ripples in the water disappeared and all was once again still. \"Well, so much for that, then.\" But the mermaid appeared again, leaping out of the water and pulling herself up to sit on the rock next to Lydia, making the girl jump a mile again. \"Hi there!\" she seemed bubbly enough, no pun intended, maybe she didn't like to drown people in her spare time. \"Hi.\" Lydia couldn't have appeared more suspicious if she held up a sign saying, I am waiting for you to just try something biatch! When the mermaid had settled Lydia moved a little further away, making the creature grin. \"What, afraid I'll drown you?\" she let a tinkling laugh and grabbed her hair, starting to braid it absentmindedly. \"That 's really nice considering I saved you not too long ago. Or did you get water on the brain and forget that?\" \"It is you!\" Lydia smiled as she saw the slight red hue of the mermaid's hair under the moonlight. It was almost black in the dark, no wonder she didn't recognise her. \"Well, finally it all clicks into place!\" another laugh like bells and Lydia couldn't help but giggle too. The mermaid held out her hand and Lydia shook it, \"I'm Sonya.\" \"Lydia.\" \"I know, Peter's daughter. Oh, I was saying to the girls not long ago how I knew one day Peter would come back, even if it was just to visit us, and here he is! Although I didn't expect him to bring his family with, not that we knew he even had a family.\" \"Well if it makes you feel any better, I didn't really know Peter Pan was my dad, so we're kinda even on that note.\" That laugh was kind of starting to get annoying. \"If you don't mind my asking, Sonya, why aren't you trying drag me to the bottom of the sea and scratch my eyes out and what not? Not that I'm not grateful, but I am curious too.\" The laugh had turned to a guffaw, \"Oh, that was before when Peter was still part of Neverland. You see, we mermaids knew there would one day be a change in Peter's life that would affect all of us, and not in a good way. When we realized it could be Wendy, well, we were afraid for all of us. So we tried to stop it.\" \"Afraid? Of what?\" what was this girl on about? \"Not to worry, it's not my place to say.\" Lydia wanted to press the matter, her curiosity positively burning, but the mermaid had started to sing so she let her be. Instead Lydia looked around what she now knew to be Mermaid Lagoon. It wasn't as beautiful and mystical as Wendy had made it out to be, even in the dark of night. Actually come to think of it, it looked like the place had been assaulted by… \"Sonya?\" the mermaid let out a mumble of a reply. \"What happened here?\" \"Hook happened, darling.\" \"You mean he-?\" \"Yep. Not long after we realized Peter wasn't coming Hook decided Mermaid Lagoon was a little too… cheery. So he sailed as close as he could get and boom!\" she snapped her fingers on the last word, making Lydia cringe. \"That bastard!\" \"Oof, I should wash your foul mouth out!\" she giggled. How could she joke at a time like this? \"Why aren't you upset?\" \"I was, but it was a long time ago, plus if you think about it all of Neverland has suffered equally. He'll get his comeuppance one day.\" Lydia nodded, hoping that that day was sooner rather than later. \"Not to intrude on your little moment of silent contemplation, but what are you doing out here all alone anyway?\" Lydia's face fell. Sonya had actually managed to distract her from the reason she was out here. \"No reason, just needed a little time to myself that's all.\" \"Scout, huh?\" Lydia looked at her in shock. The mermaid just shrugged one shoulder. \"We merfolk know everything darling.\" \"Well, if you know everything you can tell me if it's true!\" \"We know everything that happens on the island, Lydia. We don't know what's in people's hearts.\" \"Big help, that is.\" \"Sorry. But I will tell you this: what Rufio said really did happen all those years ago.\" \"Then how do I know if Alex really is as bad as all that?\" \"Ask him.\" \"How do I know he'll be honest?\" \"Trust him to be, and he will.\" \"Lydie?\" Lydia let out a long sigh of annoyance. Even when she got lost she still couldn't get away from them. \"I don't want to talk to anyone right now, Rufio.\" Sonya pattered Lydia's hand and slid off the rock. Looking back she saluted Lydia and said cheerfully, \"It was positively scrumptious bonding with you, daughter of Pan!\" And she disappeared. Meanwhile Rufio had walked up to the rock Lydia was sitting on, not even noticing the former presence of the mermaid. \"Okay, then I won't talk. But it's not really safe for you to be out here alone.\" \"Oh, right. Well I wasn't alone so you can stop worrying.\" He sat down next to her and was silent. Lydia admired his willingness to be quiet just because she said to, but she knew he desperately wanted to get her to talk to him. Plus, Rufio was Scout's friend, maybe he could help her understand just what the hell was going through his head. \"Was that true?\" Rufio sighed, \"Scout's my best friend, but even I don't know what is true with him right now.\" \"You don't trust his word?\" \"I trust him with my life. But you didn't see him that day.\" She knew he was referring to the day her dad left to be with her mom, handing his sword down to someone to look after, \"It was like Pan betrayed him. For months he was like a shadow of his old self.\" \"So you're saying he was just using me?\" the thought made her chest constrict painfully. \"I don't know. Maybe you should just talk to him?\" \"Oh, what so he can lie to me some more?\" \"Scout's not a bad guy, he just gets a little lost sometimes.\" Lydia didn't know what the hell she was supposed to do. She wanted to talk to Scout, but she was afraid if she did, then she might just be tempted to ram his face into a wall and that wouldn't solve anything. \"I could have handled a thousand lost girls. But boys?\" Rufio laughed and put his arm around her. Lydia was suddenly a lot less upset with the world just then. Apparently unlike Scout, Rufio had nothing to gain by being her friend so she didn't question his sincerity. \"Where's my dad, by the way?\" \"Licking his wounds.\" \"You guys are going to kill him.\" He chuckled and Lydia leaned a little closer, \"You know I haven't had a chance to thank you guys yet, for what you're all doing for him.\" \"You don't have to thank us, Lydia. It's no big deal.\" \"It is though.\" She moved so that she facing him, to make him see how much she meant what she was saying, \"Do you know when the last time was I saw my dad laugh, or even smile?\" She had to speak past a lump in her throat now, \"I have spent five years just waiting for my dad to come back, you all brought him back to me. It is a huge deal, to me. He doesn't play, he doesn't call people lewd, crude… whatever else it was.\" \"Bag of pre-chewed food dude?\" \"Yeah that.\" Lydia smiled at him then, \"So thank you. I mean it.\" She didn't expect him to kiss her. Was this what friends did? Maybe Rufio didn't see her as a friend after all. He was a great guy, caring and funny, and he was a really good kisser. But his lips weren't the ones she wanted to be kissing. Before this got out of hand, Lydia pulled away, \"Rufio, I-\" \"No, don't worry, I shouldn't have done that.\" \"It's not that, it's just…\" her mouth hung open with absolutely nothing to say. What was it? Rufio put his hand on the back of her neck, \"Go talk to him. Find out how much of his deal was real. I truly hope for your sake it's not true.\" \"Why you say that?\" Rufio smirked and Lydia could feel herself blush. \"I may be a lewd, crude skunkhead with pretty hair. But I know a crush when I see it.\" \"Hey now, let's not get ahead of ourselves.\" Way to be convincing Lydia. \"Can you show me the way back?\" It didn't take long for Lydia to find Scout. He was in his tree house that Rufio had shown her the way to, with his head in his hands. Lydia walked in and knelt in front of him, holding her hand up to shush him before he said a word. \"I'm not interested in hearing your pleas for forgiveness, okay? Just don't insult me by lying to me anymore. I won't be around much longer, so you owe me that at least. Tell me the truth, was it all just a way for you to get my dad's sword?\" \"That idea did occur to me.\" Lydia went cold. As she was about to get up, Scout continued, \"I thought I was over your dad's decision to leave Rufio in charge. But when I heard he was back, I realized this was my chance to get what I thought I deserved, and that despicable jealousy came back, burning every time Rufio pulled out the Pan sword. And then you showed up before your dad did, and I realized there was more to life than a stupid sword. Something more for me to care about, or someone should I say?\" Did Lydia really have an answer for that? She shouldn't have answered, but being the inept fool she was, she still thought of something, \"I will seriously drop kick you if you are lying to me.\" Scout just shook his head at her. He wasn't smiling, but his eyes had a light in them that Lydia hadn't noticed before, especially since his hat was lying on the floor next to his mattress. Scout leaned back onto one elbow, looking for all the world like they were discussing whether the sky was blue. \"Tell me if you don't believe me.\" Lydia considered doing just that, just to see his reaction, but she knew he'd see right through her. She did believe him, and she did forgive him. \"Stop grinning like an idiot and kiss me already will you?!\" Scout took hold of her face and brought his lips to hers. These were the lips she wanted to kiss, had wanted to kiss since she was dropped on her face by a giant shell and he had been there to see it. Scout's lips were so soft and sweet and intoxicating and she couldn't get enough. Lydia pulled herself closer, leaning further down to get as much of him as she could. Finally her fingers could thread through those thick dark curls like they had wanted to, while Scout's arms wrapped around her waist and pulled her till she was on top of him. She nearly let out a groan when he pulled away, but she was not that pathetic. Scout grinned and cupped her face in his hands, \"You're going to be the death of me, Princess.\" \"But then at least you'll die happy.\" So romantic was that comment. Lydia smiled and kissed him again, just for a moment, before pushing herself up and moving to the door. But Scout's hand wrapped around her wrist before she'd gotten even a foot away. \"Um, where do you think you're going?\" \"There are only a few hours before the sun rises, Scout. I'm tired.\" \"So where do you think you're going?\" \"To sleep, you fool.\" \"Not unless it's here you're not.\" He pulled on her wrist, but Lydia wasn't giving up her willpower that easily. \"Are you telling me what to do?\" \"You got it, peach.\" Lydia let out a laugh as Scout pulled her down, nearly dislocating her shoulder, and moved so that she was curled up against him, barely even air being able to fit between them. Lydia breathed in his scent and let her eyes close, relishing in the feel of his arms wrapped around her. \"Goodnight, Scout.\" \"The name's Alex.\" \"Yes, sir.\" He kissed her forehead as her eyes closed. \"Night, Lydia.\" I love you.[Chapter 8] Disclaimer: I own nothing you recognise, just my OC's Enjoy lovely people :-) VIII. \"I don't care if it was the last stitch of clothing on the face of the earth, I am not wearing that!\" Rufio grinned whilst the other boys laughed, donning their pirate disguises. When Rufio and Alex had revealed her attire for the day, Lydia nearly threw up. They were all dressed as pirates, hats, eye patches and ridiculously long coats almost passed them off as real seamen. But Lydia was apparently going as something else entirely. \"Why can't I be pirate, too?\" she sounded like a whiny brat who just got told there would be no Jimmy Choo shoes for Christmas. \"Because we ran out of clothes.\" \"Don't BS me! This is not fair.\" \"Look, Princess, if you wanna go with your dad, you have to wear it. Come on do you really think those rat bags aren't going to notice a girl dressed as a pirate strolling through their town?\" \"Do you think they won't notice seven foot pirates with bent backs and heads sticking out of their stomachs?\" \"Hey! We're working on it.\" Don't Ask was so busy defending his idea he forgot to hold Too Small on his shoulders, dropping the poor boy on his back. Rufio rolled his eyes and said, \"Fine. Well I guess you can just wait here, Lydia. We'll be back in a few hours.\" He shouted for the boys to get going, Lydia nearly jumped on him from behind. \"Wait!\" she stepped up to him and ripped the fabric from his hand, \"Give me that.\" Lydia ran to a hut that was the best concealed and unbuttoned her checkered shirt, thankful she had decided to wear a white tank top underneath. Lacing the dress up was probably the most difficult thing she had ever done. Stumbling out the hut, Lydia was still trying to do up the last few laces of the bodice. \"Having fun?\" Alex looked far too smug for Lydia's liking. \"Never did I want to burn something so badly!\" \"Hey come on, it's not that bad.\" Lydia whirled around to face him with a glare, \"Have you ever worn a dress like this before?\" He looked thoughtful for a minute, and Lydia wanted laugh despite her frustration, \"No.\" \"Ever fastened one up?\" \"I've unfastened a few.\" \" What ?!\" her hands froze in mid-tie. \"I'm kidding, relax. No, I can't say I've have ever had the privilege of lacing a dress up like that.\" \"Well then shut up.\" Lydia gave a pull and then raised her hands in the air, \"Ha! Victory is mine.\" She looked down at the dress and cringed. It was a typical 18th century gown, jet black silk that shimmered in the sun revoltingly. There was a section in front where you would see her legs had black lace over it and there was a lace trim around the neckline and cuffs. \"Took you long enough, can we go now?\" Lydia gave him a withering glare and punched him on the arm, \"Bite me.\" \"Seriously why would I bite you, that's weird.\" \"I look like an idiot!\" \"So do all the other floozies down in Hook's territory. You'll fit in like a glove.\" \"You know shockingly, that doesn't make me feel better.\" \"Will you two hurry up?! We're going to miss the game.\" Rufio shamelessly eyed Lydia as he caught sight of her standing there, making her scowl. Peter stood in his disguise near the entrance to the camp and when he saw what his daughter looked like, he visibly reddened. \"Lydia? What are you-\" \"Say one word dad, and I will never speak to you again!\" Peter snapped his mouth shut and everyone started making their way to the baseball game. Now that Lydia wasn't constantly keeping a watch for pirates that could send her back to Hook's ship, confident that her risqué attire would keep her from being noticed too much, she got a chance to actually take in the town as the group moved towards the baseball game, and the people in it. On more than one occasion Lydia felt eyes on her and would turn to see a pirate looking her up and down. Lydia bristled, thinking that the first man to talk to her about whatever he was thinking was going to get a sword shoved up his- \"Lydia!\" She turned her attention back to the group she was following and saw that they had arrived at the ball field. Pirates were chanting Jack's name and Lydia stood with the rest of the boys, watching as her dad climbed up the back of the stands to where Hook was sitting with a harlot. Lydia felt her hands clench into fists. This was it, maybe now finally her dad would realize who he was. It was a long shot, not much suggested that a glorified fishing tool could release one's inner Pan but hey, Neverland was a long shot too and bang went that theory. Lydia crept closer to an open spot on the stands, wanting to see her little brother finally hit the winning ball. She knew he could do it, he was an excellent ball player. He'd only messed up that day because a certain someone had been absent. Lydia still couldn't see so she lifted herself up to sit on a bench, having a perfect view of the game, just as a fielder caught stealing seconds was shot. The pirate next to her looked a little shocked to see a woman not sitting with Hook, but he didn't complain. Instead he smiled and said cheerfully, \"Hello there, madam.\" Lydia shot him an acidic glare and said coldly, \"Don't even think about it, stinker. And if you wanna keep those hands I suggest you not put them anywhere near me.\" Jack stepped up to the plate and held his bat ready, looking confident and ready. It made Lydia smile to think that in the midst of possibly the scariest thing he will ever go through, Jack was having fun. Lydia looked up as she heard three very troubling words. \"Run home, Jack!\" Jack looked like he just woken from a dream, maybe remembering his home, his family, but he was snapped out of it by Hook's order to change the words around to read the real chant. \"Home run Jack!\" Jack sent that ball sailing into the air far beyond the borders of this town, and Lydia let out a shriek of joy. The pirates all erupted into celebrations as Jack got his Home Run, Peter cheering with the rest until Hook shouted something that seemed to pull all the light out of her dad's world. Lydia watched as her dad fled with a look of despair on his face. Watching Hook treat Jack like he was his son must have broken something in him. Thud stepped forward and picked up the hat Peter had dropped. Lydia's eyes stung as the boy threw the hat back down, letting out a sob. By now her dad had left the town and was making his way to the woods. There was nothing for them to do but go back to camp. Lydia took Too Small and Pockets's hands, following Rufio as they snuck away from the pirate gathering. Lydia didn't want to believe that her dad had given up, but judging by the looks on the boys' faces as he ran away, they seemed to think he had. She expected Rufio to be his superior self because it was proven that he was right, but he looked as defeated as everyone else. \"Lydia!\" The pirate that had called her was suddenly swarmed by the lost boys. Lydia stepped in their way and shouted for them to stop, holding out her hands to them. \"Lydia what are you doing, that's a pirate!\" Alex looked about ready to rip the pirate's face off. \"I can see that, Alex, thank you. Look he helped me escape from the ship yesterday, he's a good guy.\" \"There's no such thing as a good pirate. That's why they're pirates!\" Rufio pointed his sword at the man. \"Relax, Rufio. If he tries to kill me you can have the pleasure of saying I told you so.\" Lydia ignored his answer and turned back to the pirate. \"Hi, pirate guy from yesterday.\" \"My name is Jasper.\" \"Charmed. Look, what are you doing here? If Hook catches you-\" \"I'll be a lot better off than if he catches you.\" \"Don't interrupt me!\" Lydia folded her arms, \"What is Hook doing to Jack. Why does my brother think he is his father?\" \"Because Hook is brainwashing him. He's managed to convince your brother that your dad doesn't care about him and is only here to save your sister.\" \"That asshole!\" The mention of Mags made Lydia pause. Where was her sister? She hadn't been at the ball game. \"Lydia, we have to go, the pirates will be returning soon.\" Scout put his hand on her shoulder from behind. Lydia turned back to Jasper, \"Where is my sister, Jasper?\" she was suddenly a bit short of breath. Jasper sighed, \"Maggie wouldn't believe anything Hook was trying to tell her. She's in Gutless's house.\" Lydia had no idea who this Gutless guy was, but he sounded like a freak. \"Take me to her.\" \"Lydia, you can't trust this guy. We need to go!\" She whirled on Rufio and pointed at him, \"That is my sister back there, you get that?! I am not leaving until I know she's okay.\" Jasper's voice brought their attention back to him, \"I can't Lydia, it's not safe for any of you. There'll be guards.\" \"Jasper, please.\" Her eyes filled with tears at thought of having to leave her sister behind. \"Please.\" Jasper rubbed a hand over his face and took her arm, leading her away from the boys. \"Lydia!\" Alex's shout made her turn. \"Alex you can't stop me.\" But she didn't shout at him now. She was just desperate now to get to Mags. \"I'm not going to stop you, I'm coming with you.\" \"Me too.\" Rufio turned to Thud and Don't Ask, \"Get everyone back to camp. If we're not back by nightfall, tell Peter what happened.\" Then the three followed the pirate to Gutless's house. Lydia stepped into the house, walking past the most ghastly furniture she had ever laid eyes on. This house should have been a brothel. \"Maggie?\" Lydia quickly ascended the stairs, with Alex close behind and Rufio staying downstairs to keep watch. \"Lydia?\" As the little girl came running towards her into the hallway, Lydia dropped to her knees on the floor. Maggie flung herself into her sister's arms, and Lydia wanted to weep for joy. \"Oh my God Maggie! I'm so glad you're safe.\" \"How did you find me?\" \"I had a little help.\" She looked up at Jasper and mouthed the words thank you to him. Lydia took Maggie's face in her hands and began turning it all ways. \"Let me see you, are you alright? Did they hurt you?\" \"No, I'm fine, Lydie. I'm just happy you found me. Where's daddy?\" Lydia faltered. What could she say that would be true? \"Don't worry, sweetie he's coming to get us soon.\" \"Lydia?\" Maggie gave her sister a once over before asking quietly, \"What are you wearing?\" Lydia laughed and stood, taking her sister's hand she looked to Alex. \"I'm taking her out of here.\" \"There's no time, Lydia.\" \"Alex.\" Her voice was rarely so genuinely threatening, \"Don't.\" Alex looked between them for a few more seconds and then nodded. \"Let's move it. I can hear the pirates coming.\" He was right. The ball field had clearly emptied and the scum were making their way back, singing, shouting and howling with laughter. \"Shit.\" Maggie covered her ears at her sister's foul language. Lydia pulled her sister down the stairs, Alex in front of her and Jasper behind. Three pirates and a woman walked in through the front door. Lydia figured one of them was Gutless. Alex reached out and picked Maggie up, keeping towards the back of the room so that he could get to the door. The pirates saw Rufio standing in front of them, Lydia and another lost boy holding their captive and a pirate on the stairs. They charged the two boys, the woman screamed and Lydia pulled out a sword as a fight broke out in the tiny house. Alex kicked one of the pirates to the ground as he made a grab for Maggie and Rufio cut his opponent down. Lydia took Maggie and held herself in front of her sister, so that Alex could fight, as the woman stepped in front of her, her dogface twisted in fury. \"Give her back to me!\" \"Lydia look out, that's Gutless.\" Maggie gripped Lydia's skirt as the woman advanced. Lydia smiled sweetly, \"Gutless, hi there. I'm Lydia.\" Gutless turned as one of the pirates were thrown onto her table, crushing it. Lydia didn't hesitate and swung, slugging the trollop in the nose. As the woman clutched her bleeding nose, screaming hysterically, Lydia made her way to the door at the same time as the other three men. Outside they walked calmly among the drunken pirates, seeming to blend in, but they only got a few yards before someone shouted, \"Stop them, they're trying to take Pan's brat!\" \"Run!\" Lydia ignored her skirt wrapping around her feet and dragged her sister away. She out a scream as the little hand was ripped from hers. She turned back and tried to go back to her sister who was being held up by a pirate, but arms wrapped around her waist and pulled her back. She fought Alex, but he was too strong. He put her down and grabbed her wrist, yanking her away as they sprinted out the town, the woods quickly concealing them. The whole time Lydia was taken away, she screamed her sister's name, promising her she would come back for her, tears streaming down her face. Reviews send me to my happy place![Chapter 9] Disclaimer: I don't own Peter Pan or his fabulous story, unfortunately. But Lydia... well she indeed belongs to me. Enjoy lovely people! IX. Once back at camp, Lydia collapsed into a pile on the ground, weeping hysterically. She was so close! If Alex hadn't… \"Why did you do that?!\" she screamed at him from her place on the ground. \"You would have gotten yourself killed.\" \"No, no I could have gotten her back. She was right there. I could have- I could have…\" \"Lydia listen.\" Alex's tone was stern as he bent down and took hold of her wrists, making her look at him, \"There was no way you would have made it out of there with her.\" He smoothed back her hair and gripped her face, \"I am so, so sorry Lydia. But there was nothing you could have done. You tried, that's what counts. She knows now that you won't t stop ill she's safe again.\" \"And what about Jack? He's forgotten who his real father even is. He probably thinks I've given up on him too.\" utter despair made Lydia break down in sobs again. Alex wrapped his arms around her and pulled her close to his chest. Lydia had never felt so lost and hopeless before. She wanted her dad! She looked up as the rest of the lost boys appeared, her fits obviously altering them to their return. A few asked what the matter was and Rufio sent them back to their huts, promising to fill them in later. Lydia didn't even care. All she could think of was the fear on her little sister's face as she was dragged back that skank's house. And her brother who probably didn't even want to be saved anymore. By the time Lydia ran out of tears, the boys had began preparing for tomorrow's battle, gathering weapons and armour that Lydia had never seen the likes of before. She didn't know why they bothered, Peter still hadn't returned. But then she realized that this place was their home, and they were going to fight to defend it with or without her dad. Alex helped her up and led her to his hut, mentioning sleep and Lydia could only nod. Truthfully she was exhausted, the failed rescue and her resulting tears having completely drained her. Once she was inside, she realized she was still wearing that revolting black gown. She began pulling at it blindly, \"I want this off, now . Get it off me!\" Alex took her hands, and said softly, \"Easy, Lydia. I go this.\" And he smirked as he pulled out a pocket knife. Despite her sullen mood, Lydia smiled, \"Aren't we resourceful?\" \"A lost boy is always prepared.\" \"For unfastening a dress?\" Alex chuckled and moved to cut the dress loose, but then he hesitated, unsure if she was okay with him doing it. Lydia shrugged, \"Go ahead, I'd probably end up cutting myself anyway.\" But she couldn't help the blush as she turned and moved her hair to hang over one shoulder to let him cut the ties at the back, or her pounding heart. She only thanked her stars she'd kept her clothes on underneath. She let out a breath as the dress loosened, not only because it was a tight dress, but because Alex removed the hand he had put on her waist when he started cutting the ties. As Lydia peeled the fabric off her body, she let out a moan of bliss. The material itched, pinched and squeezed her in ways she didn't care to remember and her skin tingled in the dress's sudden absence. She looked at Alex and her lips tugged up at the red that covered his cheeks as well, \"Thank you.\" \"No problem.\" \"You're going to stay here, right? Until I fall asleep.\" \"Of course, Lydia. I had planned on it.\" She smiled as he moved next to her and she curled up against him, putting her head on his chest and wrapping her arms around him. As he had done last night, Alex kissed her head just as she fell asleep. All too soon though Lydia was being shaken awake, shouts and cheering assaulting her ears. \"Lydia, wake up, hun.\" She missed what Alex called her in her half sleeping daze. \"Where's the fire?\" \"Your dad's back. And he's flying!\" As Lydia followed Alex to the basketball court, she searched the sky frantically for her dad. She found him dribbling a ball as if he was ten years old again, leaping up and hovering as he dunked the ball in the hoop. The sight of him being so happy made her spitting mad. Alex took her hand and she realized they were clenched into fists. \"Go easy on him, Lydia. He doesn't know.\" That made her anger mostly dissipate. It was true, her dad didn't know what had happened to his daughter, her sister, and he had clearly left determined to save them. And it had worked. Now she was just sad he hadn't been able to help her sooner. Her dad caught sight of her then. The boys parted as he walked towards her, his smile only faltering a little in confusion at her expression. Lydia looked into his eyes and saw the boy that hid there, and she hated herself for what she had to tell him. \"I saw Maggie.\" Her voice was hoarse and quiet, barely a whisper, \"She asked me was where you were.\" Her dad's eyes widened in sadness. Tears trickled down Lydia's cheeks. He stepped forward and took hold of her cheek in one hand while his other wiped her tears away. \"Lydia, I promise you. I will not rest until we are all safe at home again, you have the word of Peter Pan.\" \"I don't want a promise from him. I want one from Peter Banning. My dad.\" \"Oh, sweetheart.\" He wrapped his arms around his daughter and held her while she wept, \"I'm so sorry, Lydia.\" \"I missed you, daddy.\" \"I know, honey. I'm back now, okay? I'm never leaving again.\" When they pulled apart, all heads turned to Rufio as he strode towards them, carrying the sword. Lydia watched as he knelt before her dad, holding the sword out. No way. Peter took it and drew a line in the ground, everyone immediately gathered behind him. Rufio smiled as he stood, \"You can fly, you can fight and you can-\" Lydia jumped as her dad let out the most unnatural sound ever! So that's what a crow was. Then all the boys started crowing and dancing around in celebration of their returned leader. Lydia couldn't have been happier as she watched Peter play with the kids, the smile never leaving his face. But when she spotted Alex a few feet away, she realized there was one thing still missing. She let a grin spread over her face as she threw her arms around his neck and kissed him with all the joy that surrounded them. A few boys gagged, others made lewd remarks, but Lydia ignored them. All she could focus on was the boy she was kissing happily. She laughed as she pulled away. Alex smiled at her and said in a very deep voice, \"So, Lydia Banning, let's play.\" \"Lead the way, Alessandro.\" She laughed hysterically at the look he shot her, \"Sorry, I couldn't help myself!\" \"You are a piece of work, Lydia.\" \"But you love me anyway.\" He stepped forward and took her by the waist, pulling her closer so that their foreheads were touching, \"Yes, Lydia. I do love you.\" She didn't have to hesitate, her heart wanted to burst, \"I love you too.\" They had celebrated long into the night, with a huge feast of real food being prepared and music and games being played until all the boys basically dropped into their beds. Lydia yawned for the seventh time in about fifteen minutes, her hand drawing nonsense patterns on Alex's chest, listening to him humming some of the songs the boys had played. Lydia was amazed that they could produce such beautiful music from drums and flutes and some other instruments and she had danced till her feet wanted to fall off. Her body was still thrumming with the rhythms that had echoed into the night, the whole of Neverland no doubt hearing it. She hoped the pirates had heard them, it meant they were in for a beating the next day. \"Lydia?\" \"Mm hmm?\" Lydia opened her eyes, not realizing that they had closed at all. \"Don't go tomorrow.\" \"Why not?\"she sat up and looked down at him, leaning on one hand. \"Because I don't want you to get hurt.\" \"Oh,\" she sounded as if he had just told her she had two eyes, \"Then I don't want you going either.\" \"Lydia…\" \"Why do you get to be only one who can forbid the other from fighting?\" \"Lydia, don't be like that.\" \"Well I'm sorry, Alex but there is no way I'm sitting here like an idiot while the people I love go off and do battle.\" Alex sat up and took hold of her shoulders, his eyes desperate for her to understand, \"This is not a game, Lydia, they will kill you the second they see an opportunity.\" \"All the more reason for me to go.\" She put her hands over his, \"This is as much my fight as it is yours. You have a family to protect as well as I do. Not just my dad and Jack and Maggie, but Pockets, Too Small, Thud. I will go crazy waiting for you all to return. I can't stay away, I won't.\" \"But you're not like any of them, you don't have decades of fighting pirates to fall back on.\" \"I know.\" She sighed and spoke truthfully, \"Look it's not that I'm not afraid of what's coming, I am. I'm terrified that I'll screw up and someone will get hurt because of me, or I'll misjudge something and next thing I'm dead on the deck. But I'm more afraid of not being there, not being able to help. If the lost boys are to fight to defend their home, then let me be there to help that happen.\" Lydia looked into his eyes then, feeling the intensity of her determination, \"Hook tried to take everything I love away from me. I want to be there to watch my dad kick his ass.\" Alex gazed her for a long time, his silence and stoic expression making her think he was contemplating tying her up in her sleep. But then he nodded, still not looking happy. \"On one condition.\" She gave him a sly grin, \"And that is?\" \"That the moment I tell you to, you get the hell out of there. If it gets too dangerous I at least want to know you're safe. And take Pockets and Too Small with you.\" \"You got it peach.\" He smiled at her and cupped her cheek in his hand, bringing his lips to hers in a quick kiss before pulling her back down to the mattress. After a few moments of silence, Lydia remembered there was something she had wanted to ask for some time, and she didn't think she'd get the chance again. \"What was Wendy like, Alex?\" He didn't answer straight away, Lydia figured he was remembering everything so that he could tell her. \"She was an impeccably brought up young lady, not like you of course.\" \"Bite me.\" \"When Wendy came to Neverland, there were only about twelve of us lost boys, myself and Rufio, Thud and Ace and a few others. And Tootles of course.\" \"Is it true what Tootles did, did he really shoot Wendy out the sky with an arrow?\" \"As true as we're breathing. He nearly paid the ultimate price for it too.\" \"Ouch.\" \"Yep, but Wendy was a real sweetheart, she was kind, considerate, gentle.\" \"Not like me.\" \"Nope, and when Peter was around her, it was like nothing could ever be bad in his world.\" Alex sighed, and Lydia knew there was no happy ending here, \"When she left, something in him changed. He didn't play games anymore, he rarely even picked fights with the pirates. All he would think about was the time when he could visit Wendy. You see, when one of us stays in your world for too long, we age. But faster than normal, it's like the extra years we've had alive are just waiting to make our bodies age the way they're supposed to.\" Lydia had sat up again and was gazing at Alex while he spoke, hanging on his every word. \"When Peter came back from visiting Wendy the last time, he'd aged nearly two years in the week he'd been gone. That's when Rufio and I decided to take matters into our own hands. We made Tinkerbelle promise not to let Peter leave Neverland again, for fear he'd die of old age without having chosen his successor. \" \"Why is this successor thing such a big deal?\" she was curious about it now, not angry. \"Because without someone to rule with Pan's sword, Neverland would slowly die, and so would everyone in it.\" \"Oh, just that.\" \"Yeah, bleak I know.\" \"That must have been what Sonya meant when she said the mermaids were afraid of Peter being changed. It's why they hated Wendy so.\" Alex nodded, \"The mermaids are very, very protective of their world. But Peter was so depressed without his Wendy that Neverland started dying anyway. With no choices left, we let him leave again, to say goodbye to Wendy, we all knew she'd die eventually so he'd have had to do it sooner or later, but when he came back the old Peter was gone.\" \"He'd met my mom.\" \"Yes, he said that Wendy was a grandmother and he was in love with her granddaughter, and that he was leaving for good.\" \"But he hasn't aged faster than normal?\" \"When he left his sword to Rufio he severed all his ties to Neverland, and the magic left him. That's why it took him so long to remember who he was.\" \"What do you mean 'ties'?\" \"They're like tethers between Neverland and your world, and between others as well. Things that stay in a place even when you leave, that keep the magic with you. It's like a piece of your soul stays behind, so that you have to return. Neverland doesn't like letting go of its innocents. And if you don't return, it takes its toll on you.\" \"And Peter's was his sword?\" \"Sort of. The sword was his tie, but it was more what the sword represented, Peter was Neverland and Neverland was Peter. The sword was merely a manifestation of that power. But when he met your mother, a new tether formed, one that wasn't in Neverland, and leaving the sword to Rufio made the other tie unbreakable. And then he could leave for good.\" \"What would my tie be?\" \"I don't know. Your mother perhaps? Your family?\" \"I guess.\" No doubt Lydia loved her family more than anything, but to tether her to a world so that she'd be forced to return or 'face the consequences' because of that love? It seemed unlikely. \"So what did your dad want to talk to you about earlier?\" Lydia went cold, her veins suddenly pumping ice, in horror. \"Oh God, don't speak of it!\" \"Why? What did he say?\" Lydia thought back on said conversation, and it was even more horrific playing back her head with the person it pertained to lying right next to her. \"Argh! He tried to give me The Talk.\" She buried her face in her hands and groaned again at the humiliation. \"The what?\" \"The talk, you know? The big talk parents usually have with their kids when they reach a certain age?\" \"About what?\" Lydia stared at Alex in utter bewilderment. How could he not know what she was talking about?! Remembering that he came from an era where that sort of thing was unheard of and he had little contact with kids from her era made her realize that he genuinely didn't know what she was on about. Relief flooded through her as she realized she might not have to relay it to him after all. She just had to think of a cover up. \"About us having to leave so I shouldn't get attached to anyone.\" \"Bit late for that isn't?\" \"Yeah, I'd say so.\" Lydia let out a long sigh, \"I'm really going to miss Too Small and Pockets.\" Alex was silent for a long time, Lydia trying desperately hard to keep her giggles back. \"I hate you.\" When Lydia laughed then, it made her whole body shake with the effort. Why did he always manage to do that?! With a few words he could make her completely lose control of whatever emotions she was trying to keep hold of. It made her want to cry. \"Alex?\" the laughter had gone from her voice and she felt him shift slightly at her change in mood. \"Yeah?\" \"What's going to happen after tomorrow?\" His sigh echoed through her, indicating that he had more of an idea than she did. \"I don't know. We'll just have to wait and see.\" \"I couldn't stay could I?\" \"Maybe, if you could find something here to tie yourself to.\" \"Like what?\" why did it sound like some magical spell had to be cast just for her to stay in Neverland, with some freakish ceremony with the thing she tied herself to? \"I dunno. Maybe Pockets and Too Small can oblige you.\" \"Shut up.\" \"Do you want to stay though? That's the thing you have to be able to answer more than what would keep you here.\" Lydia couldn't answer him straight away. In her irrationality to want to be with him literally forever, she hadn't thought about whether she was willing to give up her life back home for good. Her mom, dad, Jack, Maggie, Wendy, Elijah who was more like a brother than a friend. I truth she had to compare what she was leaving behind in both worlds. There was a big comparison too. Back home she'd be giving up her chance to grow up and experience the world, make mistakes and get lost and have her car breakdown in the middle of nowhere. And she'd give up her family, the ones who'd be there when she was being a stupid teenager. Here she'd have to say goodbye to people she loved more than anything in both worlds. She had her brother and sister, but there was a whole other family here that she needed, so badly. And there was the timeless scenario of leaving behind her heart. Love had had plenty of time to find her, when she had grown up and was ready to care about someone else without having to sacrifice anything in return except her independence. But it had come now and it screwed everything up. Yesterday there was no question of her going home. She didn't belong here, she didn't want to stay. But now she couldn't think about leaving, it hurt too much. And so did the thought of staying. \"I am too young for this shit.\" \"Aren't we all?\" As Lydia fell asleep, her mental turmoil finally drawing out the last of her energy, she found herself thinking about the talk her dad had attempted earlier. How ironic that idea was now. It was about eleven at night, if the moons' positions were anything to go by, which they weren't, and some of the younger boys had already gone to bed, and Lydia was playing poker, or a form thereof, with a group of about five others when her dad found her. He let her finish her game and then took her a little into the forest, making idle chit chat that did nothing to assuage her suspicions. When she told him to spit it out, she could see how uneasy he was. \"I just wanted to ask you about Scout.\" If her dad had pockets in that green ensemble of his, she was sure his hands would be pushing holes through the bottom seams. \"What about him?\" \"Well, you know you two are getting quite… familiar.\" \"And?\" Lydia suddenly felt sick. \"And… I just want to make sure that you… you know, are being-\" \"Dad!\" she had to stop him before she threw up, \"Please don't even say it. Besides mom already had the talk with me when I turned thirteen, so it's sorted. I know exactly how everything works and I am not having this discussion with you, fifty feet from a camp full of boys no less!\" \"Trust me, I don't want to either. Just had to make sure.\" \"Well, you can relax. I have no intention of even doing that. I'm only fifteen for crying out loud!\" \"That's good to hear.\" \"Yes, it is. And trust me, if I was thinking of that, you would be the last person I told anyway.\" \"Oh.\" Her dad looked crestfallen, \"Why?\" \"Oh my God! Goodbye, dad.\" Lydia had all but sprinted back to camp, completely grossed out. What fresh hell was her dad thinking?! That she would be sleeping with one of these hooligans not two days after she met them…in a camp full of children …with raging hormones some of them… and no privacy… and, and, and. The list went on forever! Clearly her dad knew her favourite cookie, but he had no idea how to think like a normal father! Overprotective and jumping to conclusions, yes. But tactful? Ha! That would be the freaking day. Young Jack Hook stood on the deck of his new father's ship, watching the sunset. He could hear the celebrations of the Lost Boys in the distance and a small part of him wanted desperately to join them. But he had to grow up now, if not in body than in mind. For his was the son of the captain and as such was expected to act a certain way, there was no time for childish thoughts and desires anymore. Speaking of childish, where was his sister... what was her name? Jack remembered having two sisters, one older and one younger. He knew the older one was in the home he'd been taken from, so that he could escape the father that cared nothing for him, but the younger one was here in Neverland with him but he had no idea where she was exactly. The last Jack had seen of his sister, she'd been singing on the ship's deck, a song his mother used to sing too. Jack tried to conjure up a picture of his mother in his head, but all that appeared, no matter how hard he tried was... an empty space. It was the same feeling he got every time he tried to remember his other sister too, a big blank spot in his memory where she should have been. But when he had looked to the stands during the game and saw a young girl sitting watching him with a look of such pride and love, that space seemed to fill for a moment. It was impossible, though. His sister wasn't there, she was back in the other world, forgetting him as he was forgetting her. He just hoped their father would take better care of her than he had been for the last few years. Maybe losing a son would make him a better dad to the kids he'd have left. \"No matter\" he thought with a shake of his head. Tomorrow he was to become an official pirate of the Jolly Roger and the nightmare that was his previous life would be over. \"Penny for your thoughts, boy?\" Jack turned and saw one of the hands, Jasper if he was correct, walking towards him, halfheartedly mopping the wooden deck as went. There was something about that question that stirred something in Jack's memory. What was the answer..? \"Too expensive.\" the words just came out of nowhere, but it sounded so right to say them. \"You drive a hard bargain laddie. Come, what's on your mind?\" Jack let out a long sigh, thinking that if there was ever a chance for him to get rid of his troubles before his big day, then this was it. \"Just stuff. Things I keep trying to remember from my old life, but can't.\" \"Such as?\" Both boy and pirate had settled on the railing of the ship, Japser still clutching the handle of the mop. \"My family. I know I have two sisters, one of whom is here the other back home, but I just cannot remember them. I don't remember their names or their faces. It scares to think that they are forgetting me too.\" \"Well, there's one thing I can ease your worries about, lad. Your sisters haven't forgotten you.\" \"They haven't?\" \"Nay, the older one searches for you both as if her own life were in danger.\" Jack screwed his eyes shut trying to picture the older, a name... a face... anything! He felt a hand on his shoulder and Jasper said a name that echoed through his head. \"Lydia, boy.\" \"Lydia.\" Jack smiled as a flood of memories came to him. \"Penny for your thoughts, Jack?\" \"Too expensive.\" She folded her arms and leant against the frame on the other side, \"You know you're not supposed to start your brooding misunderstood phase for another three years. It's my turn now and you're stealing it from me.\" \"So this is you not brooding?\" \"Touché dweeb.\" \"Yes, lad. She came with your father to save you and your sister.\" Now Jack remembered the girl that had stood with his old father aboard the Jolly Roger, taunting Hook and trying to save them. She'd tried, more than their father had. She'd been willing to take his place and climb up the mast just to touch their fingers. Only to jump off the ship moments later without even a glance back at Jack and Maggie. \"She left us behind and escaped.\" Jack was angry now. \"No, Jack. She left so that she could help your dad realise his past and come back to save you.\" \"My new father said that Peter Pan would come to take me back to his home.\" \"And he will, with your sister, Jack. All four of you will go home.\" \"But do I want to go home, Jasper?\" Jack looked at Jasper then, who looked more than a little disappointed at Jack's reluctance to go home, \"Why are you telling me this? Why did you help my sister, you're a pirate.\" \"Not by choice, lad. And I helped your sister because she deserved it. Just as you deserve be saved.\" \"Jasper! Get over here, now!\" Jasper turned as Mr Smee bellowed at him from the entrance to the captain's quarters. \"Aye sir.\" before Jasper got up to leave, he put his hand on Jack's shoulder and said quietly, \"I can't tell you what to decide Jack, becuase ti seemed you have pretty good reason to doubt your real father. But make sure that what you decide to do is for your own good, not the good of the captain's. I know a young girl who'd be sorely hurt to learn her brother no longer cares to even remember her name.\" As Jasper apprached Smee, the round henchman smirked. Jasper had a feeling he knew what was coming. \"Jasper, little birdies have been talking and do you know what they said?\" \"Now, Smeebag, how many times do you have to be told that the voices aren't real, they can't hurt you.\" Smee glared at the pirate, not letting his jibes get in the way of his victory. He had always suspected Jasper's loyalties. After all he was only just old enough to be a pirate in the first place. Now Smee had proof. \"Apparently you tried to help one Miss Maggie escape today?\" \"All rumours and hear say I'm afraid, Smeebag.\" \"Indeed, it is not. I will enjoy watching you rot in the brig for this you traitor!\" And Jasper could only go quietly to his fate, consoling himself with the fact that tomorrow was the day this island got a change for the better. He missed his sisters, his sweetheart who had bid farewell with tears in her eyes. Aye, it was indeed time to go home.[Chapter 10] Author's Note: Hi everyone, just a heads up about when this story will be updated again. I am in the middle of my final exams for the semester and unfortunately I literally have no time to write anything substantial and post-worthy, so for now I must ask everyone to be patient. It's another 3 and a half weeks then I will be finished and my time will be devoted to writing. Hopefully you will still be there when I return! Big Big BIG thank you to everyone who has enjoyed this story so far and don't worry, this is not the end. Love you all! Nina ","Summary":" A/N: Hello everyone! So I watched Hook for the first time in YEARS a few days ago and a seed was pl"},{"Movie":"Hook","Title":"Secrets of the Neverland Heroes","Author":"Julia's.Fantasy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10685249","Passage":"[Chapter 1] CHAPTER 1 The Legend ... The story of Peter Pan, Wendy, and the lost boys is never forgotten. However, the last detail is left out; the legend is that a brave sword fighter will help Peter Pan get rid of Hook like he once did. The swords fighter isn't just anyone, it is a female who is just an ordinary person but doesn't realize how important and powerful they are, even though the character they portray has the same name as them, and looks like a replica of them. That lucky lady is Eve Sanders. The legend was created when Peter Pan left. The person who made the legend knew he wouldn't remember being Pan, and knew he'd come back one day. The person put the legend in, so people will know that Peter left and that he'd need help fighting Hook once again. No one but a few people knew that the story is true. The people that know that it's true are the people in Neverland and the people that were brought there to fight Hook to get rid of him, once and for all. No one knew that Peter Pan left Neverland to grow up because it was unexpected. Somehow, the creator of Peter Pan came up with an idea. The idea was that Peter left and fell in love with another girl, and Hook kidnaps his kids. That's where Eve, the legendary girl comes along, her goal being to help Pan fight Hook like he once did. People thought the boy that never wanted to grow up would never be an adult. People expect it to be fake, but it was indeed real. When he left, he left a certain boy named Rufio in charge. There weren't all boys, there are a few girls. There were only about three or four, besides Tinkerbell, the mermaids, and the pirate prostitutes. A few girls came way after Peter Pan left. Tinkerbell was heartbroken when Peter left and married Wendy's granddaughter, Moira. She was depressed, angry and confused about why Peter chose Wendy and Moira over the lost boys and her. New lost boys came and the original ones, Nibs, Slightly, the twins, curly, and Tootles all left and grew up. It took Tinkerbelle a long time to search for Peter, but she finally got the courage to go and find his whereabouts. She looked for days, weeks, months — years. She never gave up because Peter was out there somewhere, but he was closer than she thought. Peter Pan grew up forgetting that he was the boy that was supposed to never grow up because he left Neverland, and when someone leaves, they forget that they were a citizen of the imaginative land. He became Peter Banning, a lawyer too busy for his wife and kids. He is a very successful lawyer and is always competing with George Harrison, a lawyer that makes almost a million dollars a year. Moira Banning, the granddaughter of Wendy Darling married Peter after she met him the day after he kissed her. She was sleeping at the time. He didn't mean to see her. He went to take Wendy to Neverland again, but she older every time he visited every time since the time between Neverland and the real world is different. Wendy became too old and told him she had a granddaughter, Moira, who was sleeping on the bed. The same exact bed where Wendy grew up in. Peter Pan fell in love with Moira and gave her a real kiss. That's when he decided to leave Neverland and never go back. He forgot about it instantly. He went from being an immature boy full of adventure with a huge imagination to a grown man who didn't like the idea of 'fun', very much. Evelyn, who liked to be called Eve, knew Wendy very well. Her family lived next to the elderly woman, and she would always tell Eve and her brother Alex stories about Neverland. She also told them about the brave sword fighter that would one day come to help Peter Pan. The thing is, no one ever knew it would happen and that Eve is the legendary person. She was always into martial arts and swords, ever since she was a little girl. It was way before she heard of the story Peter Pan. She loved it so much that her parents enrolled her in fencing and martial arts when she was five or six. Now that Eve is fourteen, she goes to championships as much as she can. Eve is a great fighter, and she also hopes to continue fencing and martial arts in the future. She loves what she does, but she will soon realize that she needs it to save her family and help Peter Pan. She will also need her skills to help rid of Captain Hook and his villainhood to bestow peacefulness in Neverland.[Chapter 2] CHAPTER 2 Life At Home ... Divina sat on her bed, looking through her bedroom window. The sun was bright, showing the color of her chocolate brown eyes. She moved her dark hair to the side, rubbing her cheek. This morning, her father hit her. The man wasn't her real father, he adopted her. Her real parents died in a car crash when she was very little, or at least that's what her social worker told her. Don't get her started on her adoptive mother. The woman stands there and watches the abuse herself while calling Divina names. There are foster parents that love their children dearly, and then there are those who use their adopted children to get money from the state and use it for their own selfish needs; Divina is one of those children. Divina walked into the kitchen at eight in the morning. She had her pajamas on and yawned as she reached the kitchen. \"Good morning mom and dad,\" she faked a greeting. She hates her adoptive parents. \"Good morning,\" her father looked up from his newspaper. Divina sat down between them and poured herself a bowl of cereal. The three weren't aware that two boys were watching them from the top of the house. \"How was your sleep?\" Her mother finally spoke. \"It was good. How about yours?\" Divina was trying hard to not get hit again. \"It could have been better,\" her grumpy mother shrugged. She's never happy. What are we going to do today?\" She asked. Her father looked up. \"Are you going to ask us to get you those stupid shoes that you want?\" \"No, Papa, I just thought we were going out today. I overheard you say something to mom,\" she covered her mouth. Big mistake. \"You were listening to our conversation?\" Her mother turned to her. \"No, I just heard him say we were going out today.\" Her father glared at her. She really got him mad now. \"What did I tell you about listening to other people's conversations?\" \"That it's rude. I'm sorry, dad.\" He stood up. \"Don't be! You're always in everyone else's business!\" Now he was shouting. Divina had enough. She stood up. \"Why are you yelling at me? I just asked — \" She let out a scream as her father slapped her across the face, hard. The two boys that were watching widened their eyes and looked at each other. \"No wonder why Tink brought us here. This girl has had enough trouble,\" the brunette spoke. The two looked through the window to see Divina teary-eyed, holding her cheek. Her cheek was starting to get a bruise. Divina ran up to her room as her mother yelled, \"And stay there, you ungrateful child!\" Divina held her tears and looked down, unaware that from the rooftop, two small boys were watching her. \"Tink was right about one thing. She does get hit, a lot,\" the boy with dark hair and a long feather earring said to the boy beside him. \"Yeah, the way her dad slapped her,\" the other boy shook his head. This boy has blonde hair, but his outfit consists of nineteenth-century fashion. \"When do we bring her to, Rufio?\" \"Tink said soon.\" That is when the two boys left, mysteriously. No one saw them come or leave. Divina didn't want to live like this. She looked at her closet. She got angry. Her parents would abuse her, and then buy her things to make up for it. She has enough clothes and shoes to last her a lifetime. She was thinking of getting rid of a lot of it anyways. Half of the clothes and shoes weren't her style. She looked up when there was a knock at the door. \"Divina, it's your father,\" the man's voice was heard from the other side. \"May I come in?\" No, you can't you monster. I hate you. She knew that if she said that, she'd get hit harder than she did earlier. \"Yes, you may.\" Her father opened the door and came in. He walked over and sat next to her on her bed. \"I'm sorry for what I did at breakfast.\" Divina faked a smile. \"It's okay, daddy,\" she wished she could punch him in the face, but she held against it. The man frowned. \"No, it isn't. Your mother and I would like to take you to get those shoes you wanted. What were they called again?\" \"Sperry Topsiders.\" \"Yes, those preppy looking shoes.\" \"Okay, when will we go?\" \"After lunch.\" \"I'll be ready.\" Her fake father nodded, smiled and walked out of her room, leaving her all alone. \"You mean you and my fake mother,\" she spat to herself. She rolled her eyes and got up. It is eleven in the morning and she has been crying on her bed for three hours. She went into the bathroom, took a quick shower and walked out with a bathrobe tied around her, covering her. She looked into her closet, wondering what to wear. She checked the weather on her phone, 70 degrees. She sighed. It was summer and it was not as hot where she lived, but she wasn't complaining. She decided on a dark purple skater skirt. She slipped into it and decided on a white crop top. She put on a statement necklace and put on her black Doc Martens. She walked over to her makeup vanity and put on concealer to cover the bruises on her face. She then put on foundation, powder, mascara, and eyeliner. She brushed her long dark hair and put it in a high ponytail. She put on cupcake statement earrings to finish off her look. \"Divina, lunch is ready!\" Her mother hollered from downstairs. \"Coming, mother,\" she yelled, walking out of her room. \" I hate her so much. Her cooking sucks too. The girl sat down and looked at the sandwich in front of her. She started to eat it greedily. She didn't finish her breakfast because her father hit her, but she wasn't going to complain. She can't tell the social worker because her parents said if she did, she'd have a beating of a lifetime. \"Your father and I are taking you to get your shoes.\" \"I know, he told me.\" The girl's mother narrowed her eyes. \"Don't pull anything. If you do, I'll be the one hitting you. Got that?\" \"Yes, mommy,\" she wanted to slap her mom across the face, but she kept her cool and finished her sandwich. \"I'm going to get ready. Don't do anything stupid.\" \"I won't.\" Her mother smiled, for once. \"Good, you learn. I'm going upstairs quick. Stay here.\" Then her mother went upstairs and left Divina all by herself. \"It's a shame they don't burn witches anymore,\" Divina mumbled to herself and took a bite out of her sandwich. She knew the only reason why she decided against protesting is that her parents will change their minds about getting the shoes; the main reason is that she doesn't want to get hit again. She already has enough bruises on her face. That's where she usually gets hit, the face. Divina had the feeling that someone was watching her. She turned to the window and walked over to it, but saw nothing. She was right about one thing, she was being watched. But the boys were sneaky, so even if she wanted to know who was watching her, she wouldn't. Not now, at least. \"Divina, what are you doing?\" she whipped around and saw her father standing in the doorway. \"Oh, nothing, dad. I thought I saw something.\" \"Well, your mother will be ready soon. Get in the car.\" Divina put her bowl in the sink and washed it. She sped upstairs and got her cell phone, and headphones. She walked downstairs into the garage and went into the back seat of the car, and plugged in her headphones. She started listening to her music. She remembers the first day she met her parents. \"Come on, Divina!\" Her social worker, Louise, opened the car door. \"I don't want to.\" \"Divina, you're going to a family that will love and care for you!\" The girl sighed, \"Oh, alright. Fine.\" The two went up to the front door. Divina admired the house and the neighborhood. Her house was marble with a black roof. There were big windows in the middle and smaller ones surrounding them. Louise knocked on the door and a woman in her thirties answered. \"Hi!\" she said cheerfully. Divina could tell that the woman was faking it. The woman probably didn't want her here. But if she didn't want a child, then why did she sign up for one? The woman turned to the girl. \"You must be Divina.\" Divina stared at her. She doesn't like her. \"Divina, manners!\" Louise scolded and turned to the woman. \"I'm sorry, she can be cranky sometimes.\" \"Oh, it's okay. I understand,\" the lady smiled. She turned to Divina again. \"My name is Ruth.\" Divina looked at the woman. She was Filipino of course but didn't use a Filipino name. This is America, after all. \"Nice to meet you,\" Divina said blandly. She could tell the woman wasn't nice. And that smile she gave was truly a fake. She gets vibes about bad people, and she could tell Ruth was one. \"Well, Divina, I have to go. I'll be back every month or so to check up on you, so don't miss me too much,\" Louise turned to Ruth. \"Have fun.\" Ruth waved at Louise who drove off. Divina walked into the house and looked around. It was too fancy for her liking. \"Listen here,\" Ruth began and Divina turned to her. \"I can tell you can figure out a person before knowing them.\" \"What's it to you?\" Divina raised a brow. This lady is full of herself. \"I don't like your attitude.\" \"I didn't like the smile you gave me earlier. I can tell you faked it.\" The lady smirked. \"I did. You are smart. My husband wants a kid, but I don't. You are here to be taught good discipline and work. Not only that, the money you'll be given will be of great use to my husband and me.\" \"What, you think I have no discipline?\" She snorted. \"And you can't take my money, lady. It's mine.\" Ruth glared at her. \"On the contrary, I have control of what comes in and out of this house. kids do what they want, so they don't have much. Maybe you'll learn something. Watch your mouth before you end up like our last child. Poor Rick, he was so sweet, but an animal.\" Divina glared at her. She wondered what happened to Rick. \"Now off with you. Unpack and get to work.\" Ruth shooed. Divina stomped up the stairs mumbling to herself. \"Oh, by the way,\" she turned behind her and saw Ruth at the bottom of the staircase, \"If you tell anyone about us, you'll be in deep trouble. Got it?\" \"What can you do? Just curious.\" Ruth smirked, \"We are alcoholics, and we hit our kids. Don't think we won't hit you because we will.\" Divina gasped. \"Then why did you adopt me?\" \"Kids these days don't have discipline. But you won't be one of those kids. Now get upstairs.\" Divina felt steam come out of her ears. This was going to be a long, dreadful life for her. Divina's parents came into the car and they drove off to the outlet mall twenty minutes away. As they were driving, Divina thought about the dream that she had last night. It was a dream about her going to Neverland. Instead of Peter Pan being there, there was a boy with spiky hair, and he wore red and black. She has been having dreams like that for a couple of months now, and she had the feeling that something was going to happen soon, but she didn't know what. She thought that she was just imagining things and being paranoid. \"Is something bothering you, Divina?\" Ruth asked her. Divina looked up. \"No, I was just in my own world.\" Ruth nodded and turned to look out the passenger window herself. Wow, the witch cares. She won't be like that when I do something I'm not \"supposed\" to do. She began to think about Peter Pan. Oh, I wish Neverland were real. Neverland is real... She looked around, seeing no one else was around. I must be imagining things. Babaylan parked and got out of the car and walked off to the shoe store. They were unaware that the same two boys were following them. \"What type of shoes is she getting again?\" The dark haired boy asked. \"Does it matter?\" \"I guess not. But Tink told us to tell her every detail.\" \"I think they're called Sperry's.\" Divina and her parents walked through the mall, looking for a store that sells Sperry Top-Siders. Divina was in her own world, thinking about the dreams she's been having. She remembers going to Neverland and meeting some guy with dark, spiky hair. She knows that his name starts with an 'R', but she can't remember it. She looked up and to her left was a store that had Sperry's displayed at the window. \"Mom, dad, over there!\" She got their attention by pointing to the store. \"Hm, they are nice looking shoes,\" Ruth, her mother said. She agrees with me on something, for once. \"Yes, better than I imagined,\" Babaylan, her father, nodded his head. The three of them walked into the store as the two boys following them leaned on the window outside and peeked in. Divina walked up to the window, not seeing the two boys and saw medium brown Sperry's. They were the color she wanted. Below was a shelf of shoe boxes, and she started to search for the color and her shoe size. She needed a size six, but it fits her 5'2 and a half frame. \"Do you need any help?\" Divina looked up and saw a long blonde haired woman looking down at her. She was wearing a uniform and noticed the woman has green eyes. The lady was beautiful and looked no older than twenty. \"No, I'm okay. I already know what I am looking for. But thank you.\" The blonde lady smiled, \"Well, my name is Christina. Let me know if you need anything, okay sweetheart?\" Divina grinned at her. \"I'll let you know. Thanks.\" \"Hey, Don't Ask, that blonde chick is hot!\" Ace grinned at his friend, looking at Christina through the window. \"Ace, we aren't here to get dates,\" Don't Ask scolded his friend. He leaned back against the window. For the first time, he saw Divina with a real smile on her face. He thought she had a nice smile and she would be perfect for Rufio. Divina found her shoe size and tried on the shoes. \"Do they fit?\" Ruth asked her. \"Yeah, they're fine,\" Divina walked around in them. \"Well then, let's go,\" Ruth crossed her arms. \"I have things to do.\" No, you just don't like it when I'm happy, Witch. Divina scoffed to herself. They went up to the front desk and her father paid for the shoes. \"Have a nice day.\" The cashier put the bag down and handed them a coupon. \"This coupon gives you thirty percent off your next purchase. It's valid throughout this week and all of next week,\" He handed it to Babaylan. \"We'll consider it,\" The aggressive man nodded. Divina took the bag and they headed toward the exit. \"Thank you for the shoes,\" Divina actually meant that thank you. Babaylan nodded and smiled for the first time in a while. \"You're welcome.\" The two boys noticed the trio coming and walked to the other side of the hall. When the three walked out of the shoe store, Divina started to feel guilty. She knew the only reason why they bought the shoes was that they felt bad about what happened earlier. She looked at her medium brown Sperry's. As she looked up, she saw two boys looking at her. One has dark hair gelled back, and dark eyes. He had a feather earring in his ear. The other had blonde hair and wore out of fashion clothing. They looked around eleven or twelve. She rose an eyebrow at them, shrugged, and walked off with her parents. \"Ace, this isn't good,\" the dark-haired boy turned to his friend. \"She saw us.\" \"Don't ask, relax. She has no idea who we are.\" \"That's true. But what happened to the bruises on her face?\" \"Girls cover everything up with something called makeup,\" Ace replied, seeing the weird looks the two were getting. \"Come on, we have to go back and tell Tink everything we saw,\" Don't Ask also noticed the stares. And with that, the two boys left. Divina and her parents got into their car and drove back home. She wondered about a few things. The first thing she thought about was her dreams. The girl was confused about them, considering she never met the boy in her dreams. But the thing she also wondered about who those two boys were, and why they dress weird. ... A few days have passed since Divina got her Sperry's, and three days since she has been hit by her parents. She was laying on her bed, thinking about her friends and how her parents won't let her see them. They told her they were going to Hawaii, but they lied. It was too late to tell her friends they weren't going because her school had already ended for the summer break. Not to mention that her parents won't let her call them. She sat up on her bed, thinking about running away. She thought about it before, but she now knows that she has to leave or worse things will happen. She got off her bed and pulled out a suitcase from underneath it. She went into her closet and looked at her clothes. She's had a third of it since seventh or eighth grade, mostly because she stayed the same height. The orphanage doesn't buy children clothing, so she kept them. She now has a chance to throw it out. Back at the lost boys' hideout, Ace and Don't Ask were telling Tink everything they saw and heard. The three are sitting in a circle. Part one of their plan is done, now they just have to accomplish part two, which is getting Divina here at the right time. \"Her parents hit her?\" Tink looked like she was thinking about something. It's weird because she spotted Divina's bruises and had the two spy on her family. It must have been worse than she thought. Ace and Don't Ask didn't question it. \"Yeah, they hit her so hard she had a big bruise on her cheek,\" Don't Ask explained. \"Actually, she had bruises all over her face.\" \"She covered it with something called makeup,\" Ace added. Tink nodded. \"Anything else?\" \"Yeah, she got new shoes. Sperry's I think they are called,\" Ace remembered. \"Sperry Topsiders. That's what they're called,\" Don't Ask snapped two of his fingers. Tink smiled. \"Good job boys. Well done. There is only one more thing we need to do.\" \"What is that?\" Ace asked. \"We already spied on her.\" Tink laughed. She stretched her legs from where she is sitting. The two boys are staring at her, waiting for her to say something. She handed them a small container of fairy dust. \"Take this and sprinkle it on her.\" \"Oh right, we forgot the fairy dust,\" Don't Ask felt stupid. \"How do we put it on her without her noticing us?\" Tink thought for a moment. \"You'll need to figure it out. I have a suggestion you can use, but you might come up with something up. When she's sleeping, you can sprinkle it on her.\" Ace and Don't Ask nodded. \"You two should go back and see what they're doing. Something could be happening. It's up to the both of you to bring her here, just do it at the right time.\" \"Alright, let's go, Don't Ask,\" The two boys got up and flew back to Divina's house. ... Divina went through the last of her old t-shirts and threw most of them out. She had one of the garbage bags a third full. She pulled out her old logo sweatshirts and threw them into the bag. She remembered when logoed everything was in. Now it is corny and she had no idea why she wore it, but everyone did so she can't complain. \"She's got a lot of clothes,\" Ace took a bite from his apple. \"She's got more clothes than the wealthy had back when I was living.\" \"Yeah, but it seems like she's throwing it out. She's got big garbage bags on the floor.\" \"That means less for us to carry when we take her to Neverland.\" After about an hour and a half of going through old shirts, jeans, shoes, and sweaters, she was done. She has almost three garbage bags full. Two bags were filled with clothes, the other bag was filled with other stuff that she had and didn't want anymore. She looked at her closet. She had some of her old clothes, but not all of it. She looked at all the collared shirts, flannels, denim jackets, bomber jackets, shirts, skirts, and everything else she had. She had as much as any other teenage girl, but she knew she couldn't take all of it. She decided to take her favorite pieces with her. When she started to pack her pants, skirts, and shorts, she heard a noise from the roof. She stopped what she was doing and turned around. Don't ask went to punch Ace for pushing him, but they saw that Divina was walking to her window. They quickly and quietly went further to the top of the roof. \"Who's there?\" Divina looked out her window. She turned to her right. To the right of the window was part of the roof going downward. She would sit up there when she was upset to think about things. She thought she was imagining things and went back to packing. \"Nice going Ace, she almost saw us.\" \"Hey, you made me drop my apple!\" \"It was by accident.\" Divina packed started to pack shirts, undergarments, accessories, shoes, and other necessities that she would need. She had no idea where she was going to go, but she had to go somewhere. She was thinking about going to a friend, but they would tell her parents. She isn't risking that chance. She closed up her suitcase and leaned it against the wall. She tied up the three garbage bags full of clothes and other stuff. She finished and then looked at the window again. She knew she wasn't imagining things when she heard noises. She decided to go and see what the noise was. She walked over to the window and looked down. There on the ground, she saw a half-eaten red apple. Without her knowing, Ace and Don't Ask saw her come near the window and they back up further again so they could still see her, but so she couldn't see them. Her eyes narrowed a bit. Now she had the feeling that someone was onto her. At first, she thought that it was her being paranoid, but now she just had a feeling. The apple wasn't there a few hours ago, and she knows that her neighbors weren't outside. The neighbor's next door's son was allergic to apples, so they couldn't have any apples in the house. She knew someone wouldn't just walk into their yard and throw away an apple on the ground. She thought back to a few days ago when she saw those two young boys staring at her. She didn't know why, but the two just stood there, staring right at her, not doing anything. When she looked at them, they looked like they were up to something but she ignored it. \"Those boys',\" She said to herself. Who are they? And why are they here? How did they find out where I live? Oh, I must be imagining things. But they look like those boys' in my dreams. They must know something. No...I'm just paranoid. \"Ace, she's onto us,\" Don't ask whispered very quietly. \"Shhh,\" Ace shushed his friend. She turned around when there was a knock at her door. \"Divina, dinner will be ready soon,\" Ruth said from the other side. \"Alright, mom,\" Divina rolled her eyes. Ruth opened the door. \"What are you doing?\" Divina caught her looking at the filled garbage bags. \"Oh, I was just throwing away old clothes, shoes, and other stuff I don't want.\" Ruth smiled. \"Wow, there's a lot. We could have a yard sale.\" Divina gave her a look, \"No, I'm giving this to charity.\" \"Whatever you want, sweetheart.\" Divina turned around and walked away from the window. \"Why is your suitcase out?\" \"Oh, I was going to move it into my closet since I have more space,\" Divina lied. Ruth nodded. \"Very well. I will take your bags with me tomorrow to the orphanage.\" \"Okay. Thank you, mom.\" \"Well, you might as well go downstairs. Your father will be done any minute.\" Divina took one last look at the window walked out of her room. When she was gone, Ruth looked at the suitcase and opened it up. She gasped. She saw Divina's clothes in it. Ruth narrowed her eyes, knowing that Divina was thinking of leaving. She didn't know what to think. All she thought was that Divina was going to run away like their last child Rick. But the thing is, Rick didn't run away, he is somewhere where a person would never guess. Ruth closed up the suitcase and walked down the stairs. \"This isn't good,\" Don't Ask shook his head. \"She realized that Divina is thinking of leaving.\" \"Yeah, I know. I hope we're almost done. I'm getting bored.\" Ace lay down with his eyes closed. \"Try finding the hot blonde girl.\" Ace nudged him. \"Hey, you have to admit, she was hot.\" \"She isn't my type, but whatever.\" Ruth sat down at the table and looked at the pizza pie in front of her. She took a piece and looked at Divina who was taking a bite out of her own. \"So, Divina, you say that you are moving your suitcase into your closet,\" Ruth was starting trouble, as usual. \"Yeah, what about it?\" \"I saw clothes in it.\" Divina narrowed her eyes. She was sick of Ruth going through her things and trying to get her into trouble. She stood up. \"Who said you can go through my things?\" \"I was just looking.\" \"Oh yeah? You say to me to mind my business. So why can't you mind yours?\" Divina started to raise her voice. Ace whistled quietly. \"Don't raise your voice at your mother,\" Babaylan pointed a finger at her. \"I am! There's nothing you can do about it!\" Ace and Don't Ask stared at her wide-eyed. \"Wow, Rufio will like her,\" Don't ask said to Ace. \"He'll like her a lot,\" Ace agreed. \"It's like another version of him,\" \"Rufio ain't that bad.\" \"He can be when he's angry,\" Ace turned to Don't Ask. \"I'm going to her room, just in case she goes in. When she goes in, if she's alone, maybe I can grab her.\" Don't Ask nodded. \"All right, but be careful.\" Ace nodded back and climbed up to the roof. \" You're going to respect us whether you like it or not.\" Ruth stood up. \"I don't care anymore! I'm leaving!\" Divina shouted and she stomped up the stairs. \"Don't you turn away from your mother and me, missy!\" \"I just did!\" Divina snapped. Ruth gasped. \"Oh dear lord, she is out of control!\" Don't Ask is looking through the window. \"Ace, I think this is our cue,\" he hollered to his friend who went up to Divina's window about a minute ago. \"What do you mean?\" \"Divina's losing it. They're going upstairs!\" Don't ask looked and saw that they were gone. He ran over to Ace. They saw Divina slam her door open and take a hold of her suitcase. Her father grabbed her arm. \"Where do you think you're going?\" \"I'm leaving. That's what.\" \"You're staying here!\" Ruth growled. Divina turned to her. \"No I'm not. Apparently, you never wanted me here. You even told me that when I came. You both hate me, and I hate the both of you too!\" \"Oh yeah?\" Ruth glared at her. \"Yeah. Oh, and by the way, Ruth, your cooking sucks!\" Ace and Don't Ask quietly snickered at Divina's comment and Ruth's hilarious look of shock. Her father slapped her across the face again. \"Don't talk to me like that.\" \"Stop hitting me you monster!\" Divina swung at her father and he held onto his face. Divina glared at her mother. Ruth went to slap her, but Divina shoved her out of her room and locked the door. Ruth began banging on the door. \"Let me in you ungrateful child!\" \"Say what you want, I'm not listening!\" Divina covered her ears with her hands. Ace and Don't Ask were watching in awe. They never knew Divina could be so angry. But then again, they've only seen her for a couple of days, so they don't exactly know what she is capable of. Her father got up and grabbed her arm. \"You're so disrespectful!\" \"Only because you treat me like I'm an animal!\" Babaylan took his belt off and walked toward her. Divina backed up toward her bed. Her father was glaring at her, his hand clenching onto his belt, hard. Ruth was banging on the door still and her father had her cornered. She had two options, attack her dad or go through the door. She decided the door. She sped to the door, but her dad grabbed her. She couldn't get out of his grasp on her arm. His grip tightened and she knew a bruise would form. Then again, when didn't she have a bruise on her body? \"You ungrateful witch! I'll show you abuse!\" \"Dad, stop it!\" She pleaded. \"You don't know what you're doing.\" \"I know exactly what I'm doing.\" \"No, you don't!\" She shouted. \"I can't believe that I have to live this life. If my parents were alive, I'd be living with them, happily. I hate you!\" He narrowed his eyes at her. \"I hate you too!\" And with that, he hit her on the right side of the head with the belt. She let out a loud scream and fell backward toward her bed. \"This is our chance,\" Ace started climbing from the slanted piece of the window. Don't ask followed. Divina's father stared at her. He was about to hit her again, but he looked at Ace and Don't Ask who climbed into the room. \"Who are you two?\" He looked at the two boys'. He noticed that they dress out of fashion. Ace smirked. \"We are accomplices.\" \"For who?\" \"For child protection services,\" Don't Ask fibbed. \"Aren't you a little young?\" Babaylan mocked. \"Hey, finding out information is what we do best. We do it without people noticing,\" Ace crossed his arms. \"You're spies?\" \"You could say that,\" Don't ask shrugged. Babaylan narrowed his eyes at the two. \"You two aren't taking my daughter.\" \"Technically, she isn't your daughter,\" Ace shrugged. \"First, she hates you; she even said so a few minutes ago. Second of all, we will. What are you going to do about it?\" Don't ask challenged the man. Babaylan snarled and went to grab Don't Ask, but the boy knocked him to the floor. He punched him in the face and Ace kicked the man. Babaylan groaned in defeat and closed his eyes. With her vision starting to blur, Divina saw her dad get knocked to the floor. The weird part was that she saw nothing. That's how blurry it was. She then felt a hand on her arm. She looked and saw that the boy has blonde hair. Ace looked at Divina who has a wound on the right side of her head. He grabbed a rag from his pocket and put it to her head. \"She's bleeding. We have to get her to Neverland before her wound gets infected.\" Neverland? Did he just day Neverland? I think my father hit me too hard. Divina thought to herself. But the boys' touch felt very real to her. \"Come on, we have to take her now,\" Ace turned to his friend. She doesn't know what's going on. She tried to talk, but she couldn't say anything. Her throat hurt. After a few seconds of pure shock, her voice came back. \"Who are you?\" She managed to say. Ace caught her worry. \"Relax, we won't hurt you.\" Divina's vision was still blurry. She could only see his hair is blonde and that he is wearing a top hat. She saw another boy walked up to her and kneeled down next to the blonde. \"Divina, you'll be safe now.\" Divina thought that her father hit her so hard that she's hallucinating from the trauma, or is losing her mind. \"This can't be real,\" she mumbled. \"It is, Divina,\" she saw Don't Ask smile. She noticed that he has dark hair. \"I think my father hit me too hard. This is my imagination. I'll wake up on the floor.\" \"No, you won't. We're talking you to Neverland,\" Don't Ask said. \"How? I weigh more than you.\" \"Where's the fairy dust?\" Ace asked Don't Ask, changing the topic. \"It's in my pocket.\" \"Hand it to me,\" Ace stretched out his hand. I must be hallucinating. Divina then closed her eyes and blacked out. Don't ask took out a small box of fairy dust and handed it to Ace. Don't Ask wrapped her in a blanket. After that, Ace sprinkled fairy dust on Divina, and she floated in the air. Ace grabbed one side of her blanket. \"Let's go.\" Don't Ask grabbed her suitcase and they flew off with her into the sky, to bring her to Neverland. They both knew that she'd be better off with them. They know that Neverland makes people forget, so once Divina is in Neverland, she will slowly forget who her parents are. They flew to the star at the right and saw a familiar ocean, pirate ship, and many other hideouts. The two boys went off to the direction of their hideout with an unconscious Divina and her suitcase. They had another girl beside Tinkerbell. They couldn't wait to help her and give her to Tink. They flew and they flew, seeing their hideout. They went toward it and landed, feeling proud and happy that they did their job and saved Divina's life.[Chapter 3] CHAPTER 3 The Pinky Swear ... Divina felt something soft underneath her. She opened her eyes and saw that it's dark outside, but for some reason, there's light in the room. She looks in front of her and sees that she isn't in her room, but in some type of tree house. All of a sudden, she feels a sting on her head where her father, Babaylan hit her. She moved her head away and turned to see a boy sitting behind her on a stool, with a suture in his hand. He stared at her. The boy was wearing black with red accents, black ripped skinny jeans with red tights underneath, red suede boots, a black crop top that showed some of his toned stomach muscle, and a sleeveless leather jacket. He had a bone necklace on of sharp like objects and another which looked like a small locket. He also wore a black and red feather earring on his left ear; one black thick bracelet on each wrist and on the right side, he has a tiny pouch that was empty. He is at least 5'5, but his mohawk makes him look a few inches taller. He has tanned skin and dark eyes. Possibly Filipino. Divina stared at him in awe, thinking that he is cute and showing some interest in him, but the boy looks oblivious to it. She doesn't know why, but he looked familiar to her for some reason like she has seen him somewhere or in her dreams. He went back to stitching her cut and she moved his hands away and tried to sit up. The boy wrapped an arm around her and gently laid her back down. Divina felt scared. She doesn't know where she is. She thinks she is dreaming and that she is going to wake up and get hit again. It doesn't feel like a dream to her, and it isn't. \"Don't worry, you're safe,\" he caught her worry. \"Where am I?\" \"You're in Neverland.\" Divina still thought that she was dreaming, and she hated it, but it doesn't explain how the two boys at the mall were in her bedroom. She wasn't thinking about them when they were there, and it started raising her suspicions. Dreams seem so real, but sometimes, they may actually happen. She hoped that Neverland was real because she doesn't want to be back at home, but what she doesn't realize is that she really is in Neverland. \"Are you sure? I mean, I think my father hit me too hard.\" \"No, you're really in Neverland. It exists,\" The boy whose name she didn't know starting stitching her cut again and she moaned in pain, holding onto the cut. This caused him to stop what he was doing. He moved her hand away. \"I have to do this. If I don't, your wound will get infected.\" Divina gave in and as he was suturing her cut again, she felt tired again and fell asleep. She didn't know how long she's was out for, but she heard voices around her. Divina let out a groan and tried to open her eyes, but failed. \"She's awake,\" a familiar voice answered. \"Go and get Rufio.\" The voice seemed very familiar to her. She's heard it somewhere, but where? The other person in the room left and it became silent. She doesn't know where she is and couldn't open her eyes. After about a minute, she got her eyes open and they adjusted and she saw her surroundings to what looks like a treehouse. She's in a big room, laying down on a loft. Across from the loft is a bed. There is a dresser, a desk, and a wall with a sword laying on a shelf. The floor 9s grass and the walls are bark from the tree. She turned and saw a blonde boy in a top hat staring down at her, with his right hand on her arm, and worry in his eyes. She stared at him. It took her a few seconds, but then she recognized him. \"Hey, weren't you at the mall a few days ago? You and some other boy were looking at me.\" He smiled at her, seeing that she was all right. \"Yeah, that was me.\" \"Why am I here?\" \"After your father hit you, Don't Ask, and I brought you here.\" \"Don't Ask? Was he the other boy with you?\" \"Yup, that's him.\" \"So, you've been following me?\" Divina questioned the boy, but it was more of a statement. It explains a lot. Seeing them at the mall, hearing boys whisper and thumping on the roof. She seriously thought she was losing her mind. \"A little. Don't ask and I live in Neverland, but we are apprentices for Tinker Bell. The two of us were sent by her to spy on you. We only watched you for a few days and brought you here before anything else happened.\" \"So, do you pick random people or do you bring everyone?\" \"Funny that you ask. We don't get to every kid. The only people we get to are the ones that Tinkerbell spots. She can only spot some kids, not all.\" Divina raised a brow that his statement. Why would Tink only bring certain kids here? Hm, that's something she will have to remember for later. \"Wow, she is real. Neverland is real.\" She must have been the voice I heard in the car when I was going to get my Sperry Topsiders. \"Yeah, it is. No one believes it. They won't know either because the kids that are brought here never leave.\" \"So, I guess I won't age then.\" \"You stay the same age and height as long as you are here.\" Divina sighed. \"I'm always going to be short.\" Ace smiled. \"You aren't that short. I've seen shorter.\" The both of them laughed. Ace realized that Divina was easy to talk to. Divina tried so sit up, but the boy stopped her. \"It's better if you lay down. Trust me.\" She nodded and laid back down, feeling the pain on the right side of her head. She touched her head and felt four stitches. Then she remembered waking up to some boy stitching her cut. Now she knew she wasn't dreaming. The door opened and she saw the boy that stitched her cut and a boy with dark hair. Divina recognized the boy. He was with Ace at the mall. She guessed he was Don't Ask. \"How are you feeling?\" The boy her aged asked her. \"I'm fine. But my head hurts, a lot.\" \"It'll be better in a few days.\" \"I didn't catch your name.\" \"I'm Rufio.\" Rufio! She now recognized him. He's the boy from her dreams. So that is what her dreams were trying to tell her, that she would meet Rufio in Neverland. How she had those dreams, she has no idea, and she does not care. Unless they weren't dreams. All that matters now is that she is safe. She likes the name Rufio but she thinks it's unusual, especially for a boy — but the name fits him. She turned to the other boy. \"You must be Don't Ask.\" Don't Ask smiled. \"That's me.\" Divina looked around and noticed that there were a few openings in the wall, but they aren't windows. She tried looking out through one on the other side of the wall. It looked like she was in some type of fort. \"Well, I have to get back and watch the rest,\" Rufio turned to the boys. \"Ace, Don't Ask, keep an eye on her.\" \"All right, Rufio.\" Don't ask saluted. And with that, Rufio left. That is when Divina noticed something. She thought that Peter Pan was supposed to be in charge of the lost boys. These boys were different than the original lost boys. Instead, Rufio seemed like he was in charge. \"Wait a minute, Peter Pan is supposed to be here.\" Ace sighed. \"Do you know the story of Peter Pan and Wendy?\" \"Of course. Peter finds Wendy sleeping in her bedroom and falls in love with her. He takes her brother and her to Neverland, but she leaves because she doesn't want to forget her parents. She also didn't want her parents to forget her.\" \"Even after she left, he still loved her, but he refused to grow up. Wendy eventually got married, and Peter was upset,\" Ace explained. \"Love hurts.\" \"He would visit her, but the time is different from here and the real world. She got older every time he saw her. It got to the point where she was too old to go with him. That's when he fell in love with her granddaughter, Moira. Peter left Neverland to be with Moira a long time ago. He left Rufio in charge,\" Don't Ask finished. \"Oh, right, the sequel. It's real.\" \"I know. He left us for a girl,\" Don't ask scoffed. \"But where are the other lost boys?\" \"They're outside,\" Don't Ask looked at her, confused. \"No, I mean the ones that Peter Pan had. Nibs, Slightly, Tootles.\" \"Oh, those lost boys,\" Don't Ask chuckled, embarrassed. \"When Peter Pan left Rufio in charge, more and more lost boys came to Neverland.\" \"They knew that they had to grow up eventually and when Wendy was going back home, they wanted to go with her. Peter brought more boys, and then he left,\" Ace took over. Divina looked at the two sympathetically. \"I'm sorry to hear that, but I won't be leaving.\" Ace looked at her. \"You won't?\" \"Never. I'm here for a reason, aren't I?\" Don't Ask smiled. \"Yeah, we brought you here because Tink thought it would be better for you.\" Ace held out his pinky. \"Do you promise Rufio, the other lost boys, and me that you won't ever leave to grow up?\" Divina smiled and took his pinky in hers. \"I promise.\" They both pink swore. Ace and Don't Ask smiled and gave her a hug. They knew Divina could be trusted, and they both knew well that they would like having her around. \"Show me around,\" Divina said as the trio broke from their hug. \"Rufio said its better if you stay in bed for a couple of days.\" Ace stopped her. \"Well, then tell me what it's like living here.\" \"For starters, all grownups are pirates,\" Don't Ask replied as someone came in. The boy looked about five or six. He has brown curly hair and big brown eyes. \"Aw, who's this little guy?\" Divina wondered. \"That's Too Small,\" Ace answered. \"Hi, Too small. You're so cute!\" Divina squealed. Too small smiled at her as she picked him up. \"How are you feeling?\" \"I'm okay, what about you?\" \"I could be better,\" The little boy looked at her. \"Are you going to leave as Wendy and Peter Pan did?\" Divina shook her head. \"Never. I promise.\" \"You promise?\" The little boy gave her the puppy eyes and it made her sad. She will never leave. Never, ever. \"Cross my heart. Isn't that why they call it Neverland?\" Divina took her finger and made a cross over her heart, showing her word. The three boys smiled. \"So, are you like our mom?\" Too small asked her. \"I don't know yet. I have no idea if I am ready to be one.\" \"You seem like you'd be a good parent,\" Don't ask complimented, \"Rufio's kind of like our dad. The others here might think of you as a mom. You aren't the only girl here, but you will be older than the girls.\" \"Wait, there are girls in Neverland? I just thought it was Tinker Bell.\" \"Nope, there's a few,\" Ace grinned and moved his eyebrows up and down. Don't Ask smiled. Divina ignored the looks on their faces and changed the subject. \"I'll think about being your mom. In the meantime, what do you guys do for fun?\" She looked out the window, seeing that it's raining and saw a glimpse of the boys shouting and running outside. \"Well, when it's raining outside, we play cards.\" Divina grinned. \"Any of you guys know how to play Uno?\" They all nodded and Don't Ask went to Rufio's desk and pulled out a deck of cards. Too small and Ace were next to Divina while Don't Ask sat between the other two. \"Okay, who goes first?\" Don't ask questioned. \"I do,\" Ace smiled and sat up straight. Divina giggled. \"That's not fair, Ace. You always want to go first.\" \"I do not.\" Divina whistled which startled the two older boys. \"How do you do that?\" Too small asked. Divina smiled at him. \"I'll teach you when I'm allowed to leave this room,\" she turned to the two boys. \"When I played with my friends, the youngest went first. Since Too Small is the youngest, he goes first.\" The four were chatting and laughing. Divina likes having the boys around, and the boys like having her. For the first time in a while, Divina felt happy. And she didn't sport a fake smile; she wore a real one For the first time in a long time, she felt loved. ... A few days passed and Divina's head didn't hurt anymore. In fact, her wound was a lot better. To her advantage, her memories of her parents were slowly going away, but she didn't realize it yet. She still couldn't believe that Neverland existed and that she was here. At first, she thought it was all a dream, but now she's convinced that it's real. Divina woke up five minutes ago. She is laying on the futon, still waking up when Rufio came into the bedroom. \"How are you feeling?\" \"Better, actually. Could you show me around?\" Rufio smiled and put out his hand. \"Take my hand.\" Divina took his hand and he helped her up. She stretched as Rufio stared at her face. \"Is there something on my face?\" \"No. Your bruises are gone,\" He smiled. \"Huh?\" She touched her face. \"Wait, you made my bruises go away? How did you manage to do that?\" she asked a lot of questions sometimes. Rufio held up the locket around his neck. \"In this locket is a potion that can heal anyone and anything. It can heal them if they are on the bridge of death.\" Divina looked at the locket and touched it. \"Wow, that's amazing! Where do you get it?\" \"Well, it's only in Neverland if that's what you're asking. Tiger Lily lives not too far from here. The Indians make medicine and stuff like that.\" Divina stared at the locket in awe. Rufio turned pink a little, but it went unnoticed. \"What's the plant called?\" \"I don't know the exact name since I don't make it. I think it's called a fire daisy.\" Divina laughed. \"Wow, a daisy that has healing powers. I wish the real world had that.\" \"The real world's advancements are different to Neverland's. They are advanced equally, but they have different ways of healing people.\" Divina stared at Rufio\" \"How do you use it?\" \"When a person is injured or sick, they drink it. It could take a while to heal them, depending on how sick or hurt they are. In your case, when you came here a week ago, it took five to six days for your bruises to go away.\" \"Wait, I've been here for a week? How long have I been out for?\" \"You've been unconscious for about four to five days.\" Divina looked confused. She knew she was hit hard, but she didn't know her father hit her that bad. \"My parents, they must be worried sick.\" Rufio chuckled. \"Don't worry, Ace and Don't Ask went back. The police are looking for you. Though, many are starting to think your parents are crazy.\" \"They are crazy. They deserve everything that will be done to them.\" Rufio chuckled. \"Come on. Forget about your parents. You live here now and you need to know where everything is.\" \"Show me the way!\" The two walked out of the bedroom and Divina got a good look at where she is now living. She stared at it in amazement. It was not only a tree, but it was also a gigantic fort. The huge tree was at the side, surrounded by other tall, but smaller trees. There were wooden bridges connecting each tree to the next. Each side of the fort had a different season. One small section is all snowing, and another is raining. Each section had a different season, which amazed Divina. There is a light wooden pathway with a metal lining attached to it, like the ones in a train station. And below is a huge pavement and many rooms connected together with vines, ladders, and boardwalksThere are's plants and vines and everything. The ground's covered with dry dirt, wooden pathways, concrete, and leaves. It was like a huge treehouse! It was every kids' dream come true. \"This is amazing! Did you build this all by yourself?\" \"Peter Pan had it built when he was still here. When he left, the lost boys and I added a lot more detail to it. Do you like it?\" \"Like it? I love it!\" Divina squealed. She's never seen anything so creative in her entire life. \"Alright, all up here are the bedrooms. The smaller boys and you sleep closer to me. We are higher up to be safe from Hook. I am with them so that they are safe.\" \"Where do I sleep?\" \"We'll get to that later,\" Rufio stalled. He wants her in his room, but he doesn't know how she'll react to it. That was when a lost boy the same height as Rufio came up to them. He looked at Divina and said, \"So, this is the lost girl?\" Rufio nodded, \"Divina, this is Rick.\" Divina stared at him wide-eyed. She recognized him from a photo at her house. She can't believe that he is in Neverland also! Tink has been keeping a close eye on Ruth and Babaylan. \"Did you have parents before you came here?\" The boy laughed. \"Of course. Everyone has parents.\" Rufio knew otherwise. He saw the look on Divina's face, and he can tell that she has seen him before. \"I don't mean it like that. I mean, did you have parents that were abusive?\" Divina knows who he is, and she is happy to see that he is alive, even though they don't know each other. She guessed they are like brother and sister, in a way since they both had the same non-biological parents. Rick looked Filipino as well. He stared at her, \"Yes, I did...\" \"We're they're names Ruth and Babaylan?\" He gasped, \"How did you know?\" \"They were my parents too! Ruth told me that she got rid of you.\" Rick shook his head. \"Ace and Don't Ask brought me here a while ago, just like they did to you.\" Divina smiled, it is a small world, after all. She thinks that it's crazy that they are both orphans that had abusive parents and then ended up in Neverland. \"Did they hit you all the time too? I was always getting hit. It wasn't anything new.\" \"I know. You were covered in bruises. You had it worse. I had injuries, but not as bad as you.\" Rick looked at her sympathetically, \"But hey, Ace and Don't Ask said that people think they're crazy.\" \"How so?\" \"Babaylan said that two boys dressed in Victorian fashion came with fairy dust and carried you away!\" Rick burst out laughing and pretended to wipe away a tear from his eye. \"He is right though. It's too bad no one will believe him.\" The trio laughed. \"Well, I have to get going. Dinner's almost ready. Nice meeting you, Divina.\" \"You too, Rick. We should catch up sometime. Besides, we had the same parents, so we might as well be siblings.\" Rick laughed and ruffled her hair, \"I'll take your word for it.\" Then he walked off. Rufio turned to Divina. \"Come on, we have a lot to see.\" He took her by the hand and showed her everything. He showed her the basketball court. There was a wall that had graffiti of a crossed out Hook, pirates all over it and a rainbow. The names of everyone in the gigantic treehouse was on one wall. Rufio picked up a purple spray can and handed it to Divina. \"Write your name.\" \"Me?\" Rufio smiled. \"Of course, silly. You're one of us now.\" Divina smiled and took off the cap. In her neatest handwriting, she graffitied her name next to Rufio's. When she was done, the cap was put back on the can and she placed the spray paint on the floor. She looked at her name on the wall and felt loved and somewhere that she belonged. She had friends, but they never believed her stories about her parents because her parents acted nice in front of everyone else. No one else knew their true colors, but the people in Neverland do. They are her real friends and family. Real friends would believe the troubles their friends have, not blow them off and think that they are lying. \"Congratulations. You are the first official lost girl!\" Divina turned to Rufio. \"Doesn't Wendy have that title? She was a mother.\" Rufio laughed. \"Not exactly. She didn't sign that wall. Plus, she left after about a week.\" \"How about Tiger Lily?\" Rufio shook his head. \"She's an Indian. She already has a title.\" Divina nodded, showing that she understood. She then followed Rufio to the winter part of the fort and she saw a clear view of everything. In front of her was a view of the beautiful, clear, blue ocean. There were mountain tops, other forts from the distance, and a pirate ship. It all seems like a dream, but she now knows that she isn't dreaming, she is actually in Neverland. She doesn't understand why some kids are brought to the magical land of where no one grows up but some aren't. Maybe they have to be chosen? \"Who's in those other forts?\" Rufio pointed to the right. \"That's where the Native Indians are,\" then he pointed five miles away from Hook's pirate ship. \"That's where the mermaids are. And if you go East of where the mermaids are, there is a population of fairies.\" \"Wow, there are more people here than I thought there would be.\" Rufio smirked. \"Yes, Neverland is a lot bigger than people think.\" \"Are there a lot of pirates?\" \"A lot? There's at least two hundred of them. They have their own community. Though, they're not all boys. They have a small population of prostitutes. You know, the girls that wear showy dresses and too much makeup. But the dresses are actually very long.\" Divina giggled. Rufio is definitely her type, and she likes him more and more each minute. \"Have you ever seen them?\" \"Of course. They must spend at least two hours on their makeup a day. Either that or Hook likes fake, old, ugly women.\" The two burst out laughing, but they quickly stopped moments later when they smelt food from the distance. \"Dinner's ready,\" Rufio took her hand and turned to her. \"Before we eat, use your imagination. Think of a food and it will be there. Be creative.\" Divina didn't understand what Rufio meant by that, but she just followed him to the dining room. It was a long table that fit the whole room. Underneath the floor was a huge kitchen. The lost boys were passing around plates, utensils, and pots of food onto the table. Divina looked and saw that a majority of the boys are sitting down, chatting and laughing their heads off. She saw an empty space next to Thud Butt and took a seat next to him. Thud turned to her. \"So Divina, how do you like it here?\" \"I like it a lot.\" \"You're the first lost girl we've had. It's an honor.\" Rufio came along and sat between them. He put his hands together and everyone followed. In a soft voice, he said, \"Everybody say grace.\" \"GRACE!\" They all dug in. Divina was confused. She didn't see any food on the table. Rufio glanced at her, and then she remembered what he said to her. She then closed her eyes and imagined cookies and pizza. When she opened her eyes, she gasped in excitement and licked her lips. In front of her were a pizza and a thing of cookies. She dug in right away and took a sip of the Shirley temple that she imagined. She turned and saw Ace and Don't Ask arguing about something. Well, they weren't exactly arguing, Ace was just trying to take a piece of the cake on Don't Ask's plate, who clearly isn't allowing the blonde to take his food. He looks rather annoyed, but Divina found it amusing. \"Get your own!\" Don't ask gave Ace an annoyed look. He loves Ace like a brother but hates when the boy takes his food. \"I'd rather take yours.\" Thud laughed and turned to Divina. \"They always do that. It's nothing new. It is quite interesting to watch.\" \"Hey, it shows something. It shows they're friends.\" Thud stared at her. \"Friends? They're best friends! Though, their arguments are hilarious! But they aren't really fighting, they just treat each other like brothers.\" Divina chuckled. \"Hey, I have a question about Peter Pan.\" \"What is it?\" \"Well, isn't there a legend that a brave person will come from the real world and help him beat Hook for good?\" \"Yup. There is.\" \"Is it, Rufio? I know that it's a dumb question, but my parents weren't fun and never allowed me to live my life how I wanted too. When the second book came out, they wouldn't let me get it and I was always scared to ask someone because everyone knows about the legend except me.\" Thud stared at her. \"Nope, the legend says that a girl will come from the real world when the time is right. Rufio may seem life the legend, but he isn't, plus, he's a boy. He came way after Peter took off Hook's hand. In fact, when he came, Peter left after a while to the real world, leaving Rufio in charge. That's when he became interested in fighting.\" Divina nodded. The legend is pretty cool, but it just didn't make sense. It shows that the sword fighter is a girl, but Peter and that girl aren't in Neverland. Someone here has to be the swordsperson, but who? And why haven't they been found yet? After dinner, the lost boys were getting ready for bed while Divina and Rufio were sitting on a cliff, looking at the view in front of them. Divina is enjoying her permanent stay here. It isn't how she imagined living her life, but then again, life is unexpecting. A person never knows how they're life will turn out. It's actually quite scary sometimes. \"Good night, Neverland!\" Too small was heard from the distance. He blew out his light, lay down and became silent. Rufio chuckled. \"He says that every night.\" \"Ha, he's a cutie,\" Divina cooed. She thinks Too Small is adorable with his curly hair and his big brown eyes. \"Oh, and I'm not?\" Rufio made a puppy face which caused Divina to laugh. \"You are cute, Rufio!\" Rufio looked at her and took her hands in his. \"Can you promise me something?\" Divina started to blush. \"What is it?\" \"You'll never leave me.\" Divina smiled. \"Only if you promise that you'll never leave me.\" To her, this exact moment seems like a romance movie or a fairytale. She can't decide which sounds better. Rufio smirked, noticing that she was using his words against him. \"Don't worry, I promise.\" \"I promise that I won't leave you.\" Rufio smiled and came a little closer. Divina's heart raced. She didn't know what to do. She decided to go with what her heart said and she moved in closer to Rufio. \"I'm happy you're here,\" Rufio blushed. \"Me too. I want to thank you for everything you've done for me,\" Divina began to feel nervous. She had the feeling that she knew what was coming next. But she will let Rufio do it, since he seems close enough to her, and he is the one that is asking her about not leaving him. She knows where this is going. Rufio smiled. \"It was Tink that found you.\" \"Yes, but you let her bring me here. Not only that, you stitched my wound. If you didn't it could have gotten infected and I could have died.\" \"It was no problem. That's one thing I do best.\" Divina grinned. Rufio may be a bad boy, but he's actually sweet and easy to get along with. She thought he was going to be all serious and bossy, but he's quite the opposite. Not just that, she can tell that he cares for everyone here and that they care for him. That's what made her attracted to him, even though they've only known each other for a few days. \"I want to ask you a question,\" Divina blurted out. \"And what would that be?\" Rufio turned to her. \"Well, I heard that Tinkerbell only brings certain kids to Neverland. Why is that? Ace told me that she only spots certain kids, but not all.\" \"Some kids have a bad life. Their life is a lot worse than others. Ace is right, Tink only spots certain kids but does not bring all of them up here. As for the ones that she does want in Neverland, all that she wants is for them to live their life and not worry about growing up without having a childhood. In the end, they choose if they want to stay here, but their memories of Neverland disappear. Sometimes, so will their memories of them being a kid, and they also have no idea who they really are.\" Divina let out an \"Oh\", and nodded in understanding. She turned away and looked out to the ocean in front of her. The thought of someone not remembering Neverland or their childhood or even themselves was scary to her. On the other hand, she was amazed at how beautiful and peaceful looking Neverland is, and she knows that she isn't dreaming. Dreams feel real, but to her, the moment felt more real than a dream. \"Have you ever fallen in love, Divina?\" Divina turned to him, \"What?\" \"Have you ever fallen in love?\" She knows where this is going, but she decided to have some fun first. \"I was once before. But I am in love now.\" She saw a hint of jealousy in the skunk headed boy. \"Who?\" She decided to tease him. She shrugged. \"Hm, I don't know. He's nice, caring, and easy to get along with. He is insanely cute and has nice muscles.\" Rufio stared at her. He felt angry and jealous. Who could this guy be? Divina put her index finger to her chin, making it seem like she was thinking. \"Oh yeah, he also takes on a lot of responsibility. He most likely takes a while to get ready in the morning, but looks good.\" \"Who is this guy?\" Rufio looked at her. Divina saw a lot of jealousy in the teen. \"Oh my goodness Rufio, it's you, silly!\" Rufio smiled. \"I think you're beautiful.\" \"Really? Do you mean that from the bottom of your heart?\" \"Of course. I wouldn't have said it if I didn't mean it.\" And with that, the two lovebirds pressed their lips against each other's, both feeling sparks come out of them against their fast beating hearts. They both pulled away, smiling. They both felt something they haven't in a long time. Love. \"Divina, promise that you'll be mine, forever.\" She raised an eyebrow at him. \"Where am I going to go? Plus, we've only known each other for a few days.\" Rufio smiled and took her hand in his. \"We can make it work.\" \"You promise?\" Divina doesn't want to get hurt again. She only met Rufio a few days ago. She likes him but does not know if she can trust him. \"I promise,\" Rufio smiled at Divina, showing her that she can trust him. It may take a while for her to gain trust for others for her parents, but he can wait. He will help her gain trust for others and show her that everyone is different. \"Pinky swear it,\" Divina said. Rufio took his right pinky and locked it with hers, \"I pinky swear that I will never, ever leave you.\" \"And I pinky swear that I will never, ever leave you either, Rufio.\" This caused the teen boy to grin and give her a quick peck on the lips. Divina smiled and hugged, Rufio, knowing that he's the one for her. She knows that they've only known each other for a short period of time, but to her, it feels like forever. She knows that he'll take care of her and that he'll be the loyal boyfriend that she's always wanted. In about a week, she found her love, new friends and family, and a new place that she can call home, even though she did not imagine her life to end up like this. Even though she did not expect her life to end up this way, she likes it, but has some trouble heading her way, she just doesn't realize it. Not only will she meet Peter Pan herself, but she will meet the legendary swordfighter, and she will help them succeed in their mission. The mission will be to get rid of Hook, once and for all. But Pan and the legendary girl can't come unless there is a reason for them too, and Hook already had that covered. In the end, Neverland is not as peaceful as she thinks.[Chapter 4] CHAPTER 4 The Chosen One ... Eve clashed her sword with another girl. Her light brown hair is wet and her green eyes are concentrating on her opponent, Cecile. Cecile is a friend of hers that she fences against daily. They are both two of the best fencers in their school and they have to keep that title. Cecile went to strike her from above, but Eve quickly reacted. She moved away and struck from behind. \"I win,\" Eve smirked. Cecile panted and took off her helmet. \"I can't win when I go up against you. You're too good, Eve.\" Eve bowed. \"Nationalists honor.\" The two shook hands and sat on the water bench while the coach was getting two boys ready to fence each other. Eve, also known as Evelyn, has loved fencing and martial arts for as long as she could remember. She has light brown hair, green eyes, peach skin, and a button nose. She stands at 5'3 and gets straight A's at school. Her best friend Cecile has blonde hair, brown eyes, peach skin, and is the same height as Eve. \"How's Wendy?\" Cecile questioned. She knows about Eve's whole family, and a few family friends, including Wendy and the Banning Family. All she can say is that after hearing about Peter, she thinks he needs to chill out a bit and spend some time with his family because his kids will grow up without a father. His kids may not even think of him as a father. Jack may be onto that path and it's sad to see a boy growing up without a father as a role model. \"She's great. Peter and the kids are visiting for Christmas break, like every year.\" Cecile scoffed. \"I'm surprised. Didn't you say Peter is a busy lawyer that is always working and on call?\" Eve took a sip of water from her water bottle. \"Yup, but he never misses coming to visit Wendy. Plus, Jack and my brother Alex are pretty close. They talk on the phone all the time.\" Alex is Eve's younger brother. He is ten years old, the same as Jack Banning. They became best friends because they both love and play the same sport, Baseball. The difference is Eve's dad goes to games and Peter doesn't. \"It's too bad I can't come over.\" \"I know, I wish you could,\" Eve sighed, thinking about her best friend and not seeing her for a week. The two are with each other a lot. It will be hard to not see each other for a week, but they will have to manage. \"My dad's coming, that's why I can't come. I don't want him there. I can't forgive him after what he did to my mom.\" Cecile's father cheated on her mother when she was younger and he left without supporting the two. Cecile went years not knowing who her father was and when she turned twelve, he came back into her life just like that. How he came back into her life, who knows? But he did and Cecile can't stand the sight of him and everything he has done. He never asked about her or called her and then came back into her life acting as if he raised her. She hated parents like that. \"Cecile, you're going to have to deal with him being there.\" Cecile sighed. She doesn't want to be around her father, especially for what he did when she was little. She can't stand it when he is around her. \"If it makes you feel any better, Jack and Maggie barely see their dad. Heck, I barely even to talk to the guy,\" Cecile smiled. \"Well, they have a dad. My dad doesn't really help my mom with anything.\" \"Does he keep promises?\" \"Yes, of course.\" \"Peter doesn't.\" Cecile frowned. \"This is going to be a problem.\" Just when she thought she had bad family drama, Eve told her that her father's friend, Peter, is too busy for anyone, even his own children. Because of it, her father and he don't talk anymore. Eve nodded in agreement. She turned her head and saw her mom in the doorway. \"Cecile, I have to go. My mom's here.\" Cecile hugged her best friend. \"Bye. Have a good Christmas break.\" Eve smiled, \"You too. Say hello to your mom for me, and be nice to your dad.\" \"Oh, come on.\" \"No exceptions.\" \"I'll try. I'm not promising anything.\" Cecile said, not wanting to see her father at all, but she has no choice. She has to see him. Eve hugged her friend, took her things and walked off to her mom. They silently walked out of the building and went into the car and drove off back to their house. People would describe them as upper-class because the neighborhood they live in has huge houses that are more modern, but they're at least one hundred years old. \"Peter and the kids are coming in two days,\" Cassidy, her mother, started the conversation. Eve looked up. \"Wait, what? I thought they were coming for Christmas break, like every year.\" \"They are coming up. Wendy's hospital is opening up and she wants them there.\" \"Oh right, I forgot.\" \"That's not the only reason. Peter, is always busy, so Moira called Wendy and me, saying they are coming up early. She wants Peter to relax and spend time with the family.\" Eve scoffed. \"No offense, mom, but the man is barely home. He doesn't see his family either.\" \"That's why Moira wants to come up early.\" \"Please, Peter will probably get calls and do taxes, like every year. Heck, I've known the man my whole life and I barely know him.\" \"Well, now you two can bond.\" \"What would I have in common with an old man?\" \"You'd be surprised.\" Eve stared at her mom. Her mom is right. A lot of people have stuff in common, more than they think. \"What would I talk to a man about?\" \"Think of something. Moira and I don't want it awkward this year.\" Eve silently groaned and slid into her seat. She didn't hate Peter, but she didn't like him that much either. The man was always busy. Being busy is good and it shows that you are a hard worker and like doing what you do, but he was busy all day. He never spent time with his wife or kids. Jack knew what was going on, but Maggie is six and is still too young to understand. Her mom, Emily pulled up into the driveway and turned off the car. They walked into the house to see Alex on the couch laughing and talking on the phone. \"Alex, who are you talking too?\" Eve questioned, sitting next to her younger brother. \"I'm talking to, Jack...Oh no, Jack, it's, Eve...He says hi,\" Alex turned to his sister. \"Hi, Jack!\" Eve said cheerfully, giving a wave. \"He says he can't wait to see you.\" \"Aw, I can't wait to see him either. How's Maggie?\" \"She asked how Maggie is...He said she's in a play. It's Peter Pan, and she's the lead role.\" Eve smiled. \"Well, I have things to do. Later you two.\" With that, she walked upstairs, took a shower and got into her pajamas. She sat on her bed, opened up her laptop and started to watch YouTube Guru's when she got a text message. She looked at her phone and saw that it was an unknown number. She looked at the text and it read, \" You are the chosen one.\" Eve stared at it, thinking it was a prank. \" What kind of joke is this?\" She texted. The person answered right away. \"Why would this be a joke?\" She gasped and dropped her phone. Whoever this person was, they're scaring her. \" Who is this?\" She questioned. \" You'll see very soon.\" Eve is now scared. She figured it was some kid joking around. She kept looking at the messages. It was scary to her, but it meant nothing. Or did it? What did the person mean by the chosen one? How did they get her number? She decided to forget about it. She thinks that it is just a joke and that someone is pranking her. But if they were pranking her, wouldn't they call her instead? \"Eve, dinner!\" Cassidy shouted from downstairs. \"Coming mom,\" Eve closed her laptop and took one last look at her cell phone, and then walked out of her room, forgetting about the mysterious texts that she got. At the dinner table are meatloaf and vegetables. Eve licked her lips and smiled. She always looked forward to meals in her home because her mother is a great cook. She doesn't think that there is a meal her mom makes that she doesn't enjoy, which says a lot. It shows that her mother can cook. As the four were eating, Cassidy began to talk again. \"Alex, Eve, do you two remember what I told you about, Peter?\" \"Yes, mom,\" They both replied. Eve and Alex don't hate Peter, they just don't know him. Plus, they don't exactly like how he kind of just blows off his kids, especially Jack. Peter always has time for Maggie, but never his own son, and it creates problems. Maggie has also noticed because according to Cassidy, Maggie doesn't want her dad to see her school play because the very next day, it's Jack's baseball game, the last one of the season. Maggie wants Peter to enjoy Jack's game and see how good he is, but he always does badly at his last game because his father promises to come and he never does. It's all Jack thinks about which causes him to do bad. \"You said that they are coming up early and to bond with him,\" Eve repeated her mother's words. Cassidy frowned. \"I am very serious about this. Moira and the kids are losing a father and a husband. He's too busy, and we have to bond with him more.\" \"How can we, mom?\" Alex raised his light brown eyebrow. \"He barely talks to us. He's always busy with work, even up here when he's far away from America.\" \"Just try, please.\" \"He wasn't always this busy,\" George, the father stepped in. \"It happened when Maggie was born.\" \"So, he was never busy?\" Eve raised her left eyebrow as she took a sip of her soda. She doesn't believe it. Peter is too busy for anyone, even his own kids. \"He was, just not as much as he is now. Please, I've been friends with the man for a long time. Heck, we grew up together. Moira and he decided to move to America. I barely hear from him. I don't know him anymore,\" George took a bite of his meatloaf. Alex sighed. \"All right, fine. I'll talk to him, but I'm not telling him about my personal life.\" \"No one said you had too,\" Cassidy turned to her youngest. \"I don't mean it like that. I mean school and that type of stuff.\" \"Alex, it's not like he'll have time to hear what we have to say. He'll be on call,\" Eve snorted and her brother snickered. \"If you are going to bond with him, he will need to know that type of stuff,\" Cassidy pointed out. \"He will ask,\" George added. \"Will he care?\" Eve asked. George shot his daughter a look. \"Why wouldn't he care?\" \"Because every time he's somewhere or someone is telling him something, he gets a call from work and leaves.\" \"It isn't entirely his fault,\" George defended his friend. Peter is a very good lawyer, and if there is one thing that he knows about Americans, it's that they are very hard working people, which is why the majority of them make a good amount of money and have a good living. However, parents still make time for their kids, and that is something that Peter has to work on because if he doesn't, his kids will grow up without him. \"It kind of is, George,\" his wife turned to him. \"Peter could call in sick, or he could take a vacation. I don't think he's ever done any of those things.\" \"I know, Cassidy. It's just that even if I tried to talk to him about it, he wouldn't do anything. I'm pretty sure that his wife has discussed it with him.\" \"That's what happens when you're really good at your job.\" Alex sighed, taking a bite out of his food. Cassidy looked at her family. \"Maybe this time he won't have phone calls from work. Wendy told me that she is making some new rules.\" \"What type of rules?\" Eve questioned, with some interest in her eyes. This should be interesting. \"It's not really my place to tell. She didn't tell me. But I think it was to do with Peter working so much.\" If Wendy didn't tell Moira about the rules, then that means that she wants everyone to be at her place so that she can announce the new rules that are being made. Maybe this Christmas won't be so bad after all, especially if Peter has to listen to the rules, which means that he can't take calls from work. Jack and Maggie will get to know their father, George will have his childhood friend back, and Eve and Alex will get to know the man for the first time in their lives. \"It's about time a change happened,\" Alex said. \"Maybe this time while we're all telling stories, he won't have to pay taxes, bills, or take calls.\" \"That's why Moira is coming up early. Also because Wendy is opening up a hospital for orphans,\" George reminded. \"Kids, even though Peter will most likely be busy with bills and his job, please talk to him. At least get to know him a little more.\" \"Fine.\" It's not that Eve and Alex don't want to talk to Peter, they know he won't have time to listen because he's so busy all the time. Not just that, he doesn't even have time for his wife and kids. So if he doesn't have time for his wife and kids, why would he have time for them? If he really did want to know them, he would make an effort, right? Later on that night, Eve was getting ready for bed. She couldn't stop thinking about a lot of things. First was about Peter and her mom's bonding speech. The second things were the text messages she got. She's hoping that it was a prank. She worries a lot, but the messages didn't make any sense to her. What did the person mean by the chosen one? Eve turned off her lamp light and fell asleep with all those thoughts and questions in her head, not knowing what the unknown person meant by those messages. ... The next day in America, the Banning family were at Maggie and Jack's school, watching Maggie's play. Her play is about the famous story about never growing up, Peter Pan. She is the lead role, Wendy. She's been talking about the play for months, and it's finally happening. She couldn't stop running around school or home all day because she is so excited to be Wendy. It reminds her of her grandma Wendy and all of the stories she has been told. Wendy told her how she lived in Neverland at one time and met Peter, even though most people forget once they leave, but for some reason she never did. Now Maggie gets to experience being her grandma. A boy playing Peter Pan, maybe in the third or fourth grade was sitting on the floor, crying. The setting showed a bedroom at night time similar to the book. \"Little boy, why are you crying?\" Maggie asked the boy that was pretending to be Peter Pan. The boy sprung up, seeing that he woke Maggie up. \"I was crying because I couldn't get my shadow to stick. Besides, I wasn't crying.\" \"I shall sew it on for you my little man. It may hurt a little,\" Maggie volunteered. She picked up a needle and began sewing the boys shadow to him, but he flinched a few times. The boy smiled at her, \"What's your name?\" \"My name is Wendy Moira Angela Darling. What's yours?\" \"Why, I'm Peter Pan!\" \"Oh, she's just wonderful,\" Moira whispered to her husband Peter, and son, Jack. \"Yeah, she's stealing the show,\" Jack added. He's enjoying his sister's play, but he is also excited because in a few days it will be Christmas break, and he will get to see, Alex and Eve, the two that always support him and love being around him. Eve isn't an adult, but at times, Eve treats him like she is his parent, and Jack in a way looks up to Eve, but he will never admit it. \"She's great,\" Peter agreed. \"I think it is very sweet of you. I shall give you a kiss if you'd like,\" Maggie was heard from her family on the stage. The boy smiled and held out his hand. \"Don't you know what a kiss is, Peter Pan?\" \"I shall when you give one to me.\" The crowd laughed. Maggie handed the boy a gold, bullet-like object. The boy took it and looked at her, \"Now I shall give you a kiss.\"Some people laughed while the rest awed when Maggie stood on a chair with her lips puckered up. The boy handed Maggie back the kiss she gave him. Jack was silently laughing to himself. He thought his sister was doing great. The boy faced the audience, \"I don't ever want to become a man. Yuck!\" This got everyone laughing. Then the chorus started singing when Peter's phone rang. Moira and Jack gave Peter disappointed faces. They couldn't believe that he was getting a call during Maggie's play. Though they shouldn't be surprised, he was always getting calls. \"Hello? Yes, I'm at my daughter's play,\" Peter sunk into his seat a little bit. \"I can't. I am going on a plane to England with my family tomorrow. Wendy is opening up her own hospital and Moira wants us to go early.\" Jack and Moira were watching the play as Peter answered his boss's questions, \"She's opening up a children's hospital for orphaned children.\" Moira and Jack kept glancing at Peter. \"All right, I'll be there at 9 A.M.\" Jack turned to his father as Moira sighed and rested her hand on her forehead. \"Dad, my baseball game. You promised.\" Peter talked into the phone. \"Look, it's my son's big and final game,\" he then turned to his son and whispered, \"My word is my bond.\" Jack turned away from his father and had an annoyed look on his face. He kind of doubted his father coming. He didn't keep his promises as much as he used too. He looked down at his Baseball and glove that he brought with him. He wasn't sure that his father was going to show up, but he hoped the man would. ... The next day came to be Jack's big game. His team is up and Jack didn't see his father. His mom and sister were sitting in the bleachers. They got three strikes, so they switched teams. The crowd was cheering and he heard his mom and sister cheering for him. Jack ran over to the outer field and crouched, waiting for the other team to hit. Jack glanced every few seconds or so to see if Peter showed up, but the man didn't, making Jack sulk, even more, every time he saw that his father wasn't showing. Moira sighed, not seeing her husband. \"Where's your father?\" Maggie stuffed her hotdog in her mouth, \"He said he'd be here. He promised.\" \"But he isn't here sweetheart,\" Moira sighed. She knew her husband wouldn't make the game. ... Back at Peter's job, he was asking one of his workers to go and tape his son's game for him. He knew he was most likely not going to make it, but he had to work or else he would be fired. Breaking his promise wasn't what he wanted, and he feels guilty for it, but it is what it is. ' They'll understand. Won't they?' He kind of doubted his question. He knew his son would be mad at him. A bunch of lawyers stayed behind him chatting away with one another while he was thinking of two things, Wendy's hospital and his son's last game. ... On a pirate ship at the shore of a beautiful, blue ocean, a man with long, black, curly hair in a red shirt is looking through a huge telescope, looking out at the sky and thinking his plan over and over to himself. He was interrupted when a man with gray hair called his name. He turned around in anger, \"Smee, don't you see that I am busy?\" \"Sorry, Captain, but I have news about Peter Pan.\" Captain Hook looked up at his assistant with some interest. \"Really? And what's that?\" \"Well, his son, Jack has a baseball game going on right now, and Peter didn't show up, as usual.\" Hook laughed. \"Well, it seems like he doesn't keep his promises. Not that he ever did.\" \"Now what, Captain? Should we take the kiddies now?\" Hook shook his head. \"Remember what you told me? You went to the real world and found out that the legendary sword fighter lives in England. The families see each other for Christmas, every year. We'll strike then.\" Smee nodded his head in agreement. \"All right, Captain. You're the boss,\" and with that, he walked out of the Captain's room. Hook smirked to himself and let out a chuckle as the turned around and looked out of the telescope again. This will be the best Christmas ever! My Christmas present will be killing, Pan! I'll finally get my revenge, not to mention that I have a deal to settle with Miss. Evelyn Sanders. This will be an interesting Holiday. Pan won't know what hit him. ... Back at the game, Moira was still wondering where her husband was when the person at bat hit the ball. Jack moved backward and stuck out his glove, and caught it. This caused the other team to have three strikes and for Jack's team to be up at bat. In the audience, the people were cheering. A man walked up to Moira, \"Which is your son?\" He hollered over the cheering people. \"The one over there.\" \"Thank you!\" The man started taping the game. Moira carried a look of annoyance. She knew Peter wouldn't make it. Jack was looking all around and saw a man taping the game. His dad broke the promise. He turned to his coach. \"Jack, don't look at me! Look ahead!\" His coach ordered. Jack turned around, trying not to cry. With his teammates cheering him on and the other team shaking their heads, he missed the ball and got a strike because he couldn't stop thinking about the promise his dad broke. His coach and teammates knew why he wasn't on his game today, his father broke another promise and it hurt them to see Jack like that. The other team was chanting a song about their team since they won. Jack walked off to his mom and sister. \"Oh, honey, I'm so sorry your father didn't keep his word.\" Jack was sulking. \"Can we just go home?\" Moira frowned and the trio walked off as the man from the office left in his own car. \"Why didn't daddy make it, mom?\" Maggie asked. \"Because he's too busy. That's what,\" Jack answered for his sister. \"I'm sorry, Jack,\" Maggie went to hug him, but he moved away from her and got into the van. \"Don't worry about, Jack, honey, he's just upset.\" \"Is he upset with me?\" Maggie frowned. She knew that Peter would never show up, which is why she didn't want him coming to her play because she knew that he wouldn't show up for Jack's baseball games. He has never shown up for any of them, and it makes Jack upset which causes his team to do badly during their last game. Jack isn't a bad player, he is great but when Peter doesn't show up, it jeopardizes the team because Jack loses focus. \"No, sweetheart, he's upset that your dad didn't show up as he promised.\" Maggie nodded and hopped into the car and Moira drove off, more annoyed with Peter than she's ever been. A few hours after the game, Peter got out of his own car and saw that the field was empty. He knew that the game lasted hours ago and that he didn't keep his promise. \"Uh oh, I'm in trouble now.\" He scolded himself and scratched the back of his head. And with that, he got back into his car and drove home. When he entered his house, he was expecting Jack and Maggie to run up to him, but they were nowhere to be seen. Instead, he saw his wife. \"Peter Banning,\" her voice sounded agitated and hoarse. She walked over to him. \"Let's have a little talk.\" He gulped, knowing that he's really in for it now. \"Right now?\" \"Yes, right now!\" \"I was busy.\" \"And as always, you broke your promise!\" Moira scolded, raising her voice. \"Let's go upstairs and talk, right now!\" \"Alright, dear,\" he sighed, hearing the annoyance and anger in her voice. He followed his wife up the stairs as he heard Maggie and Jack in the boy's bedroom. Maggie's trying to make him feel better, but Jack keeps telling her to go away. She eventually gave up, and went into her own room, not noticing her parents. The two adults entered their room, and as Moira closed the door, she glared at Peter, who stood there with agitation on his face. Not only are his wife and only son angry with him, but so are the Sanders and the rest of Moria's family. This is going to be a long Christmas break, at least for him. ... The next day consisted of the Sander's getting ready to meet the Banning Family. The Banning's are at the airport, on the line for security. After twenty minutes of waiting, they reached the top of the line. \"Alright you two,\" Moira turned to her kids; \"You know the drill, take off your shoes and put your things in the bins.\" \"Mommy, how do the cops know if someone has a weapon in their bag?\" \"Those scanners are like metal detectors. That's why you don't put anything metal in there, and never put a weapon. The scanners detect everything.\" When they were done going through the scanners, they went down a hallway and onto a monorail to the plane. \"Hey mom, they have these at Disneyland,\" Maggie said with glee. \"Yes, they do honey.\" She turned to Jack who sat there. He hasn't said anything since yesterday morning. \"Jack, sweetheart, say something.\" The ten-year-old crossed his arms and kept his baseball and glove in his hands. Peter frowned when Moira gave him a look. Peter scratched the back of his head. Not only is his son angry with him, but his wife is also. ... It is the next day. Eve and Alex's mom told them that the Banning's would be in England in the afternoon. She ordered them to dress nice, but not too nice to the point where they looked fancy. Every year for Christmas, they go out to a fancy, expensive restaurant, all together to catch up. Well, everyone but Peter. Eve was in her room, trying to put an outfit together when she heard her brother's voice. \"Eve!\" Alex shouted from the hallway. \"What is it, Alex?\" \"I need help,\" he poked his head into her room. \"I can't choose which sweater I should wear.\" Eve looked at her brother. He never really did this, but since their mother insisted that they dress nicely, he would get advice from his sister. \"All right, what are the choices?\" Alex held up a black and navy one, \"These are the two I can't choose from.\" \"What are you wearing with it?\" \"I am wearing black jeans and a light blue collared dress shirt.\" \"Wear the navy sweater. The black is nice, but you don't want the outfit to be too dark. It would be too fancy. The navy and the light blue will look nice.\" Alex smiled. \"Thanks, sis, I can always count on you for fashion,\" then he closed the door. Eve turned around and looked through her closet. She has a dresser, but it had her undergarments and other things. It's a small dresser anyways. She rummaged around and decided that a skater skirt would be great to wear, even though it's forty degrees out. She pulled out a maroon skater skirt and put it on her bed. She looked through her collared shirts and picked out a white dress shirt and put it next to the skirt. She pulled out a gray, knitted sweater and gray knitted tights. She went into the bathroom and put on mascara. When she came out, she found her cherry red Doc Martens and kept them by her bed. She went to the window and looked at the sky. It is cloudy and cold. She hopes the Banning's get to England safely. ... \"Good afternoon, ladies and gentleman, it's your captain again,\" the pilot began as the plane started shifting a little bit. Some people were trying to eat, but since the plane was moving around a little bit, it is harder for them to eat. Moira is sitting next to Jack who keeps touching everything. She is trying to stop him. \"Sorry for this rough ride and minor turbulence. Don't have it disturb you. For now, please try and enjoy the ride, thank you.\" Peter had a tight grip on his chair handles. He hated movement like this when he was high up in the air. Maggie is next to him, waking up from her nap because of the plane. After about an hour, Peter is finishing up the last of his taxes when Maggie walked up to him, \"Look what Jack drew!\" She held the paper near his face. Peter looked at the drawing. It showed the airplane on fire and everyone put one person with a parachute. At the bottom were the ocean and a shark. \"That's very nice, dear. What's that?\" \"Fire.\" Peter sighed. \"Fire, really?\" \"Yup.\" \"Who are all these people wearing the parachutes?\" Maggie started to point, \"That's me, that's mommy, that's Jack.\" Then she pointed to the person with no parachute, \"And that's you!\" Jack is listening with his arms crossed. \"Really Jack? Was that necessary?\" \"He doesn't deserve a parachute,\" he answered his mom. Moira turned around to face Peter. \"I won't make it to my next birthday.\" \"Well, you aren't going to die without your phone and fax machine.\" \"I've got them in my briefcase. I'm halfway there.\" \"Go talk to him,\" Moira nodded her head toward Jack. \"Mommy, are we almost there?\" Maggie was looking out the window. \"Yes, dear. Only a few more hours.\" Moira answered her daughter's question, like every year. Peter and Moira switched seats. Peter sat down and saw that Jack is throwing his baseball up in the air. It is hitting compartment box above, \"Jack, why didn't you draw me a parachute?\" \"Take a wild guess,\" He kept throwing his baseball up in the air. \"Jackie,\" \"Jack,\" the boy corrected. He's tired of his father lying to him and breaking his promises. He sometimes wished that he could have a different dad. When he sees other boys with their fathers, it gets him jealous because he wishes his dad would pay attention to him. \"Stop throwing your ball. You'll break a window.\" Jack tapped the baseball against the window. \"It's double layered. It can't break.\" People were starting to stare at the two. Moira sighed and shook her head. \"Give me it.\" \"You're afraid you'll get sucked out.\" \"No, I'm not afraid.\" \"Yes, you are.\" \"Jack, I promise, next year I'll come to six games.\" Jack was looking out the window. \"Don't forget your videotape,\" he trembled, but he kept his tears from falling. He doesn't think that it is worth crying over because his dad always broke his promises to him but never to Maggie. \"My word is my bond, remember?\" Jack threw the baseball up again, \"Your junk bond!\" The baseball hit the compartment above and the things inside fell on Peter. Some people stared at what was going on but went back to what they were doing, not even bothering to get involved. \"What's the matter with you? When are you going to stop acting like a child?\" \"When you go to my games. You know, it seems like you prefer Maggie.\" \"I never said that!\" \"You went to her play. It's probably more important anyway,\" Jack isn't mad at his sister. He is trying to get through his dad. He is trying to say that you can't keep a promise to one kid and not the other. Unfortunately, Maggie heard what he said and so did the others around them, which caused Maggie to sulk and for a few people to whisper about Peter. Peter stared at his son. \"Jack, I never said that.\" Jack crossed his arms and turned to the window, ignoring his dad. Peter sighed and Moira switched seats with him again. \"Dad, is Jack still mad?\" \"Yes dear, he is.\" Maggie got up and looked at Jack. \"Jack, please, forgive dad.\" Jack turned to his little sister. \"Not right now.\" \"Are you mad at me too?\" \"No, of course not. Don't think that.\" Maggie smiled and sat back down. Peter, on the other hand, sighed and leaned back into his seat. His vacation wasn't going to end well, or will it? ... Eve was putting on the last of her outfit; her shoes. She was going to accessorize but decided not to. She didn't want to look too fancy. Plus, the skirt and the collared shirt already gave her outfit a more put together look. She combed her hair and curled it. When she was done, she heard her mother from the staircase. \"Eve, they'll be here in five minutes!\" \"I'm done, mom. Hold on!\" Eve grabbed a small handbag, putting her cell phone and headphones in it. She looked at her outfit in the mirror and smiled. Her white, flowered socks made the outfit pop out more. Because of her tights and socks, her Docs felt a little tight, but that was okay. She walked down the stairs and saw her dad fixing his tie. He looked up and smiled. \"Oh, hi Eve. You look nice.\" \"Thank you, dad, you too.\" She could tell her dad wasn't happy about seeing Peter. She couldn't blame him. She turned and saw her brother sitting in the living room. He looked good. It wasn't a surprise though. They went out to dinner every year for Christmas. Alex looked up and smiled. \"Hey, you ready?\" \"Yup. I'm ready. Let's go.\" The Sanders got their coats and walked next door to Wendy's house to wait for the Banning's. A van pulled up to Wendy's house ten minutes later. The Banning's got out and Jack and Maggie began to run around and play in the snow. \"It's been a year, and it's been twenty years since you've had fun, Peter. Let's have fun. London is a magical place.\" \"So you tell me,\" Peter mumbled. He observed Jack and Maggie throwing snow at each other. \"Jack, Maggie, stop and get over here,\" Peter ordered and looked at the both of them. \"Jack, take that gum out of your mouth.\" Jack spit it on the concrete. Peter stared at him in disgust. \"What, you said to spit it out.\" \"Why not in the bushes?\" \"I didn't feel like it.\" Moira sighed while Maggie was smiling like she always does. \"Remember what your mother and I tell you every year. Look presentable. Make sure your shirt is tucked in Jack. This place is very proper, lots of manners.\" \"Mommy, is Grandma Wendy the real Wendy in my play?\" \"No, not really,\" Peter answered as Moira responded with, \"Sort of.\" She shot a glare at Peter. \"You might not have an imagination Peter, but don't ruin hers.\" Peter knocked on the door and Tootles answered. \"It's snowing!\" He slammed the door in their faces. The kids laughed. \"Oh yeah, dad, this place is full of manners!\" Jack snorted, retrieving a look from his father. That was when a woman came to the door. \"Hello everyone!\" \"Hi, Linda, Lisa,\" Peter kept guessing, causing Moira and Jack to roll their eyes. Of course, he would forget her name, he does every year (and he is too busy to care). \"Liza,\" the lady corrected Peter. \"Liza! Hi. I forget your name every year,\" Peter chuckled in embarrassment. \"Well, that's because you're so busy! Come on in! The others are waiting.\" The four stepped into the house and saw Wendy, Tootles, and the Sanders' in the living room. \"Jack!\" Alex stood up and ran over to him. He gave him a hug. Jack smiled and returned the hug. \"Alex! It's so nice to see you.\" Maggie ran up to Eve. \"Hi, Eve!\" Eve laughed and picked up the girl. \"Hey, Mags, you got big!\" \"Everyone tells me,\" Maggie smiled and Eve saw her big teeth in. \"Wow, you've got some adult teeth.\" \"Yup. Mom says when I lose my next one; the tooth fairy will come again and give me money.\" \"Well, you better lose it fast then,\" Eve smiled. Jack came up to her.\"Hi Eve,\" He gave her a hug and she returned it. \"Hi Jack, you got big too.\" \"Everyone tells me,\" He said the same thing Maggie did. Eve laughed. Moira, Cassidy, and Wendy were talking and George was sitting on the sofa, drinking a cup of water. Peter was standing, looking at the kids and adults but Tootles who is on the floor looking for something, awkwardly as they were all catching up with each other. He felt awkward and kept guilt hit him, seeing that he has missed out on a lot and even though it will be hard to make up lost time, he is going to have to make it up to everyone here, somehow. He turned his attention to Tootles and stared at the older man, who is on the floor, looking for something. \"Why are you on the floor?\" Peter raised a brow at Tootles, getting everyone's attention. The elder turned to him. \"I lost my marbles.\" \"Your marbles?\" Peter's eyebrow was still up. Everyone turned to them. \"Yes, I lost my marbles.\" \"Since when did Uncle Tootles have marbles?\" Jack asked. \"Yes, dear, when did you have your marbles?\" Wendy questioned. \"I don't remember. I was just sitting and remembered that I had marbles. I don't know where I put them.\" Everyone just stared at him. \"He's losing his mind,\" Maggie shook her head. \"Maybe he did have marbles,\" Eve defended. \"Yeah, a long time ago,\" Alex pointed out. \"All right everyone, let's go to the restaurant now. Tomorrow, Peter, Moira, Cassidy, and George will come with me to the hospital. The kids will stay here,\" Wendy announced. They exited the house. \"Hey mom, can Alex and Eve ride with us?\" Jack asked. \"It's up to their parents.\" \"Oh, sure!\" Cassidy smiled. \"Plus, it's one less car to bring.\" Moira nodded. \"All right. Eve, Alex, come in with us.\" The two got into the car with the Banning family as Cassidy and George went with Wendy, Liza, and Tootles. At the restaurant, everyone was talking and laughing. The adults were on one end while the kids were at the other. Everyone was eating when Eve noticed that Jack sat there, with a sad expression. She turned to him. \"Jack, why are you so down?\" \"Dad promised to go to my game, but he didn't make it.\" Eve scowled. She wasn't all that surprising though. \"I'm sorry.\" \"It's fine.\" \"No, it isn't. If you want, tomorrow, I can play with, Alex, and you.\" Jack smiled. \"You'd do that?\" \"Of course!\" Since Peter won't act like a father and play with his kids, Eve will be happy to do it. She loves playing with Jack either way. She thinks of him as part of her family, but treats him like a brother and sometimes, her son because Peter barley acknowledges him like one. Jack hugged her, \"Thanks, Eve!\" Maggie looked at. Eve.\"Hey, Eve, did you hear about my play?\" \"Yes, I did. I heard you played Wendy.\" \"Yup, I did. My dad says that Grandma Wendy isn't the Wendy from Peter Pan.\" Eve snorted. She figured he'd say that. That's when she realized something. She found it strange that Wendy Darling has the same name as Wendy in Peter Pan. She also thought it was weird that Tootles and Peter's names were also in the story. Also, Moira's name comes from Wendy. But that doesn't make any sense! She thought to herself. What if the stories Wendy tells me are true? No, they can't be. But how come the closest people I know have names to the characters in Peter Pan? And why does someone I don't know keep texting me, saying that I am the chosen one? There has to be some connection with the texts, my friends, and my family. She turned to her brother, \"Alex, don't you think it's weird that Moira, Wendy, Peter, and Tootles all have names from Peter Pan?\" Alex stopped eating his spaghetti and looked at his sister. \"No,\" Was all he responded with. He had a look of concern on his face. \"No, I mean it, Alex. Wendy's full name is the same as the Wendy in Peter Pan. Peter Banning's first name is the same. Moira's name comes from Wendy's middle name, and Tootles' name comes from the lost boy.\" He looked at her. \"That does make sense. It is weird, isn't it?\" \"I don't know Alex, but Wendy said she's been there.\" \"So?\" \"So, what if she's Wendy?\" Alex snickered. \"Wow. You don't believe in anything, but you believe in that?\" She glared at her brother. He just doesn't get it. Everyone that is super close to them has the names of those in Neverland, and Wendy says she has been there, even though in the story no one is supposed to remember Neverland if they leave. But it makes sense because Peter doesn't remember his childhood. Whenever Eve or Alex asked, all he said was that he does not remember. He remembers Wendy, Tootles, and George. Eve always thought that it was weird, and what she was thinking a moment ago makes sense. \"Look, sis,\" Alex caught Eve's glare, \"maybe it's just a coincidence. It is weird, but that type of stuff doesn't exist.\" Eve then felt her handbag vibrate. She took out her phone and saw that she got a message from the unknown number, again. \"You're right, Eve. The people you mentioned do have the names from the fairytale. People don't realize that the story is true!\" Eve turned around and examined the room. Nothing looked out of the ordinary. People were eating and laughing. Most of the people here were high class, some were middle class, and a few were lower. She turned back to look at the screen of her phone and texted, \"Who are you? And how did you know I talked about that? How do you know my name?\" At first, she thought that some person was pranking her, but they know her name and they know what she was thinking and what she asked her brother. She has the feeling that something is going to happen real soon, and she does not know if she will be able to do anything about it. \"You'll find out soon enough. He'll be coming.\" Eve stared at her phone, confused. \"Who will be coming?\" The person didn't answer, but whoever they were was making Eve think that everything she asked her brother was true. It scared her that this person knew who she was. What if they were stalking her? And if they were, how did they get her number? What if they were a pedophile playing mind tricks on her so that they could snatch her up? People are vulnerable to technology, the naive will meet anyone. Child predators will go after anyone who falls for their charm; Eve isn't one of those girls. She knew better. If it continues, she will speak to her mother. After about an hour and a half of eating, they all went back to Wendy's house. Eve was looking at the messages from the unknown person. She wanted to know who it was, and how they knew her name. She wants to figure out how they know what she says and what they meant by he's coming.[Chapter 5] CHAPTER 5 Where Have All The Children Gone? ... It's the next day and everyone resided at Wendy's house. The adults are dressed up and are getting ready to leave for the opening ceremony of the new hospital that Wendy opened. The children are huddled together, watching the two couples and the elder get their coats, gloves, hats, and shoes on. The kids are happy that Wendy is opening up a hospital to help others, but they are quite shocked that Peter is helping open up the place since he is always busy. \"When will you be back, Wendy?\" Alex questioned. \"Oh sweetheart, the ceremony for my hospital will only last a few hours. Liza and Tootles will be here.\" \"Hey mom, dad, can Alex and Eve sleepover with us?\" Maggie asked. \"Yeah, can they?\" The four parents looked at each other and nodded. \"All right,\" Cassidy turned to the four, \"they can sleep over. Eve, Alex, shower and then come back with your pajamas.\" \"All right, mom,\" the two obeyed. \"Now, how about when we get back, we'll wake you up if you're sleeping and toast s'mores?\" Wendy suggested. \"Awesome!\" Jack smiled. \"Yay!\" Maggie squealed. Their five seconds of joy was ruined when Peter's work phone rang. The others stared at him in disbelief as he answered it. \"Hello?\" The kids just stared at him in shock as he answered the call. He is here to enjoy Christmas and help Wendy open up her new hospital, and he is taking a call. The adults rolled their eyes. Moira took his phone and put it in her purse. \"Hey, I was taking that call.\" \"Peter, this is our vacation; speaking of which, Wendy made some new rules,\" Moira then turned to Wendy. \"Here are the rules: everyone will have fun and there is no more work,\" Wendy turned to Peter. \"That means you, boy.\" Peter chuckled, embarrassed. \"Oh, all right. I'm one the best lawyers in America.\" \"I hear Harrison's better,\" Eve whispered to Jack, Maggie, and her brother. \"Harrison and our dad compete all the time,\" Jack shrugged. \"All right, we will be on our way,\" Moira turned to the children. \"Be on your best behavior.\" \"Oh Moira, dear, they are all great kids,\" Wendy winked at them. The four smiled innocently. And with that, the five adults left, leaving the kids, Tootles, and Liza, the housekeeper all alone. Alex and Eve went back to their house, which I right next door, and showered in their own bathrooms. They got into their pajamas and brought a change of clothes with them and other necessities. Eve was deciding what to bring with her. She doesn't think that they will be doing something tomorrow, and if they are, she wants to be cute but comfortable. She decided on a pair of black leggings. They made her look extra toned. She is a size four in pants. She would be a two, but muscle weighs more than fat. She then took out a long sleeve, light denim shirt, and a navy, knitted sweater. She took out a necklace, crew socks, and her old brown, Steve Madden combat boots. She put them in a bag and made her way over to Wendy's house. \"Hey, Eve, I need to ask you something,\" her brother caught up with her. \"What is it?\" She took a step onto Wendy's front porch. \"I know you're going to yell at me at looking at your phone—\" \"You went through my phone?\" She gasped and raised her voice at the same time. \"No, at the restaurant you had it out. I took a peek and saw that someone said the Peter Pan story is true and that this man is coming. Who was it? And how did they get your number?\" \"I don't know, Alex. I wish I knew. They said that I am the chosen one. At first, I thought it was just someone pranking me, but if they were, they would have called me. Not just that, they said my name. They know who I am. \" \"What does \"You're the chosen one\" mean?\" \"I don't know, but it's scaring me.\" \"I hate to say it, but I think you were right about the stories being true. The story says a legendary sword fighter will go to Neverland—\" \"I know the story, Alex.\" \"But you look like the girl. And all of our names are in the story,\" Alex added. \"I have never seen a picture of her, but something is going on, and we have to get to the bottom of it. Besides, Mom and dad love that story. That's why they named us Eve and Alex,\" Eve stated. \"If anything, they must have seen a resemblance between the legendary swordfighter and me.\" \"But all of our names are in the story,\" Alex finished. Eve knew that it isn't just a coincidence. Something will happen, she just doesn't know what will happen, and when. \"What if they know where we live? What if they're a stalker or a pedophile?\" She changed the subject. Alex sighed. \"We have to tell mom and dad.\" For a ten-year-old, her brother was very mature. \"Not right now, okay? Right now, everyone is on Christmas vacation. I don't want to get them worried.\" Her brother nodded, understanding what she was saying and agreeing with her. \"You're right, we should wait. I'm sorry I looked at the messages.\" \"It's fine. I just hope nothing bad will happen.\" The two walked back into Wendy's house and saw Jack and Maggie with Liza in the living room. She was telling them a story. Jack and Maggie laughed. \"The best part is that they were right there in front of me!\" Liza was laughing harder than them. \"Is everything okay?\" Alex asked, causing the three to turn to him. Liza stood up. \"Alex, Eve! Join us! I was just telling them the story when I saw a man and thought he was Tootles.\" The Sander siblings chuckled. \"You've told us, Liza,\" Eve smiled. \"Yeah, it never gets old.\" Liza smiled. \"Well, it's nine. You guys can play and then get to bed.\" \"Oh Liza, it's vacation!\" Alex whined. \"Yes, but those are the rules.\" The four groaned. \"Hey Eve, will you tell us a bedtime story before we go to sleep?\" Jack asked. \"Sure,\" The teen girl smiled. ... The four adults were with Wendy, ready to open the children's hospital. After five years, it's finally ready. Moira was driving with Wendy next to her. Cassidy and Peter were at the windows in the back, leaving George in between them. It was silent. Peter looked out the window and the conversation with him and his wife kept repeating in his head. She talked to him privately before the kids woke up early for the plane trip to England. \"Peter, wake up.\" Peter groaned. He turned to his wife and looked at the clock. \"Moira, its three in the morning.\" \"I know. I need to talk to you. If we don't talk now, I'll never get too.\" Peter sat up in his bed and turned on his nightstand lamp. \"What is it?\" He saw his wife wearing her purple, silk pajamas. He, on the other hand, was wearing sweats and a shirt. \"It's about Jack's game.\" \"You already told me this when I got home, dear.\" \"It's not all about that, Peter!\" Moira's voice raised a little. \"I'm annoyed with you, I told you that. But Jack was devastated. His team didn't win because he was too busy looking for you to show up. Peter, he looked ready to cry.\" Peter stared at his wife. \"I never knew that. I'm sorry, I really am.\" \"Don't apologize to me Peter, but to our son. You never keep his promises, you only keep Maggie's. I think Maggie is starting to notice because she wasn't going to invite you to her play.\" \"Why?\" Peter was shocked. \"Because she knew that you wouldn't show up for his game. She wanted you to show up to Jack's games and other activities, just once. It's not just about our kids Peter, it's about the Sander's also.\" \"What about them?\" \"George never hears from you anymore. Every time he called, I had to tell him you were busy. He eventually stopped calling. He stopped calling three years ago, Peter. Come on, the man barely talks to you.\" Peter didn't notice that his best friend stopped talking to him until his wife pointed it out. \"He has, hasn't he?\" \"Peter, do you care? It seems like you don't. You've known him your whole life, don't throw that away. Did you know that Alex plays Baseball and that Eve is a fencer and a Martial Artist?\" \"A what?\" Peter raised a brow. \"What's fencing?\" \"Oh my goodness, Peter!\" Moira yelled. \"You really don't know. George would tell you on the phone all the time. Did you listen?\" \"I was too busy with work.\" His wife gave him a hard, icy, glare. He shivered, knowing that he hit a nerve. \"Listen here Peter, you better talk to everyone, and you better not be on call. You're going to play with your kids and bond with Alex and Eve. Most importantly, you are going to fix your relationship with George, got it?\" He nodded. \"I understand, but I don't think George will want to talk to me.\" \"Too bad, you're going to fix your relationship. Do you understand me?\" \"Yes, Moira,\" he gulped. What they didn't know is that their arguing woke up Jack and Maggie, who decided to go to the door and listen. Jack turned to his sister. \"Maggie, did you really do that for me?\" Maggie nodded. \"I kind of had an idea he wouldn't show up. If he wasn't going to show up for your game, I didn't want him showing up for my play. It isn't fair. He never shows up to anything of your games, or anything.\" Jack smiled. He hugged his sister and gave her a kiss on the cheek. \"I love you, Maggie.\" \"I love you too, Jack.\" The two siblings ran back to their own rooms and went back to bed, hoping that their parents didn't hear them at the door. ... Back at Wendy's house, Eve was telling Jack, Maggie, and her brother a bedtime story. Jack and Maggie are on the beds while Alex was laying down on a mattress under Jack's bed. Eve is going through the books on the bookshelf when she came across Peter Pan. She thought about it but decided to keep it for later. She had things to research. She decided to think of one, so she sat on the rocking chair. \"Are you going to tell us a story?\" Maggie sat up. \"I am, but we are going to make it up ourselves.\" \"Do you mean like one person tells a part of the story and the others add to it?\" Alex asked. Jack and he sat up also. \"Yes, Alex, that's exactly what I mean. I'll start. Once upon a time, there was a city with a big castle, but the town was rather poor. The wealthy lived in the city in the castle.\" \"The girl's name was Maggie — \" \" — Maggie, don't use your name.\" Alex scoffed. \"Alex, stop being rude!\" Eve scolded. \"I want too!\" \"You can use your name, Maggie,\" Jack gave his friend a look. Maggie smiled. \"Maggie was a little peasant girl. Her parent's names were Peter and Moira.\" \"Moira and Peter were both busy, but Peter never had time for his children,\" Alex added. Jack smirked. \"Me, being the son, ran away. Along the way, I met a beautiful woman and married her.\" \"Maggie cried, looking for her brother,\" Eve then smirked and looked at Alex. \"Along the way, she met the Prince of the kingdom, Alex.\" \"Ew!\" Maggie and Alex groaned. \"Wait, use Caleb,\" Jack stepped in. \"Who's Caleb?\" Alex questioned. \"Maggie's crush.\" \"Awe!\" Eve crooned and turned to Maggie. \"Do you want to use your crush's name?\" \"Yes, please!\" \"All right, so she met Prince Caleb's worker, Alex. He took her to the castle and she met Caleb. The two fell in love.\" \"She ran away from mom and dad and moved in with the prince, and they both lived happily, ever, after,\" Jack finished. \"The end.\" \"That's some ending,\" Alex rhetorically replied. \"Hey, there's nothing else to explain.\" Everyone knew what Jack meant by that. He is angry at his father, so he used his anger in the story and made Maggie run away also because she is starting to notice that her father breaks his promises and if he does not stop, she will end up like Jack, being angry at her own father all the time. If Peter doesn't get his act together, Jack and Maggie will grow up without knowing him. Eve clapped her hands together and stood up, \"Well, there's your story. Now, they might be home late — \" \" — what about the s'mores?\" Maggie whined. \"If they aren't here by eleven, I'll sneak all of us downstairs and we'll make them ourselves,\" Eve winked and the three grinned. \"Good night guys.\" \"Goodnight, Eve!\" The three chirped and laid down. Eve turned off the light and closed the door, not realizing that in a little while, something will happen that will change their lives forever, and it might help Peter learn to have fun. An hour later, Eve was sleeping when she felt her throat dry. She yawned and woke up, seeing that the time was eleven. She looked out her window and saw that Wendy, Jack and Maggie's parents and her own weren't back yet. She decided to get a drink of water and wake up the three little ones for s'mores as she promised. She got a glass of water and started to walk back upstairs when she saw a bright light shine in her house from the window. She widened her eyes and ran to it, but saw nothing. She thought someone was in her house. She put her glass of water down and started to put her coat on until she heard a loud noise, and the children started screaming. \"EVE!\" They shouted. \"Help me, Jack!\" Maggie distressed. Her eyes widened. \"Jack, Maggie, Alex!\" She screeched and sped up the stairs. She banged on the door because it wouldn't open. The screaming stopped and the light vanished. She kept banging on the door, but it opened by itself and she fell on the floor. She looked inside, eyes widened. The room was like a pig pen, and worst of all, Maggie, Jack, and her brother were gone. \"No!\" She felt tears form in her eyes. She sped out to go and look for them, but because she was determined to find them, she didn't see the note left on the door. She put her jacket back on and searched the whole perimeter of the block. She couldn't find them. Tears came down her eyes and she felt her heart beat out of her chest. She went into her house with the spare key and saw that nothing was taken and that no one was there. \"Who's here?\" She shouted. No one was in the house. \"Mom, dad! Are you here?\" She knows they aren't. That light made her think. What if they came back to her house for something and that light somehow took them? She had to keep looking. \"Alex, Jack, Maggie?\" Her voice echoed, \"Please, somebody!\" She checked everywhere. Eve felt uneasy, but make her way back downstairs and locked the front door. Eve ran back into Wendy's house with tears on her face. Her family was gone, and she had no idea why. \"WENDY\" She yelled, going around the house. \"Eve, darling. Upstairs.\" Eve bolted up the stairs and saw the bedroom where Jack and Maggie sleep wide open. They were in there with Wendy holding a piece of paper. The only people missing where her brother and the two kids. \"Wendy, my family's gone!\" She screeched. \"Where are Jack and Maggie? Where's my family? And why is Moira laying on the floor?\" \"Eve, we're right here.\" George came over to her and she gave both of her parents a tight hug. She didn't know how they got here so fast. \"How did you get here so fast?\" \"We were leaving, then Liza called us,\" her father George answered her question. \"Oh.\" Wendy sighed and called her over with a finger \"Come here, child.\" Eve came closer to Wendy who started to explain everything. \"They have been kidnapped by Hook. He left a letter saying that he has them.\" \"Hook?\" Eve raised a brow, then her eyes widened. She's starting to put the puzzle together. Everything makes sense now. Their names, her texts, they must have been from Hook. He took her friends and her brother. He won't get away with it. But she doesn't get why he didn't kidnap her also. Then she remembered that in the story, the legendary swordfighter went with Peter to help get rid of Hook and save her friends and brother. Maybe she isn't supposed to be kidnapped, maybe she has to go and get rid of Hook. \"We are going to do everything to get them back.\" \"We have to call the police!\" Cassidy exclaimed as George was trying to calm her down. \"The police won't do anything,\" Wendy pointed out. \"You're right, we'll call the American police,\" Peter suggested. Eve facepalmed. \"Yes Peter, the American police want to go on a seventeen-hour flight to England in order to find a man that committed a crime outside their country,\" She added with sarcasm. \"They do their duties in America. The British police do their duties here. Besides, what are we going to say? Hook came from Neverland and kidnapped them? They'll think we're looney and it will be your fault.\" Peter shot her a look but said nothing. \"In a crisis like this, I make tea,\" Wendy said. \"Moira, Cassidy, George, Peter, would you like some?\" \"Yes,\" George nodded. \"It can give us time to think about what we should do.\" \"We should save them,\" Eve crossed her arms. \"How can we? We don't know where Hook took them.\" \"Does anyone want tea?\" Liza asked, repeating Wendy's question. She was going to make it. \"No!\" Cassidy yelled. \"My son is missing!\" Wendy sighed and turned to Peter, \"Hand me that book,\" Peter turned to look behind him and caught sight of a book on a dresser. He picked it up, seeing that it was Peter Pan. He handed it to her. Wendy looked up at Peter. \"When you were young, no other girl held your favor as I did.\" She began. \"What's she doing?\" Cassidy asked. \"Telling a story,\" Eve pointed out. Wendy continued. \"I hoped that you would come to the church and be a guest at my wedding. I hope you would have forgiven my vows. I wore pink satin, but you didn't come. Of course, you visited when I had kids, but I got older. I was an old lady when you came again. And there she was, my thirteen-year-old granddaughter sleeping in the bed, Moira. That was when you decided to never go back to Neverland.\" \"Where?\" Peter raised an eyebrow. \"Neverland.\" \"Moira, are you going to make the tea?\" \"I knew it!\" Wendy howled, which scared the others. \"You have forgotten!\" \"Forgotten what?\" \"The stories are true,\" Wendy looked up and showed him a picture of Peter Pan in the book. It did look like a younger version of Peter. \"It does look like him,\" Eve admitted. \"Yes, it does,\" Wendy nodded her head in agreement. \"I'm not ready to deal with this right now,\" Peter exhaled. \"The stories of Peter Pan and the legendary swords fighter are true! I swear to you! And now he's come back to seek revenge for taking off one of his hands. The fight isn't over for Captain James Hook. He knows you'll do anything to save Jack and Maggie,\" She turned to the Sanders, \"and Hook knows that you three will come back for Alex.\" She faced Peter again. \"Only you can save your children and only Eve can save her brother. Somehow you must go back. You must make yourself remember!\" Eve had no idea what Wendy is talking about. \"Remember what?\" Peter asked, confused like everyone else. \"You are Peter Pan!\" Wendy put emphasis on 'Pan.' \"What?\" Eve gasped. \"Him, Peter Pan?\" She laughed. \"You're kidding, Wendy. He can't even touch his toes. Not only that, he's a lawyer that breaks promises. That's all he's known for.\" Peter glared at her. \"Hey, I am a great lawyer.\" \"Harrison's better, so I've heard.\" Peter snarled. \"It makes sense, we named our kids after that story, but the Banning families names are in that book; so are Wendy's and Tootles,\" Cassidy realized. \"Precisely,\" Wendy added with a small smile. \"Wait, so the legend about the sword fighter is true also,\" George realized. \"And the legend says that the person will be brave. They will be the one going with Peter to fight Hook and get rid of him once again.\" Everyone turned to Eve. \"Why are you all staring at me?\" She asked nervously. She didn't believe it. Eve doubted that she was the legend. Wendy nodded. \"That's right. Hook realized that he would come back to get something he loved back. That's his kids. He also knew that the legend would come true. Eve, you are the legendary swords fighter.\" \"But that's impossible!\" She put her arms out. \"I'm only fourteen.\" \"Yes, you are. But you're brave, and you're a great fighter. Hook has both of your families, and you have to stop him before something happens to them.\" \"So, the texts are true!\" \"What are you talking about?\" Cassidy questioned. \"Some number has been texting me saying that I am the chosen one. They also said he was coming. I guess that he is Hook.\" \"What was the number?\" \"It said unknown. It didn't have a number.\" Wendy looked at Eve. \"It seems like someone was warning you.\" \"Well, they did a good job at it. Look at what happened,\" Cassidy sniffed. She was right. Not only is the room a mess, but Alex, Jack, and Maggie have been kidnapped. \"They didn't say who the person was, but it made me suspicious. I thought it was a joke,\" The fencer sighed. \"Now what?\" \"We have to go and save them,\" George sounded like he wanted to cry. Eve was shocked. She's never heard or seen her dad cry, or on the verge of crying. \"Eve and Peter have to do this alone,\" Wendy turned to the two legends. \"You are our only hope. Only you two can stop Hook. He is expecting the both of you.\" Peter sighed. He looked at Eve. \"We have to do this.\" \"I know. I can't believe I'm a legend. It's a story. Can a fairytale name a person?\" \"It can,\" Wendy nodded. \"It already has. Peter is Pan, and you're the legendary fighter. Hook exists! You two are the ones he wants. He won't let the kids go unless you stop him.\" The eight of them all stared at each other, knowing that Peter is Pan and that Eve is the legend. They all knew that the stories were true and that in order to save the kids, Peter and Eve had to go and face, Hook, alone. After the adults went downstairs for some tea, Peter and Eve were left alone. \"Now what?\" Peter turned to her. \"We have to get to Neverland and save them. But how are we going to get there is the question.\" \"I'm worried about them, Eve. What if they're hurt?\" Eve felt the same way. \"They'll be fine.\" \"Are you sure?\" \"Positive.\" She wasn't that sure, but she knew Hook wouldn't hurt them. He's only using them as bait to get the both of them. Peter opened the doors and looked outside. That's when they both saw a small bright light come toward them. The bright light flew around them, making Eve squeal and Peter say, \"Firefly from hell!\" \"I don't think that's a firefly, Peter,\" Eve ducked as the light flew past her and knocked off pictures and paintings on the wall. \"Right you are!\" The thing replied cheerfully. \"That's it!\" Peter rolled up a piece of paper and tried to hit the light, but it grabbed the paper and wacked Peter with it four or five times, causing him to fall on the floor. Eve stared in awe. \"Looks like I'm not the only butt kicker in this house,\" she joked, causing Peter to give her a look. The fluorescent aglow landed at the end of a bed. They took note that it was a small woman; a fairy, with red, short hair and wings. She couldn't be bigger than three inches tall. The fairy looked at Peter. \"It is you! But it's a bigger you! That's all right, you were always bigger than me. But we always had fun with each other,\" she blabbed on. \"Who are you?\" Peter fixed his glasses and stared at the fairy. \"What are you?\" \"I'm, Tinkerbell, and I'm a fairy!\" Eve wrinkled her nose. \"This has to be a dream!\" Tink turned to the girl, \"Nope, it isn't Eve! Captain Hook is real and he has your brother, Jack, and Maggie. You should know, I messaged you,\" the fairy grinned. Eve's eyes widened and she gasped. \"You! You were the one that said I am the chosen one.\" \"Because you are! I've been watching you for a while.\" Eve then thought for a moment, seeing that it explained a lot. At times, she had the feeling that she was being watched. Some things were moved slightly from their original position, which shows that Eve is very observant, and she sometimes heard tiny noises and voices in her room, closet, or near her window. She just thought she was going crazy, but now realized that a fanatical creature was watching her. Tink turned to Peter. \"We played fun games together, back in Neverland. You are, Peter Pan.\" \"It's Peter Banning.\" The lawyer corrected. \"Pan.\" Tink crossed her arms. \"Banning.\" \"Pan.\" \"Banning,\" Eve replied plainly. \"Not only that, he's a busy lawyer who has no time for anyone.\" Peter chuckled sheepishly. \"I am so busy all the time. By the way, I am better than Harrison.\" \"Nope,\" Eve shook her head. \"Yes, I am.\" \"Not really.\" Peter glared at the teenager. Tink smiled at the two. \"You are Peter Pan, and you Eve, are the legendary fighter that goes to Neverland to help Peter get rid of Hook once and for all!\" \"I am Peter Banning.\" \"Well, whoever you are, I know it's still you,\" Tink replied in a calmer voice. \"No one has that smell. The smell of sleeping only in trees, Adventures with Indians and pirates; we could either do anything or nothing!\" Peter got up. \"Oh no, it's finally happened.\" \"What's happened?\" Eve asked. \"I'm having a nervous breakdown.\" \"Then that means I must be having one too.\" For as silly as it sounded, Eve actually believed Peter, but on the other hand, she also believed Tink. Why would Hook come and kidnap Peter's kids and her brother if he didn't want something from them? \"Pray Eve. Pray with me. This dream will be all over soon!\" \"This isn't a dream!\" Tink protested. \"Come on, you have to fly!\" \"You see Eve, I am now dying,\" Peter rambled on. \"I am going toward a bright light.\" \"Stop being melodramatic,\" Eve rolled her eyes. \"You're worse than my best friend Cecile when she gets mad.\" Peter kept rambling, ignoring Eve's insult. He looked down at the dollhouse from below. \"That's my house down below!\" \"It looks nothing like Wendy's home, Peter,\" The teen crossed her arms. \"Come on! We have to save Alex, Jack, and Maggie!\" \"How do you know about them?\" Peter asked. \"Everyone knows Peter,\" Tink replied. \"Hook has them and you have to fight him. You have to learn to fly!\" \"Fly? How can I fly? I have a bug in front of me, claiming she's a fairy!\" Tink sighed and turned to Eve. \"Eve, I need you to believe. Think of a happy thought.\" Eve stared at her. \"Wait, can I get dressed first? I can't go on an adventure wearing my pajamas.\" Tink nodded.\"All right, five minutes. We don't have time.\" Eve sped to the room she was sleeping in and threw on the outfit she packed. She slipped into her combat boots and was finished getting dressed. She put deodorant and perfume on. She brushed her teeth and put Listerine strips into her sock. When she came out and went back into the room where the three kids were kidnapped, Tink had Peter floating in the air, rolled up into a blanket. \"How did you-you know what, never mind, it's probably better if I don't know.\" Tink smiled. \"Yeah, some imagination he has. Now, I need you to think of something happy.\" \"Alex, my family, Cecile, fencing and martial arts; shopping,\" Eve then found herself floating into the air. \"Wow, you have tons of happy thoughts.\" \"I know,\" Eve grinned. \"Come on, follow me. We have to get to Neverland!\" Tink picked Peter up and heaved him outside. How she was able to do that, Eve had no idea. She couldn't even pick him up, so how could a tiny fairy? Eve flew right behind her, passing a couple making out. Tink put fairy dust on them and they lifted into the air. Eve snickered, causing Tink to turn and wink at her, making her laugh even more. They headed up higher into the sky. It then became lighter, and ahead was a purple light. It reminded Eve of the Milky Way. They kept flying with Peter unconscious and Eve saw it. The sky was bright, and the ocean was a clear, dark, blue. There were many forts, people, and ahead was a pirate ship with a town of pirates. \"Wow, this is amazing!\" Eve broke the silence. \"Whoever knew Neverland was this beautiful?\" Tink had a huge grin on her face, but Eve didn't see it. \"Yes, it is beautiful,\" Tink dropped Peter onto the ground and he woke up, seeing his surroundings. There were buildings, pirates, and a crocodile clock. There were smaller pirates ships where the pirates lived. \"This isn't a nightmare,\" Peter sighed. \"Why would it be?\" Eve asked. \"If it was, I wouldn't be here. I wouldn't want to be in your dreams.\" Peter looked at her and stood up. \"Now what? Is there a payphone around here?\" \"Yes, Peter, there are pay phones,\" Eve rolled her eyes, \"Come on! We might as well blend in with it pirates.\" Eve turned and saw Peter talking to a bunch of pirates who then started chasing him. \"Peter!\" Eve and Tink went after them. Eve kicked and punched two pirates and Tink threw a pan at one, knocking him unconscious. The other pirates ran off, scared. Tink wrapped a blanket around Peter. Eve gave him an eye patch and Tink put a hat on top of his head. He also has a wooden cane. \"What about me?\" Eve looked around and a dress. She wrinkled her nose. \"I have to wear it, don't I?\" \"It's the only thing left,\" Tink pointed out. Eve grabbed a blue, worn out long dress and put it on. It would have been a little bit, but her sweater made it fit. She saw a tube of red lipstick and put it on her lips. \"Okay, I'm ready,\" Eve showed them her disguise. Tink sat on top of Peter's hat. \"Now all we need to do is find Hook! Now, do what I say, Peter.\" Eve followed behind as Tink was instructing Peter on how to walk and talk like a pirate. Just then, Smee, Captain Hook's assistant starting getting everyone's attention, saying that Hook had something to tell the pirates. \"Oh, Smee!\" A pirate prostitute replied. She had on a show dress, a wig, and too much makeup. \"Girls, Smee has an order! Hook has something to tell us!\" Smee was holding a red pillow with a silver Hook. The pirates started chanting, \"Hook! Hook has the Hook!\" \"Follow them!\" Tink pointed ahead. Peter and Eve followed the pirates to the huge pirate ship. Many of the pirates were on Hook's ship. Smee stood at the platform. \"Good morning, Neverland!\" \"Good morning, Smee!\" The pirates all greeted. \"Here he is, the best of the best, Captain James Hook!\" Smee announced, laying down the rep carpet on the stairs as the pirates began chanting. \"Hook!\" Captain Hook came out and Peter and Eve got closer. Tink flew off to hide somewhere. Hook smirked. \"Hello everyone. Revenge is mine!\" The pirates started cheering. Eve gasped and Peter widened his eyes. \"Long live the Hook!\" One pirate yelled out. \"I have this Hook, and I will proudly announce we have his children and her brother!\" The pirates cheered again. \"Jack, Maggie!\" Peter chocked. \"Alex,\" Eve kept in her tears. \"Finally I'm going to kill Peter Pan! The cocky boy who cut off my hand and fed it to the crocodile!\" Hook declared \"And who killed that crocodile?\" \"Hook.\" \"Who stuffed him?\" \"Hook!\" \"Who made the crocodile into a quiet clock?\" \"Hook!\" \"Who went to the other world and kidnapped Pan's children and Eve's brother?\" \"Hook!\" \"He knows my name,\" Eve muttered to herself. Then she scoffed at her dumb remark. Of course the big and scary Captain Hook knew her name, it's mentioned in the book, and he kidnapped her brother. \"Because you are the legend.\" Eve literally jumped when she saw Tinkerbell on her shoulder. \"Don't do that Tink.\" \"Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to scare you.\" \"Well, here they are! Bring up the kiddies!\" The pirates grabbed two ropes and brought them up. In one net were Jack and Maggie. In the other was Alex. \"Let me go!\" Jack yelled as Maggie cried, \"I want my mommy! I want my daddy!\" \"Let me go, stupid pirates! I'll get my sister to beat all of you up!\" Alex threatened. \"Those are my kids!\" Peter shouted, making everyone fall silent as he took off his disguise. He ran over to the net with his kids in it. \"Those are my kids!\" Jack and Maggie took the hands of their father, \"Dad help us!\" \"Everything will be all right,\" Peter then stomped over to Hook. \"You better let all three of those kids out of the nets, or you better get an attorney and hope that he is better than me.\" \"Get Harrison!\" Jack shouted, causing everyone to laugh and for Peter to glare at him. \"Wow, Banning's on a roll,\" Eve said and walked over to her brother. \"Alex, it's me.\" She was calm but was raging on the inside. Blowing up and screaming won't fix the problem, Hook wants something. He won't harm Alex or Peter's kids, he's using them as bait; Eve knew that. She wants to know what it is Hook's seeking and then perhaps sneak attack him. She can take him on, she isn't scared. \"Eve!\" He smiled and some of the pirates looked at her. \"I'm going to get you out of here. Relax, okay?\" Alex nodded. Eve walked over to Jack and Maggie and they took her left hand. \"Please, help us, Eve,\" Maggie distressed. \"I will don't worry,\" Eve turned to Hook who kept asking who Peter is. \"You are Peter?\" \"Yes.\" Two pirates had a hold of the lawyer as Hook kept questioning him, seeing that Peter is not what he looked like years ago. Hook remembers Peter, but Peter does not remember him. \"You? \"Yes.\" \"Peter Pan?\" \"Peter Banning,\" Peter went to shake the man's hand, but another pirate grabbed ahold of him also. Tink facepalmed. \"Why would he shake hands with a pirate?\" \"Because he's Peter Banning, a super professional,\" Eve replied plainly, \"That's all he knows,\" Jack snickered but stopped when he noticed that Eve was serious. \"But you are Peter?\" Hook asked for the fifth time. \"Yes!\" \"My long and worthy opponent? I don't think so. Smee, who is this impostor?\" \"It is, Peter Pan, Captain,\" Smee came back with files in his hands. \"Tink gave me his records,\" Peter shot a look at Tink who smiled innocently. \"She also gave me Eve's,\" Eve glanced at Tink. \"I had too.\" \"You're lucky that I like you,\" was all that Eve responded with. Tink stiffened. Smee looked through Peter's record and pointed out the scar that Hook gave him on his face. Hook stared at the scar. \"Is it really you? My worthy opponent?\" \"I guess. Tink brought me here.\" Hook turned to Eve and smiled. \"Well, Eve, it's nice to see you also. Though next time, you should find a better disguise.\" Eve rolled her eyes. The pirates laughed. Hook turned to Peter Pan. \"Peter, if you can fly up and touch your kids net, I will let them go, along with Eve and her brother.\" \"Don't screw this up, Peter,\" Eve warned, but only got a look of annoyance from the man. \"I'm afraid of heights.\" The pirates laughed while Eve crossed her arms and shook her head, looking at the floor in the process. I can't with him. \"What do you mean? Can't you fly?\" \"Fly? How can I fly? I don't even know who you are!\" \"Smee, why isn't he flying?\" \"He hasn't been to Neverland in so long, he doesn't remember anything!\" The pirates raised the nets up and the three kidnapees started yelling. \"Stop this right now, Hook!\" Eve threatened. \"Leave them alone and let them go. It's Peter and me that you want.\" Tink came into the conversation. \"You don't want to be remembered as a bully, do you, Hook? I'll train them for a week!\" Peter backed up toward the end of the ship. \"Two days.\" \"Four! The bare minimum for a decent Pan and a legendary fighter,\" Tink crossed her arms. \"I don't need to train!\" Eve whined. \"Yes, you do!\" Tink argued back and turned back to Hook. \"Three, that's the fair minimum.\" Tink grabbed a hold of his Hook and shook it in agreement. \"Deal.\" Hook whispered to her. \"If they or I should say, Peter, isn't ready in three days, the kiddies in the ropes are nothing compared to what I'm going to give you.\" Some of the pirates let out an 'ooh', but Tink didn't seem fazed. Hook turned around and announced. \"In three days, we will have a war against good and bad! To the death!\" The pirates started cheering and one knocked Peter off the ship and into the water. \"Peter!\" Tink and Eve ran after him. Eve jumped off as she heard the children scream for Peter, Tink, and her. Eve swam in the water, but couldn't find Peter. That was when someone grabbed her and brought her to shore. She coughed for air and saw that the person who brought her to shore was a mermaid with purple hair and a purple tail. \"Are you okay?\" \"Yeah, I'm fine.\" \"I'm, Violet. You must be Eve. You look like the legendary fighter.\" Eve raised a brow. \"Um, okay? Have you seen, Peter?\" Violet pointed and Eve turned around, seeing Peter sprawled out on the floor. \"Peter!\" She ran over to him and woke him up, \"Are you okay?\" \"I'm fine,\" He turned to the mermaid. \"Thank you.\" Violet smiled, \"No problem. Tink must have brought you here, so you are going to the lost boys' and girls' hideout.\" \"There are girls?\" Eve asked, surprised. \"A few. They came here a while ago after Pan left.\" \"That's okay with me,\" Eve smiled. \"I'll have girls to talk too.\" Violet smiled and motioned them to come back into the water. She went under and pulled up a huge clam that was tied to a vine. \"Why is that clam so big?\" Peter rose a brow. Violet looked at him. \"This is the clam that will get you up to the lost boys and girls hideout.\" She pointed above and there was a huge tree. \"It's disguised underwater so Hook and the other pirates don't know where to find it just in case they try to invade.\" \"What about the vine? Don't they notice it?\" \"The clam hides deep under the water. The vine sits along the rocks and blends with the trees above, so they don't notice it,\" Violet explained. \"Now, hop on in.\" Since Eve is lean and does Martial arts and fencing, getting into the clam was easy for her. Peter on the other hand, was having trouble. Violet rose a purple brow at him. \"Peter, come on.\" \"I can't — \" He didn't have time to finish what he was saying, he fell right into the huge clam. Eve sighed with a roll of her eyes. They felt themselves go up and they looked down, seeing Violet waving and disappearing under the water. Peter replied with, \"My stomach feels queasy.\" \"Don't be a baby,\" Eve rolled her eyes. Peter didn't have time to protest because they reached the top and the clam tipped forward. Eve felt her adrenaline run through her veins as she saw a huge treehouse, but a very steep dirt road. She felt herself go down as her heart raced, and when she saw how big of a drop it was from the top to the bottom, she began to feel nervous. Peter was screaming from behind, trying to hold onto the tipped clam, but lost his grip and began to go down, bumping into Eve in the process, making them fall out and roll down the dirt road, their screams filled the large quiet air.[Chapter 6] CHAPTER 6 There You Are, Peter ... Eve groaned and grabbed her head as she sat up. She opened her eyes and saw what's around her. Her eyes widened in awe. In front of her, a huge fort with trees, boardwalks, and a wooden pathway. Each section has a different season. \"This is amazing!\" She stood up, looking around. \"I wonder who did this.\" Peter sat up and looked also. \"Wow, this is a very realistic treehouse.\" \"I don't think it's a treehouse. It's too big; it has to be a fort.\" \"Well, whatever it is, the people here might be able to help us save your brother and my kids.\" \"I wonder where everyone is.\" The two looked around again and saw a cliff from above. \"Peter, where are you going?\" Eve asked. \"I'm going to get a better view of Neverland.\" Peter reached the top. Eve climbed up the small wall of rocks and looked at the view of Neverland. It didn't last long when Peter lost his balance and fell. He was right next to the winter part of the fort. \"Peter!\" Eve slid down after him. Peter slid down a slide of snow, greeted by a group of penguins, and landed in the fort. The whole fort was warm, like springtime. It reminded Peter of a rain forest without the rain. \"Peter, are you okay?\" Eve asked, looking at him. \"I hope so. I have a bad back.\" \"I can tell.\" Peter shot her a look and dusted himself off. … Divina woke up and saw Latchboy sleeping next to her. She slept next to him last night because he had a nightmare. She turned to Ace's small hut-like room. She saw Ace in his room with Grace, the two cuddling. She smiled and remembered when Tink fetched the girl. It was another regular day in Neverland when Tink came with a girl around ten or eleven. The boys and the two girls walked over and stared at the girl. Murmurs were exchanged between the older boys. \"Who's the chick?\" Ace asked, looking Grace up and down. Divina noticed that he had a small smile on his face. She smelt a crush. \"Boys and girls, I'd like to introduce you to Grace.\" Tink smiled. Divina got a good look at the girl. She has dirty blonde hair and dark blue eyes. She has a small, button nose and naturally blushed cheeks. She turned to Ace who stared at her in Awe. He was the first boy to step out and welcome Grace. He grinned at her, lifted his hat a little and put it back on his head. \"Hi, I'm Ace.\" He put out his hand. Grace smiled and took his hand, \"Grace.\" The older boys grinned at each other. They knew why Ace was the first boy over. That was when the smaller boys came and gathered around her, introducing themselves and laughing. Divina then turned to Don't Asks room. Lily and he were together, sleeping. Lily's head was on his shoulder and his arm was around her. Divina smiled and tried to fall back asleep. … Peter sighed and continued to walk when he stepped near a vine. The vine wrapped around his ankle and he shouted as he was brought up quickly and reached the top. There was a huge grandfather clock that he landed by and it opened as he was yelling and panicking for help. Eve stared at him. \"Peter!\" She shouted, running over. This got Divina's attention and she sat up. Her eyes narrowed, knowing that someone (or two someones) was in the fort. She couldn't move because she didn't want to wake Latchboy who was laying very close to her. Then she heard Tink. \"Oh, you're alive!\" Tink said with happiness and laughed with excitement. \"Help me!\" Peter distressed. One thing he hated is flights. He can't stand going on airplanes for his job. \"I believe!\" He stated, now believing in fairies. Divina heard what is going on down below. Tink brought visitors. \"I wonder who they are.\" She thought, but she only thought of the two people that she thinks would be here.\" She grinned. All of a sudden, Tink flew out and started to shout, \"Lost boys, lost boys, Divina, girls, wake up! Peter Pan's back!\" As she came out, the vine holding the man snapped, and he fell into other vines. Divina's grin got bigger if that's possible. She bolted up and ran outside, seeing the others waking up. Tinker Bell flew around the fort, shouting \"Pan's back.\" And a bunch of heads popped out of hanging like rooms. The boys then started to shout, \"Peter Pan's back!\" to each other. Eve went to help Peter out of the vines, but she can't. The lost boys and girls started running down ladders, a small bridge with boardwalks and vines hanging from above. Ace swung from a vine and knocked Peter onto the floor. The boys and girls moved closer to the two. Peter's on the floor, tied up with vines. The weird part is that a dozen of the boys each had a weapon in their hand. Some of them were pushing the girls behind them. \"Who's the shrub?\" Thud, a chubby boy of African American descent, asked. \"More importantly, who's the girl?\" Don't ask asked. Divina looked at Eve and smiled to herself. Everything of the mysterious girl looked like the legendary swordfighter. That was when Peter moved and the boys charged at him. They untangled the vines and Peter ran up against the wall. \"Peter Pan?\" The boys were confused. They put down their weapons and got closer. \"This ain't Peter Pan.\" The boy Don't Ask scoffed. He took out a comb and brushed it through his hair. \"He's old.\" A small African boy yelled. \"He's fat.\" Latchboy insulted. \"Not so fat to me.\" The chubby boy from earlier defended. \"He's an old, fat grandpa man.\" Too small laughed. Eve rolled her eyes, \"Peter, get down here.\" \"Who are you?\" A boy asked. \"My name is, Evelyn, but I liked to be called Eve.\" The girl explained. \"Are you Peter Pan's daughter?\" Ace asked her. \"Nope. I am just a friend, I guess.\" She then turned and looked at Divina, \"Hey, aren't you the missing girl from a family? I think their names were Ruth and Babaylan. Something along those lines.\" \"Yes, I am. I was brought here.\" Divina remembers little about her parents. \"I'm sorry for what they did to you. But hey, you're flawless now.\" Divina blushed, \"Thank you, you too.\" She isn't lying. One of the boys noticed Eve's sword and said, \"Hey, she must be the legendary sword fighter.\" \"Do you fight?\" Divina raised an eyebrow. \"Yes. I fence and go to martial art classes.\" What's with all these questions? \"She's his accomplice!\" A small boy pointed a finger at her. Eve was taken aback. She has no idea why they would think such a thing, she barely knows Peter. \"Let's get her!\" The redhead declared. Eve smirked, never bringing down a challenge. She took out her sword, ready to beat them all up. It won't take long. Before anyone could say anything or do anything else, there was a loud noise. It sounded like someone was riding a car and a honking noise was heard. Eve growled, \"He ruined my chance!\" She then put her sword away. \"RUFIO,\" The lost boys and girls pointed ahead. \"How cute, they must have a tiny leader to lead all of them.\" Eve cracked. \"This should be interesting.\" She then turned around and saw a boy wearing red and black riding on a four-wheeled surfboard with a sail on a wooden pathway. \"Rufi-oh, Rufi-oh.\" They all chanted. \"Rufi—\" \"Oohh.\" The rest finished and they watched him as he got closer. They watched as he jumped from the cart onto a vine with handles that were above and he rocked back and forth. Eve was starting to have second thoughts. The boy doesn't look little. He looks about her age, maybe a little older. \"That's so dangerous,\" Peter said to himself. Everyone watched as he did a backflip and landed in front of Peter. The lost boys and girls are chanting as Rufio has an evil smile plastered on his face. \"That's enough!\" Peter shouted and the lost boys stopped yelling and laughing. Rufio took out his sword and the lost boys and girls were going crazy. He pointed it at Peter, ignoring Eve. \"Okay Mister, put that thing away before you poke someone's eye out,\" Peter exclaimed. Rufio smiled and laughed, putting his hand in front of his own mouth and wiggled his fingers. Everyone else did the same, making hand gestures and mimicked him. \"What are they doing?\" Peter whispered to Divina. \"They're mocking you.\" \"Stop mocking me.\" Peter snapped. \"That isn't nice.\" The boys continued laughing and Rufio kept mimicking Peter by wiggling their own fingers in front of their faces, again. \"This is an insurance nightmare!\" Peter scowled, \"What is this some 'Lord of the Flies' preschool? Where are your parents?\" Peter asked but the kids kept laughing and circling Eve and him. Eve, however, stood there unfazed. She isn't scared of this punk. \"Alright then, who's in charge here?\" The laughing stopped and the lost boys pointed to Rufio who did a light bow. Eve spiffed but said nothing. She's fought boys bigger than him. She crossed her arms, standing quietly. \"What? No, Mr. Skunk head who wears too much mousse, you're just a punk kid!\" Eve snarled. \"I bet you can't even use a sword.\" Yeah, a Punk kid who is hot! Divina thought, My boyfriend is the cutest man alive! And Eve will have another thing coming when challenging Rufio. I bet she's amazing, but I bet he'll be able to beat her.' Rufio turned to her with a look on his face. \"Don't make bets with people you don't know. They can be deceiving.\" He then smirked, causing Divina to smile and look at him with a dreamy look on her face but for Eve to glare at the older boy. \"I want to speak to a grown up!\" Peter turned around and yelled. \"All grown-ups are pirates,\" Rufio responded. \"Excuse me?\" Peter turned to Rufio. \"All grown-ups are pirates,\" Divina repeated Rufio's reply. \"We kill pirates,\" Rufio said with a grin, going back on topic. \"Hey, Rufio, I bet he's working for Hook!\" Ace narrowed his eyes. \"I'm not. The fairy says I'm Peter Pan. I don't know who any of you boys are. Hook has Jack and Maggie.\" \"Who are Jack and Maggie?\" Divina raised a brow. \"My children.\" Peter turned to her. \"He also has Eve's brother, Alex.\" Rufio scowled, \"I don't know who you are. I don't know who your family members are either. Get lost.\" \"Rufio, what do we do with the pirate and his accomplice?\" Ace asked. \"Let's kill them and feed them to the birds!\" one suggested. Eve narrowed her eyes, \"I'd like to see you try.\" they were all silent as she turned her attention to Ace, who stiffened. \"I am not his accomplice.\" Eve gave the boy a look. \"Hook has my family too. Tinker Bell brought us here.\" \"But you're working for a pirate!\" Thud pointed a finger at her. Eve just rolled her eyes, seeing that no matter how many times she says that she's only a friend, no one will listen to her. \"I am not a pirate. It so happens, I am a lawyer.\" Peter blabbed and said with confidence. \"Kill the lawyer!\" Rufio yelled out in an order and the kids started yelling \"Kill the lawyer!\" and they took out their weapons. \"I'm not that type of a lawyer!\" Peter shouted as the Lost Boys and girls brushed past Rufio. They started chasing Eve and him. They kept yelling \"Kill the lawyer!\" Divina facepalmed and saw Rufio standing there. He turned and looked at her. Divina chuckled, \"He can't be Peter Pan.\" Rufio grinned at her, \"Trust me, babe, it'll be fun messing with him.\" \"Rufio, don't be too rough.\" Rufio wrapped his arms around her and kissed her, \"I won't, I promise.\" Rufio then disappeared, hunting for Peter. Divina ran off to go and look for Peter. She saw her him standing on the wooden pathway, with paint all over his shirt. Boys were shooting toilet plumber arrows at him. Eve is running from Latchboy when she saw a big tree. She went toward it, but stepped on something and fell through a trap door. She screamed and landed on the floor. Looking up, the Lost Boy smirked and ran off. She scowled and climbed up but the door closed on her. \"You've got to be kidding me!\" She shouted. She stood up and brushed herself off, looking what was in front of her. It was a hideout with old furniture and decor in it. She saw a few old beds and a rocking chair. She went over to it and on the rocking chair where the name, 'Wendy' carved into it. She gasped and couldn't believe that Peter Pan's original hideout is still here, it's just covered up. It is small, but then again, there weren't that many lost boys originally; now there's at least fifty of them and a few girls. Neverland has upgraded its population. … Divina gave up trying to get Peter because all the lost boys and girls were chasing him. She then decided to go and look for Eve. She didn't know who the girl Eve was, but she had a feeling that the girl is part of the legend. She kept walking, desperately trying to find Eve. Rufio is a great fighter, but Eve must be amazing. Peter doesn't remember himself as Pan, but Eve may be able to help. Her description looks just like the legend, and her name is the same also. It is no coincidence. I have to find her because she might be the one person who could change the real Neverland, not the fake one. Her thoughts were interrupted when Ace and Don't Ask sped past her. Divina shrugged and walked down one of the ladders, hoping to bump into the mystery girl. Ace and Don't Ask were told by Latchboy that Eve fell into the old tree house. They decided to ambush her there. They opened the trap door and slid down the slide and saw Eve staring at a picture of the original lost boys. \"Ah-ha!\" Don't ask declared and Eve spun around, \"Got you!\" Two boys were holding up their weapons. Eve stared at them broadly, \"Why are you chasing me? I'm not a pirate.\" \"Grownups are pirates. You are working with, Peter.\" Don't ask answered. \"But he isn't a pirate.\" \"In Neverland he is.\" \"Are you his accomplice?\" Ace asked. \"No, I'm not his accomplice. I don't know him that well. Tinker Bell brought us here because Hook has our families.\" \"So, that's how you met Peter.\" Ace realized, both of the boys bringing down their paintball bow and arrows. \"I've known him my whole life, actually.\" Eve scratched the back of her head, \"I see him every year for Christmas break, but he's so busy with work. So I know him, but barely.\" The two boys looked at her and felt sorrow. They see that not only does Peter not remember Neverland, if he is Peter Pan, he became a grownup that is too busy for anyone. That is why Ace and Don't Ask don't want to grow up. They want to have fun, they don't want to have work to do or be busy. \"Well, since you are helping, Peter, we're getting you too!\" The blonde declared. They both held up their weapons. Eve got up and tried to climb out of the tree house, but Ace shot a paintball at her right leg. \"Ow, that hurt!\" She whimpered. It really did hurt. \"Get her!\" Don't ask pointed at Eve. She then sped off, running along the wooden pathway. She stopped when she saw Peter fall off because of Rufio. \"Why are you doing this to me?\" Peter yelled. Tink held onto Rufio who sped off. \"Rufio, you're the best with a sword. Teach him. We have to help him remember.\" Rufio flicked her off in annoyance and glanced at Eve. She caught his glance and saw him head his way toward her. Her eyes widened, and she went running off but got jumped by two boys who were hiding behind trees. She looked up at them, noticing that they appeared to be identical twins wearing safari fashion. They were sitting on top of her. \"Hey, get off me!\" She screamed, kicking her feet, coming back to reality. \"Peter, help me!\" she tried to get out, but the boys were holding onto her arms and legs. She can't grapple them in the position she's in. Ace and Don't Ask came running and stopped when they saw her. They held their plunger bow and arrows at her and got closer. Rufio saw what's going on and smirked. He stopped, got off his surfboard cart and stood in front of her. \"So, this is our brave legendary swordswoman?\" She rose a brow, \"What are you going on about? I fence for fun. What makes you think I'm a legend?\" \"Neverland is only so big. Everyone hears what goes on.\" \"Please, that legend is a fake. I would ask if it could be you, but then again, if it was you, Hook would be gone. I guess your sword means nothing.\" The smaller boys snickered. \"You don't look like a Wendy. You sure aren't as polite as she was.\" Rufio sneered. \"And how would you know that? I 'm pretty sure you never knew her.\" Ace and Don't Ask were taken aback but said nothing as Rufio sneered at Eve. The twins just held weapons to her, like they were the policemen of the fort. \"I'm not Wendy. I never will be. And I don't appreciate the look you're giving me; now let me go.\" \"Oh yeah, and what happens if I don't?\" Rufio taunted. He doesn't like her attitude. \"Then I will sword fight you myself.\" Rufio snorted. \"Sweetheart, I am a leader of a huge group of boys. Your skills will go unnoticed.\" \"Bangarang Rufio!\" The four boys surrounding them encouraged. Eve started to boil. She narrowed her eyes at him. \"Oh yeah? I've been fencing and participating in martial arts for almost ten years.\" \"I've been sword fighting for eleven.\" Rufio gave her a look, \"Don't try anything.\" She turned and saw Peter being chased into a basketball court. The lost boys and girls started to surround him. \"Oh come on, let go of me! I have to help Peter!\" She pleaded and looked up at Rufio. \"Rufio, please. I need to help him.\" Rufio rolled his eyes, \"You aren't going anywhere.\" Eve groaned. \"You know, I would grapple these two boys on top of me, but I can't in this position. They're lucky.\" Rufio glared at her. He just stared at her when a lost boy around his height was walking over. \"Hey, Sly,\" Rufio called to the boy. The boy has tan skin and short blonde hair. \"What is it, Rufio?\" Sly climbed up one of the ladders. \"Take Eve to the original treehouse, and lock the door.\" Sly nodded, \"All right, will do.\" The twins got off her and Sly grabbed onto her. She is small, but shouldn't be taken for granted because of her size. Eve rolled her eyes, took his arm, and flipped him over. Ace and Don't Ask looked in astonishment as the twins backed up. \"Sly, are you okay?\" Rufio sounded worried. He helped Sly up. \"Yeah, I'm fine. I could be better though.\" Sly held onto his back and walked off. Rufio sighed, grabbed Eve and flung her over his shoulder. \"I'll take her. Ace, Don't ask, follow me.\" He then walked with a kicking Eve on his shoulder. Don't ask and Ace we're right behind them, holding up their plunger bow and arrows at her. \"Put me down, skunk head!\" Eve ordered. \"I don't take orders from people below me.\" \"Technically, you're below me because I'm above you.\" \"When I put you down you won't be.\" Ace and Don't Ask snickered. \"Watch it,\" Eve warned the two who didn't seem frightened by her. That was when Rufio stepped on the floor of the original Peter Pan tree house and it opened up to a slide that went underground. Eve struggled as Rufio flipped her over and pushed her down the slide. She went face first on her stomach. As soon as she turned the corner on the slide, Rufio closed the door, having Eve locked in. \"Now what, Rufio?\" The skunk headed boy turned to Don't Ask, \"We go and get Peter, that's what.\" \"What about, Eve?\" Ace asked. \"Leave her there.\" Rufio gave an order, \"We'll deal with her later.\" The three then ran off to the basketball court where a few lost boys were doing backflips. The girls were jumping up and down while Tink was yelling at them to stop. Rufio slid down from a vine as the boys and girls chanted. \"Rufi-oh!\" Eve heard all the commotion and noticed a small, circle window on the tree house. She decided to watch what's going on. Rufio took out his sword and held it up, getting closer to Peter who was all sweaty. All he did was hold the sword over his head and then brought it closer to the both of them. With a smirk, Rufio declared, \"You're dead, jolly man.\" Peter then noticed that Eve was missing, \"Hey, where did Eve go?\" He looked at his surroundings. \"Rufio, what did you do with her?\" Divina crossed her arms. Rufio turned to her, \"Relax, babe, she's in the treehouse.\" Peter sweatdropped, fatigue hit him, \"I should go and get her.\" He didn't expect that to happen. \"You won't do anything!\" Rufio narrowed his eyes. \"Rufio, get Eve now.\" Divina crossed her arms, showing that Rufio went over the top. She's never seen him like this. Rufio glanced at his girlfriend, \"You know where she is. Go and get her. I have a lawyer to deal with.\" Divina nodded and ran off to go and get Eve. She opened up the trap door and saw Eve sitting down. The light brunette looked up. Divina smiled and held out her hand, \"Take my hand. I'm getting you out.\" Eve took her hand and Divina helped her out. \"Thanks.\" \"No problem. Now come on, the others are on the basketball court.\" The two girls ran to the basketball court where all the lost boys and girls are standing in a long line. Tink was floating in front of them. \"He can't fly, crow, and he can't play simple games. Eve and he are here for a reason. Hook has Peter's kids and Eve's brother, and I have three days to make Peter remember who he is and to help Eve train.\" \"Peter Pan's got kids?\" Too small asked. \"Yes, he does. Jack and Maggie.\" \"Those were the two he mentioned earlier, right?\" Divina turned to Eve. \"Yup. Not only that, Hook has my younger brother, Alex.\" \"How old is he?\" \"He's ten; the same age as Jack.\" \"Eve and Peter need the help of everyone here.\" Tink started to talk again but was interrupted when Rufio let out a snort. \"Is something funny, Rufio?\" Tink crossed her arms, sending the spunky teenager a look. Rufio turned to the fairy, \"What, you actually think this old man is Pan? I know Eve is the legendary fighter, but this man isn't Pan. He never will be.\" Eve raised an eyebrow. How was he sure that she was the legend? She isn't even fully convinced that she is. Rufio took his sword and drew a line. He stood on the other side. \"He can't flight, fly, or crow. So, if any of you think this here scug, ain't Peter Pan, cross the line.\" No one crossed but Peter. Rufio gave him an annoyed look and Tink took his suspenders and forced him back to the other side replying with, \"You are embarrassing me!\" The boys and girls, but Eve, Divina, and Pockets went to Rufio's side of the line. Rufio smirked in victory. He put an arm around Latchboy and Thud, showing that he cared about them. Rufio sent a nasty look to his girlfriend, \"Divina!\" How could she? \"I believe in him. It's about time everyone else does also.\" She earned a smile from Peter. \"There's no use,\" Eve sighed. \"We'll never get them to believe.\" \"We will trust me, Eve. I know he's Pan and that you're the legendary fighter.\" Divina said. \"How do you know?\" \"Trust me, I know. They don't believe that Peter is Pan, but I think they know you're the legend.\" Pockets put his hands on Peter's face and inspected him. After about a minute, he said, \"Oh, there you are Peter!\" Everyone looked in shock. Thud, Latchboy, Ace, Don't ask, Grace, Lily, and Too small ran over and started touching his face. Tink smiled, knowing that the boys and girls knew the old man was Pan and that she was right all along. Rufio stepped up in shock and stared at Peter. \"Peter, you're all grown up.\" Latchboy pointed out the obvious. \"You promised you'd never grow old.\" Rufio looked Peter up and down. \"He promises a lot of things, kid.\" Eve spoke and everyone looked at her, \"He didn't go to Jack's baseball game, which is why his son and wife are mad at him.\" She glanced at Peter. Peter didn't say anything. He isn't in the mood to fight with a fourteen-year-old. \"He isn't skinny anymore.\" Too small pointed out the obvious, \"He got fat.\" Don't ask squinted at his nose. \"His nose got real big.\" Lily nudged her boyfriend. \"He's got the same eyes.\" \"And hair.\" Grace smiled. \"Welcome back! I've never met you before, but it's an honor too.\" \"Well, welcome back to Neverland, Pan the man!\" Too Small greeted and Peter smiled. That's when Rufio snapped, \"Don't listen to that stinking fairy or that brainless fungus! I've got Pan's sword, I'm the Pan now!\" He declared, holding his sword up in the air. \"Do you think this guy is going to take it from me, Rufio?\" The others except for Don't Ask and Latchboy ran back. Grace was pulled along by Ace back to Rufio's side of the line. Pocket's stopped them, \"Wait, if Tink believes, then maybe he is.\" The same boys and girl ran over to their side. \"Are you going to side with this droola, against Captain Hook?\" The other boys but Thud and Latchboy ran over to Rufio's side. \"What's he doing here if he ain't Peter Pan, huh?\" Pockets yelled. \"He doesn't look happy here, and who are the kids that Hook's got? Give him a chance!\" Rufio was about to say something to Pockets, but Peter stood up and said, \"Those are my kids, and Eve's brother. Hook is going to kill them if we don't stop him. Help us, please.\" Divina looked at the lost boys, \"He is Peter Pan; Pockets is right. Tink wouldn't have brung him here if he wasn't. And if he isn't Peter Pan, then why did Hook kidnap his kids? Who knows what he'll do to them. He needs our help. Even you, Rufio.\" Divina looked at the teen boy who looked at her back. \"Come on, lost boys, give them a chance,\" Tink said through cupped hands. Rufio's being stubborn. \"I already know that Eve's the legend, and I know she'll help beat Hook. This isn't Peter, I know it isn't. Peter left and he will never come back.\" Eve then decided to speak up. \"If you don't think Peter is Pan, then how do you know I am the legend?\" \"I just know.\" \"Rufio, I don't think you get what everyone here is trying to say,\" Divina replied. Eve continued, \"The legend says that the fighter will come back to help Peter Pan get rid of Hook once and for all when the time is right. Since I am here, then Peter must be Pan. If he wasn't, then why would I be here? Why would Tink bring the both of us here? Most of all, why does Hook have them if Peter and I aren't supposed to be here?\" \"She's got a point, Rufio.\" Ace spoke. Rufio looked at Divina and then at Eve. \"Fine.\" But what no one realized is that he's doing it for Divina, the boys, girl, and Pan's kids, not for Peter. He thinks it isn't him, but it is. He was also going to help Eve get her family back, knowing that she is the legendary fighter. She fits the description. He wants her to have her brother back. \"Training starts tomorrow.\" The boys and girls cheered. Since its getting dark, Don't Ask showed the two guest where they'd be sleeping. Divina followed Rufio back to their room. \"I'm proud of you, Rufio.\" \"For what?\" \"I know that you don't think he is Pan, but you decided to help him and Eve to get their families back.\" \"I want the three that Hook kidnapped to be safe. Even if Peter is Pan, he doesn't look like him or act like him. He'll leave either way.\" Divina sighed, \"They're here for a reason, Rufio.\" \"I just don't want the boys and girls to be happy that he came back and then see him leave. He'll forget about us all over again.\" \"No, he won't. Just you wait. In the meantime, we should get to bed.\" Divina pointed to the sleeping Pockets and Too small right below them. Rufio kissed her on the lips, \"Goodnight, Divina.\" Divina smiled, \"Goodnight, Rufio.\" The two blew out their lights and went to sleep. Divina however, was excited for the next day. She couldn't wait to help Peter remember who he really is. She also wanted to save their families, but she couldn't wait for Hook to get what he deserves and to be driven out of Neverland, once and for all. ... It's later on in the day, and it became nighttime for everyone in America and daytime for the other side of the world. The lost boys and girls are fast asleep, except the pirates, of course. The small town of adults are getting ready to get a good night rest and work in the morning, all except the captain, who felt that his plan isn't working, so he's been mourning and whining about it all day, causing him to drive the other pirates nuts and to keep a distance. Smee, his assistant, is helping the Captain into his room at the top of the ship. The Captain sat down and sighed. \"What's the matter, Captain?\" Smee caught the stress that Hook's feeling. \"I don't think this will end well.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"What have I been talking about all day?\" \"About, Pan, Sir.\" \"Precisely, Smee, but I bet you nothing will work this time. he'll go and live about his life while I sit here in my sorrow, whining about my hand, the very hand he cut off. I should claw myself with my own hook because I didn't kill, Pan, when I had the chance!\" \"Captain, it isn't all that bad! You'll get your revenge.\" Smee stated, unsure if, Captain Hook, will actually get his revenge. \"What have I done, Smee? I am stupid for agreeing to a preposterous plan. An absurd war!\" \"Don't say that, Captain.\" \"I am stupid, Smee, stupid, I tell you!\" \"You want revenge, a lot of people here do. Even in the real world, regular people want some type of revenge on those that did wrong to them. It isn't all that bad Captain.\" Smee picked up a plate, \"I'll fetch you something to calm you down.\" He turned to the huge, long table with food. \"I am doomed to wait for three days. Nothing will happen.\" Hook doubted, but he's in for a huge surprise. \"What won't happen? What's on your mind, Captain?\" Smee took a bite out of a chicken, cringed, and set it down on the plate. He likes being a pirate, but the food goes bad, a lot. They won't have this problem if they go to the real world with hygiene, transportation, shelter, refrigeration, and fresh food that can last a while. \"It doesn't matter if it's three days or even decades. He'll always be a fat, old, Pan. I hate being disappointed, Smee! I hate living in Neverland! And I hate, I hate, I hate, Peter Pan!\" Hook cried. Smee stared at the Captain. \"Tink will think of something. She'll fix it, then you'll have your revenge. Three days is too short to change a person. Do you want something to eat, or did you lose your appetite?\" He glanced at, Hook. \"Yes, I did. I want nothing to eat. All I have to say is, goodbye, Smee!\" Hook began. \"Are you being dramatic again?\" \"Goodbye.\" Hook looked at the table with his small version of Neverland on it. It was his town; all the forts and water. He held a pistol up to his head. \"There's no stopping me now.\" \"Oh no, not again.\" Smee facepalmed. He hates when the Captain tried committing suicide. It was a regular basis now, and he always had to be the one to prevent it. He is really starting to hate his job and secretly wishes for Peter to remember and for Eve to kill the Captain himself, but he would never admit that. \"Don't stop me, Smee. Don't stop—hey, get over here! Stop me, Smee!\" Smee shot up and ran over to the Captain who kept babbling. \"Captain, stop!\" Smee shouted as, Hook, cried out, \"Smee, help me! I am committing suicide!\" \"No, Captain!\" Smee tried to move the gun, but it went off and the bullet landed on the table of the smaller version of Neverland that Hook built. They both sighed in relief. \"Don't ever frighten me like that again, Captain.\" \"Sorry. Right now, I just feel like I want to die!\" Hook whined. \"I want to die!\" \"Why do you want to die?\" Smee rose a brow. \"There's no adventure here.\" \"What do you mean? You don't call this \"no adventure\"? Being a grown-up, a pirate, a villain? It seems like an adventure to me! Come on, do you think there's adventure in the real world?\" Smee put his arms out to over exaggerate a little bit. He knows that there are criminals in the real world, but he doesn't want the Captain to go and turn, \"normal\". Smee thinks being a pirate is fun, and there the only pirates left. That's something to be proud of, right? Not to a normal person, but to, Smee, it is. \"Death is the only great adventure I have left, Smee. There is nothing here for me.\" Smee went up to him. \"Let's get you into bed.\" He changed the subject as he helped, Hook, sit in a chair, helping him get undressed. \"You're doubting yourself, Captain. Don't do that, you're a great leader and a great pirate! Neverland will never be the same without you. Even if you don't get, Pan, you tried, and you have his kids, as well as Eve's brother. To me, that's a great accomplishment.\" \"Don't be so jolly, Smee. Kids and adults like you and I get kidnapped all the time in, Peter's world. I'm not original. It's all over for me. I'm so tired. This was supposed to be the war to end all wars!\" The captain went on. \"And it will be, Captain. Well, I mean, maybe not for the real world, but it will be the ultimate war for Neverland. No one will get out of this one, we'll capture them all!\" Hook smiled at his assistant but went right back to thinking about his long, lost enemy. \"There must be a way to get at him; to get him where it really would hurt. There has to be something I haven't thought of. Where is he vulnerable?\" Hook asked. Smee stared at the Captain. \"That's a good question. Where is he vulnerable?\" He thought for a moment but shrugged and took the Captain Shoe's off. \"What would the world be like without me?\" Hook thought out loud. \"Take your mind off this, Pan, business.\" Smee opened up a chest of drawers that held Hook's shoes. It's weird how they're all the same, exact shoe. \"First thing tomorrow morning, we'll shoot some Indians. They're easy to shoot at. Plus, you love going over there on your free time anyway, because you've been practicing in case you find, Peter, and you did. The Lost Boys and girls aren't an option, Rufio is a great sword fighter, just as good as you. Now they have Eve. Besides, if we go and hunt Indians, it should get your mind off things. What do you say?\" He glanced at the Captain. \"I'm tired of killing Indians and Lost Boys.\" \"You are? Well, you have a point. You always kill them.\" Smee nodded in agreement. \"But it's always a suggestion.\" \"I don't think you get it, Smee. I want to kill, Peter Pan. I want to kill him! No one else but him! I want him dead!\" Hook declared, lifting up his hook. Smee sighed and picked up the cup that was on the table next to the dresser. That was when he remembered what his boss asked a few minutes ago. What will make Pan vulnerable? Smee thought for a moment. His kids! He'd do anything for his kids, so what if, Jack and Maggie, went against him? That means that Peter, will feel sad and be a lot easier to defeat. Then, he'll die when, Hook, fights him! Pan will be gone for good, then they can get rid of, Rufio, kidnap the Indians, the Lost boys an girls, and rule Neverland! Smee turned around to face the Captain. \"Lightning has just struck my brain. I have an idea. It has to do with Pan's kids...\" \"What about them? What do you have in mind?\" \"You could make them like you.\" Smee began. The Captain chuckled, holding his face with his hand. \"Say, what?\" \"We could make the little buggers love you,\" Smee suggested. \"No, Smee. No little children love me. In fact, no kid of any age loves me. They are all scared of me because of Peter Pan.\" Hook said spitefully. Smee walked began to walk over to him, fixing his shirt. \"Captain; that is the point.\" He set the cup next to Hook. \"It is the ultimate revenge! Pan's kids in love with Hook.\" \"What're you going on about?\" Hook wondered. \"If you get the kiddies to love you, they'll forget about their dad! He is too busy anyway. Imagine Pan when he faces you, he sees his own kids standing beside you. He'll see they don't love or remember him, and they'll watch him be defeated by the sleaze of the seven seas, Captain Hook! Not just that, Pan, will be gone for good. Then, you can get rid of, Rufio, Eve, kill or kidnap the Indians, your choice. But if Rufio and Eve are gone, no one will watch over the Lost boys and girls. You can kidnap them and take Eve—your choice—and rule Neverland!\" \"You know, Smee; I like it, I like it, I like it!\" Hook has a smile on his face and chuckled. \"Oh, Smee, what a great idea you've just had. Tomorrow, I'll make, Pan's, brats love me and he will fly again. He'll remember how, and if he doesn't, those dirty Lost Boys and girls, and even, Eve, will jog his memory.\" \"It's the best revenge, Captain!\" Smee smiled. \"It really is. You'll be the world's worst villain, and no one will forget it!\" \"Oh, yes, it is the best revenge, Smee. When he's gone, I'll rule Neverland! I'll be the best villain the world will ever have. You'll see in two days, Smee, he'll crow, he'll fight, he'll fly, and then, he'll die.\" Hook then started laughing evilly. Smee looked at the Captain and smiled. Just a few minutes ago, the Captain was upset and tried to commit suicide, but now, he was happy all thanks to the plan that they both have. Smee just hopes it will turn out the way they want it too. ... The next day came quickly with the sun bright in the sky. At the lost boys and girls hideout, Ace and Don't Ask are running around the fort with a few other lost boys and girls. Eve and Divina, are running with, Peter, who is carrying one of the younger boys on his back. Grace and Lily are in the front with their boyfriends. \"Pick em up.\" Ace started chanting \"Pick em up.\" Everyone repeated. \"Move em down.\" Don't ask added. \"Move em down.\" \"Pick em on up,\" Ace repeated. \"Pick em on up.\" \"Move em on down.\" Don't ask replied. \"Move em on down.\" \"Ain't no time to celebrate,\" Ace did some weird dance. \"Ain't no time to celebrate\" The boys shouted. \"You are old and overweight.\" Eve laughed, retrieving a look from Peter. \"You are old and overweight.\" \"Gotta lose a million pounds.\" Don't ask retorted with total seriousness. \"Gotta lost a million pounds.\" The lost boys and girls now are at the ground level of their home, having, Peter, reach down to touch his toes. A few of the boys were doing it with him. \"Get your fat butt off the ground!\" Everyone shouted. \"Reach up and down to touch your toes,\" Ace ordered. \"Reach up and down to touch your toes.\" Everyone repeated. \"How long since you've looked at those?\" \"How long since you've looked at those?\" The look on Peter's face was priceless, causing Eve and Divina to laugh. \"You know, this is actually fun,\" Eve replied, touching her toes with Divina, and listening to the boys and girls singing. \"I've never worked out like this.\" \"Ha, we do this a lot to train and exercise. The boys and girls come up with funny things to say.\" \"I wish I exercised like this more often than!\" Eve smiled. The boy and girls are now having Peter run through different parts of the treehouse. \"Shape up,\" Grace shouted. \"Shape up.\" \"Lose weight.\" Lily stepped in. \"Lose weight.\" \"Get fit.\" \"Get fit.\" \"Get thin!\" Eve taunted, causing a few of the boys and girls to snicker. Peter glared at her. \"Do you always do this to him?\" Thud butt asked. \"No, but it's amusing to see him like this.\" Now everyone's doing jumping jacks. Peter is starting to sweat and is having the workout of his lifetime. \"Jumping jacks are good for you!\" Everyone sang. \"Now your face is turning blue.\" Ace took over and everyone repeated him. Now it was starting to rain. Everyone was following Ace who was swinging his arms around his back. \"Swing your arms around your back!\" As everyone sang and swung their arms, Rufio was crouched down beside Ace, holding his sword and twirling it around in a circle. Rufio's analyzing Peter and Eve. When he first laid his eyes on her, he knew the legend was true. She looks like the girl in the book. When Pockets moved Peter's face around, he saw the look Pan used to make when he was a boy. He knew Pan was back, but he didn't believe it. The man would leave and forget them all over again like he did once. He turned to see Peter with two of the smaller boys holding onto his legs and he had to walk with them on him in the mud from the rain. \"Give yourself a heart attack!\" Everyone chirped. \"Or a stroke.\" Eve shrugged and Peter went to go after her, but the two boys were still around his ankles. Divina and Rufio held in a laugh. \"Gotta train.\" Ace said \"Gotta train.\" \"In the rain.\" He added \"In the rain.\" Everyone's in the winter wonderland part of the treehouse. \"In the sun.\" \"In the sun.\" \"In the snow.\" \"In the snow.\" Everyone is singing and playing in the snow. Ace and Grace are trying not to slip but eventually failed. Grace slipped and took Ace with her, and they slid by some of the smaller boys. Divina and Eve are making snow angels while everyone else is having a snow fight. The Penguins began to run away as, Rufio, let out a crow. The last thing before sword fighting is to have, Peter, do weights, and he did. Everyone's around him, encouraging him. After that, it was time for him to sword fight, Rufio. The older boys were at one corner while the younger boys and girls were at the other. Tink was sitting away from everyone. The lost boys held up their weapons and made some weird, chanting noises. Rufio held his sword up in the air and walked around in a circle, causing the boys and girls but Eve and Divina to cheer. Rufio faced Peter, \"Come on, Gramps. Give it your best shot.\" Peter gulped. He has no idea what's in store for him. \"Rufio's only trying to help Peter. Listen. Learn.\" Tink stepped into the conversation from her spot. \"He won't last long anyhow.\" Rufio snorted. Eve rolled her eyes as Divina gave him a look. \"All right, I don't want to hurt you.\" Peter raised his sword and swung it, but Rufio quickly dodged it and cut one of his suspenders. \"Watch your skin. You don't have armor on!\" Ace yelled as Grace came closer to him. \"I hope he'll be okay.\" Eve worried. Divina turned to her. \"He will be. Don't worry, Rufio knows what he's doing, trust me.\" Eve let out a sigh of relief. She knew Rufio didn't like Peter, but she knew that he wouldn't hurt him, or would he? She turned and saw Ace comforting Grace. \"It'll be okay Grace, Rufio won't go too hard on him.\" \"Are you sure?\" \"Positive.\" She turned back to see, Rufio, holding out his sword and letting out a war yell. The older boys echoed and Peter repeated while holding his sword in front of him. He ran to Rufio who moved out of the way and cut his other suspended, causing the old man's pants to fall down. The boys stared at him while the girls covered their eyes. Ace and Don't Ask covered the eyes of their girlfriends and looked the other way themselves, not wanting to see anything that they weren't supposed to be exposed to. \"You said Rufio wouldn't go too hard on him.\" Grace turned to her boyfriend, who just put his arm around her and said nothing. After Peter got his pants up, Rufio looked at Eve. \"What do you say, Eve? Why don't you show, Peter, how to use a sword?\" Everyone turned to see Eve with a smirk plastered on her face. \"Do it, Eve.\" Lily pleaded. \"Yeah, kick his skunk headed butt.\" Grace encouraged. \"We like Rufio, but we want to see him get beat for once.\" One of the older boys added. \"Yeah, go on, Eve, show him.\" Ace patted her on the back. Eve smiled at those who encouraged her, even though she decided to fight him the second he asked her for a challenge. She got up and took the sword from, Peter, as he whispered in a worry, \"Be careful.\" She smiled, \"I will.\" Then she walked into the rink. Rufio and she held their swords. She went to swing and, Rufio, tried to block it, but the sword she had gone through the middle of them, canceling the block. \"Come on, Eve!\" Tink shouted from her spot. Rufio glanced at Tink but said nothing. The two kept clashing and blocking with their swords for another five minutes with everyone silent, until, Eve, used the new move that she learned. She hit, Rufio's, sword from the side, twirled it as she moved to his left, and knocked the sword out of his hands, in a matter of five seconds. She then brought the pointed part of the sword to his neck. \"I win.\" Everyone started cheering, and Rufio smiled. He bowed and in return, she gave a curtsy. \"Not bad, Eve. You just got lucky.\" \"Nope, I'm just better than you.\" She smirked, retrieving a look from the teen boy. After Eve's victory, and a few pats on the backs, Ace, Don't Ask, Thud Butt and Too Small started painting, Peter's, face and chest, deciding to help him fly. A few of the boys are on top of a cliff, with, Peter, in a giant slingshot held by a rope. The rest of the boys and girls are at the bottom, sitting near a pit of thick, colorful water, holding up signs, trying to help, Peter, think of a happy thought so that he would fly. \"Think happy thoughts.\" Don't ask said from the pit. \"All right Peter, all you need is one happy thought. You just need one happy thought to make you fly.\" Tink educated. Peter was getting excited, \"I've got it. Not being in this slingshot. That would make me very happ—\" Rufio cut the rope and Peter flew through the air, saying the word happy as he went down. \"He's going up!\" One hollered. \"No, he's now coming down!\" Thud butt hollered as Peter landed into the pit of colorful water. \"Peter, are you okay?\" Eve asked as Peter's head popped out of the water. \"Yeah, I'm fine.\" He sighed, managing to get himself out of the yucky thick water. \"Come on, Peter, let's try it again,\" Tink suggested. The man shook his head, \"No, I am done.\" The smaller boys moaned. They hate seeing their old leader give up because they didn't, and because of him, they are where they are standing today, strong and fearless. They can't believe that Peter has changed so much. He was goofy, funny, immature, loud, fit, and most important of all, young. Now he's serious, mature, no in shape, fat, and old. \"Come on, Peter,\" Thud whined. \"You told us to never give up, and we didn't. It's because of you that we are where we're standing today! Come on, don't give up on us now!\" Ace pointed out, causing, Rufio, to quietly glare at him. \"Yeah, Peter, you helped many of the boys here. Not just that, you need to do this and remember if you want to help, Eve, save your kids and her brother.\" Grace added. \"I don't remember anything. Come on, I can't fly! What human being has the powers to fly?\" \"Superman.\" Don't ask replied. \"And Batman.\" Thud butt added. \"They're cartoon characters. I can't fly.\" \"You need to have a happy thought,\" Tink added. \"I don't have one. At least I don't think I do. Besides, what does having a happy thought have anything to do with flying? It's utterly impossible to fly on your own!\" Eve sighed. This was going to be a long two days. She turned and saw the boy named Sly staring at her. She arched an eyebrow and shrugged it off, thinking that he's looking at something else. Unnoticed to Sly, Rufio noticed the way he looked at her. He smelt a crush. He knew three people that would help him get them together. Two of them are Divina and Tink, but the other is Peter. Even though he doesn't like Peter that much, he can tell the man cares about Eve. While Peter and everyone else decided to take a break, Divina joined Rufio on top of the cliff, the beautiful blue ocean of Neverland in their view, the pirate ship in the distance. \"Hey Divina, I think Sly has a thing for Eve.\" Rufio began. She smiled. \"Funny that you say that. I have seen him stare at her, but I shrugged it off. I don't want to get involved.\" \"Why don't we get them together?\" Rufio suggested. \"I don't know if it's a good idea though.\" \"Why do you say that?\" \"I don't want to sound selfish, Rufio, but I'm pretty sure that, Eve, doesn't like, Sly. In fact, she seems like the type that never likes guys. If she does like boys, it's probably only once in a full moon. Plus, it isn't a good idea because she'll leave in two days.\" Rufio nodded. \"At least talk to her about it. Don't bring up, Sly, just think of something else to ask or talk to her about.\" She smirked, \"Yes, Rufio, I know what to do. Girls have ways of finding out things without sounding suspicious.\" \"Yeah, I know. Tink's, done it to me so many times. I remember when I first came, my birthday was coming up, she asked what my favorite hobby was and I told her I wanted to fence, like Pan. It happened. I was taught how to fight and I became the leader.\" \"Wow, that's interesting. Maybe she could help me. Eve seems like the person that catches onto things quickly.\" Rufio nodded. \"Ask her. I'll ask the older boys about, Sly. Sly never pays attention to girls. Eve must have something that he likes.\" \"I wonder what it is.\" Divina wondered. Rufio shrugged. \"We'll deal with it later. We have to train Peter.\" He turned to everyone else. \"Alright! Break's over! It's time for more training!\" Some of the boys groaned, including Peter. He doesn't want to exercise anymore. He's tired, out of breath, and he can feel his muscles tensing up. \"What are we doing now?\" Peter asked, gulping. \"How about some more running?\" Tink stepped in. \"We already did that.\" Peter puffed. \"Let's teach how Pan to swim,\" Rufio smirked as the boys and girls dragged Peter to the ocean water. Rufio's sitting on a rock, with, Divina, next to him, watching the old man struggle with learning to swim. \"Come on Peter, you have to move your legs too.\" Don't ask said. \"I don't want to do this. I want to go back to the treehouse!\" Rufio pinched the bridge of his nose, \"This is useless. He'll never learn anything.\" \"He will, Rufio. Give him time.\" \"Time?\" He turned to his girlfriend. \"We have two days left, and he's learned nothing.\" \"He will trust me. Tink wouldn't have brought him here if it wasn't him. Just be patient for once, please.\" Rufio sighed, \"Fine.\" After another five minutes, and failed swimming lessons, the boys and girls made their way back to the treehouse. Peter, sat on the floor, pretty much kissing it, thanking the lord that he's back on the ground. \"Stop being melodramatic.\" Eve crossed her arms and rolled her eyes. Peter ignored her, he just laid there with his eyes closed. He got odd looks from some of the boys and girls, but it went unnoticed to him, and no one questioned him. \"All right, boys and girls.\" Rufio got everyone's attention. \"Take a break. We'll help him train again later on.\" The boys and girls nodded in agreement and went their own ways. Eve decided to explore the treehouse some more. She walked deeper through the trees and found a small pond with lily pads and frogs. It was peaceful, besides the crickets making noises. She sighed and laid down next to a log, feeling tired. She closed her eyes and fell asleep, hoping that Peter was Pan, and wondered why Sly was staring at her.[Chapter 7] *Before you read this story, I'd just like to thank StoryWriterGirl101 for following, favoring, and reviewing this story. It means so much to me and for my fellow readers who haven't checked out her stories, I suggest that you do because she has three Hook stories and a frozen story, and maybe some more, but her Hook stories are on point! Her stories are so creative and I love reading them, and she updates her stories daily. Please go and check her out! Her stories deserve to be read, followed, favorited, and reviewed! I'm not doing this because she asked me too, I'm doing this because her stories are great, she's super nice, and her stories deserve more fame! Come on everyone, read her stories! If you have, leave a review on her page! Thank you! Now, on with my story.* CHAPTER 7 Do You Remember? ... It's later on in the afternoon in Neverland. The Indians are busy making a new medicine for, Rufio. The mermaids are gossiping about Peter Pan back with the legendary swords fighter and their loved ones, the lost boys and girls are at their fort, running around and having fun with, Peter, who isn't exactly enjoying himself. Hook, on the other hand, had Smee's plan ringing in his head over and over again. That's when the three small kids came into his bedroom with Smee, who gave them each a desk to sit in. Maggie and Jack are sitting in the front while Alex sat in the back. Hook smiled, knowing that their vengeful plan is now in place. All he has to do is persuade the three kids and make them believe that their parents and Eve really do hate them. The only one that he thinks will be a challenge for him is Alex. He seems smarter than, Jack and Maggie, and he knows that his sister doesn't hate him. Hook decided that he needs to be careful with that one particular student in the back. He began by taking out a chalkboard and a piece of chalk, and on the board, he wrote, 'Why parents hate their children.' \"Alright class, lesson one is, 'Why parents hate their children.'\" He underlined the sentence and turned around, removing his glasses and putting them back on. \"Anyone? Does anyone want to take a guess?\" Alex and Maggie glared at the man while Jack, on the other hand, looked at him nervously. He is beginning to believe Hook because his dad never came to anything of his Baseball games. There's always a sorry, but it kept happening. He truly thinks that his father forgets about him, but doesn't know if his father 'hates' him like Hook is trying to surmise. Maggie turned and whispered to Jack. \"Doesn't mommy read bedtime stories to us every night?\" The Captain placed his silver hook on her desk, getting her attention. \"You. The cute, little urchin in the front row.\" Smee came over to the Captain with a new hook and put it on. Then Hook continued, \"Why don't you share your thought with the entire class?\" It's weird to Maggie because the only people learning, well, sitting, are Alex, Jack, and herself. She sat up and looks at Hook with total confidence, \"I said mommy reads to us every night because she loves us very much.\" She informed with a tone in her voice, and a snotty look on her face. Hook frowned. She won't be easy to fool either. \"It's true.\" Alex crossed his arms. \"My mom reads to me every night when I want her too. I usually have Eve tell me stories because she's good at making up her own.\" He picked up his head, causing his nose to stick out in a bratty fashion. \"What do you say to that, Hook?\" Maggie turned and grinned at Alex who smiled back. Jack, who remained quiet the whole time, kept looking around nervous and sad. Hook and Smee, started whispering a little and Hook faced Maggie and Alex. \"Your parents,\" he looked Alex in the eyes, \"and sister—don't read to you because they love you, they read to you to put you to sleep. That means that they can have a few minutes of peace and quiet from your unstoppable, repetitive demands. 'He took my toy, she hid my bear, I want a cookie, I want to stay up, he took my toy. I want, want, want, need, need, need, now, now-now!'\" Hook grinned at the two. \"Can't you understand, children? They tell you stories to shut you up.\" \"Don't listen to him.\" Alex glared at the man. \"That isn't true, Jack.\" Maggie turned to her brother and then at Hook. \"You're a liar!\" \"You tell him, Maggie!\" Alex encouraged. \"I want to know what this man reads and eats before bed. He has no memory of real love!\" \"Me, lie, no!\" Hook stalled. He then got closer to the three children. Jack moved over in his seat a little while his sister and best friend eyed the man with confidence. \"That is a lie!\" Alex shouted, pointing at the dark haired pirate. \"I call a foul! You know nothing about parents loving their children, do you?\" Hook felt his heart ache in pain. This isn't going well! I need to think of something, and quick too. He turned to Alex. \"You must know the truth about parents then. Before you were born, they were happier.\" \"Happier?\" Jack asked. \"They were free.\" \"You're putting lies in our heads!\" Alex pointed at the pirate. \"You're a bad man,\" Maggie whispered. Hook turned to his assistant. \"Smee, flunk the maggot and the urchin.\" Smee walked over to Maggie and wrote an 'F' on her paper. As she picked it up and exclaimed, \"F? An F? He gave me an F!\" as Smee wrote the same on Alex's paper and replied with, \"An F? How dare you give me an F?!\" As the two kept complaining, Hook adjusted his glasses and looked at Jack who was staring right at him. \"Jack,\" he then got closer, causing the ten-year-old boy to move back, \"your dad went to your sister's play, but did he go to your baseball game?\" Alex looked up at Hook. He didn't understand how he knew about that. No one told him. He glared at the mas as Maggie went on, still complaining about the \"F\" that Smee gave her. \"Who told you that?\" Alex asked. Hook turned to face him. \"Why, everyone knows! Not only that, everyone knows what a selfish, cruel man, Peter is!\" \"Don't say that about my daddy!\" Maggie shouted. \"He's a better man than you. You'll never be like him!\" \"Your daddy isn't fair!\" Hook turned back to Jack. \"That last game was the most important day of your young life. It could have changed your life forever.\" Maggie glared at the man for not just telling lies about her parents, but for butting his nose into their business. She jumped out of her chair and grabbed onto his Hook, pulling on it. \"I wanna tear your hook off!\" Alex watched Maggie in amusement. \"Hey, easy!\" Hook turned to look at the little girl. \"I hate—I hate you, Mr. Hook!\" Hook chuckled, \"What did I tell you, Smee? No little children or any at all love me!\" \"Of course they do, Hook.\" Smee grabbed Maggie. \"Come on, you're depressing the Captain.\" \"Hey, let her go!\" Alex went to help Maggie but Smee grabbed him and put him on his shoulder also. \"Jack, you listen to me, Neverland makes you forget!\" Alex cried. \"Never forget mommy or daddy!\" Maggie remarked. \"And don't listen to what this evil man tells you!\" \"Find a way to run home Jack, run home!\" Maggie distressed as Smee disappeared with Jack's sister and friend, with their yells for him to not listen to Hook and screams of protest heard from outside. \"Run home?\" Jack repeated. What if his sister and best friend were right? What if, Hook, is trying to put lies into his head? \"Jack, you are home.\" Hook grinned at him, holding his Hook up into the air. He laughed. \"Right?\" \"Um, I guess. But what about Alex and Maggie?\" \"They'll be fine! They believe that Pan and Eve will come back to save them. They won't. Eve might try, but she'll fail, no matter what the legend says.\" Jack stiffened. He's seen Eve fence, and she's amazing. He can't believe what Hook said to him, but he didn't say anything. He wants to see the real action for himself, and if it means to pretend to believe, Hook, then so be it. However, he does agree with some of the things the pirate has said: Peter didn't go to his game, and he is sort of selfish and only thinking of himself. He isn't stupid. He doesn't believe what Hook said about his parents because he knows they love Maggie and him very much, that's why they had children. \"What about my dad?\" Hook shook his head. \"He isn't Pan, and he never will be.\" Jack sighed, thinking that Hook is right. He lost all hope in his father coming back because he's lazy and out of shape. If his dad does come back, he'll be happy, and he wants to see the real fight between Hook and Peter himself. But if Peter isn't Pan, then why is Eve here? Jack isn't stupid because he just realized what Hook is up too. Hook wants to use him to get to his father so he can kill him, but Jack will not let that happen. He smiled at Hook not because he believes the man, but because he has a plan of his own, and it's to see how his dad and everyone else will react to him becoming a pirate. He'll pretend he doesn't remember his dad, and then when he fights Hook, he'll step in and help his father and Eve. It's going to be risky, but he has to take the chance. Meanwhile, Smee's was still holding onto Maggie and Alex. A few minutes ago, he walked out of Neverland's main pirate ship—Hook's ship. Now he's in another boat next to the main one. He walked down a flight of stairs and down the hallway with the two kicking and yelling. \"Let us go!\" Alex demanded. \"I hate you too, Smee!\" Maggie made a face, causing Alex to laugh. Smee scowled, disliking the little girl's attitude. He ignored them and walked down into the basement of the ship. \"Where are you taking us?\" Alex questioned, whipping his head to look in front of him. Smee didn't answer him, he just kept walking down the end of the hallway and opened a door. He shoved the two kids inside, closed and locked the door to the two banging and screaming. \"Let us out!\" The two shouted, banging on the door. Smee walked off and as he walked back up the stairs, he saw two pirates. \"Pan's daughter and Eve's brother are in the storage room. Make sure no one goes in or out, and make sure they don't find a way out.\" \"Anything for the captain and you, Smee.\" One pirate nodded and Smee left. The pirate turned to the brown-haired man net to him, \"Wow, we hit the jackpot. Pa won't know what'll hit him.\" \"This'll be a huge war.\" The man agreed with his friend, and they left the ship to inform everyone else about what Smee said to them about the two kids being in the storage room. After a few minutes, the two gave up and looked around the room. It's more of a storage room, but there are a few mattresses on the floor with pillows and blankets. \"What's Hook going to do with Jack?\" Alex sighed, \"I wish I knew. I just hope Jack doesn't believe his lies and loses hope in Peter and Eve, because if he does, then we'll all be in trouble.\" And with that, the two huddled together, hoping that they would be saved and that Jack still has hope in his father. ... Back at the lost boys and girls hideout, everyone is relaxing. Eve is still sleeping by the pond, the older boys are playing basketball. The girls are huddled in a corner, talking and the younger boys are drawing on the walls and running around. Rufio and Divina are nowhere to be found, but no one questioned it. The Indians made them a new medicine so they guessed the couple is over with them. Peter, on the other hand, is sitting down at the top of the cliff, staring over at the pirate ship. Peter sighed and looked away, feeling guilty about everything, even know none of this is his fault. He feels sad for his son, Jack, the ones he's always breaking promises too. When we get back home, I'll make sure everything is different. This is a promise that I'm going to keep. \"Don't worry, we'll get them back.\" A voice said. Peter turned around and saw Divina standing behind him. \"Aren't you supposed to be with Rufio?\" Divina shook her head, \"No, he went alone. What's wrong Peter? You seem upset.\" \"I'm scared, that's all.\" \"Scared of what?\" Divina took a seat to his left. Peter sighed. \"What if I don't save them in time? What if I mess up and Hook hurts them?\" \"Peter, you'll beat Hook and save Alex and your kids.\" \"Speaking of Alex, have you seen Eve? I haven't seen her since the workout from this morning, I'm getting worried.\" Divina shook her head. \"No, I haven't. The last time anyone saw her was when we were teaching you how to fly. She's probably clearing her head, I do that sometimes. Everyone here does.\" Peter nodded. \"You know, I don't think Eve is that fond of me. She has a reason not to be. I stopped calling her father who tried to stay friends with me and I barely talk to them. I don't know them that well, and they don't know me.\" \"Peter, I think Eve does care about you. If she didn't would she help and encourage you to become Pan again?\" Peter thought for a moment. \"You have a point, but she is kind of being forced too. She is the legend, so people say. Her brother was also kidnapped by, Hook.\" He pointed out. \"Peter, if she didn't care about you, she probably would have gotten, Alex, by herself and not your kids, or she would have gotten the three of them and probably would have left, without you. She might not believe it, but deep inside, I think she knows that you are Pan. She's here for a reason also, not just because Hook kidnapped her brother. He took those three kids for a reason, and it's not just because he wanted to take random kids, but because he knows that you're Peter Pan and that Eve is the legendary sword fighter. \" \"I suppose so. Eve's a great kid.\" The gave a small smile. Even though she drives him crazy at times with her sarcastic remarks, she isn't a bad kid. Eve asks about Jack and Maggie all the time, and she watches them when they come over every year for Christmas. He hopes that their relationship will change once everything blows over. \"She is, and she's going to help you get your kids back. She cares about them too Peter, that's why she's helping you. If she didn't care about them or you, she wouldn't be here helping you. I don't think she is proud of the things you do and the decisions you make, but you can change those decisions. No one can change the way you are, you can do that yourself. And at this point, I think you're going to have too because you have to take risks, and working too much isn't good for you. You have to live a little, Peter. It's okay to not take every request for your job.\" \"I'm going to try too. I am always away from my family, friends, and kids. I don't want to be, but I have to if I want to keep my job. Not just that, we have a big house, I don't want to lose my home for not having the money to pay for it.\" \"Peter, there isn't anything wrong with saying no, and the house isn't a big deal. I think your children wouldn't mind having a smaller place to live if it means seeing you every day.\" \"Really?\" Divina smiled, \"Really. Having a big house isn't everything. There are more important things; family and friends. Life should be fun.\" \"I'm afraid I'll get fired. I miss my family and friends. I miss them even more now knowing that Hook will harm them if I don't fight him.\" \"He wants revenge, Peter,\" Divina explained. \"You have to give him what he wants. But you have to make sure whether you win; you will get Alex and your kids. Most of all, you have to make sure you stop breaking promises because if you don't, you'll have a hard relationship with your friends and family when you get older. Trust me, it's happened to some of my friends before I came here.\" \"I have a question about Neverland,\" Peter replied, getting off topic. \"What's your question?\" \"If you come and stay for a certain period of time, you don't remember anything about your life?\" \"It isn't like that. You remember yourself, maybe some friends here and there, but you don't remember everything. You don't remember why you are here, only Tink does. When the kids want to know why they are here, they ask Tink and she tells them.\" \"Do you remember?\" Peter turned to Divina. Divina sent him a confused look. \"Remember what?\" \"Your parents? Do you remember them?\" \"No, not really. I remember yelling and a man hitting me. Then I woke up here with a bad wound on my head. That's all I remember.\" Divina shrugged, then asked him the same question. \"I wish I could remember mine.\" Peter sighed. \"I don't remember my childhood. I remember seeing Wendy and falling in love with Moira. That's all I remember. Sad, isn't it?\" Divina shook her head. \"Peter, I know you don't think you're Pan, but you are. I know you are, and so do the lost boys and girls. You don't remember your parents because you didn't have any. You were the first boy to ever come to Neverland. Tink fell in love with you and she brought you here.\" \"Really?\" Peter raised an eyebrow. How could Tink love me? I don't love myself, and I don't think my wife or kids do at the moment. I sometimes don't even like myself. I have become selfish. \"Yes, Peter. Everyone can tell that she loves you. She drank poison for you.\" \"Really? I don't remember.\" He scratched the back of his head. \"You will, Peter, you will. Give it time and you'll know who you really are. For all the years of not remembering your childhood, you'll regain the memory, and it's all because everyone here wants to help you.\" \"I'm not so sure about Rufio.\" \"Rufio does, Peter. He doesn't want the others to get too attached to you because when you have to leave and go home, they'll think you'll never come back. Not only that, you'll forget them like you did years ago.\" \"I messed up.\" Peter stood up. \"I broke every single one of my promises, and I never made time for anyone.\" \"Peter that will all alternate. Neverland will change you. When you fight Hook to save Alex and your kids, you'll realize things that you never did before.\" \"What will that be?\" \"That isn't for me to tell. That's for you to figure out because everyone realizes different things about the way they live or think. Everyone wants to help you out, Peter; let them. Don't give up because if you do, you'll not only give up on yourself but Eve and her brother, your kids, and the children of Neverland. You're the only one besides Eve that can save them. Hook wants a fight and he won't stop unless he gets one. If he has to kill one of the lost boys me, or Eve to get a fight with you, he'll do it, trust me.\" Peter knows she's right. It is up to him and if he gives up, he won't give up on himself but on everyone else. Not just that, Hook, will do anything to get him, even if it means hurting the innocent. \"You're right.\" Divina smiled, \"I know I am, Peter, believe every word I just told you. Eve and everyone else here cares about you and will help get your kids back, along with her brother, even, Rufio. I know you will change your work habits after you leave.\" \"You mean it?\" \"With all my heart. They all talk about you, Peter. They're glad to have you back. They've waited for a long time, remember that. They never lost hope.\" Peter smiled, \"I'm sorry for forgetting. I'll remember what you told me. By the way, what is the legend about anyways?\" \"The legend says that Hook will find Pan's kids and Eve, the legendary swords fighter's, family and kidnap them. The legendary girl then helps Pan and the lost boys and girls get rid of Hook once and for all.\" \"Wow, the story matches our lives. Isn't that ironic, or simply a coincidence?\" Peter is now suspicious. Someone or someones wrote this story, but who are they? And how did they do it?\" Divina smiled sheepishly, and scratched the back of her head, \"I'm not the one to tell you who made the legend. You'll just have to find out later on.\" \"Thanks anyway.\" Peter then got up. \"Well, I should go and look for, Eve. I need to talk to her.\" Divina nodded. \"All right, you go and find her. I need to talk to Rufio.\" Peter gave a small smile and walked down the cliff and disappeared. He'd search for a long time, knowing that the fort was bigger than it looked. Most of it was the trees in the back. He'd search the fort first and then the woods, thinking about what, Divina, said to him about Hook, Eve, changing his lifestyle, and the legend. The legend is so ironic to him, and he has the feeling that someone in Neverland wrote it, he just has to find out who. Divina went her own way and went to go and look for Rufio. Knowing him, he's either practicing sword fighting on the basketball court, with the Indians getting the new medicine he asked them to make, or in their bedroom. She decided to start with the Indians since they should be done with the medicine. She doesn't know what it is since, Rufio, didn't tell her, but she'd ask the Indians. Rufio finished practicing sword fighting when he saw Divina walk off, away from the treehouse. He knows exactly where she's going. A few hours ago, he met with the Indians because he asked them to make him a new medicine. It's the ultimate medicine, the very one that he wears around his neck, in case he or the other lost boys and girls get severely injured. He ran out and needed more, so he asked, Tiger Lily, specifically to make him it. \"Divina, babe!\" He called, and she turned around. She ran over and hugged him, and he returned it. \"I was just going to look for you. I thought you were still with the Indians.\" \"I was, but I came back a while ago. Sorry for worrying you but I need to do something. I'll meet you in our bedroom, I promise.\" He gave her a quick peck on the cheek and before she could do anything, he ran off. \"All right,\" Divina replied, saying it more to herself because Rufio disappeared as quickly as she saw him. She didn't have time to ask him what he's up to. She isn't worrying though because he'll tell her later, and he always promises to meet her in their room, and unlike Peter, Rufio always keeps his promises. Divina shrugged and didn't think anything of it. He's probably going to finish sword fighting or play basketball. She thought, but she's wrong. Rufio has something else in mind, and it doesn't have anything to do with practicing for Hook's downfall or games, it's serious work. As Divina left to go to their bedroom to later meet her boyfriend, Rufio, on the other hand, walked over to the older boys on the basketball court. He roamed his eyes over at them until he spotted, Sly, running with the ball. He passed it to someone else and took a breath. \"Hey, Sly, I need to talk to you.\" Sly looked up at Rufio. He nodded and turned back to the others. \"Hey, I'm going to be with Rufio. I'll be right back.\" The others nodded, some said okay and continued their game. Sly followed Rufio near a tree. \"What do you need to talk to me about, Rufio?\" Sly asked, oblivious to why Rufio wants to talk to him. \"It's about Eve.\" \"What about her?\" Sly asked. He felt a little nervous but ignored it. Rufio leaned on the tree with his arms crossed. \"You like her, don't you?\" Sly's cheeks turned a faint shade of pink, which Rufio noticed. \"Your cheeks are pink.\" \"I wouldn't say I have a crush on her. My heart doesn't race around her or anything. I'm just attracted to her, I guess.\" \"I see.\" Rufio nodded. \"You think she's attractive.\" \"Yeah, she is. Not only that, she's different from any other girl I've met. She doesn't complain about anything—\" \"—Divina doesn't complain.\" \"Besides her. Eve doesn't wear revealing clothing. She doesn't mind hanging out with the dudes, you know?\" \"I think part of it has to do with her younger brother and the fencing.\" Rufio guessed. \"Besides that. She isn't super girly, you know, dresses and stuff. She doesn't wear pounds of makeup, not that she needs it.\" Rufio does agree with, Sly. Eve is very pretty, he thought that when he first saw her, and she's quite curvy for her frame. Rufio thinks his girlfriend is pretty and curvy too, but he does agree with his friend. \"I think everyone is starting to notice, Sly. Why don't you talk to her? I mean, if you're interested in her, then talk to her, but she'll only be here for a couple of more days.\" \"I don't like her in that way, Rufio. She's just different. Just like you said, she isn't staying forever. She'll forget me after a while, not that she notices me anyway.\" He looked down, his eyes showing how sad he feels. Rufio frowned, feeling sad for his friend after seeing the look in the boy's eyes. \"I understand, Sly. Don't worry, there will be someone else out there. If you see a girl and like her, tell Tink, she'll get her for you.\" Rufio winked and the two laughed. \"What do you think about Eve?\" Sly questioned, looking up and crossing his arms, getting back to the serious conversation. \"Well, I think she's very pretty, but she isn't my type of girl.\" \"What do you mean? Don't you like athletic girls?\" \"Yes, but I like girls that are more girly, soft-spoken, funny and romantic. Eve doesn't seem romantic dude.\" Rufio laughed. \"I'd never date her though. I already love someone else.\" \"Yeah, Divina is the girl you've always wanted.\" \"Divina is all those things that I look for in a girl. She can be funny at times. She's girly, romantic, pretty and soft-spoken, and she has great advice. But you are right about them leaving, Sly. I wouldn't get too attached to, Eve. She's only going to be here for another two days, and she'll forget about us unless she visits daily.\" Sly sighed \"I know, and don't worry, I won't get too attached to her. If I do and she leaves, I'll be sad because I know I'll like her more every time I talk to her.\" Rufio smiled and patted Sly's shoulder with his right hand. \"Good luck, you'll need it.\" \"Thanks, Rufio.\" Sly returned the smile. \"Well, I have to talk to Divina. See you later, and remember what I said.\" \"I will, Rufio.\" The two smiled at each other and went their own ways. Unknown to them, Peter is near, looking for Eve and on the way, listened to their conversation. He smiled to himself and continued to look for the girl. Young love is magical, and a person always remembers their first love. He continued to look around for Eve, remembering what Rufio and Sly were talking about and what Divina told him about five minutes ago. Meanwhile, Rufio walked up the ladders and on the boardwalk to his bedroom to meet Divina. He remembered what he said to Sly but then something popped into his head. Where is Eve? Rufio does hope she is okay. He doesn't mind having Eve around, she seems cool to him. He walked into his room and closed the door. He saw Divina laying on the bed on the stomach, reading a magazine. Rufio smirked, deciding to sneak up on her. He quietly walked over to her and bent down, wrapping his arms around her. She squealed and jumped. \"Oh, Rufio, don't do that.\" Rufio snickered. \"Aw, it was so funny!\" Divina nudged him. \"I mean it.\" \"Alright, I won't. What are you reading anyway?\" \"About this famous celebrity in America; Ariana Grande, something along those lines.\" Then she turned to him. \"Where did you go? We're you practicing again?\" Rufio smiled, \"I practice all the time. I'm too good.\" Divina smirked, \"Alright then, smart-alec, where were you?\" \"I was talking to Sly about Eve.\" Divina turned over and sat up. She wanted to know what Sly said about Eve. She wasn't going to deny that Eve is gorgeous and pretty muscular. \"So, does he like her?\" Rufio shook his head. \"He's attracted to her. He likes how she isn't showy or too girly; that type of stuff. But I told him not to get too attached to her.\" \"Yeah, her and Peter are leaving in two days.\" \"That's the point. He knows he'll like her more and more if he talks to her, so he isn't going to.\" \"Aw, that's so cute! Maybe we could help.\" \"As much as I'd like too, I don't think we should. If they get too attached, they'll both be sad that Eve will leave.\" \"She could stay here—\" \"I don't think she wants too, Divina. She belongs in England with her family.\" Divina lay back down and stared at her boyfriend, knowing that he was right. If Eve and Sly got too attached, they'd both be sad when Hook is gone because they might not see each other again. Even if Eve wanted to stay, she probably wouldn't because she is supposed to be in England; it's her home; and she will forget about Sly anyhow. \"You're right, Rufio.\" Rufio placed his 5'5 frame on top of Divina and kissed her neck. They stayed there for a while. That's when Divina remembered something. \"Peter asked me if I remember my parents.\" Rufio looked at her, \"He what?\" \"He asked me if I remember who my parents are.\" \"Do you?\" Divina shook her head, \"No, not really. The only thing I remember is yelling at two grownups. Then I got hit and woke up here with a wound on my head.\" Rufio stroked her hair, \"You do know what they say, right?\" Divina rose a brow at her boyfriend, \"What?\" \"Neverland makes you forget.\" Rufio reminded her, \"I don't remember my parents either. I do, but not much.\" She nodded. Rufio was right. When someone comes to Neverland, if they stay for a certain period of time, they don't remember anything. Either way, whether someone came or left they would forget. \"Rufio, what if my parents are looking for me?\" Rufio shrugged, \"Why? Are you thinking of leaving?\" She saw worry in his eyes. Divina gasped, \"Why would you think that? I'd never leave! I love it here. I came here for a reason, right?\" she never wanted to leave. Rufio grinned, \"Of course you did, babe. Tink wouldn't have had Ace and Don't Ask fetch you if you didn't belong here.\" \"I'm happy they did. If they didn't, I wouldn't have a perfect life or a hot boyfriend! I'd most likely be dead also.\" Rufio grinned and kissed her lips. \"I'm happy I have you.\" Divina pulled Rufio closer to her, \"I love you, Rufio.\" Rufio chuckled, \"I love you more, Divina.\" \"Is this a competition?\" Rufio grinned again, \"Maybe.\" \"You're on!\" Divina challenged. \"I never back down from anything. But I'm warning you, I'm no person to have a competition with.\" \"Bring it on, skunk head. This time, I'm the one that will win.\" Rufio laughed, \"We'll see. But right now, we have to start dinner. Want to join me in feeding our most trustworthy, Your Highness?\" Rufio bowed, holding out his hand. Divina flipped her hair and took his hand in hers, \"Thank you, Your Majesty!\" The two chuckled and walked together to gather some of the boys and girls to make dinner with them. As the two walked down the ladders, they each had different topics on their minds; Rufio's thinking about the conversation he had with Sly and Divina was thinking about what Peter and she were talking about. Rufio hopes that Sly doesn't get to close to Eve because if he does, he'll fall in love with her, and she may feel the same toward him. If that's the case, then when she leaves, he'll be upset. If they both fall in love, they'll hate to separate from each other, but he knows that Eve won't stay. She'll want to go back home, to the real world and grow up. Divina, on the other hand, hopes that they help Peter remember that he is Pan and that he and Eve get her brother and his kids back, safe and sound.[Chapter 8] CHAPTER 8 Neverland's Biggest Secret ... Eve was dreaming about saving her brother, Jack, and Maggie when it faded, and as it did, she felt someone shake her. She opened her eyes and yawned, and as she sat up, she saw Sly looking down at her. She looked around, wondering how long she's been asleep for. \"There you are. Everyone's looking for you.\" \"How long have I been gone?\" She asked, wide awake. \"A few hours, but everyone thought you were just clearing your mind. Everyone here does it once in a while, it's no big deal.\" \"Sorry, I fell asleep. That's all.\" \"I get it. You were exhausted from all that working out, and you have a lot on your mind, and a lot is going on right now. It happens.\" She smiled but then remembered when she came here yesterday, she flipped him over when Rufio and her were sort of enemies. Rufio has asked him to take her to the treehouse. \"How's your back, by the way?\" Sly touched his back, blushing. \"It's alright. A little bruised, but it will be fine in a few days.\" \"I'm sorry I flipped you, I really am. It's a reflex that I have.\" Eve chuckled sheepishly, scratching the back of her head. \"Sometimes, my guy friends would sneak up on me and I usually end up hurting them, so they eventually stopped for their own safety.\" Sly grinned, \"It's cool.\" \"Are you sure?\" \"Don't worry about it. I've always admired girls that have the ability to defend themselves.\" Eve smiled at his compliment and then sighed of relief. She'd hate to have one of Rufio's best friends hate her. She thinks that she is on Rufio's good side; she doesn't want another person not to like her. \"Dinner's almost ready. Everyone's going to the table.\" He smiled. \"We should get going.\" Eve got up and followed him back to the fort. Some of the Lost Boys are coming out of an underground kitchen, carrying out silver platters covered. The two walked up a few stairs and entered an outside dining room with a long, wooden table. Tinker Bell was sitting at a lantern post at the end of the table. Some of the Lost Boys and girls are already sitting down, talking and laughing. She smiled, seeing that everyone here is happy, even if they don't have families, but they do have each other. \"Eve,\" She turned to see Rufio and Divina walking up to her. \"What is it?\" She asked. \"Are you okay?\" Divina asked, with concern in her voice. \"Yeah, I'm fine, I fell asleep at the pond, that's all.\" Rufio got close. \"When we eat, use your imagination.\" He replied, changing the conversation. \"Be creative,\" Divina added. \"Creative? About what?\" She raised an eyebrow. It's a little strange here. \"If you imagine a food, it will be at the table,\" Sly answered. \"Um, okay?\" She's confused about what they were saying, but she decided to go along with it. She turned and saw the cute couple walking back toward the wall to watch everyone else. Pockets sat down next to Peter. Since there was nowhere else to sit, Divina sat across from the two, between Latchboy and Don't Ask. Don't ask was next to Ace, who was to the right of Grace. Lily was on the right of Don't Ask. Eve made her way between Peter and Too small. \"Hi, I'm Too Small.\" \"Hi, Too small, I'm Eve. You're so cute!\" \"Everyone tells me that.\" Eve looked at the big, brown eyed boy. He's a cute little thing and by looking at him, she guessed he's about five or six. She turned and looked at everyone else. Ace gave a quick kiss on his girlfriend Grace's cheek and she hugged him while Lily and Don't Ask were talking. Peter smelt the hot, steamy platters and picked up a fork in one hand, and a spoon in another. \"No, no, no.\" Latchboy stopped him, \"We don't use those.\" \"Then why do you have them?\" \"We have them so we don't have to use them.\" \"What's the point of having forks and spoons if you aren't going to use them?\" Eve asked, confused. Before anyone could answer, Thud, came by and sat down at the end of the bench, causing the other end to lift up. Latchboy slid down next to Thud, followed by Divina who let out a tiny yelp, and Lily who screamed and grabbed Don't Asks' arm. Don't ask came down yelling \"Whoa!\" as Grace slid down backward followed by Ace, who had his arms extended out to the sides. Then, Thud got up and the end of the table dropped to the floor. Lily, Don't Ask, Ace, and Grace had to scoot down a little bit. \"Thud,\" Latchboy scolded. Thud replied with, \"Don't crowd me!\" They began scolding him. Then he moved away and sat next to Divina as Rufio chuckled at the scene in front of him. \"Watch it, Thud Butt!\" Lily warned. \"Yeah, what Lily, said. Stop lifting the table!\" Ace scowled. \"Yeah, you could have ruined Ace's outfit. I just cleaned it! \" Grace dusted Ace off. He looked at her and sighed. Tink smiled and giggled silently to herself. Rufio was watching and chuckled, then came by and sat between Thud and his girlfriend. He looked at, Thud, and then at, Divina, and put his hands together as if to pray. Everyone followed, even, Peter. \"Everybody say grace.\" He said in a soft voice. Peter started to say a small prayer, but he was interrupted when all of the boys and girls yelled out \"Grace!\" then they removed the metal platters from the bowls and plates, grabbing from many of the bowls and plates. Divina's mouth watered, and she started to eat a piece of chicken and some corn on a cob. \"My favorite Neverland foods. Candy apples, corn, and bananas!\" A boy said out loud. \"Don't forget the paw, paw!\" Thud said, enjoying his meal. The drink he's talking about was a fizzy drink with frosting in it. Rufio and Divina were grabbing food and eating away happily. Even Tink is having a fun time, but Eve could have sworn that she heard the tiny fairy burp though. Ace is eating a watermelon and spitting out the seeds into Don't Asks' bowl. Don't Ask just looked at Ace with annoyance and went back to eating his food. Even the twins at the end of the table were having a fun time eating. The scary thing is that they ate and drank at the same exact time. Eve looked around and remembered what, Sly, Divina, and Rufio told her. She then got lost in her thoughts, thinking about chicken and a small Caesar salad, and then looked in front of her and grinned from ear to ear. She dug into her food and took a sip of the 'paw paw'. For some apparent reason, Peter just sat there with a confused look on his face. \"Ace, don't take my cookies.\" Grace turned to her boyfriend. \"You owe me.\" Grace sighed and handed him a cookie, \"You only get one.\" \"Yeah, yeah.\" Ace reached onto her plate for another one and Grace scowled. Eve and Divina turned to each other and giggled. They both think Ace and Grace are adorable. \"He always does that.\" Divina replied, \"It's nothing new.\" \"He must be hungry then.\" \"I guess you could say that.\" Eve raised an eyebrow at Divina, not knowing what she meant. \"Could you blow on this?\" Pockets put a piece of food near, Peter. Divina and Eve looked at Peter, who blew into the bowl like nothing was there. Pockets shoved the food into his mouth while saying, \"Thank you.\" Thud was eating a hamburger about the size of his head as a smile crept onto his face. Rufio looked at Thud, smiled, chuckled, and went back to eating, but not before taking Divina's hand, having their fingers intertwine. Peter saw this and guessed he isn't that bad of a guy. \"Is the competition still on?\" She asked Rufio. \"Would I ever back down from a challenge?\" Rufio smirked. \"Alright spiky head, it's on.\" \"I already have two points. Remember that.\" \"What do you mean? You didn't do anything yet. The competition just started.\" Divina pointed out. Rufio grinned and pointed in front of her. She looked and saw that there's a red velvet cake that wasn't there before, she loves red velvet. The best part if, it has a picture of Rufio and her with white frosting, and red and purple flowers decorated on it symbolizing their love, and their favorite colors. She gasped, \"Rufio, I love it.\" \"And,\" He gave her a flower, \"that's two.\" He moved his eyebrows up and down. Divina smiled. The flowers and the red velvet cake. She has to do something for him. \"Eat,\" Tink said to Peter. This caused, Divina, Rufio, Eve, and Sly to turn their attention to Peter and the loud fairy. \"What's to eat?\" He asked. \"There's nothing here.\" What is he talking about? There's a huge feast in front of him. Does he not see the huge chicken in front of their faces? Does he not see the funnel cakes or the huge cookie cakes with colorful frosting? Or all of the other fruits and vegetables? Divina thought to herself. Oh, wait...he isn't using his imagination. 'Why doesn't Peter see anything? Oh yeah, Divina and Rufio told me to use my imagination. Is this food a game?' Eve kept asking herself questions. \"Eve, are you eating something?\" \"Chicken.\" She said, but it sounded more like a question since it's obvious that Peter doesn't see the food and that he has no imagination. \"Eve, there's nothing there.\" \"Peter, this used to be your favorite game.\" Tink smiled. \"Wait, you mean to tell me that this food is part of my imagination?\" Eve asked. \"Yup, that's why, Divina, Sly, and I told you to use it.\" Rufio looked at Eve. It all makes sense to her. She did see some crazy foods, some she's never seen. Some of the food was creative, like Thud's cheese. It had his name and picture on it, but he ate it all. \"If it's a game, then how can everyone else see the food and I can't?\" Peter asked Tinker Bell. \"Because they have an imagination.\" Tink does have a point. Everyone here does have an imagination. They always have, and most likely always will. \"Now eat up.\" Tink nudged the only grown up. \"There's nothing here.\" The man whined, \"Gandhi ate more than this.\" \"He starved himself during the time of Imperialism so that his people would rebel. He hoped that it would drive the British out of India.\" Eve pointed out. This caused Divina, Sly, and Rufio to snicker quietly. Peter shot her a look, \"That isn't the point. I want real food. I want eggs, steak and a cup of coffee.\" \"You can't.\" Rufio snarled. He picked up a metal place \"So eat up you crinkled, wrinkled fat bag!\" Then he threw the plate at Peter, which landed right in front of him. The Lost Boys and girls stopped what they were doing and looked at Peter and Rufio. \"Rufio, that wasn't called for.\" Divina turned to her boyfriend. He looked at her, \"He's complaining about everything, babe. He's even lucky I decided to help him.\" The lost boys made an 'o' sound. Divina rolled her eyes and pinched the bridge of her nose while, Eve, sat there quietly, waiting to see what will happen. \"You're a very ill-mannered young man.\" Peter defended himself. \"You're a slug-eating worm.\" Rufio shot back. Eve gagged. \"Come on, you can do better than that!\" Tink encouraged. \"I can't believe you're encouraging them.\" Divina snarled. But that's when she realized what Tink and Rufio were doing. She got Eve's attention and gave her the look, and the light haired girl made an 'o' with her mouth an nodded, getting the message. I don't know about Rufio, but Tink's trying to get Peter to have creative insults like he used too. He had the best comebacks, but Rufio's mopping the floor with his own. I just hope that Tink's plan works. \"Yeah, show me your fastball, dust brain! You paunchy, sag-bottomed, puke pot!\" Rufio insulted. \"Bangarang, Rufio!\" The Lost Boys and Girls cheered. \"You're a very poor role model for these kids, do you know that?\" Peter shot at Rufio. The boys and girls imitated a bomb going off as if to say, 'your-insult-is- not-that-great.' Eve chimed in, \"Come on Peter! Show Mr. Skunk head whose boss.\" Rufio shot her a look, but she ignored it. Peter Pan used to have the best insults, in order for him to remember, he has to be able to fight, crow, fly, be a kid, and have some weird but creative insults. \"I bet you don't have a fourth-grade reading level.\" Peter bet. \"Hemorrhoidal suck navel,\" Rufio said without thinking. \"Or maybe a fifth-grade reading level.\" The boys and girls imitated a bomb, again. This time, Rufio slowly stood up. \"Oil-dripping, beef-fart, sniffing bubble butt.\" \"Someone has a severe caca mouth, do you know that?\" Peter started to get annoyed. Rufio didn't even have to think on that insult. He shot right back at him, \"You are a fart factory! A Slug-slime sack of rat guts and cat vomit. A cheesy scab picked pimple-squeezing finger bandage! And a week-old maggot burger with everything on it and flies on the side!\" Divina felt like vomiting while the boys shouted and yelled in disgust. There was a few Ewes here and there. Some of the Lost Boys made gasping sound effects and the girls whined. Peter stood up, \"Substitute chemistry teacher.\" He said unsurely. Rufio just stared at him, not knowing what to say. Got him. Eve smirked, but then thought for a moment. How is being a substitute chemistry teacher bad? Oh, wait, Rufio's never been to school. He doesn't know anything about teachers, or if they're good or not. As far as the Losy Boys and Girls are concerned, all grownups are bad. \"Go, Peter!\" \"Come on, Rufio hit him back.\" Sly, who's standing behind the teen, encouraged. \"Mung tongue!\" Rufio sounded like he was running out of insults. \"Math tutor.\" \"Pinhead.\" Rufio snapped. \"Prison barber.\" \"Mother Lover.\" \"Nearsighted gynecologist.\" Whatever that means. \"In your face, camel cake!\" \"In your rear, cow derrière!\" You lying, crying, spying, and prying ultra-pig!\" \"You lewd, crude bag of pre-chewed food dude.\" Peter tongue twisted. \"Bangarang, Peter!\" Thud hollered and the Lost Boys and Girls started to shout. Divina and Eve started clapping. Rufio looked frustrated. \"You man! You stupid, stupid man!\" He's running out of insults. \"Rufio, if I'm a maggot burger; then why don't you just eat me?\" Peter dared. He stood up. \"You zebra headed, slime-coated, pimple-farming, paramecium, brain, munching on your own mucus! What's wrong with you? Are you suffering from Peter Pan envy?\" \"What's a paramecium brain?\" Don't ask questioned. Ace, Grace, Lily, and he just stared at him while the others stared at him in awe. \"I'll tell you what a paramecium brain is!\" He pointed to Rufio, \"That's a paramecium! It's a one-celled critter with no brain that can't fly! Don't mess with me, man! I'm a lawyer!\" Peter then sat down, crossing his arms. \"Banning, Banning, Banning, Banning!\" Everyone began to chant. Some said nothing and just stared at, Peter, their forgotten leader, in awe. \"Rufio! Rufio!\" The spiky-haired teen chanted his name to try to get everyone else to, but no one did. Peter took his spoon, dragged it across his bowl and held it out, \"Oh, Rufio, why don't you just go suck on a dead dog's nose?\" Then he flicked it and different colored frosting hit him in the face. Rufio removed some of it but touching the frosting with his fingers. Everyone looked astonished at what just happened. At first, Peter, couldn't see anything, but there, on his spoon is colorful frosting. Too small turned to the man, \"You're doing it.\" \"Doing what?\" \"Using your imagination, Peter.\" Pockets answered for Too Small. Peter looked at all the food that was on the table and his mouth watered. There are fruits, funnel cakes, colorful cakes, sausages, a ham, and much more. \"You're doing it, Peter!\" Ace smiled. \"You're playing with us, Peter.\" Everyone replied at one time. \"You're using your imagination,\" Grace replied joyfully. \"See, you're doing it\" Don't ask pointed out. \"He has an imagination!\" Graced laughed happily. \"He is, Pan,\" Lily said to herself. She's happy because deep inside, she knew he was. And with that, the lost boys and girls dug into the food but Rufio, on the other hand, walked away and started to pout in the corner. Divina sighed, shook her head, and went over to him. \"What's the matter, Rufio? I thought you were trying to help him.\" \"What do you mean?\" He gave her a confused look. \"The name calling. Weren't you helping him?\" \"No, I meant every word I said.\" The teenager looked away and Divina rolled her eyes. \"Don't give me that Rufio, Tink, and you were trying to help him remember who he really is.\" \"Tink might have been, but I wasn't.\" Divina looked over at everyone else, seeing them digging into the food and laughing, looking like they're having a better time then they were five minutes ago, because, Peter's, using his imagination. \"Peter,\" Thud began and he threw colorful frosting at him, \"Catch!\" Tinker Bell laughed. Ace took a handful from his plate, \"Hey, Pockets, catch!\" Pockets face was then full of frosting and he began to laugh. \"Oh, Don't Ask!\" One of the other boys called out at the dark haired boy who;s touching the frosting on, Thud's, face. His face then got covered with the frosting. \"Hey, Eve!\" Grace called out and threw frosting at her. She laughed, took a handful of frosting and threw it back at Grace. Ace then joined in and threw it at Eve. One of the older boys threw some at him and Ace's face went blank. This caused all of the boys and girls, but Rufio, to have a food fight. Divina got some on her from Eve. The dark haired girl threw some right back at her and the two girls laughed. Tinker Bell even got some on her. Peter stood on the table and threw some frosting at Ace. \"BANGARANG!\" \"BANGARANG!\" The others started throwing frosting at him. Rufio smirked and picked up a coconut. \"Hey, Pan The Man, catch this!\" He then threw it. \"RUFIO, NO!\" Divina hissed. \"Peter, there's a coconut coming your way!\" Eve shouted. \"Peter, look out!\" Tink warned. \"Peter!\" Lily and Grace screamed. Ace saw the coconut flying towards, Peter, and tossed him Rufio's sword, \"Peter, watch out!\" Peter looked at the coconut. He spun around and sliced it in half. Everyone stared at him in awe. Peter looked at the sword in shock and Eve smiled. Maybe he is Peter Pan. She thought to herself. \"Bangarang.\" Thud Butt smiled Peter dropped the sword and looked up as, Rufio, glared at him, seeing that he missed the coconut and cut it open. He's even angrier that the boys and girls warned him. They really do believe that Peter is Pan. Divina just stared at her boyfriend, \"What happened to you, Rufio? You were all nice and now you're being mean.\" \"I don't want him here Divina. He isn't Pan, and he never will be!\" This statement caused the boys and girls to gasp, everyone but Peter, Eve, and Divina. \"If he isn't Peter Pan, then why are we here?\" Eve spoke and everyone turned to her. \"Not only that, Pockets, examined his face and his smile showed it all. If he wasn't, Pan, I wouldn't be here either.\" Rufio turned to her, \"Even if he is Pan, which he isn't, he'll leave just like he did years ago. He'll leave and never come back.\" \"Rufio,\" Divina raised her voice. \"Don't Rufio me, Divina, what I said is true.\" He shot Peter a look, \"He'll leave and abandon us just like he did before. Don't get your hopes up everyone, he'll go back and forget about us all over again.\" Rufio then turned around and walked away, leaving everyone silent. After thirty seconds of silence, Divina spoke up. \"Guys, girls; bathe and get ready for bed.\" Everyone left silently. The girls following Divina and the boys following Rick. When everyone was done bathing, Divina went up to Eve. \"Hey, I'm sorry about Rufio. I really am.\" \"Don't worry about it. I understand.\" Divina sighed, \"He's never like this.\" \"It's because, Peter, stopped keeping his promises. I've known the man my whole life and if there's one thing I know about it, it's that he's been too busy for anyone. I'm not so sure if he's who, Tink, says he is. I'm starting to doubt that he is, Peter Pan. What if it's a mistake?\" \"It isn't, Eve. You even said so yourself; you wouldn't be here if he wasn't, and you look almost identical to the legendary swordfighter, heck, you even have her name! Not only that, Pockets, spotted some, Pan, left in his face. He just got old. We need to make him believe again.\" \"You're right, I do look like her and I'm here for a reason. Maybe he is, Pan, and maybe he'll relax more after this. He might just realize that his friends and family are just as important.\" Divina nodded her head, \"I hope so. I have to get to bed. You know where you're sleeping, right?\" \"Yup, I'm under, Ace's, bed.\" \"I'll see you in the morning. I have to talk to, Rufio.\" And with that, the two girls went their separate ways. Eve crawled into her temporary bed and laid down with her arms under her head. She closed her eyes and sighed, wishing that, Peter, would learn from all of this once they go back to the real world. She hoped that he made time for his family and friends. A part of her felt bad for him since just about everyone that he knew was mad at him. She couldn't blame him though, his boss keeps him busy. The one thing she didn't get is why the girl in the legend looks a lot like her, and why they have the same names. Wendy has told her about the sequel and it's come true, and she has the feeling that someone knew that she'd be alive, but who are they, and how did they know that? How did they know that the story would come true! \"Psssttt.\" Eve heard from above her. She opened her eyes and saw Ace and Grace looking down at her. \"What is it?\" She asked. \"Do you remember the hideout that, Rufio, locked you in when you came?\" \"Yeah, what about it?\" Eve asked Ace. \"Follow us.\" Grace took over. The two got off the bed with Eve right behind them. \"What are you two going to show me?\" \"You'll see.\" Ace answered. They made their way to the original treehouse. \"Okay, what is it?\" Ace, crouched down next to the tree. There were branches and vines covering it. With, Grace's, help, he was able to remove the branches and vines faster. When the branches and vines were removed, the tree revealed a drawn on circle, and in the circle are the names of, Peter Pan, the original lost boys, and even the, Darling kids', names. \"No way,\" Eve's eyes got big, \"Peter Pan, Tootles, and the Darlings!\" \"Yup.\" Grace nodded and pointed to Peter's name. \"Does, Peter's, handwriting look the same?\" \"Yes, it does. Though, it's neater and smaller. Wow, he really is, Peter Pan. No one writes like, Peter, I can tell you that much.\" \"Yup. The proof is all right here.\" Ace looked at her. \"Not only that, there is more to the legend.\" \"What about it? I know everyone thinks I'm the legendary fighter, but I'm not.\" \"You are, Eve.\" Grace stared at her, \"We'll prove it to you. Follow us.\" The young couple slid into the trap door and Eve followed. She was back into the small tree house and looked around. On a chair, she saw a book. It was the book about Peter Pan. \"You have the sequel about, Peter Pan?\" \"Yup. Tink got it a while ago.\" Ace picked it up and went through the pages as Eve stared at the book, thinking to herself. 'Why would, Tink, get a copy of the sequel? How did she know about it if no one here knew? What if everyone here did know? She stopped thinking and looked back at Ace as he stopped flipping through the pages and showed her a picture of a girl, \"See this? It's the legend. It says that a brave girl or woman will come from the real world and help Peter Pan get rid of Hook once and for all.\" \"I know about the legend. But how come it's a girl? Not a boy?\" Ace shrugged. \"I think it's because there is already a boy; Peter Pan. Boys can't always be the heroes. Women can be too.\" \"I see.\" Eve nodded, \"But what does it have to do with me?\" \"Look closely at the girl,\" Grace replied. Eve looked at the picture of the girl and noticed that the girl had her hair color and eyes. The drawing looked just like her! \"No way!\" The teen gasped. \"She looks just like me! Divina and my friends were right! We look so much alike! How is this possible?\" The couple nodded. \"It even said the name of the person was going to be Eve.\" \"I know, Divina told me. I mean, I only heard the story, but I never actually held and looked at the book because, Wendy, would talk about it every time I saw her. How is all of this possible?\" \"Tink saw you from a very young age and knew you were the girl in this book. Eve, you are our only hope. You are the only one who can help Peter realize who he really is, and you are the only one that can help him defeat Hook and get rid of him, once and for all.\" Grace said. Eve looked at them in distress. She couldn't believe it. She really is the legend. \"It doesn't make any sense! How can a picture of a person determine who they are?\" \"The legend isn't that old you know.\" Ace answered her question. \"It was made about twenty to thirty years before you were born.\" \"So, that means—\" \"—yes, the legend or the person that made it knew you would be born in the next twenty to thirty years.\" Ace interrupted. \"Either that or they needed someone who is brave to help Peter Pan defeat Hook for when he came back,\" Grace added. \"Who made the legend up?\" \"People in the real world say it was made with the Peter Pan story, thinking that Wendy was the legendary girl.\" Ace explained. \"The people here think that it was made after Peter Pan left Neverland for good. But you'll have to ask the person that made the sequel and added the legend.\" Grace added. \"Who is it?\" The couple stared at each other, and then at Eve. Eve thought for a moment, then remember what, Grace, had just said to her. Tink, saw you from a very young age and knew you were the girl in this book. Eve, you are our only hope. You are the only one that can help Peter realize who he really is, and you are the only one that can help defeat Hook and get rid of him, once and for all. \"Oh no, Tinker Bell.\" She figured. \"It was her. She told us a while ago.\" Grace said. \"Why was it her?\" \"You'll have to ask her that,\" Grace answered. \"How did she do it?\" Eve sat down. \"How did she manage to make another story without anyone noticing that something was weird about it?\" The two stared at her. \"We don't know, actually. Tink doesn't explain everything, and we don't ask.\" Grace shrugged. \"I never noticed it until now. My family and the Banning's, have the same names as the people in the book. The personalities are the same also. Tink really put thought into it.\" \"She did. But hey, what people don't know won't hurt them.\" Ace smiled. Eve stood up and sighed, \"I guess. I can't believe that Tink did this. So did Hook get the idea of kidnapping my brother and Peter's kids by Tink's story?\" Ace and Grace glanced at each other. \"Um, not exactly,\" Grace smiled sheepishly. Something is telling Eve that it didn't have anything to do with Hook at first, but what if Tink planned something to happen? What if Tink wanted Hook to kidnap Peter's children and her brother? If so, that's a really shady thing to do, but if she did why would she do that? \"It doesn't make that much sense—\" \"It will once Tink explains it to you. But we should get to bed first. It's getting darker out, and I'm tired.\" Grace interrupted. Eve shook her head upset that Grace interrupted her, not letting her finish what she was saying. \"We all are, Grace.\" Ace then turned to Eve. \"Let's go to bed. You can ask her tomorrow.\" Eve nodded, agreeing with, Ace. She's tired, even though she had a two-hour nap about an hour ago. Neverland really does wind a person down. She followed the two lovebirds, thinking about what they told her. As Eve was strolling behind them, she began thinking to herself. How can this be? How can I be the girl that is only a fantasy? How could I not see that I looked exactly like her before? Not only that, our personalities are the same too, and our body shape looks almost identical. She now knows that she is the legendary girl. The scary part was that the picture looked just like Eve. The hair, face, eyes, nose, posture, and body measurements. She didn't understand how that when she looked at the book and read about the legendary girl, she never saw how it looked like her, until now at least. No one really had the book, since plays, musicals, movies and other stuff was made for the story. Because of that, everyone knew the story about Peter Pan, without reading about it. Some of her friends read the book, and some said the girl looked like Eve but many didn't pay attention long enough or didn't see it. Now Eve sees it, and she now knows who she really is. She doesn't understand is how she never saw how she looked like the legendary girl. It's weird to her. It sounds like someone knew that she was going to be like the girl in the book and that she was going to be born, sooner or later. It didn't make sense to her. It seems like someone either knew she'd live, or that they make the character exactly like her coincidently, but is that even possible? The drawing is amazing and looks just like her, it can't be a coincidence. However, there is one thing that Eve doesn't understand. Did Tink purposely have Hook kidnap her brother and Peter's kids? If not, then how did she know that Hook was going too? Not just that Tink, is the one who made the legend, so she probably added to it or made a sequel because she must have known that Pan would never come back Neverland unless he needed too. If that is the case, then how did she manage to change the story around? And how did she know that the legend would come true?[Chapter 9] CHAPTER 9 I Have A Message, Laddie ... It is later at night in Neverland. Everyone was asleep in their rooms, everyone but one person. Peter was up roaming around, thinking about his family, Eve, and Alex when he heard a familiar voice call for him. He turned and saw Thud butt coming toward him. \"Peter, can I talk to you?\" \"Sure, Thud,\" Peter walked up to him, \"what's on your mind?\" \"I remember Tootles.\" Peter stared at Thud like he had grown another head. He is starting to believe that this isn't all a dream and that he is Peter Pan. At first, he didn't believe the comparisons and accusations and, but since he came here, he's started believing that everything that has been happening for the past couple of days is true. Not just that, he's been remembering memories from his past, recollections that he didn't know that he had. \"How do you know, Tootles?\" He asked, after a few moments of silence. \"He is—well, was a Lost Boy.\" Thud held up a pouch. \"These are his marbles, his happy thought. His happy thought helped him fight off Hook for you and kept him here. He left a long time ago, leaving his happy thought behind.\" Peter chuckled, \"Wow, he really did lose his marbles.\" \"Yeah, he lost them good.\" Thud butt laughed. \"Everyone has a happy thought, but me.\" \"You do have a happy thought, Peter. You just have to figure out what it is.\" \"What would that be?\" Peter questioned. \"That's for you to figure out. My happy thought might help, you know.\" Thud Butt began. \"Really?\" \"I think so.\" \"What's your happy thought?\" \"My mother. Do you remember your mother, Peter?\" \"I wish I could,\" Peter said. That was one memory that didn't come to him yet. \"You don't remember?\" Thud gasped. \"What about your dad, siblings, or other family members?\" The older man sighed. \"All I remember is seeing Moira and falling in love. The next thing I know, we dated for ages and got married. I don't remember my childhood. That's why I don't talk about it, because all I remember is walking along a sidewalk, applying for a college that I barely knew about.\" \"How come you don't remember your past, Peter?\" \"I...I don't know. That's why I don't like the topic because what person forgets about their childhood? I know, it's kind of embarrassing.\" \"No, it isn't.\" \"You think so?\" \"You will remember, Peter. I know Neverland makes people forget, but it doesn't make people forget their good memories or why they came here in the first place. Neverland will help you remember why you were here as Pan.\" \"I hope so. I'm surprised that everyone wants to help me, even, Rufio.\" Thud snorted. \"Rufio's always a little cranky. He gets angry from time to time, but he's a great leader. I'd cut him some slack, he didn't have the best life.\" \"He didn't?\" Thud shook his head. \"His parents hit him, just like Divina's did. The only difference is Divina was an orphan, Rufio wasn't. He was saved, given a second chance. And do you want to know who gave him a chance to live? It was you.\" The man gasped. \"Me?\" \"Yes, you. Rufio might not show it, but he looked up to you and wanted to be like you. When you left, he took over. I don't think he hates you, he's scared you'll leave like you once did and never come back, and you will. That's why he doesn't like you that much, or at least it seems that way.\" Peter nodded. \"Thank you, Thud.\" And with that, he walked off. He sighed, not remembering being Peter Pan. He knows he messed up as Pan, a friend, and a father. It's now up to him to change his ways of working, breaking promises and restoring his relationships with everyone. The thing is, will he be forgiven by his loved ones for it? He removed those thoughts from his mind and walked over to the big tree house that made up part of the fort that resembled a huge mansion. He remembers Rufio trapping Eve there and moved the branches and vines away. He gasped at what he discovered. On the tree are the names of the original Lost Boys, Peter Pan, Wendy, Michael, John, and Tootles; Wendy's orphan. \"I can't believe it,\" He went into the trap door, sliding down a slide. He looked at everything. He saw the old rocking chair, the bed, and the original book. That's when he started having images of a little boy with light brown hair and hazel eyes fighting and playing. He gasped and jumped back, not wanting to know if it's him or not. He also saw the original lost boys and that's when he saw it, the vision that would make him remember once and for all. It shows him going to the window and seeing his parents with a new baby, forgetting all about him. That's when he remembers what Thud and he talked about earlier. \"You do have a happy thought, Peter. You just have to figure out what it is.\" \"What would that be?\" Peter questioned. \"That's for you to figure out. My happy thought might help, you know.\" Thud began. \"Really?\" \"I think so.\" \"What's your happy thought?\" \"My mother. Do you remember your mother, Peter?\" \"I wish I could,\" Peter said. \"You don't remember?\" Thud gasped, \"What about your dad, siblings, or other family members?\" The older man sighed. \"All I remember is seeing Moira and falling in love. The next thing I know, we dated for ages and got married. I don't remember my childhood. That's why I don't talk about it, because all I remember is walking along a sidewalk, applying for a college that I barely knew about.\" \"How come you don't remember your past, Peter?\" \"I...I don't know. That's why I don't like the topic because what person forgets about their childhood? I know, it's kind of embarrassing.\" \"No, it isn't.\" \"You think so?\" \"You will remember, Peter. I know Neverland makes people forget, but it doesn't make people forget their good memories or why they came here in the first place. Neverland will help you remember why you were here as Pan.\" He looked up at the ceiling of the tree, \"What if Thud is right? What if I am Pan, but I don't remember? Neverland makes people forget, so it is possible. But if Neverland makes people forget, then how come Divina remembers part of the reason she's here and I don't remember what happened to my parents? The book, the book! He looked over at the rocking chair and table, snatching the book. \"If I read this, then I'll know about my childhood.\" And with that, he skimmed through the first chapter and read the scene about why he is in Neverland. A little boy named Peter was born to the Pan family, making him Peter Pan. What a great name, right? However, one day, he went missing and no one could find him, leaving his parents in distress. When he was about five or six, he still had some memory of his parents and went to visit them, but what he saw made him sad and angry. His parents were holding a new baby! To him, he thinks they forgot all about him, but they haven't. They still have his pictures and everything, they are just happy for having a new baby. He felt forgotten and left, never coming back. What no one knows is that a certain fairy fell in love with him and brought him to Neverland, and when he returned to Neverland, he had Tink erase his memory. Peter closed the book and saw the images of him seeing his parents and the new baby. He now remembers everything, and he knows why he doesn't remember his childhood or his family, because, Tink, erased his memory. But what he doesn't get is why, Tink, fell in love with him. How could she fall in love like that with a baby? Everything makes sense now. He thought. But then what is my happy thought? Meanwhile, at Hook's pirate ship, Maggie was singing a song. All the pirates were listening to her as Jack walked up with Smee right behind him. The stars are all my friends Till the nighttime ends So I know I'm not alone when I'm here on my own. Isn't that a wonder? \"Mom sang that song.\" Jack sighed, remembering his mom and his life at home, and how he misses his friends and family. He wonders how Eve is doing. \"Jack, why don't you tell me about Baseball?\" \"I don't want to talk about it.\" He sighed and walked away with force by Smee. \"Wait, where's Alex?\" Smee sweatdropped, \"Um, he's okay, don't worry about it.\" At least I think he is. I hope that boy isn't doing anything he shouldn't be. Alex scoffed, they think he's stupid, but he isn't. His plan is already in place, he just has to pretend that he's on, Hook's side, and wait for his dad, Eve, and the Lost Boys and Girls to come along. He walked off with Smee, a smirk on his place as his plan began, hearing his sister's voice. When you're alone, you're not alone Not really alone Maggie continued singing with the pirates tearing up at her voice. … It's the next day in Neverland. The Lost Boys and Girls and the Indians were still sleeping, but the pirates, however, were already up. Captain James Hook came up with an idea. He would have, Jack, break a clock for each reason why he is angry at his dad. It is great for both of them because one, Jack is angry and sad with his father. Hook, on the other hand, made the crocodile that tried to kill him into a quiet clock. Since then, when, Hook, hears the ticking of clocks he goes crazy for fear that the crocodile will come back and eat him like it tried to long ago. After the huge tantrum over Jack's pocket watch, Hook took Jack to a room filled with the one thing he hated besides Peter Pan and Neverland; clocks. They are all over the room, and this would be the one thing to change, Jack's, mind about his dad ever coming to save him. However, Hook is unaware of Jack's plan and Jack is unaware of Hook's, except the 'Revenge on Peter Pan' part. \"Why are we here?\" Jack asked, pretending that he doesn't know what's going on. \"You see, Jack my boy, you are going to break these clocks.\" Hook smiled. Jack turned around with a grin plastered on his face. He remembered how this morning, Hook had a meltdown about the pocket watch in his hand. He was mumbling about the crocodile coming back to get him. Jack picked it up and held it in front of him as it started to tick. Not just that, his plan is already in place. After his plan works, he'll help kill, Hook. His plan is bulletproof. \"What is that noise?\" Hook looked around and pulled a horrified look on his face. \"I—I hear it again. Smee, it's that crocodile, back from the dead! It's revived itself!\" \"Impossible, Captain.\" \"NO! IT'S BACK, SMEE. IT'S BACK! HELP. HELP ME. IT'S GOING TO EAT ME!\" Tick-tock, tick-tock, tick-tock, tick-tock, tick-tock! Jack held the pocket watch up, chuckling to himself. \"Is that the clock? The clock that I never wanted to hear, ever in my entire life? Smee!\" \"You killed that crocodile years ago, Captain.\" Smee pointed out. \"Apparently, we didn't. Smee, I hear it!\" \"We smash every clock we come across, Captain, you know that.\" The two turned to see Jack holding up the pocket watch, laughing. He stopped when Hook made a face and grabbed the pocket watch out of his hand. \"No clocks are permitted here.\" \"The little elf didn't know any better, Captain.\" \"Well, he surely knows now.\" Hook smiled. Jack was amazed how a few seconds ago, Hook was having a nervous breakdown and was now okay. \"Now, onto business.\" He turned to the clocks all around the room. \"Jack, my boy, do you know what these are?\" \"Clocks, Captain.\" \"Broken clocks, precisely. To be exact of course; each one ticked its last tock. And now, all is well, and peaceful for the pirates here in Neverland.\" Hook put his arms out, showing the clocks all around them. \"Really?\" Jack asked, pretending to be interested. \"Just listen, my boy. Do you hear anything? I know I don't.\" \"It's a Good form!\" Smee added. \"Jack, do you see this? Come over here.\" Jack came over to the Captain who gave him a wooden hammer. \"You see, I smash clocks, and I smashed this one, my boy.\" Hook pointed to one on the wall. \"Go on. Try it.\" \"Me? What do I need to smash clocks for?\" \"You are angry with your father. We, pirates, hate clocks. We smash them when we see any, or when we are mad. It gets our anger out.\" Hook explained. \"Really?\" \"Yes, now go on. You know you want to.\" Jack walked up to one of the clocks and held the hammer in his hands in a baseball position. \"This is for not allowing me to blow bubbles in my chocolate milk!\" He smashed one of the clocks. \"Good form!\" Smee called. \"Bravo! Isn't that wonderful?\" Hook encouraged. \"It is indeed, Captain. This is a wonderful idea.\" Smee smiled, knowing that his plan is going perfectly. Soon, Pan will come and see his son doesn't know him, and he'll be sad, then, he'll die. \"This is for not letting me jump on my own bed!\" Jack smashed the second clock. He walked up to a third clock. \"For always making promises, and breaking them! And for never doing anything with me!\" He smashed two more clocks and turned around. This time, Hook and Smee, felt stings in their hearts. They don't remember their own parents, but it hurts them to see people without them. They aren't all that bad. Hook just hates Peter Pan and wants revenge. That's all he wants. When he gets what he wants, he'll rule Neverland and it'll be peaceful. Although, Eve will help him. He may get rid of her also, or have her join him. \"That was for a father who's never there, Jack. A father who didn't save you on the ship.\" Hook nodded his head. Jack started to tear up. \"Who wouldn't save us? He wouldn't. He didn't even try. He was there, we were there, and he wouldn't try.\" He sniffed, pulling his hat over his face so no one could see his tears. He may have a plan, but he still feels betrayed by his father, but he loves his dad and won't let anything harm him, even if it means to harm himself. Smee sniffed, turning away. Hook removed the hat away from his face. \"Jack, he will try. Then the question will be: When the time comes, do you want to be saved?\" \"Um,\" \"No, answer now. No, no, no, no. Opinions easily change. What you think right now could be different from what you think in a couple of minutes, hours, days or years.\" Jack sniffed, \"Really?\" \"Yes. Now it's time to be whatever you want to. Put your thoughts of home behind you. Forget what place of broken promises.\" \"Why?\" \"Have I ever made a promise, Jack, I have not kept?\" \"I don't know.\" \"Come on. Let's go! I'll prove to you that I don't break promises.\" And with that, Hook turned to the door and began to walk out with Jack right behind him. Meanwhile, back at the hideout, some of the lost boys were telling Peter of a bulletproof plan to get, Hook. Peter, Eve, and, Tink, however, didn't think it was a good idea. \"Steal his Hook, and then you'll crow!\" Thud exclaimed. \"Yeah, then you'll be ready to fight him!\" Don't ask stated. \"We still have one more day. Let's not waste it.\" Tink stepped into the conversation. \"Hook never keeps his promises. Besides, Peter will surprise him. Hook won't know what's coming to him. Neverland needs Pan.\" Too Small said. Peter sighed, thinking that the boys' were over thinking and bluffing. \"Then we can save your kids!\" Too small added. Peter stared at Too Small. The boy is right. If he steals the hook, he'll crow and have his happy thought and possibly beat Hook. \"Are you sure that this will work?\" \"Positive.\" Ace smiled. \"I don't think this is a good idea. If we steal his Hook, he'll get mad, and he'll really want revenge. He may hurt, Eve's brother and Peter's kids.\" Tink stated. \"I'm with, Tink, on this one. Who knows what he's actually capable of. We need to wait one more day, and be careful.\" Eve stated. \"Peter, you should listen to them. This might help you remember that you are Pan.\" Divina added. \"Maybe attacking first will get you everything that you need to remember who you really are. Neverland's hero: Peter Pan.\" \"If you are Pan,\" Rufio stated with a scoff. He wouldn't admit it, but he was starting to believe that Peter is the real Pan. Eve, the legendary girl, came and the book said she wouldn't have unless she needed to. He had to be Pan, but he wants to wait and see what happens. He still doesn't trust Peter. Eve and Divina shot him a look, but he ignored it. \"Do it, Peter.\" Divina smiled. She believes in him all the way. Rufio may not, but she does. \"No, don't do it. We can't risk anything.\" Eve warned. \"Why not try it?\" Ace asked and it was silent for a few moments. \"Alright then, let's get disguises.\" Peter smiled, hoping that this plan did work. But he already knows that he's Pan. He doesn't want to break the news to everyone just yet because the book he read last night made him remember the memories the small him didn't want to remember. Everyone cheered as Tink and Eve sighed and looked at each other. \"I hope he knows what he's getting himself into,\" Eve said. \"Not him, all of us.\" Tink shot Peter a look but he didn't notice it as everyone else was running around getting costumes. He has no choice but to go on with the plan. If he does, he'll challenge Hook and get Alex and his kids back. It'll be a piece of cake, right? … At a sandy arena, the pirates were together sitting, ready to watch a baseball game that Hook had set up for Jack. Everyone was holding up small flags and were cheering to see Jack on the field with another team. It was Jack's turn to bat after his team got out their opponent. Hook is sitting on one of his bleachers with one of the prostitutes next to him. She is wearing a blonde wig and took much make-up. Unknown to any of them, four pirates came from behind the bleachers, removing their disguises. Ace, Don't Ask and Thud butt removed the coats from their faces as Peter helped the three small boys from their shoulders. Don't ask, Ace, Latchboy, Too Small, Thud Butt, and Peter came in, took off their disguises, and huddled in one corner as. Peter started to look around and motioned for the boys' to follow him. They looked around once more and ran closer to the bleachers. \"If you steal his Hook, then he'll cry.\" Too small began. \"Yeah, then you'll crow like Pan,\" Thud added. Hook, unknown to any of this, looked at the girl next to him. \"Come on Priscilla, un-hook me. The game is about to start.\" The prostitute grinned, removed his Hook and placed it down next to him. \"I need my Buckley, where is my Buckley?\" \"Oh yes, Captain. It's right here.\" Priscilla smiled and handed him his cup. The boys were pointing at the cup, trying to get, Peter's, attention. \"Take his Hook.\" Ace said. \"If you take his Hook, you'll crow,\" Latchboy added. \"Yeah—then Hook will want to fight you. Or he might just give Alex and your kids back.\" Thud stated. \"Come on, Peter, take a risk.\" The boys kept repeating the same thing and he decided to go for it. He walked over, climbed a step and knelt down to take the Hook, but saw what was going on in front of him. The pirates are playing Baseball and up next to bat was his one and only son, Jack. He stopped and knelt down a little more, ready to watch his son. \"Yes, yes Jack! Now, this is for all the games your daddy missed.\" Hook smiled as Priscilla fanned herself. Someone should feel bad for her. She's wearing a heavy dress, a wig and about ten pounds of makeup. It must be hot in all of that. Peter glanced at Hook but said nothing but he did feel guilty. He didn't keep his promises to Jack and now his son is playing Baseball with pirates, people who kidnapped his sister, him and are trying to kill Pan. \"What are you waiting for? Just take it.\" Too small said from behind, getting annoyed. He's not beginning to think that they should have just listened to, Eve and Tink. It's too late, they're already on the ship. They can't back down now. \"Just take it!\" Don't ask shouted in a whisper. \"What's he looking at?\" Ace tried to look. \"Come on, it's right there.\" They kept nudging him. He turned to the game and saw Smee pitching, dancing and making weird moved to distract Jack. He threw the ball and Jack missed. \"Jack, Jack, he's the man. If he can't do it, no one can.\" A group chanted as one of the pirates on first base to run to second base when he wasn't supposed to. The Lost boys became curious and went toward the bleachers and stood behind it, watching the scene in front of them. \"What game is this?\" Too Small asked. \"It's Baseball.\" Peter answered, \"It's Jack's favorite game.\" \"I wonder where Maggie and Alex are.\" Ace wondered. Peter felt a metaphorical knife stab his heart. \"We'll just have to wait and find out.\" Peter's eyes narrowed, not looking at them. The boys were silent. \"You hit Peter's soft spot.\" Don't Ask whispered. \"Sorry.\" Ace mumbled. Fortunately, Peter heard this and a small smile formed on his face; the boys' thought it was because he's watching his son play Baseball and is remembering the memories with him. \"He's stealing base!\" One pirated yelled out, causing, Hook, to shoot the pirates with his gun and from everyone else to shoot up. \"No, no, no! We are playing this game by Jack's rules. Now sit back down and let's resume the game!\" Hook ordered and everyone sat back down. Jack held up his bat and was ready to play when from above on a deck, a group of pirates were holding up posters yelling, \"Run Home, Jack!\" And they kept chanting it. Jack put down his bat. \"Run home?\" He then felt sad because he forgot all about his dad, Eve, Alex, and Maggie. He forgot about everyone and began to feel homesick. His plan popped up in his mind and he smiled at the thought of being with his family again. \"No! They've got it all wrong! Tell them to switch home and run.\" The pirates holding the posters looked at one another and some of them switched. They looked at the posters again and started to chant, \"Home run, Jack.\" Jack smiled and got ready to hit the ball, forgetting about his friends, family and about home. He felt that this was a second chance for him because his dad, like usual is too busy to come to anything of his and missed his game, causing him to lose. Smee was getting ready to throw the ball. \"He can't hit a curve,\" Peter said to himself. \"What if he throws a curve?\" Smee threw the ball and Jack hit it, causing him to get a home run and he ran the bases with pirates cheering and high fiving him. Without him knowing, Peter was watching and smiled. \"Good job, Jack.\" He said, even though no one would hear him. \"Good job, Jack! That's my boy, son!\" Hook cried as pirates lifted Jack up and celebrated. \"My Jack!\" Peter's smile when to a frown. Then he gasped and felt his heart tear apart. \"My son!\" He jumped out of his hiding spot and shouted, \"Jack is my son!\" Everyone stopped and looked at him. The Lost boys gasped. Two pirates grabbed onto, Jack, and pulled him away from, Hook. They don't want his father to take him. The victor at tomorrows war will declare, Jack and his sister. \"Peter, get back here!\" Don't ask cried. \"Well, well, well, look who we have here.\" Hook grinned. \"Those lost boys and Peter Banning. Isn't it lovely to see you? You should have written, we would have saved you a seat for the game, Oh wait, you're too busy.\" The pirates then started to laugh as Jack just stared at his dad. This is my chance. The ten-year-old thought to himself. Just act confused. \"Where are Alex and Maggie?\" Don't ask demanded to know. Hook turned to him, \"Don't worry about it, boy.\" \"I will worry about it.\" Don't ask replied and earned a high five from Ace. \"I want my son back.\" Peter crossed his arms. \"Is that so?\" Hook raised a brow. \"I just said I want my son, daughter, and Eve's brother back!\" \"We came here to steal his hook, not to get your son back!\" Pockets shouted and the pirates turned to him. \"We still have one more day! It was supposed to make you crow!\" \"You are Peter Pan, Peter.\" Too Small believed. \"Too bad! He doesn't want you.\" Hook turned to Peter. \"Besides, tomorrows victor will declare the boy. We all know who he will choose anyway.\" \"Jack, it's me, your dad.\" The pirates let go of Jack and he stared at his father. He turned to Hook and walked behind him, looking at the scene in front of him, acting like he hates his dad and doesn't remember him. I'm such a good actor. He thought to himself. He hid behind Hook who laughed evilly. \"Jack?\" Peter gasped. \"You see, Peter? He doesn't want you. You are greedy and you break promises. I bet he doesn't remember you.\" \"He does too. Don't you, Jack?\" Jack shook his head and the Lost Boys gasped. They couldn't believe that Jack doesn't remember his own father, and it's only been two days. That's when they remembered that Neverland makes you forget. But what if Jack does remember? What if he just doesn't want to? \"How come he doesn't remember?\" Too small asked Ace. \"The same reason why Peter doesn't remember being, Pan. If you come here, you will forget everything, but if you leave here, you forget also.\" \"So, people forget either way?\" \"Yes, that's why people don't know if Neverland exists because when they come, they forget all about it. I think Jack remembers his dad, he just doesn't want to because he's disappointed in him.\" \"Does that mean that Maggie won't remember him? Or that Alex won't remember, Eve?\" Too Small asked, with worry clearly visible in his voice. The lost boys were silent. None of them could answer that question. \"Why are you doing this?\" Peter asked. \"I want revenge on Peter Pan!\" Hook spat, causing the boys to step back. \"Pan took off my hand, forcing me to wear a Hook. That's where I got my name from. You see, I am the most feared pirate of them all.\" \"That's because you're short-tempered and you shoot everyone.\" Don't ask crossed his arms, causing the boys to snicker. \"And lonely,\" Ace added and got the boys laughing, even some of the pirates snickered, but stopped as quickly as they started. Hook would shoot them. Hook turned to him and the boys stopped snickering. \"You see, my boy, I am not as easy tempered as I used to be. Pan drives me mad. I want him dead!\" The boys gasped as the pirates were watching what was going on; the scene amused them and was much more entertaining than Jack's athletic skills. \"I'm right here, Hook!\" Peter waved his hands. \"You are NOT Peter Pan! You are an fat, old, greedy man!\" \"That isn't true!\" \"Oh, but it is!\" Hook accused, \"You aren't Pan; Pan is an annoying, little brat! He always bothered me and got the best of me by taking my hand.\" \"Pan is the best there ever was.\" Pockets stated, \"He was always better than you, and he still is.\" \"I happen to disagree.\" \"It doesn't matter if you disagree or not. It's the truth.\" \"Pan isn't here, boy.\" Hook turned to him. \"This isn't Peter Pan. This is a regular grown up!\" \"Yeah, like you're the one to talk.\" Ace crossed his arms. \"He isn't a regular grown up!\" Latchboy sassed. \"He just doesn't remember.\" He said with sorrow. \"If he isn't Pan, then why is Eve here?\" Thud shouted. \"She came just like the legend said.\" The pirates stared at the boys', knowing that Thud does have a point. The lost boys smiled and crossed their arms in a snotty, know-it-all way. That's when Hook came up with an idea. Eve is better than him, but she would do anything for her friends and family. He's losing hope in Peter and knows for a fact that he isn't Pan and he never will be. Eve looks just like the legendary girl. What if Eve has to fight alone? She'll be outnumbered, and then he can take her too and make her one of him and kill Peter. He smirked at his plan and decided to give it a shot. \"Ah, Eve is here, indeed. Tink was right about that. But I am starting to doubt that this is Pan, my long, lost enemy.\" \"He is, he just doesn't remember.\" Too small said. \"And he never will.\" Hook stated. \"He will, someday.\" Too small hoped. This caused, Ace, to rub his shoulder. \"Nonsense, my boy. This isn't Peter Pan. This is, Peter Banning, a greedy lawyer who only cares for fame!\" \"That isn't true!\" Thud cried. \"Oh, but it is!\" Peter sighed, knowing that Hook is right. He is fat, old and greedy. He wouldn't admit that the evil pirate is right. He turned to the boys who looked down in disappointment. He doesn't want them to lose hope in him. He did the one thing that any parent would do. He stepped closer and re-crossed his arms. \"I want you to release my kids' and Eve's brother.\" The Lost Boys smiled, knowing that's what Peter Pan would say in an instant. \"This is the Pan we knew, boys'.\" Too Small's eyes formed tears, but they didn't fall down. Don't Ask rubbed his shoulder. \"Is that so?\" Hook raised an eyebrow. \"Well then, if you want them, you have to fight for them!\" He challenged, grinning that his plan is now in place. They won't know what hit them. Peter ran over to Hook and the pirates, determined to get Alex and his kids' back. He knows that he is Peter Pan and somehow, he will save his kids and Alex. That's the one thing he didn't think about, how to save them and he has no idea of Hook's plan. \"Peter, don't!\" The boys' shouted while Hook yelled, \"Seize him!\" \"What?\" One pirate asked. The lost boys gasped and ran over to them. \"Seize him! Go! He isn't Pan, he's a regular grown up! He's no use to those boys, and he won't save anyone!\" Jack's eyes widened. What? Hook has a plan also? I didn't see this coming! Not only is my father in trouble, but that must mean that Eve will be too! She needs my father's help to defeat Hook! My plan isn't working anymore! I'll just act a little longer, and then I'll free my father, sister, and Alex — then help get rid of Hook. I think my plan has some hope in it. Peter's eyes got wide and he started to run back to the lost boys who were coming closer, but a group of pirates surrounded and grabbed him as the lost boys stepped back in shock and fear. Ace is the one that stayed in his place. The lost boys stopped in defeat. They have to admit, they didn't see this coming. \"Peter!\" Ace ran up and he glared at Hook. \"That isn't fair. You made a deal with, Tinker Bell. He has one day left!\" \"Why my boy, with the condition that he is in, he'll never remember.\" This reply made the pirates laugh and caused Peter to sulk. \"He will just give us one more day!\" Ace pleaded. \"His training isn't over!\" \"It's too late for that. This isn't, Pan, and he never will be. He isn't any use to me, but he will be for your leader, and the legendary sword fighter. I have a message, laddie, tell Eve if she wants Peter, Maggie, Jack, and her brother back, she'll have to fight me. Let's see how tough and great of a fighter she really is!\" Then he laughed as the pirates took Peter away. The lost boys stared at each other and ran back to the fort as fast as they could, scared of what will happen to Peter. Not only has Eve lost her brother, but they have lost the man that could have been Pan. They ran off as Jack looked back at them, feeling scared for the near future. He turned to see the pirates drag his father off while Hook laughed on the sidelines. Jack felt like crying but stiffened up. He won't let Hook win; he lost once and he will lose again—Jack will make sure of it.[Chapter 10] PREVIOUSLY ON SECRETS OF THE NEVERLAND HEROES: \"Good job, Jack! That's my boy, son!\" Hook cried as pirates lifted Jack up and celebrated. \"My Jack!\" Peter's smile when to a frown. Then he gasped and felt his heart tear apart. \"My son!\" He jumped out of his hiding spot and shouted, \"Jack is my son!\" Everyone stopped and looked at him. The Lost boys gasped. Two pirates grabbed onto, Jack, and pulled him away from, Hook. They don't want his father to take him. The victor at tomorrows war will declare, Jack and his sister. \"Peter, get back here!\" Don't ask cried. \"Well, well, well, look who we have here.\" Hook grinned. \"Those lost boys and Peter Banning. Isn't it lovely to see you? You should have written, we would have saved you a seat for the game, Oh wait, you're too busy.\" The pirates then started to laugh as Jack just stared at his dad. This is my chance. The ten-year-old thought to himself. Just act confused. \"Where are Alex and Maggie?\" Don't ask demanded to know. Hook turned to him, \"Don't worry about it, boy.\" \"I will worry about it.\" Don't ask replied and earned a high five from Ace. \"I want my son back.\" Peter crossed his arms. \"Is that so?\" Hook raised a brow. \"I just said I want my son, daughter, and Eve's brother back!\" \"We came here to steal his hook, not to get your son back!\" Pockets shouted and the pirates turned to him. \"We still have one more day! It was supposed to make you crow!\" \"You are Peter Pan, Peter.\" Too Small believed. \"Too bad! He doesn't want you.\" Hook turned to Peter. \"Besides, tomorrows victor will declare the boy. We all know who he will choose anyway.\" \"Jack, it's me, your dad.\" The pirates let go of Jack and he stared at his father. He turned to Hook and walked behind him, looking at the scene in front of him, acting like he hates his dad and doesn't remember him. I'm such a good actor. He thought to himself. He hid behind Hook who laughed evilly. \"Jack?\" Peter gasped. \"You see, Peter? He doesn't want you. You are greedy and you break promises. I bet he doesn't remember you.\" \"He does too. Don't you, Jack?\" Jack shook his head and the Lost Boys gasped. They couldn't believe that Jack doesn't remember his own father, and it's only been two days. That's when they remembered that Neverland makes you forget. But what if Jack does remember? What if he just doesn't want to? \"How come he doesn't remember?\" Too small asked Ace. \"The same reason why Peter doesn't remember being, Pan. If you come here, you will forget everything, but if you leave here, you forget also.\" \"So, people forget either way?\" \"Yes, that's why people don't know if Neverland exists because when they come, they forget all about it. I think Jack remembers his dad, he just doesn't want to because he's disappointed in him.\" \"Does that mean that Maggie won't remember him? Or that Alex won't remember, Eve?\" Too Small asked, with worry clearly visible in his voice. The lost boys were silent. None of them could answer that question. \"Why are you doing this?\" Peter asked. \"I want revenge on Peter Pan!\" Hook spat, causing the boys to step back. \"Pan took off my hand, forcing me to wear a Hook. That's where I got my name from. You see, I am the most feared pirate of them all.\" \"That's because you're short-tempered and you shoot everyone.\" Don't ask crossed his arms, causing the boys to snicker. \"And lonely,\" Ace added and got the boys laughing, even some of the pirates snickered, but stopped as quickly as they started. Hook would shoot them. Hook turned to him and the boys stopped snickering. \"You see, my boy, I am not as easy tempered as I used to be. Pan drives me mad. I want him dead!\" The boys gasped as the pirates were watching what was going on; the scene amused them and was much more entertaining than Jack's athletic skills. \"I'm right here, Hook!\" Peter waved his hands. \"You are NOT Peter Pan! You are a fat , old, greedy man!\" \"That isn't true!\" \"Oh, but it is!\" Hook accused, \"You aren't Pan; Pan is an annoying, little brat! He always bothered me and got the best of me by taking my hand.\" \"Pan is the best there ever was.\" Pockets stated, \"He was always better than you, and he still is.\" \"I happen to disagree.\" \"It doesn't matter if you disagree or not. It's the truth.\" \"Pan isn't here, boy.\" Hook turned to him. \"This isn't Peter Pan. This is a regular grown up!\" \"Yeah, like you're the one to talk.\" Ace crossed his arms. \"He isn't a regular grown up!\" Latchboy sassed. \"He just doesn't remember.\" He said with sorrow. \"If he isn't Pan, then why is Eve here?\" Thud shouted. \"She came just like the legend said.\" The pirates stared at the boys', knowing that Thud does have a point. The lost boys smiled and crossed their arms in a snotty, know-it-all way. That's when Hook came up with an idea. Eve is better than him, but she would do anything for her friends and family. He's losing hope in Peter and knows for a fact that he isn't Pan and he never will be. Eve looks just like the legendary girl. What if Eve has to fight alone? She'll be outnumbered, and then he can take her too and make her one of him and kill Peter. He smirked at his plan and decided to give it a shot. \"Ah, Eve is here, indeed. Tink was right about that. But I am starting to doubt that this is Pan, my long, lost enemy.\" \"He is, he just doesn't remember.\" Too small said. \"And he never will.\" Hook stated. \"He will, someday.\" Too small hoped. This caused, Ace, to rub his shoulder. \"Nonsense, my boy. This isn't Peter Pan. This is, Peter Banning, a greedy lawyer who only cares for fame!\" \"That isn't true!\" Thud cried. \"Oh, but it is!\" Peter sighed, knowing that Hook is right. He is fat, old and greedy. He wouldn't admit that the evil pirate is right. He turned to the boys who looked down in disappointment. He doesn't want them to lose hope in him. He did the one thing that any parent would do. He stepped closer and re-crossed his arms. \"I want you to release my kids' and Eve's brother.\" The Lost Boys smiled, knowing that's what Peter Pan would say in an instant. \"This is the Pan we knew, boys'.\" Too Small's eyes formed tears, but they didn't fall down. Don't Ask rubbed his shoulder. \"Is that so?\" Hook raised an eyebrow. \"Well then, if you want them, you have to fight for them!\" He challenged, grinning that his plan is now in place. They won't know what hit them. Peter ran over to Hook and the pirates, determined to get Alex and his kids' back. He knows that he is Peter Pan and somehow, he will save his kids and Alex. That's the one thing he didn't think about, how to save them and he has no idea of Hook's plan. \"Peter, don't!\" The boys' shouted while Hook yelled, \"Seize him!\" \"What?\" One pirate asked. The lost boys gasped and ran over to them. \"Seize him! Go! He isn't Pan, he's a regular grown up! He's no use to those boys, and he won't save anyone!\" Jack's eyes widened. What? Hook has a plan also? I didn't see this coming! Not only is my father in trouble, but that must mean that Eve will be too! She needs my father's help to defeat Hook! My plan isn't working anymore! I'll just act a little longer, and then I'll free my father, sister, and Alex—then help get rid of Hook. I think my plan has some hope in it. Peter's eyes got wide and he started to run back to the lost boys who were coming closer, but a group of pirates surrounded and grabbed him as the lost boys stepped back in shock and fear. Ace is the one that stayed in his place. The lost boys stopped in defeat. They have to admit, they didn't see this coming. \"Peter!\" Ace ran up and he glared at Hook. \"That isn't fair. You made a deal with, Tinker Bell. He has one day left!\" \"Why my boy, with the condition that he is in, he'll never remember.\" This reply made the pirates laugh and caused Peter to sulk. \"He will just give us one more day!\" Ace pleaded. \"His training isn't over!\" \"It's too late for that. This isn't, Pan, and he never will be. He isn't any use to me, but he will be for your leader, and the legendary sword fighter. I have a message, laddie, tell Eve if she wants Peter, Maggie, Jack, and her brother back, she'll have to fight me. Let's see how tough and great of a fighter she really is!\" Then he laughed as the pirates took Peter away. The lost boys stared at each other and ran back to the fort as fast as they could, scared of what will happen to Peter. Not only has Eve lost her brother, but they have lost the man that could have been Pan. They ran off as Jack looked back at them, feeling scared for the near future. He turned to see the pirates drag his father off while Hook laughed on the sidelines. Jack felt like crying but stiffened up. He won't let Hook win; he lost once and he will lose again—Jack will make sure of it. CHAPTER 10 Pan's Gone ... Eve was walking around the fort, looking for Tinker Bell and wondering why it's taking Peter and the others so long to steal the Hook. 'What if something happened?' She shrugged it off. 'No, the boys are looking after Peter. They'll be fine.' She kept walking and found Tink sitting on a wooden log near a tree. She walked over to Tink, wanting to ask her why she made the legend about her. She also wanted to know how Tink knew she would be born and would participate in fencing and martial arts. Tink looked up at Eve as the girl got closer. \"Oh, hi Eve. Do you know when Peter and the others will be back? They've been gone a long time.\" \"Nope. I have no idea.\" \"Hm,\" Tink looked down. \"I know you made it.\" \"Made what?\" Tink sent Eve a confused face. \"The legend about me,\" Eve said. But she still doesn't understand why Tink would do all of this. Tinkerbelle stared at her and sighed after a few moments of silence, \"I know, I should have told you sooner.\" \"Why did you do it? Did you have Hook kidnap Peter's kids and my brother?\" Eve spit out questions. She isn't thinking about the questions she is asking, she just wants answers to why Tink would do all of this. She feels a bit betrayed that the fairy would do this, because why would she have all of this happen to Peter, herself and their families? Tink knew that Peter would never return to Neverland unless there was a reason for him too, but what does that reason have to do with, Eve? \"Why would you think that?\" Tink felt insulted. \"Because you knew that Peter would never come back unless he had too.\" \"You are right about that, but I didn't have them kidnapped.\" \"Why did you make the legend up, Tink?\" Eve asked the fairy. Tink sighed and continued sitting down in her spot. \"Because I knew that even if Peter Pan did come back, he would need a lot of help remembering who he once was. Not only that, he'd need help defeating Hook.\" \"But he took off his hand. Hook was defeated a long time ago, whether he wants to believe it or not. Pan was the best there ever was, Hook just can't stand the fact that a kid took off one of his hands.\" \"I know Peter did. It didn't make anything better, it just made Hook hate Peter more, making him want revenge. That's when Peter fell in love and left. I knew that he wouldn't be able to defeat Hook alone because he was great with swords, but he wasn't professionally trained.\" \"So, you made the legend, thinking that it would never happen?\" \"I knew it would, Hook was planning to kidnap his kids for years.\" \"Years?\" Tink nodded. But how would Tink know about that? And how did Tink know the legend would happen, even though she is the one that made it up? It's just a story. Maybe there is a meaning to the story that no one knows about. \"And you already knew about me?\" \"Fourteen years ago, I saw your mom holding you in her hospital bed. Wh, she looked like an older version of you. I knew you'd look like her, I could see it in your face when you were only a day old. I decided to make the legendary girl look like you.\" \"How did you know I'd do martial arts and fencing?\" \"What no one knows is that I can kind of tell the future just by using my fairy dust.\" Eve's eyes widened, \"So you used it to tell my future?\" \"Yup, that's exactly what I did. I knew Hook would take Peter's kids and your brother sooner or later; I just never knew when.\" \"Why did you make the legend a girl?\" \"Hey, boys can't always be the ones that fight and save others. Girls can do it too.\" Eve smiled, \"Yes, I know. It makes sense now. But does everyone in the real world know that Pan left?\" \"No, no one knows, but they know that the legend is real. People think the legendary girl that was supposed to help him was Wendy, but it wasn't her.\" \"I always thought that it was Wendy too,\" Eve admitted. \"She didn't do martial arts or anything, but she did help Pan defeat Hook once.\" \"She did. But people thought the martial art and fencing was just added. They thought that Wendy knew how to fence after she came back to London and left Neverland. That isn't the case.\" \"Tink, you seem upset.\" Eve pointed out. \"Is there something on your mind that you'd like to talk about?\" Eve knows that even though Peter is back, Tink doesn't look super happy about it. Peter isn't Pan anymore, he is an adult, not a kid. He isn't a made-up boy that never wanted to grow up and loved going on adventures, he is now a grown up with a family to take care of without his own memories of his childhood, and it is because he spent all of it in Neverland. When he left, his memories stayed here and didn't leave with him, which is why he doesn't remember anything. Tink sighed, \"Peter's back but he isn't the same. I know it's him though. It's strange because we always played, and I drank poison for him when the lost boys and Wendy were kidnapped by Hook. Hook poisoned Peter's medicine.\" \"Yes, you did. It was in the story. Your secret love for Peter Pan will never go away, will it?\" \"How did you know?\" \"I think everyone figured it out, Tink. The lost boys and girls lost some hope in him, but you didn't. You kept searching for him, even though you most likely would have never found him again.\" Tink smiled, \"I did. I'm happy I found him. Maybe Neverland will be like what it once was.\" \"Not exactly. Peter will leave, the same as me.\" \"I know.\" The fairy sighed. \"Don't worry, Tink, I won't forget you guys. I'll even come back and visit.\" She smiled, \"You promise?\" \"Of course! I never break a promise.\" Eve smiled back but had a blank expression on her face. \"I just have one question. How did you manage to change the story of Peter Pan around?\" Tink had a huge grin plastered on her face. \"It's about time someone asked me. It's called fairy dust.\" \"I'm confused.\" Tink chuckled nervously, \"It's a little complicated. Fairy dust just doesn't make people fly. I found out a long time ago that it has a power.\" \"A power? Isn't seeing the future the power?\" \"That isn't exactly a power. It's something that I use rarely. There is another one.\" \"What is it?\" \"I can change things around, without people realizing it. That's what I did.\" \"So basically, the story was without me in it until Peter left. Then somehow, you used the fairy dust to change the book around a little, but people thought that it was a new edition?\" Eve raised a brow, then smiled to herself, seeing that she sounded a bit smart at what she said. Tink gave a small smile. \"Not exactly. You see, I had a sequel made.\" \"A sequel?!\" \"Yup. Though no one knows that we exist, so it's okay. The sequel is when Peter doesn't remember Neverland because if a person leaves, they forget and if a person comes, they forget their life back at home. That's just how it is.\" \"So either way, people forget?\" \"Yup. So I knew if Peter came back, he wouldn't remember. I spied on Hook and he was planning to kidnap Peter's kids for revenge, and that's where you come in!\" \"I understand. People think it was an original idea and since it's a hit, they think the creator decided to make a second part to the story.\" \"Yup, but I handled that. Don't worry, but you have to swear to never tell anyone that you are the legend and that you came here, okay?\" \"How come?\" \"Some people claim they have been here, and scientists search for Neverland, but never find anything. If they find out, they'll take the boys and girls, giving them families. No one here wants that. We all love it here. Please, for me, Eve.\" \"I promise! Though, my family will know.\" \"Only discuss it with the people that came. No one else.\" \"You can trust me, Tinker Bell. Though, there is just one more thing.\" \"What's that?\" \"Well, I don't know the entire story of Peter Pan because the original isn't really around anymore. Wendy keeps it, but I never bothered reading it because she always talks about it. But one thing I never understood is why Peter as brought here and why he doesn't remember his family.\" \"Well, um, you see, you know how I'm in love with him, right?\" \"What about it?\" \"I took him when he was a little boy-\" \"Tink!\" Tink ignored Eve's glare, \"He wanted to visit them, so I let him. He saw that they have a new baby, and he thought that they forgot all about him, so he came back and told me to erase his memory, and I did. That book is hidden away for a reason, Eve.\" \"What reason is that?\" \"Because I'm ashamed of it!\" Tink cried and Eve jumped back a little. \"If I hadn't taken him, he'd remember his parents and his childhood. He'd enjoy his life and not question it. It's all my fault.\" \"Tink, it isn't unless you used your fairy dust to see the future.\" \"No, I didn't know it had powers at that time. I figured it out later.\" \"Tink, don't put yourself down. You didn't know the consequence and now that Peter is here, you can tell him when he does remember. He'll forgive you, don't worry.\" (Unknown to the both of them, Peter already knows who he really is, and he isn't super happy about it). \"You think so?\" \"I know so.\" Tink smiled as familiar voices came back yelling, \"Pan's gone!\" in agony. Everyone looked at them and ran over to see what the commotion is about. If Peter hasn't come back with them, then something happened when they went to steal the Hook the boys were talking about. Did Peter do something that he wasn't supposed to? Everyone else is going to find out. \"Peter's gone?\" Tink asked. \"Yeah!\" Too small exclaimed. \"What do you mean gone?\" Rufio crossed his arms. \"Do you mean to tell us that he didn't take the hook or crow?\" \"He didn't do that either.\" Don't ask stated. \"We were watching Jack play Baseball. Jack hit a home run and Hook called him his son.\" Thud Butt began. \"He yelled at Hook and the pirates took him!\" Ace said with unison. \"They what?\" Everyone shouted. \"The pirates took him!\" Ace repeated as Grace put an arm around him and hugged him. \"He broke the deal with Tink!\" Eve narrowed her eyes and raised her voice. \"That idiot broke the deal! We have one more day!\" \"Ace told him that, but he said that Peter would never remember or fight with the condition that he is in. Then they took him.\" Scout panicked. \"He told me to pass a message to you, Eve.\" \"Me?\" Ace nodded. \"He said if you want Peter, Jack, Maggie and your brother back, you have to fight him.\" Eve felt herself boil in rage. She couldn't believe this! Hook broke his promise with Tink and now wants her to fight? She'll do anything and will make sure he never bothers anyone again. She looked at Tink who remained quiet the whole time, but saw the sadness in the fairies face. Tink loves Peter more than a friend and isn't ready to lose him. Eve may not like the man's decisions, but she grew up with him and his kids. She isn't ready to throw all that away because of a stupid pirate. She went to walk past the boys' but felt a firm hand on her shoulder. She turned and saw that it's Rufio. \"Eve, don't.\" He warned her. \"Don't? Hook has my brother, Peter and his kids! He broke his deal with Tink and all you can say is to not fight him?\" She turned to face him. \"I didn't say that. I mean just don't go right now.\" \"Are you crazy? Who knows what he'll do to them?\" \"Eve! Listen to me.\" Rufio grabbed her shoulders, his voice going bitter. This caused everyone to keep silent and for Eve to widen her eyes a little, knowing that he might lose his temper. She wouldn't admit it, but he frightened her sometimes. \"Look,\" He began. \"That's what Hook wants you to do. He wants you to go over to his ship right now so he can fight you. I know that you're a great fighter and you beat me, but Hook is a great fighter also. Pan beat him, but that doesn't mean that he can do it again.\" \"What are you inclining?\" \"I'm saying that we'll go tomorrow. We still have one more day, but since Hook wants a fight, we can't waste much time.\" Hook turned to everyone else. \"Lay out your gear for tomorrow. We go to the ship and 8 A.M., no sooner or later.\" \"Yes, Rufio!\" Everyone saluted and they all ran off to get their things ready. Eve sighed. Now she is discouraging herself. What if she doesn't beat Hook? He kidnapped Peter, her Jack, Maggie and her brother. What else could he be capable of? Fortunately for her, Rufio and Divina caught the look in her eyes. \"Don't doubt yourself, Eve.\" Divina read her mind and Eve looked up at the dark-eyed girl. \"You'll beat Hook and get your brother and friends back.\" \"It isn't that simple, Divina.\" Eve sighed and sat down on the floor, the two following her. Tink floated above them with a thinking face on. \"Who knows what Hook is capable of? I might be a great fighter, but I don't always win. What if I lose and don't save them?\" \"Eve, don't say that. You beat me and I'm one of the best sword fighters in Neverland. You beat me which proves that you have a better chance of beating Hook.\" \"I don't know. I think it's strange how he said he wants revenge on Peter, but he kidnapped him and wants to fight me.\" Rufio and Divina stared at Eve who is right. 'Why did Hook take Peter if Peter is the one he wants? What if Hook wants to test Eve and trick her?' Tink thought. She kept thinking about everything that was said and smiled. \"Hey guys, I think I know why he took Peter.\" \"What is it?\" Rufio turned to her, along with Eve and Divina. \"What if he wants to test Eve? You know, see how worthy and strategic she is? In fact, what if he wants to make her one of him?\" Rufio's eyes widened and he stood up. \"If he does want that to happen, then we'll have to find out why.\" Rufio looked at Eve and smiled. \"Don't worry, Eve. I know Peter is Pan and I'll help you fight Hook.\" Eve grinned and hugged him. \"Thanks, Rufio.\" Rufio hugged her back, \"No problem.\" They broke out of the hug and Divina smiled, happy that Rufio admitted to knowing that Peter is Pan. \"You know Rufio, once someone gets to know you, you aren't as mean as you come out to be. You're actually pretty easy to get along with.\" Rufio shrugged, then grinned. \"I have Divina for a reason, Eve.\" Eve turned to Divina whose face went bright red, like a tomato. She laughed as Rufio said, \"Well since you complimented me, I might as well say something.\" \"Rufio, watch what you say. It better not be mean.\" \"Is she getting jealous, Rufio?\" Rufio and Divina laughed at this. \"I'm nowhere near the jealous type, Eve. You have nothing to worry about. Even if I was, I wouldn't stand a chance against you anyways.\" Eve smiled and turned to Rufio, who said, \"Well, you're easy to get along with yourself.\" \"It's shocking to hear this from you. I thought you didn't like me at first.\" \"I didn't think you two who everyone else thought you were. But I stared at you and realized you looked like the drawing of the legendary girl, and I knew it was you. I thought you were going to take my place at first, but I now realize that you aren't here to overthrown me and that I'm still in charge around here.\" Eve scoffed and rolled her eyes, \"Seriously, Rufio? Why would I take your place?\" He shrugged, \"You are a legend, one of the best fighters in the world, I suppose.\" Eve smiled, \"Well, I guess we should prepare for tomorrow.\" \"Yeah, that's a good call.\" Tink seemed happier. \"I just pray they'll be safe.\" \"They'll be fine, Tink.\" Divina assured. \"We have Rufio and Eve— a good butt kicker. She'll kick all their butts out to sea.\" Eve smiled and they all went off to bed. The legendary girl lay down on her temporary hammock with her arms behind her head. She sighed and closed her eyes, hoping that Peter, the kids, and her brother will be okay and that she'll beat Hook. But some of it doesn't make any sense. Why would Hook break the deal all of a sudden and take Peter, knowing that Peter still doesn't remember anything about Neverland? Eve has the feeling that he is up to something, and she doesn't like the thought of it. … Peter sighed as he sat on the wooden floor. When things could have gone worse, they already have. He couldn't believe the stupid decision that he decided to make. He actually thought he could beat Hook, he can't even throw a punch! Because of this stupid actions, he was kidnapped and is now locked in an upstairs room, all by himself. What made him feel worse about himself is that Jack refused to go over to him, and he didn't even remember. Or did he? He knows that Jack's disappointed in him. What he doesn't understand is why Maggie and Alex weren't with them. He gasped and looked up, \"What if they're hurt? No, Hook wouldn't hurt them, it's me that he wants.\" He sighed and stood up and decided to look out the old, foggy window. He looked out at the night sky and then that's when it hit him. His old memories of him being a little kid, something he hasn't remembered being in thirty years. He whipped around as he heard screaming from the other side. He got closer as the door opened and a pirated pushed Maggie and Alex in. He locked the door again as the two started to bang on it, unaware of Peter. \"Alex, Maggie!\" They turned around, \"Dad, Peter!\" The two shouted at the same time as they ran over and hugged him. He bent down and smiled at him, \"You're both okay.\" \"Of course we are, dad!\" \"Why aren't you two with Hook and Jack?\" Ale scoffed, crossed his arms and rolled his eyes, \"He told us you never cared about us and that grownups hate children.\" \"That isn't true!\" Peter gasped. \"We know that, but Jack's so upset about you missing all his games that he believed him!\" \"Well, part of his plan worked. He got me here.\" \"Wait, I thought you had three days?\" Maggie remembered. \"I did. I tried to get Jack back when the lost boys suggested that I take the Captain's Hook. Hey said I'd crow. I tried but I saw him playing Baseball. He made a home run and Hook called Jack his son, and he criticized and said untrue things. I lost it and he kidnapped me too.\" \"Peter, maybe he does want revenge on you. But why did he kidnap you?\" \"He wants to fight Eve.\" \"No, my sister!\" Alex shot up and narrowed his eyes. He is filled with rage. \"I'll kill him if she has one mark on her.\" \"She'll be fine, Alex.\" He turned to Maggie as she stood up. \"Maggie, Eve doesn't always win. I'm not saying she won't, but he can still hurt her.\" \"Then what will we do?\" Maggie asked. \"It's up to me. I have to remember being Peter Pan.\" Peter sighed. \"But I think I'm starting to remember. I remember this room.\" \"This room?\" Alex rose a brow. \"I remember when I saved Wendy from the plank, she went into this room to get swords so the lost boys' could fight.\" He stood up and looked out the window, seeing the fort far away. \"I looked at that tree a while ago. It says the names of the original lost boys, even Tootles.\" \"Tootles is a lost boy?\" Maggie squealed. Peter nodded and sat down, \"I remembered all the memories when I looked at that tree house.\" He looked down. \"I read the book that was hidden away in the fort and I now remember. I just didn't tell anyone because I'm still shocked about it. Plus, Hook won't believe me anyway. It's Eve that he wants.\" \"Peter, you have to tell us.\" Alex said, \"What was your childhood like?\" Peter sighed, \"I remember looking up and seeing a light, then all I know is that I was about eight or nine and running around with other boys in a fort of all trees. I remembered who my parents were, so I went to visit them. That's when I saw it. They were holding a new baby, and they looked happy, making it seem like they forgot all about me. I then left, and that's when I, later on, met Wendy. I wanted her to stay, but she couldn't, but that didn't stop me from visiting her. But every time I came, she got older and older because the time is different in Neverland and in the real world. I then saw Moira and realized that I can have everything I want if I grow up, so I did.\" \"No wonder why you don't have any happy thoughts, you didn't have a happy life, and you barely remember any of it.\" Alex sympathetically replied. \"That's the saddest story I've ever heard!\" Maggie distressed and she hugged her father who smiled and returned the hug. \"I remember it now. I know my life, but how could I have forgotten it?\" \"Well, you said you saw a light come to you, so it must have been Tinker Bell. She probably used fairy dust to make you forget.\" Peter shot a confused glance at Alex, \"Fairy dust makes you fly.\" \"Wendy told me once that it also has powers.\" Peter looked up at the sky and closed his eyes, now understanding everything. He knows that he's Pan and everyone is counting on him, even his son. He needs to be Peter Pan, but how. A happy thought! He needs a happy thought to fly. He then thought of his kids, wife and Eve, how Eve always played with his kids. He wished he'd gotten to know her more. \"Daddy, you're flying!\" He looked down and saw himself a few feet in the air. He smiled and flew out the window and around the pirate ship. He now remembers who he is, and he can feel the lost memories of his rushing through his head. He looked down and saw that he's wearing a green outfit, consisting of a green shirt, skirt, tights, and beige, suede boots. He stopped and looked at the fort ahead. He isn't going to go back. He needs to stay with Alex and his daughter. That's when he realized something. Hook doesn't want him, he wants Eve! Eve is a strong fighter, and he might use her, or even hurt her. He can't let that happen and he can't go back because if he does, he'll put his kids, Eve, her brother and the boys in danger. He won't risk it. He has a plan. He'll stay because Eve has to come herself. Hook will want her, no one else. But what would he use her for? Would he make her join him like his son? Hurt her? Kill her? He flew back to the window, looking behind him. He knows that Eve and the boys will think of something. He flew back into the room and closed the window, seeing Alex and Maggie all over the place. \"That was awesome! How do you fly?\" Alex asked him. \"You have to have a happy thought; just one happy thought.\" \"I know what that is. My sister.\" Alex was then lifted into the air with Peter's hand. \"Mommy!\" Maggie laughed and Peter took her hand, lifting her also. The three kept their grip on each other's hands and danced in a circle, smiling. Peter thought about his family and Eve. He hopes that she'll be okay. She's a great fighter, but great fighters can lose, or have bad accidents. He felt himself lower and he looked to see they were on the ground again. \"That was fun!\" Maggie jumped up and down and started saying her happy thoughts out loud to fly again. \"Well, Peter, it looks like you really are Pan the Man!\" Alex laughed and joined Maggie in the middle of the room. The two were dancing and trying to fly in the air again, but it wasn't working. Peter smiled and went back over to the window, looking out to the dark sky. His plan is almost in place. He won't fly back because of the risk and he also wants to see why Hook kidnapped him. Hook and Tinker Bell made a deal, so why would Hook break it? He'll find that out later, right now, he needs to focus on what's he's going to do. That's when it came to him. He'll wait for Eve to come and then he'll come out of nowhere, demand for his son back since he now has Alex and Maggie, and he'll help Eve fight off Hook. It almost seems like a good plan, but something is missing. The famous, fairytale antagonist might want to fight Rufio too; does that mean that everyone is in danger because Hook will want one person to fight? What if that person isn't Peter nor Rufio? What if it's Eve? She is a legend and she's supposed to help Pan. What if Hook doesn't like that? What if he's trying to get her out of the way so he can fight his long, lost enemy? \"I don't understand. What if Hook is up to something, but what if it has nothing to do with me? If it doesn't have anything to do with me, then why did he take my kids and Eve's brother?\" Peter said out loud to himself. Peter knows that it isn't his place to tell and there can be many possibilities to the questions he has, and he knows that the only person that will be able to answer them is Hook himself. That's another problem. If he leaves, he'll never know Hook's real plans, and he has the feeling they have nothing to do with him. He has the slightest feeling that it's about Rufio and Eve. Rufio is the new leader and Eve's a fighter who can kill Hook in one move. The Captain might want to get rid of both of them because they fight well and they'll be fighting him. If they're out of the way, Peter will be defenseless. There are so many possibilities. He already did his days of saving Neverland, but now, it is Eve's turn.[Chapter 11] CHAPTER 11 Bring It On! ... Eve and the others are putting on their gear and getting their equipment ready to have war with Hook. Neverland has never been to peace and it has gotten worse ever since Pan left, but Eve, Rufio, and the new lost boys will change that. They will help Peter Pan finish what he never could, and that's to get rid of Hook before the pirate gets rid of everyone else. Eve put on her gear but kept worrying about Peter, his kids, and her brother. Hook broke the deal for a reason and she's the one that will get to the bottom of it because she has the feeling that it has to do with her. She can't hide from Hook and she isn't scared to fight him, she's just scared of what he'll do and what he has planned. \"You're nervous.\" Someone said from behind her. She got out of her thoughts and saw Sly. She smiled at him, \"I'm not just nervous, I'm scared too. I don't know what he has planned.\" Sly smiled gently at her, \"Don't worry, we'll save them. And don't be worried about fighting Hook because you'll be great, I know you will. Besides, if anyone will want to fight you it'll be him.\" Eve smiled, \"Thanks that means a lot. But are you sure you guys will be okay?\" The older boy smirked, \"Hook may rule the Pirates and feared through Neverland and story books, but he doesn't know our strategies. We'll be fine.\" \"Well then, I can't wait to see what you guys have planned out!\" Eve laughed. Sly smiled and stepped closer to her, but they stopped looking at each other when they heard a honk of a horn and the boys and girls ran over to Rufio, who was telling them the plan of how to get Eve's siblings, Jack, Maggie, and Peter back. After that, they packed everything they needed and headed off to Captain Hook's ship and for the first time in years, Eve was nervous about a fight because she fears that Hook is up to something himself and is one step ahead of all of them. But the only way to know for sure and to stop his shenanigans is to go over and get rid of him once and for all, and if no one will do it, then they will just have too. \"Alright boys and girls, listen up!\" Rufio shouted and everyone stopped talking, getting ready and goofing around and turned to their leader. \"Hook has Eve's brother, and Pan and his kids. We need to make sure we don't fall into any traps because he took Peter, so he'll try to take Eve. We need to stick together and take him down!\" \"Yeah!\" Everyone shouted and some of the boys put their weapons up in the air to show victory will be theirs. Rufio continued, \"We'll find Peter first and break him out so he can distract Hook. Then we'll attack.\" He turned to Tink, \"Tink, you'll fly in since you're small enough not to be seen. You'll break him out.\" Tink nodded, \"Yes, Sir.\" She saluted \"Alright, let's go!\" And everyone began to leave the fort and marched their way to Hook's ship. For the first time in a long time, Eve felt nervous. Hook knows what he's doing and has had everything planned out for a while, whereas Rufio, the great leader that he is, only had a day to figure out a plan. She just hopes everyone on her side turns out okay. Besides, the only one that will want to fight her is Hook, but she knows that she'll win. They continued to walk until they reached a cliff that was above the pirate ship. Tink flew down to break Peter out and the boys and girls tied ropes on the trees so that they could swing down to the ship and attack the pirates when needed. They saw some of the pirates go onto the ship and Hook came out with Jack who is dressed like Hook from the wig to the outfit. Eve almost gagged. Tink flew through the bottom floor window and made her way in. She saw a locked door and opened it to see Peter, Maggie, and Alex. They all looked up. \"Tinkerbelle!\" Alex and Maggie shouted and ran to her. Peter got up and stayed where he was. \"Hey, guys!\" She then turned to Peter. \"Peter, Hook and the others are on top of the cliff, waiting to attack. You need to go and save Jack right now.\" \"What about us?\" Alex asked Tink turned to them and sighed. What could they do? \"Well, you can't stay here. If they see Peter got out, they'll come down here for the two of you. Find your way to the top of the ship without being seen and help attack pirates when Rufio and the others come down.\" She turned to her longtime love, \"Let's go, Peter. It's time.\" Peter didn't say a word. He quickly left with her and felt adrenaline going through him. He's going to fight a storybook villain that he doesn't remember fighting years and years ago. He saw a crowd of pirates surrounding the stairs to a small balcony where Hook and his son stood. He flew in the air, unnoticed and looked to his left to see Rufio, Eve and the lost boys and girls that smiled and waved at him, and he returned the same by smiling and waving at them. Peter turned his attention back to Hook and Jack, where Hook was giving a speech on making Jack one of them. He raised his hook to Jack's ear and Peter's eyes widened. He wouldn't allow this man to hurt his son. He flew lower, ready to attack. \"Alright Jack, this may hurt.\" Hook began, lowering his hook where his hand used to be to the back of one of his ears. Peter then decided to attack and made a cutout of himself on one of the pirate flags and the cutout landed on the floor. The pirates stopped and looked above and Hook's eyes widened. Peter then took that time to reveal himself and everyone on the ship was in shock while Rufio and the lost boys and girls were getting ready to attack. Hook looked at him and didn't say a word. Jack raised a brow at Peter and pretended to not know who his dad is. It is part of his plan. He'll play dumb and then attack Hook himself. \"Captain,\" He turned to Hook, \"Who is that man?\" Hook smiled in awe at Peter, his old nemesis. \"That's Peter Pan. Has it really been three days?\" He questioned in astonishment, not thinking for a second that Rufio, Tinkerbelle, and the lost boys and girls could get him back to how he once way. \"It's true then, Peter, time does fly.\" Peter jumped and did a front flip, landing on the ground by the pirates who screamed and hollered in fear and jumped to the sides, trying to avoid the second person that they feared. The first is Hook of course. Hook then decided to make some jokes that only the pirates found funny, \"How did you manage to fit into those tights?\" The pirates laughed. Peter walked up the stairs and said to him, \"You see, Hook, I've done a thing called 'exercise', you should try it.\" The pirates gasped and Rufio and the lost boys and girls laughed above, but no one heard them. \"Hand over my son now, and you and your man will go free.\" Pan threatened, getting straight to business. Hook shrugged, an arm leaning against one of the railings of the stairs. \"Why don't you ask the boy yourself if he wants to go with you?\" He turned to Jack, \"Son?\" Jack looked at his father who looked at him in return. Jack had to go with his plan, it'll make Peter madder at Hook and he'll have to win the fight with him. Peter held out his hand, \"Jack, give me your hand. We're going home right now.\" Jack stepped up and reached the top of the balcony, \"I am home.\" He acted and Hook laughed as Jack walked over toward him. \"Good form.\" Hook complimented and put an arm around Jack who held it back in return, trying not to throw up. It looked as if the two are really father and son and it made Peter angry. How could his own son not remember him? Not that he really blamed Jack. He was never there for his son and he regrets it dearly. ' If only I had been there.' Peter thought to himself. \"You see, Peter, he is my son and he loves me dearly.\" Hook began, \"And I am prepared to fight dearly for him.\" He pushed Jack to the side and Peter went to charge at the pirate who put his hook in the air. \"I've waited too long to shave your hand with this.\" He motioned to this hook and Peter stared at it. \"Peter Pan,\" Hook took out his sword, \"Prepare to meet my doom!\" He held it at Peter who took is out in response. Pirates jumped down from the top of the ship and Peter began to sword fight with them. Pushing some into others and cutting others with his sword, giving some scratches and killing others. He backflipped the middle and fought at least twenty pirates. Eve went to go down but Rufio held her back, \"Eve, stop. Our time will come.\" Eve sighed and fought the urge to go down there. \"Jack, Jack,\" Peter called out gently while fighting off pirates. \"It took me three days to find my happy thought.\" He pushed a pirate into about ten others and they fell down. And do you want to know what my happy thought was?\" He flew into the air and toward Jack and said, \"It was you.\" Jack smiled and Peter went back to the main floor of the ship to continue fighting pirates. \"Alright, let's go!\" Rufio shouted \"Finally!\" Eve exasperated and the boys and girls shouted, ready to fight and swung from ropes onto the ship. Peter turned to them and smiled, and continued to fight a pirate. The other pirates outside of the ship saw the lost boys and girls ambush them and they began to come onto the ship. Some of the boys fought the perimeter of the ship while the rest remained inside. Eve was sword fighting one pirate and kicked him in the face, knocking him to the floor. Rufio and Peter were in the middle, bumped into each other, did a handshake, and let out a roar and continued fighting. Divina and Eve were beating up a huge pirate when Eve was grabbed from behind. She screamed and tried to fight them off, but they put an arm around her waist and the other onto her mouth. \"Eve!\" Divina charged at the two but was grabbed also. Eve thrashed around and then was released and landed on the floor with a thud. She turned to see Sly removing his sword from the pirates back. She smiled, got up and hugged him. \"Thank you.\" She said Sly smiled, \"Anytime.\" \"Hey, get off my girlfriend!\" Rufio hissed at one pirate, but not before piercing the man with his sword. Rufio grabbed Divina and hugged her tightly to him. Sly and Eve awed at the sight but were interrupted when a pirate jumped in front of them. They began to sword fight it as they heard Peter making chicken noises as Ace hit pirates with chicken eggs with some weird contraption that he made. Thud knocked over pirates by curling up like a bowling ball and speeding full force at them. Another lost boy hit pirates with some device that shot out gumballs and many of them fell to the floor. Some of the boys and the two lost girls began throwing paintballs at some of the pirates. It was a funny sight to see. Eve saw Rufio stab two pirates with his sword and he went up to Hook. Peter said the old man was his but ran off after hearing Maggie shout out for help. \"Jack, save me!\" Maggie cried and Peter went off, but Rufio smirked and began to fight Hook. Divina ran up to watch it, just in case Rufio needs help. Peter ran to the top of the ship to hear Maggie screaming, and he saw a pirate holding onto her. Once pirate came by to stop him but then jumped out the window when he saw that it's Peter Pan. Peter began to fight the pirate and knocked him to the floor, and got Maggie and they ran down the stairs. \"Where's Alex?\" Peter asked but was interrupted when Alex swung on a rope and jumped onto a pirate that was fighting his sister. \"Don't touch my sister!\" He sat on the pirate and began punching the man in the face. \"That answers my question.\" Peter laughed and then shrugged and set Maggie down, \"Go to Alex and stay with him. I'm going to go and fight off Hook.\" He then flew into the air to see everyone fighting with fists, legs, weapons, and he even laughed when Grace and Lily pulling some pirates long hair and he screamed in agony. Hook and Rufio were sword fighting and Hook knocked Rufio's sword out of his hands and behind him. Rufio dodged Hook's attack and got his sword, fighting from the ground and hit Hook's sword again and brought it to the floor, under his own sword. \"Lookie Lookie, I've got Hookie.\" He taunted. Hook sneered and they began to fight again until Rufio brought his sword up to block Hook's sword. Eve saw what was happening and ran over to save Rufio. She knew when someone was faking a move to hit their opponent, and it looks like that's what Hook is doing. Unfortunately, Hook did trick Rufio, like Eve predicted and went to stab him and Divina screamed and ran to him, but Eve jumped in front of Rufio, who ducked, with her sword in front of her, and Hook's sword landed to the side. \"You saved me.\" Rufio stood up and hugged Eve. \"That was amazing! I've never seen a move like that before. Thank you, Eve.\" She smiled and hugged him back, \"No Problem.\" Divina hugged her too, \"Thank you.\" She whispered and Eve hugged her back. Jack stayed behind them, with two pirates on each side of him. Peter came along and was yelling, \"No!\" He came down to make sure Rufio is okay and stepped in front of Eve to see Hook smirking sinisterly at him. \"You almost killed Rufio. Shame on you for trying to hurt a young kid!\" \"Peter, it's me that you want. Try to get rid of me, if you can.\" Hook picked up his sword and held it towards him. Peter drew his sword, but Eve put her arm out in front of him. \"No, Peter.\" \"Eve, I have to do this.\" \"Nothing makes sense here.\" She turned to Hook, \"You kidnapped his kids and my brother, but you kidnapped him yesterday. You left the boys a message that if I wanted to see them again, I'd have to fight you.\" \"He did?\" Peter raised a brow \"Yes, he did.\" Rufio stepped closer towards Eve. \"I forgot about that,\" Divina added. Jack stayed quiet, waiting to hear what's going to happen next. \"Just face it, Hook, it's me that you want!\" Eve hollered and pointed a finger at him. This got everyone's attention as the Pirates and lost boys and girls stopped fighting and turned their attention towards them. \"You want Peter dead, I get that, but why would you want me? You must want me dead also. That's the most logical reason to why you kidnapped my brother.\" Alex turned clenched his hands and they turned into fists. He went to go up there and protect his sister and punch Hook for what he did, but Ace and Don't ask stopped him by putting one of their hands on his shoulders. Don't, Alex. This is Peter's and Eve's battle, they can handle it.\" Ace pointed out and Alex relaxed. Eve can handle him, he knows she can. Hook smirked, \"Good form, Eve. Good form. Very smart for your age. You see, I want Peter dead for what he did, but of course, you know the legend about you. The same one Tink made.\" He motioned to the fairy and some glanced at the pixie girl for a second and turned back to Hook. \"He would need someone to help him fight me, and that person is you. At first, I thought that I'd get rid of you also, but of course you've known him you're whole life and he's never been there for you. I'd think that you'd despise him just a little and would want to turn against him, so I thought, why not turn her against him like his own son and use you to kill him and make you a pirate?\" Everyone gasped and Jack's eyes widened. He knew Hook was up to something, but he didn't think it was this bad. He narrowed his eyes and gritted his teeth, but stopped himself from attacking Hook. If he wants to make everyone believe that he hates his father and doesn't remember him, he has to pretend that he's on Hook's side, then, he'll attack at Eve's most vulnerable. He smirked at his bulletproof plan. Eve sneered, \"And you're that dumb enough to think that it'd work? I'll never work for you, never! And if you thought for a second that I hated Peter, then you're wrong. I just never got to know him. I hated how he was never with his family, but I must say that you brought us here helped him realize that, and that's the only thing I will thank you for.\" She took a deep breath. \"And taking his kids have made him fight better than he ever has before, and you see my brother?\" She nodded her head toward him, \"I love him dearly, and I'm prepared to fight and protect him.\" She mocked Hook. The lost boys and girls and Peter's kids and Eve's brother cheered at what Eve said. \"Well, my dear Eve, I've been expecting you for a long time.\" Hook smirked, \"Pan is old school. Since you came out, everyone's been obsessing over you and I would reckon that they'd like to see their new hero fight an old villain that no one's gotten rid of yet.\" He drew his sword and Eve drew hers. \"You planned this all along!\" She pointed a finger at him. Hook smirked, \"Yes, I did. And now Evelyn Sanders, you meet your doom!\" \"Bring it, old man!\" Some pirates got closer while others stayed where they were and some even moved back. The pirates on the perimeter of the ship watched in unison, wondering who would win. Rufio stepped back a bit to give Eve room and pulled Peter towards him, making sure he didn't get hurt but also to keep Diving behind them. Ace, Don't ask, Alex and Maggie went to the top of the stairs and went to watch the big battle. Everyone was silent but excited. \"Let's go, Eve!\" Ace cheered \"Yeah, get him!\" Don't ask shouted, doing a fist pump. \"Make him want his mommy!\" Maggie insulted and everyone laughed, and Hook pulled a face that showed that he doesn't have a family, and Eve almost felt sorry for the pirate, but what has to be done has to be finished. If she doesn't kill Hook, he'll make sure that he kills her or that someone else does. It's better him than her. She has a lot to go home too and all he has is the loyal pirates that he doesn't show any respect for. He surely is a miserable old man. \"Beat him up, sis! I know you can do it.\" Eve smiled at Alex cheering her on. She's doing this for everyone here, and her family. She never wants Hook to come back to her family ever again, or terrorize anyone else. The fate of Neverland and her world are in her hands. \"Eve, be careful\" Rufio warned. She smiled at him, \"I'll be fine.\" Then she turned back to Hook, \"Hit me with your best shot!\" \"Are you sure, Miss Sanders?\" Hook smirked. Ever smirked back, \"Bring it on!\"[Chapter 12] CHAPTER 12 Crocodile Rock ... PREVIOUSLY ON SECRETS OF THE NEVERLAND HEROES \"Just face it, Hook, it's me that you want!\" Eve hollered and pointed a finger at him. This got everyone's attention as the Pirates and lost boys and girls stopped fighting and turned their attention towards them. \"You want Peter dead, I get that, but why would you want me? You must want me dead also. That's the only logical reason to why you kidnapped my brother.\" Alex turned clenched his hands and they turned into fists. He went to go up there and protect his sister and punch Hook for what he did, but Ace and Don't ask stopped him by putting one of their hands on his shoulders. Don't, Alex. This is Peter's and Eve's battle, they can handle it.\" Ace pointed out and Alex relaxed. Eve can handle him, he knows she can. Hook smirked, \"Good form, Eve. Good form. Very smart for your age. You see, I want Peter dead for what he did, but of course, you know the legend about you. The same one Tink made.\" He motioned to the fairy and some glanced at the pixie girl for a second and turned back to Hook. \"He would need someone to help him fight me, and that person is you. At first, I thought that I'd get rid of you also, but of course, you've known him your whole life and he's never been there for you. I'd think that you'd despise him just a little and would want to turn against him, so I thought, why not turn her against him like his own son and use you to kill him and make you a pirate?\" Everyone gasped and Jack's eyes widened. He knew Hook was up to something, but he didn't think it was this bad. He narrowed his eyes and gritted his teeth, but stopped himself from attacking Hook. If he wants to make everyone believe that he hates his father and doesn't remember him, he has to pretend that he's on Hook's side, then, he'll attack at Eve's most vulnerable. He smirked at his bulletproof plan. Eve sneered, \"And you're that dumb enough to think that it'd work? I'll never work for you, never! And if you thought for a second that I hated Peter, then you're wrong. I just never got to know him. I hated how he was never with his family, but I must say that us being here helped him realize that, and that's the only thing I will thank you for.\" She took a deep breath. \"And taking his kids made him fight better than he ever has before, and you see my brother?\" She nodded her head toward him, \"I love him dearly, and I'm prepared to fight and protect him.\" She mocked Hook. The lost boys and girls and Peter's kids and Eve's brother cheered at what Eve said. \"Well, my dear Eve, I've been expecting you for a long time.\" Hook smirked, \"Pan is old school. Since you came out, everyone's been obsessing over you and I would reckon that they'd like to see their new hero fight an old villain that no one's gotten rid of yet.\" He drew his sword and Eve drew hers. \"You planned this all along!\" She pointed a finger at him. Hook smirked, \"Yes, I did. And now Evelyn Sanders, you meet your doom!\" \"Bring it, old man!\" Some pirates got closer while others stayed where they were and some even moved back. The pirates on the perimeter of the ship watched in unison, wondering who would win. Rufio stepped back a bit to give Eve room and pulled Peter towards him, making sure he didn't get hurt but also to keep Diving behind them. Ace, Don't ask, Alex and Maggie went to the top of the stairs and went to watch the big battle. Everyone was silent but excited. \"Let's go, Eve!\" Ace cheered. \"Yeah, get him!\" Don't ask shouted, doing a fist pump. \"Make him want his mommy!\" Maggie insulted and everyone laughed, and Hook pulled a face that showed that he doesn't have any family and Eve almost felt sorry for the pirate, but what has to be done has to be finished. If she doesn't kill Hook, he'll make sure that he kills her or that someone else does. It's better him than her. She has a lot to go home too and all he has is the loyal pirates that he doesn't show any respect for. He surely is a miserable old man. \"Beat him up, sis! I know you can do it.\" Eve smiled at Alex cheering her on. She's doing this for everyone here, and her family. She never wants Hook to come back to her family ever again, or terrorize anyone else. The fate of Neverland and her world are in her hands. \"Eve, be careful,\" Rufio warned. She smiled at him, \"I'll be fine.\" Then she turned back to Hook, \"Hit me with your best shot!\" \"Are you sure, Miss Sanders?\" Hook smirked. Eve smirked back, \"Bring it on!\" ... Hook and Eve stood a few feet away from each other, swords in hands, looking at each other with everyone watching them. No one moved, and no one dared to say anything. Nothing was happening, and a few started to question if Eve really wanted to fight or not, but Alex knew his sister better than that. She's thinking, he knows that. She's trying to make it seem like she won't do anything, so she can attack when the other person least expects it. She does it sometimes when she fights other people from other fencing schools. All of a sudden, Eve jumped into the air with her sword out in front of her and if Hook took an extra second, his head would have been split into two. \"Yeah!\" The lost boys and girls cheered. \"Go, Eve!\" Maggie and Jack cheered on. Hook stared wide-eyed at the teen girl, not expecting to fight as well as she does. In fact, she's a better fighter than the legendary swordswoman, the girl that Tink made up. Eve and the fighter resemble each other because the storybook character was named and made after Evelyn, but Eve is a more experienced fighter, and no one knew it, well, except her friends and family of course. \"What's wrong, Hook?\" Eve smirked, \"Didn't think I was that good of a fighter, did you? Well, you should do your research next time so there aren't any surprises.\" Hook sneered and raised his sword and advanced toward the smaller girl, but she quickly reacted and blocked his sword, with some gasping at Hook's quick advancement and change of demeanor. After Eve kept blocking his moves, the pirate began to get impatient, because a girl is beating him. He charged at her and she went to block him but he tricked her and raised his sword up quickly, and Eve realized what he was doing. As she went to block it, someone pushed her out of the way and onto the side. When she hit the floor, she looked up to see Peter facing Hook with a sword in his own hand. \"Are you ready for me, Peter?\" Hook questioned rather than challenging the older man. For years, Hook wanted to get revenge on Peter but resided to getting Eve to help him rule and to get rid of Pan with him. \"Dad,\" Jack stepped up, talking after being silent for a while. Peter turned around and Jack removed the wig on his head. \"I want to go home.\" \"Home? You are home!\" Hook emphasized and Peter walked over to Jack. Jack took a deep breath, \"I pretended to not remember who you are because I knew Hook wanted you gone, so I figured that it would make you want to fight more and become better to get Maggie and me.\" The lost boys and girls, Peter, Eve and Alex grinned. \"When he kidnapped you, I realized that he was after Eve, but wanted to kill you off either way, so I decided to keep it going until the time was right. I know you can beat him, but he won't bother us anymore, dad. His plan didn't work, and he'll still be an old, miserable man without a hand, but a hook for one. If he kills you, he still won't have a hand.\" Peter grabbed his son, and hugged and kissed him, then set him down on the ground. He put his hands on Jack's shoulders, \"You're very smart, Jack. I promise that things will be different from now on.\" Jack smiled and hugged Peter. The two of them flew down with Eve, Rufio, and Divina right behind. Peter took Maggie in his hands and the children followed him out, leaving the pirates in so much shock that they didn't even go after then, they just watched them leave. However, this didn't stop Hook from challenging Peter to fight him, but the older man kept walking away with the young children around him and his daughter in his arms. \"You need a mother very, very badly,\" Maggie called out to the pirate, who seemed angry that Maggie said that but ignored her and followed after them. \"What do we do?\" Ace asked, \"He's following us.\" \"Just ignore him.\" Eve answered, \"He wants us to give him our attention. If we don't give him what he wants, he'll go away.\" Hook kept yelling to Peter about finding him again and how bad his form is. Eventually, Peter went up and the two began to sword fight and everyone began to cheer: the pirates for Hook and the children for Peter. Then, they kept fighting until Hook almost pierced Peter with his sword, but Tink blocked it and Hook got pushed into the crocodile clock, which fell on him, eating him whole. The lost boys and girls stood around the crocodile and the older boys got closer with caution and realized that Hook wasn't coming back. They couldn't hear anything, not even a yell. Even though the crocodile is dead, it somehow ate Hook, killing him in the process. Maybe some sort of magic made the crocodile paralyzed, unable to move but who knows? It didn't matter to the lost boys and girls, they are just happy their rival is dead. \"He's dead!\" The older boys declared arms above them and everyone began to chant, sing and dance. Peter went up to Tink, \"Tink, you saved me.\" She smiled, \"Anything for an old friend, Peter.\" \"Or an old love,\" Eve added, making her brother and Peter's kids snicker in the process. Tink shot her a glare but Eve gave a sweet, sickled smile. Peter, on the other hand, wasn't paying any attention to them but to the lost boys and girls. Divina, Rufio and Sly went up to Eve, \"God job, Eve\" Divina congratulated, \"You helped get rid of Hook.\" \"No problem, I just hope one of the other pirates doesn't step up to finish what Hook started. That always happens in the books and movies.\" Eve exasperated, causing the other three to laugh. Divina and Rufio then went up to Peter as he bent down to the lost boys and girls and told them he had to go back, even with all the protests and the doubt that he'll forget them all over again but he refused to believe it. He told them that he'll always remember them and thanked them all for helping him and changing him as a man and father. Sly stayed with Eve and looked down at her since she's shorter than him: \"Eve, I want to give you this.\" He took out a necklace with a thimble on it and placed it into her hand. \"What's this?\" \"A kiss.\" Eve smirked, \"I see, thank you.\" She hugged him and he hugged her back, \"I have to go now.\" \"Will you come back?\" \"I don't know, Sly. I can't say, but I hope too someday. This kiss will help me to remember not just you, but all of Neverland and what all of you have done for Peter, his kids and my brother and I. Thank you.\" She smiled then walked over to Rufio and hugged him and turned to everyone, \"I want to thank all of you for helping us and having Peter realize that he not only needs to be a better man but a better father.\" They all clapped and cheered and she felt three smaller children wrap around her with hugs: Alex, Jack, and Maggie. Tink sprinkled fairy dust on all of them and they flew off to their own world, with wide smiles plastered onto their faces. When they got back to their world, they ended up at Wendy's front door and ran through the front entrance. Home Sweet Home \"Mommy, Wendy, Tootles!\" Maggie hollered. \"We're back!\" Alex shouted. \"Mom, Dad!\" The adults ran over to them and embraced them all into hugs, happy that they're reunited. Peter came by and talked about playing with the kids and the three ran off with him outside, laughing and screaming. Wendy took Eve's hands in her own and the fighter smiled, \"It's all over, Wendy. Hook's dead.\" She smiled, \"We're glad to hear that. We knew you could do it.\" Then she looked at the necklace around her neck, \"Eve dear, is that a kiss I see?\" \"Yes, it is.\" That week was extraordinary to all of them because they all found out they are related to a children's book. Eve helped Peter discover his past and helped him fix it by going to a new world and helping him fight an old nemesis. Eve learned a lesson that day also, people will always have enemies and sometimes, they are out for revenge. Anyone can be the bigger person and stand up to their enemies by showing them that they have no power or control. Revengeful and insecure people look for a large crowd of followers for approval, but at the end of the day, it does nothing to crave their desire for acceptance and power. Eve and Peter went and defeated an old fairytale villain with the one thing he never had: love. That is why Hook died, he didn't have anyone to support him for who he was rather than what people saw him as, a mean scary pirate. He wasn't a mean, scary pirate but a man that didn't have a family and craved love and affection. That's where his jealousy lied, not just because Peter got rid of his hand and was a better fighter than him or the fact that he stole Wendy from him, but the fact that Peter was respected for who he was rather than who he showed himself as and how people viewed him. That's why Wendy fell in love with Peter, she saw the good in him and Peter recognized his flaws and was okay with it. And Hook envied Eve not only for her power in combat but her eligibility to use it in the right ways and still be respected as a fighter and a person. Envy: Hook was envious of Peter for being better than he was and having children hate him. He was envious of Eve for being a better fighter. To get back at Peter and Eve, he kidnaps Jack, Maggie, and Alex to make them feel that they aren't loved. Jealousy makes even the nicest people commit the craziest things because they will do whatever it takes to make sure the person that they secretly admire fails. Hook had no one that loved him and hated anybody that had it better, which is why the pirates are treated horribly by him. Love: Peter loves his children but really proved it by fighting for them and coming back for Jack. Maggie and Alex refuse to believe Hook's crazy accusations because they are loyal to their families; this shows love because they will do anything for one another. Jack pretends to listen to Hook because he knows that it will make Peter fight harder for him. He acts like he doesn't remember to help his father defeat Hook and comes back to his side, showing that he forgives his father. Acceptance: Eve has to learn to help Peter realize who he is and who to change. Peter accepts that he was selfish and wasn't watching his children grow. Rufio learns to like Peter and helps him on his journey to defeat Hook while Tinkerbell has to accept that Peter has a family and never loved her. Jack, Maggie, and Alex learn that Peter may not always be there but he cares and should put his kids' needs before his, but they also accept the fact that he needs time for himself. The three know that the only way to forgive Peter is to know that he may not always be there but he cares. Smee has to accept that Hook isn't in the right state of mind and that trying to help him get revenge doesn't always work, sometimes it backfires. Bravery: Peter and Eve are brave. Peter didn't realize his underlying bravery until it came to protect his children. The children are brave because they stood with their own beliefs and helped fight a pirate. Eve shows courage because she faces her problems with Peter and uses that to help get rid of Hook; even though she didn't know her title, she stuck to it, showing that she didn't need to be comfortable to fight an old legendary villain. Change: Peter realizes that his friends and family are more important than his job and overcomes his fear of not having enough for his family. He learns that it's okay to enjoy life once in a while. Eve changes by accepting Peter and helping him with his desires to overcome his fears. Rufio did not trust Peter at first because he didn't think he was Pan, and distrusted him more because Pan left but grew to trust him, helping him beat Hook. Divina changed because she learned to love others back and not think people are out to get her. Jack doesn't lose hope in his father, which gave Peter an advantage to beating Hook; Peter had people to go back too; Hook didn't. And this dear readers, sum up The Secrets of the Neverland Heroes: Envy, Love, Acceptance, Bravery, And Change . ","Summary":" CHAPTER 1 The Legend ... The story of Peter Pan, Wendy, and the lost boys is never forgotten. Howev"},{"Movie":"Hook","Title":"Neverland Again","Author":"StoryWriterGirl101","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11060626","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Maggie's POV \"Whenever children read, it will say, 'Thus perished Peter Pan,\" the evil man said, holding up the medieval torture device on his arm. My older brother and I were paralyzed with fear. I was about to was my own father die and I was powerless to stop it. Suddenly, a glimmering light appeared and stopped the hook from hitting into my father in the head. My dad took hold of the man's arm and plunged it into the side of a supposedly dead crocodile. The pillars holding the croc up fell to the side and the croc fell on the man, eating him alive. The Lost Boys and my father all started celebrating. \"No more Hook!\" They chanted. My brother and I were left off to the side. I briefly looked to my right and saw a mysterious girl standing there. We made eye contact. Her eyes widened and she put a finger to her lips, signaling not to tell anyone that I'd seen her. Then, she vanished into the woods. I turned back to find my father giving us sympathetic looks. \"Tink, make my kids glow.\" I woke up in a pool of sweat. These dreams were happening more frequently now. I didn't know what they meant. All I knew was that the same thing happened in each one. It was the weirdest thing. In them, I was with Jack. He was twelve, and I was seven, meaning that this took place a great deal of time ago. I had no idea why I'd dream such a thing. My father was no super hero. Despite all of these odd feelings, the thing that stood out to me the most was the girl. She was about thirteen. She had dark brown hair, blue eyes and dirt on her face. I looked at my clock. 2:30. Ugh. Sleep now, questions later. I laid my head back down on the pillow and drifted off into the same dream again.[Chapter 2] \"Hello?\" \"Maggie! Hello! I miss you,\" Mom. I'd just been woken up by the sound of my phone ringing and I answered it as quick as possible, still half asleep. \"Hi, mom. I miss you too. What's up?\" I asked, looking at the clock. Noon. \"Not much. Your father says hi. Anyway, I just wanted to know when you're coming next week, hon,\" she said. \"What?\" I asked, still trying to shake the sleep from my eyes. \"For the wedding? Please tell me you haven't forgotten. Maggie, this is important to Jack. You have to be there, no matter how you feel about Jeanette,\" she said. \"Oh, right, the wedding, of course. No, I didn't forget. I'll be there,\" I said. My mother knew I hadn't had the best opinion on Jeanette, Jack's fiance. She was anything but nice and just wasn't right for my brother. \"Um, Tuesday! Is Tuesday okay?\" I asked, realizing I hadn't talking in a while. \"Perfect, dear. See you then,\" she said. \"Okay, mom. See you. Love you! B-\" \"Maggie,\" I stopped talking. \"Please. If you can't do this for Jack and Jeanette, do it for me. It would mean a lot if you were here. I love you. It means a lot to your father and I as well as Jack. Please don't let me down, darling.\" \"Moooooom. I won't,\" I replied, annoyed with her lack of trust in me. \"Well, alright sweetie. Tuesday. See you then!\" she said, her voice light and airy again. Before I could speak, I heard a click and I knew she'd hung up. My mother and father lived in Virginia. He was a lawyer. He had been for as long as I could remember. He used to be a work-aholic, but when I was around six or seven, something changed. Something small, though. He stayed the same but did little things differently. Made it to more of Jack's baseball games, came to my school plays, that sort of thing. But after a while, he went back to his old self. My mother was a teacher. She loves kids. Jack, on the other hand, had grown up to be a complete smart-ass. He got straight A's in school, blah blah blah. 'Hurray for Jack. Jack is so cool. He's smart. Good for him. Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack.' That's another reason why I resent this wedding. More props to Jack. 'Jack is getting married! Good for him! Yay!' My God, people focus so much on Jack it's a wonder anyone even bothers to remember my name. What was I saying? Oh, yeah, he grew up and forgot about baseball altogether after his extreme success in academics. He became a teacher, like my mother. But not just any teacher, no way! That's too good for Jack. He teaches at a law school. LAW. Like my father. Needless to say, my parents are very proud of him. But me... well... I grew up to move to New York in search of being a fashion designer, but ended up a cashier at Target. Jack met Jeanette in high school and for whatever reason, found her somewhat appealing. I can't even sit in the same room with her for too long before I have to take an Aspirin. I can't stand her. Not one bit. I've only ever told my mother and my best friend, Liliana this. I decided to call Liliana. \"Hello?\" she picked up on the second ring. She was at work. \"Tuesday.\" \"Is that when you're leaving?\" she asked. I nodded, but remembered she couldn't see me. \"Yeah,\" I replied. \"And she got in a tizzy because I guess she was afraid I wouldn't show or something. Can you imagine? I mean, I hate Jeanette with a burning passion, but I'd never do that to my brother. I'm not a cold, heartless bitch like her.\" Lily laughed. \"Anyway, I talked to my dad last week and he said I could bring a friend, soo...\" \"Maggie... Oh no...\" \"Will you do me the honor of going to my brother's shitty wedding with me?\" I asked. She laughed more. \"I don't know,\" she said when she recovered. \"Oh, come on. I don't have anyone else to go with and I need someone to hold my earrings when Jeanette gets prissy,\" I said. She giggled again, quieter this time. Her boss was probably walking by. \"Well, I don't condone fighting, especially on white-veiled occasions, but I suppose I'll come with you,\" she said. \"Suppose? Come on, it's not like you have any plans,\" I joked. She laughed again. That's Lily. Always laughing. \"Look, I gotta go. Text me later,\" she said. \"Okay, bye, dah-ling.\"[Chapter 3] Now, my parents didn't like Jeanette any more than I did, but they never told Jack this, of course. I mean, what are you gonna say? 'Oh, you're getting married? Congradulations. FYI, we hate her.' No. My parents hid their hatred for Jeanette, or Jeanie, as her stuck-up friends called her. My mother, especially was always trying to get closer to her and bring me along for the ride. \"Oh, Maggie,\" she'd say. \"You should drive down some weekend, then you, Jeanette and I could spend a girls-weekend together.\" I'd always decline, of course, but my mother wanted to be closer to her new daughter-in-law. She also couldn't stand the fact that Jeanette didn't like her. My mother is the kind of person who has to be liked by everyone, and when she's not, it bothers her to no end. Jeanette, though, was a hopeless case. I'd known this from the beginning. She'd been extremely snotty since the moment I met her and hasn't changed since. Jack, of course, overlooks this as well as my parents. I, on the other hand, can't stand her. I know I've said this a lot, but I really can't. I can only take her in small doses. Now, with the wedding and all, it's going to be all about her. Well, it's usually all about her anyway, but now it will be condoned. Thank god for Lily, because without her, I didn't know if I could go to the wedding and make it home in one piece. \"Lily!\" \"Mab!\" she called, running over and hugging me. She calls me 'Mab' sometimes because it's my initials put together, and it means 'Mediocre at Best.' \"My, my, a week has gone by fast, hasn't it?\" I asked, hugging her back. She nodded on my shoulder. I grabbed her small suitcase and shoved it in the trunk of my Honda, where it sat happily along with my suitcase. She jumped in the passenger seat and I got in the driver's seat. \"So, how have you been? I haven't seen you in forever!\" She said. \"I know! It feels like it's been ages. I've been awesome. Well, except for this whole 'wedding' thing. I can't stand Jeanette. I'm sick of her already, and we haven't even left New York yet,\" I replied. \"Really? She's that bad, huh? Must suck. Well, you better get over it soon because she's gonna be your sister. There's no way around that,\" she said. \"No way,\" I laughed. \"I refuse to call her my sister.\" \"So then what are you gonna call her?\" \"Jack's fiance. Jack's wife. Jack's mess,\" I said, calling some nicknames I'd thought of on my way to pick Lily up from her apartment. She laughed. \"Jack's mess. I like that one,\" she said. \"How is Jack, anyway?\" \"I'm not sure. Fine, I guess. I mean, she hasn't bit his head off yet, so I suppose he's okay.\" she laughed again. It was inevitable that she'd be nervous about seeing Jack again. She was an orphan and was adopted by my neighbors when we were six, which is how we became best friends. When we were fifteen, she went out with Jack, which seemed weird. A fifteen year old with a twenty year old, but she'd known Jack forever, so it wasn't that weird to us. The five years between them never mattered. For whatever reason, they broke up and Jeanette entered the picture. \"I'm sorry for making you come to this wedding. You guys used to go out and now you have to watch your ex get married,\" I said. \"Hey, I'm happy to be there for you. It's whatever. Just as long as things don't get awkward.\" \"Well, awkward and Jack go hand in hand.\" \"Maggie! You made it!\" My mother said when she opened the door. She sounded relieved. I nodded. \"Hi mom! Hi daddy!\" I said, hugging her and kissing him on the cheek. I'd already taken Lily to the guest house, where we'd share a room. \"So, where's Jack and...\" I lowered my voice, \"the mega-beast?\" My father laughed. \"It's not funny! Maggie, don't talk like that, and please be a little lady when they are around. I admit, Jeanette can be a bit trying at times, but work with me, here. And if you must know, they are downstairs watching a movie in the theater.\" After Jack and I moved out, my parents had a lot of extra money, so they converted the basement into a home theater with a chocolate fountain, a popcorn machine, a giant TV, and three couches. \"Mmkay. That'll distract them for a while,\" I said. My father held in another laugh for the sake of mom, who didn't approve of my jokes about Jeanette. A few minutes later, I made an escape for the guest house. When I got there, I shut the door and exhaled loudly. \"My mother drives me nuts sometimes. Jeanette is not the queen,\" I said to Lily. She sighed. \"I suppose I should go thank them for letting me stay here,\" she said, getting up and leaving. She didn't like to see me upset. No one did, really. I can be a bitch when I'm upset. There was two beds in the room. I sat on mine and took my shoes off. I grabbed the remote and turned on the flatscreen on the wall. The first thing I saw on the screen was the large, cartoonish face of a boy with a green hat. Peter Pan. An old classic, but too childish. I decided the change the channel, but for some reason, the remote stopped working after I turned to TV on. After a few seconds, I walked over to the TV, gave up on changing the channel, and turned it off manually. As I sat back down on my bed, Lily came back into the room. I decided to go into the bathroom to get ready for bed. She sat down on her bed and picked up the remote. She clicked the 'ON' button, and the TV mysteriously turned on. Just a weird coincidence. I told myself. I'd been getting bad vibes ever since we got here. I couldn't help but feel a little suspicious when I saw through the bathroom mirror that the first thing that lit up the screen was a rerun of 'Pretty Little Liars.'[Chapter 4] \"Maggie! Lily! Wake up!\" \"Huh?\" I heard Lily say, still half asleep. \"Maggie,\" she said when she woke up more. \"Do you see it too?\" I looked up and saw a floating light. \"Yeah... Wait, was it just...talking?\" I asked. \"Yes, it was, and it has a name, you know!\" The light said. We screamed. \"SHHH!\" It said. We were quiet. \"Wh...Who are you?\" Lily asked. \"Oh, Lily, you don't remember me?\" The light went and sat on her bed, and then I could see that it wasn't, in fact, a light, more a person. A very tiny person. With wings. \"Am I dreaming?\" I asked. \"No, Maggie. I'm real. You don't remember me, either?\" \"Should I?\" I think I'd remember meeting a tiny person with wings. I thought. \"Remember when you were seven and you took that trip to London with your parents and Jack? What happened on that trip, Maggie?\" she asked. \"I don't really remember. It was about ten years ago,\" I said. She sighed. \"What is it about the mainland that makes people forget?\" she asked. I looked at Lily, somewhat frightened. \"On that trip, you and your brother were kidnapped by Captain Hook, and-\" \"Woah, woah, Captain Hook? Like, in Peter Pan?\" I asked. \"Precisely,\" she replied. \"Speaking of, where's your father?\" she asked. I laughed. \"My father? Why do you need him?\" \"Well, he is Peter Pan, isn't he?\" She asked. Okay, now I was laughing my head off. \"My dad? Peter Pan? No way, I think you have to wrong Peter,\" I said. \"No, Maggie. I'm Tink. I used to know your father. He is Peter Pan. Something bad is going to happen and I've come to warn you about it,\" she said. \"The only bad thing that's going to happen is Jack is going to marry that witch, Jeanette,\" I said. \"I get the feeling you don't like her?\" she asked. \"Look, Dink-\" \"Tink,\" she corrected. \"Whatever,\" I continued. \"I don't know what you are or how you got here, but my father is not Peter Pan and you are crazy.\" \"Oh Maggie. How could you forget? Please. Just come with me so I know you are safe. Just for the night,\" she said. \"No way. The only place I'm going is back to bed!\" I said. \"Fine. If you won't come willingly, I'll take you both by force!\" she said. I didn't know what she meant by that, but it scared me a bit. Suddenly, she started flying. She grabbed the edges of Lily's blanket, flew over to my bed, and grabbed the edges of my blanket. She carried us both. We screamed so loud I'm sure it woke up my parents, Jack, and Jeanette, but by the time they could make it to the guest house, we'd be long gone. Gosh, Tink flies fast. The next thing I knew, I was falling. Falling. Maggie, you are falling. Do something, idiot. All I could do was sit calmly wrapped in my blanket. That is, until I hit the hard forest ground. \"Ow!\" I yelled, sitting up and rubbing my back. I was surrounded by little boys. I stood up. \"Lily!\" I yelled. Suddenly, she was next to me, looking as scared and confused as I was. \"Are you really Peter Pan's daughter?\" one boy, with blonde hair and blue eyes, asked. \"What? No! I don't know what that little...thing-\" \"Fairy,\" Tink said, hovering above my head. \"-Told you kids, but I am NOT Peter Pan's daughter. Where the hell am I?\" \"Neverland,\" another boy, with brown hair and brown eyes, answered. I laughed. \"So, let me get this straight. My dad is Peter Pan, and now we're in Neverland so we can fight pirates and have parties with Indians and live forever and sprinkles and puppies and rainbows?\" I asked. \"Pretty much,\" Tink said. \"No,\" I said. \"I need to go back.\" \"You have to stay for now. Please trust me. You'll remember soon,\" Tink said. \"Fine. I'll stay. But I have to be home in time for Jack's wedding in three days. If I'm not there, my mother will never forgive me, let alone Jack,\" I said. \"Hmm...three days...\" Tink thought. \"Well then. We have a lot of remembering to do. Let's get to it!\" Moira's POV \"How can they be gone so fast?\" I asked. We heard the girls screaming from the guest house and were there in less than two minutes, but they were already gone. \"Where could they be?\" I asked. The police had already left, but Peter and I couldn't get back to sleep. \"I feel like we've gone through this before,\" Peter said. \"We might have. I think I remember this feeling from somewhere, but wouldn't we remember if our kids were kidnapped before,\" I asked, remembering the feeling. \"I don't remember, but I know the feeling,\" Peter said. The feeling we are talking about is just not knowing. Not knowing where they could be. No knowing what could be happening to them, and being scared for them. Good thing Jack was safe. I didn't know what I'd do if both of them were gone. But I still wanted to know where Maggie and Lily were. \"Moira, when Maggie got here and started making all those jokes about Jack marrying Jeanette, it dawned on me how much she's against this. I almost feel bad for her, but I know there's nothing we can do about it. The wedding is three days away. We can't stop it now,\" Peter said. \"And even if we could, we wouldn't,\" I said. \"All that matters is that Jack is happy.\" \"Well, Moira, the girl is just plain rude. You know it. It's not just for Jack. Imagine all of the time we have to spend with her. Thanksgivings, Easters, Christmases. Jack is about to make a huge mistake and he doesn't know it yet,\" he said. I had to agree with him. \"Well, that's true, but sulking about it now won't help anything. Everything is set. Jack is getting married to her and that is that,\" I said. But I had to admit, I wish Jack would have stayed with one of his other girlfriends, like Lily.[Chapter 5] Maggie's POV Tink showed me to a tree with a bunch of small hut-sort-of-things hanging from it, and she showed me to where I would sleep. At that point, I was so tired, I would sleep on rocks if I had to. Luckily, I didn't have to. The bed was actually pretty comfortable. As I blew out my candle, I heard one of the younger Lost Boys. \"Good night, Neverland!\" he yelled. I smiled. These kids were so lucky. No cares in the world. Life was simple for them. They could live forever without any problems. Then the was me, who had to live with Jeanette. Awesome. I laid down and fell asleep. The next thing I remember is waking up and noticing that I was no longer in the treehouse. \"Maggie. Long time, no see,\" said a familiar voice. Where do I remember that voice from? I sat up and looked around for the owner of the voice and saw a scruffy man with a short beard. \"Oh, Great. Now where am I?\" I asked. \"On the pirate ship, of course,\" he replied. \"Oh, wow. This night just keeps getting better and better,\" I said, sarcastically. \"Where's Lily?\" \"We left her back at the camp. We just wanted to let you know what's been going on,\" he said. What did he mean by 'we?' \"Been going on?\" I asked. He nodded. \"You see, I have a bit of a problem with your father. He killed Captain Hook. Now, I'm in charge, and it is my job to see that your father is killed as well. I am using you as bait, but it seems as though he needs Wendy to remind him all over again. Since she is no longer around, I may need to take Jack as well, and leave some subtle hints. If push comes to shove, I'll have to kidnap Peter altogether,\" he explained. \"Woah, you don't want to kill my father! He's never hurt anyone!\" I said. \"Yes, he has. You were there when he killed Hook. Don't you remember? The crocodile fell on him.\" He said. I gasped. \"My dream,\" I mumbled. \"What about your dream?\" He asked. \"I had a dream about that. I saw a girl in it,\" I said. \"Girl? What girl?\" \"I think she was with the Lost Boys, but I can't be sure...\" I said, thinking. \"Lost Boys? There isn't a Lost Girl...or is there?\" Just then, I realized how demented this sounded. \"Sorry, this isn't real. Neverland isn't real, you aren't real, this is just a dream. I'm going to wake up any second now,\" I said. The man gave me a confused look. \"This isn't a dream. Now, Maggie, I need you to tell me about the girl in your dream,\" he said. Suddenly, a pan flew out of nowhere and hit him in the head. He fell to the perfectly polished floor, letting out a quiet moan before passing out completely. \"Stay away from her, Smee!\" Tink yelled, although he couldn't hear her. \"Ugh. You again,\" I said. \"Now, Maggie,\" she scolded. \"Is that any way to talk to someone why just saved you?\" she asked. Saved me? Once we got back to the treehouse, I laid down in my soft hut sort of thing, which was just next to Lily's, who was still asleep, and I talked to Tink for a while. \"Do you think he'll really kidnap Jack?\" I asked. \"You know, assuming this isn't a dream and everything.\" \"Maybe. Hook kidnapped both you. What can stop him from kidnapping one of you?\" she asked. This made me nervous. \"Will he hurt Jack?\" I asked. \"No, not at first,\" she said. This confused me. As first? \"If your dad doesn't win the war, you and Jack will be killed. Maybe even Moira, too,\" she explained. A shiver went up my spine. \"But I know your father can win. He's done it before, he can do it again, even if he needs to be reminded all over again. And if he wins this time, well, then the pirates won't have anyone to lead them. Their race will crumble, and they may even leave Neverland altogether.\" She smiled. I felt bad because I knew she'd be disappointed to find out that my dad is just a normal guy. She seemed too confident in him. \"Why does this have to be a war? Can't we just play a friendly game of rock-paper-scissors?\" I asked. Tink laughed. \"I don't think that's how it works, exactly,\" she said. It was quiet for a moment. \"I heard you mention a girl in your dream. Can you tell me about her?\" she asked. It was just a dream, but whatever floats your boat. I thought. \"She had brown hair and blue eyes, and looked around thirteen,\" I said. \"Mmhm. Now, I need you to think really hard, okay? Who did that girl look a lot like?\" Tink asked. I thought for a second, then gasped. \"Lily.\"[Chapter 6] \"How could that be possible, though?\" I asked. \"Lily knows as much about Neverland as I do, and I'm not even fully convinced that this isn't a dream.\" \"Lily used to be a Lost Girl. The only Lost Girl. She just doesn't remember, just like you don't remember being kidnapped by Hook, or your father doesn't remember being Peter Pan,\" Tink replied. This is so surreal. \"Wait, so you're saying you are going to make me remember being kidnapped?\" I asked. \"Well, essentially, yes. You and your brother are old enough to help your father in this war, now. You weren't before,\" she explained. \"Unfortunately, I didn't hit Smee with that pan hard enough to kill him, so his plan will be carried out. You, Jack and your father are all in this together now. You have to remember what happened ten years ago.\" \"Wait, so you expect Jack, my perfect big brother , to fight alongside Peter Pan? I don't think so,\" I laughed. \"Maggie, no one is perfect. Not even Jack,\" she said. \"Anyway, the sooner we can get to him, the sooner we can make you both remember and train for the war. I just hope we can get to Jack before Smee does.\" \"What about Jeanette? Can't Smee just kill her instead of my dad?\" I asked. Tink laughed. \"You really don't like this girl, do you?\" she asked. \"Not one bit,\" I said. \"And if you met her, you'd know why.\" \"Well, have you tried to spend time with her?\" \"Not particularly,\" I replied. It was true. I hadn't. \"Not that it's going to matter now. If I die in this war, I won't ever have to see her face again. You know, assuming this isn't a dream.\" Tink sighed. \"Good night, Maggie,\" she said, and then she flew away, leaving me drowning in darkness. \"Now, pay attention, class, we have a lot to go over. Lesson one: Why Parents Hate Their Children. Anyone?\" The evil man asked. \"Doesn't mommy read to us every night?\" I asked, turning to Jack. \"You,\" the man said, sticking the sharp object attached to his arm in my desk. This didn't seem like a normal classroom. \"the cute little urchin in the front row. Won't you share your thoughts with the whole class?\" He asked as if there were more kids in the room. It was just Jack and I. \"Yes. I said mommy reads to us every night because she loves us very much,\" I replied. \"Loves you?\" He asked, turning to his assistant. They mumbled for a moment, and when they turned back around, they looked disgusted. \"No, child. I think your mother reads to you every night in order to stupefy you to sleep, so that she and daddy can sit down for three measly minutes without you and your mindless, inexhaustible, unstoppable, repetitive and nagging demands: he took my toy, she hit my bear, I want a potty, I want a cookie, I want to stay up. I want, I want, I want, me, me, me, me, mine, mine, mine, mine, now, now, now.\" He did this weird inhale kind of thing, and then said, \"Can't you understand, child? They tell you stories to shut you up.\" \"And conk you out,\" the other guy said. This really upset me. \"That's not true, Jack. You're a liar!\" I yelled. \"Lie? Me?\" The man laughed. \"Never. The truth is far too much fun. Oh, my child, before you were born, your parents would stay up all night together just to see the sun rise. Don't be frightened. Maggie, before you were born, they were happier. They were free.\" \"You're a bad man,\" I said. \"Smee, flunk the maggot,\" he said. \"Abso-flogging-lutely,\" the other man said, writing a big red F on my paper. \"An F? An F? He gave me an F!\" I said. Suddenly, I noticed the two men talking to Jack. \"Jack. Your father went to your sister's school play, did he not? But did he go to your baseball game?\" he asked. \"How'd you know about that?\" Jack asked. \"He missed the most important game on what might have been the most important day of your young life,\" I could see Jack pondering this. \"I WANT TO TEAR YOUR HOOK OFF!\" I yelled, getting up and pulling at his Hook. \"You see?\" the man said to his assistant. I HATE...I HATE YOU, MR. HOOK!\" The man laughed. \"What did I tell you, Smee? No little children love me.\" \"'Course they do. Come on you, you're depressing the Captain,\" said the other man, coming over to me and picking me up. He started to carry me away. \"Jack! You listen to me. Neverland makes you forget. Never forget mommy and daddy!\" \"Maggie,\" he said. \"Think of a way to run home, Jack, run home!\" I yelled. \"Maggie! Maggie, wake up!\" I opened my eyes quickly. \"What's wrong?\" I asked automatically. \"I should be asking you. You were crying in your sleep. Bad dream?\" Lily asked. \"Yeah, I guess you could say that,\" I said. Why did I keep having these dreams? This one was like my other one, but different. The same people were in it, and Jack and I were the same age, but it took place somewhere else. The things that crazy dude was saying about my parents bothered me, but it was just a dream, so it didn't matter. But if my other dream really happened, does that mean this this one took place, too? I was so confused. Suddenly, Tink came flying out of nowhere in a hurry. \"Maggie! We're too late! Smee has Jack and Jeanette!\" she said. \"He took Jeanette, too?\" I asked. She nodded. \"We have to get them back,\" she said. \"Can't we just take Jack?\" I asked. She shook her head. \"I don't think they know they're in Neverland yet. They were asleep when I found out. We have to go now!\" she said, grabbing our arms. \"Woah, woah, why do Lily and I have to go? You seem pretty all-mighty. Can't you do it yourself?\" I asked. \"Maggie, your brother is in trouble. Do now, ask questions later,\" she said, so I just followed. It was early in the morning, so we were quiet when leaving the treehouses. We made our way through the woods, and soon, we made it to Pirate Town. Now, I got a really good look at it. It was dirty and gross. I did remember it from somewhere, but I couldn't remember where, which creeped me out. \"Stay here and don't get into any trouble! I'll be right back,\" Tink said, flying away and leaving us alone. \"This place is cool-looking,\" Lily said. \"It's disgusting,\" I said. \"But I think I remember it from somewhere.\" \"Me too. Hey, I've been getting these weird dreams lately. They're all different, but usually about a younger me fighting pirates with those boys back at that camp,\" she said. Weird. \"I've been getting weird dreams, too, but it's hard to explain,\" I said. Suddenly, Tink flew back with two huge dresses and a bunch of makeup. \"Tink! This is no time for makeovers!\" I said. \"This is your disguise,\" she said. \"Now hurry! Jack and Jeanette are going to wake up soon, and they can NOT wake up to Smee. They'll freak.\" \"They'll also freak if they wake up to a bunch of dirty Lost Boys and a fairy,\" I said. She scowled. I put on my dress. She pinned up my hair and put about nine pounds of makeup on my face. \"Now, the disguises are only if anyone sees us. I'll distract Smee, you guys go in and get the lovely couple,\" she said. We nodded. She pointed to the door that my brother, his mess, and Smee were supposedly behind. I opened it quietly, and Tink flew in. After a few minutes, we the door burst open again and Tink flew out, Smee chasing close behind her. He was too focused on catching her that he didn't notice us standing off to the side. We ran in. I saw Jeanette laying asleep on the same couch I'd woken up on the night before, but Jack was nowhere to be found. \"Where's Jack?\" I asked. \"I have no idea!\" Lily said, flustered. We both knew Smee would be back soon. \"Jeanette, wake up. Come on,\" I said. \"What, where the hell am I? Maggie? Your fashion sense has really changed since the last time I saw you,\" she asked. \"Just come with me,\" I said. \"Hell no! Where's Jack? What is going on?\" Lily and I exchanged a glance. I grabbed Jeanette's legs and Lily grabbed her arms. She started kicking and screaming, but we quickly exited as fast as we could. Why am I doing this? I asked myself. We heard Smee coming back. Sorry, Jack . I thought as Lily and I carried Jeanette through to woods and back to camp.[Chapter 7] A/N: Before this chapter starts, I just wanted to write a warning. There is a lot of coarse language in this chapter. You have been warned! When we got back to camp, Jeanette screamed loud enough to wake up every Lost Boy within a ten mile radius. \"The pirates are coming!\" They yelled. This confused me until I remembered how Lily and I were dressed. They huddled around us, weapons drawn. \"Boys, it's us. Maggie and Lily. We are dressed like this because we were trying to save my brother,\" I explained. \"Oh,\" said Thud. They put away their weapons. \"Maggie, your brother looks like a girl,\" Too Small said. I laughed. \"This isn't my brother. This is his fiance, Jeanette. We couldn't get to Jack in time,\" I said. \"Oh. She doesn't look too happy to have been saved. Is she a pirate?\" he asked. Judging by her attitude, she might as well be . I thought. \"No, she's not. She just doesn't know what's going on,\" I said. \"Who are you kids?! Holy shit! Get away from me!\" she yelled. I rolled my eyes. \"They're kids. What are they gonna do? Stick a booger on you?\" I asked. \"Maggie! They have swords ,\" he said. \"Maggie, can we have fun with her?\" Thud asked. I smiled and nodded. \"Knock yourself out,\" I said. They crowded around her. She looked like she was staring death in the face, she was so scared. \"What do you kids want?\" she asked, trying to sound tough, but I could see the fear on her face. \"Do you want to play a game with us?\" Ace asked. She rolled her eyes. \"Games are for kids. I'm not a kid,\" she replied. \"This game can be for grown ups, too,\" Don't Ask said. \"What game?\" she asked curiously. \"It's called,\" Thud said quietly at first, then yelling,\"KILL THE GIRL WITH THE BAD ATTITUDE!\" \"Maggie, I think they mean you,\" she said. I rolled my eyes again, then laughed as the boys chased her away. \"Well, that problem is taken care of,\" I said. I took off my 300 lbs dress, revealing my normal clothes. We found a nearby stream on the way here and took our makeup off. Lily unpinned my hair and I felt normal again. We decided to go find the boys and make sure they didn't actually hurt Jeanette. I'd be dead if she got hurt. We found the boys and Jeanette in a small area with basketball hoops and a wall with a bunch of stuff drawn on it, like names and crossed-out pirates, etc. Some boys were skateboarding, others were playing basketball with Jeanette, who kept getting hit with the ball. It was pretty funny to watch. \"MAGGIE DO SOMETHING!\" She yelled. \"No, no, keep going. You're doing fine, but I think you're about to lose to a bunch of nine year olds,\" I laughed. Soon, one of the boys hit her in the head and she fell to the ground. \"Alright, boys, enough is enough,\" I said, stopping them. \"Ugh,\" Jeanette sat on the ground, her hair in knots, sweat on her face. The looked pitiful. \"Can someone please just tell me where the hell I am?\" she asked. She said this politely, but her choice of words wasn't so polite. Maybe that ball hit her too hard on the head. \"In Neverland, apparently,\" I replied. She nodded. \"Oh. That makes perfect sense,\" she said. \"I go to sleep one night, and the next thing I know, I'm in Neverland with pirates and mermaids and Mary had a Little Lamb and Peter Pan.\" \"Mary had a Little Lamb?\" Too Small asked. \"Peter Pan left years ago,\" Thud said. Jeanette raised an eyebrow. \"He wasn't supposed to grow up, so where the hell did he go?\" she asked. \"He married Wendy's granddaughter and had two kids. Long story,\" he said. \"Maybe Maggie can tell you about it. She knows a lot about that.\" I shook my head, but she'd already turned to me. \"Alright. Let's hear it. What happened in this magical fairytale ending?\" she asked. I sighed. \"Everyone keeps saying that Jack and I are Peter Pan's kids,\" she laughed at this. \"and ten years ago, we were kidnapped by Hook. My dad killed him, and now his evil assistant, Smee, is after us.\" \"Oh, really? Maggie, I'm not dumb enough to believe that. I'm being punk'd, aren't I? I knew it. Where are the cameras hidden?\" she asked. \"There are none. This is real,\" Tink said. \"Shit! Tink why are you always flying out of no where? You scare the crap out of me sometimes,\" I said. Tink landed on Jeanette's shoulder. \"Sorry,\" she said. She turned to Jeanette. \"Hi.\" Jeanette's eyes widened at the tiny creature and she screamed and stumbled backwards. Tink lost her balance and fell off her shoulder. \"What the HELL is that?\" Jeanette asked, scared. \"I'm a who, not a what!\" Tink defended. \"I'm Tinkerbell.\" Jeanette reached down and touched the fairy. \"It's...real...\" she mumbled. \"I'm crazy. I'm fucking crazy. I'm absolutely mad...\" She stood up and put a palm to her forehead, closing her eyes. \"This isn't real. This isn't real. This can't be real. THIS IS REAL!\" she yelled. \"Maggie, whatever sick, twisted stunt you are pulling needs to end right now because I am going to need a lot of therapy after this!\" \"I'm not doing anything!\" I said. She exhaled loudly. \"Tink, she says a lot of bad words,\" Too Small said. \"I know, Too Small,\" Tink sad. \"That's okay just as long as you don't say those things.\" \"YOU PEOPLE ARE CRAZY! BAD WORDS SHOULD BE THE LEAST OF YOUR PROBLEMS RIGHT NOW! THERE IS A REAL FUCKING FAIRY...AND THESE KIDS ARE RUNNING AROUND WITH ABSOLUTELY NO ADULT SUPERVISION! THIS PLACE IS NUTS. Oh my god, I'm having a nervous breakdown right now... This is not good,\" Jeanette said, looking sick. \"Look, Jeanette, it's okay. I know it's a lot to think about right now, but all you have to do is forget normality. I know that's hard, but once you can do that, all of this easier to take in,\" Tink said, walking her away. Jeanette was so vulnerable, she just followed Tink, who took her to a vacant treehouse for her to rest. Then, I remembered I had bigger problems than Jeanette. \"Boys,\" I said. They all turned to me. \"Where do you do your...business?\" The pointed to the trees. Great. I walked through the woods alone until I found a nice place to pee. After I did that, I decided to walk a little further. I was going down a steep downhill, and I knew which way to go to avoid Pirate Town. Soon, I got to a small cove. I could see the Lost Boy's treehouse on the cliff high above me. I was on a small beach. I took off my boots and let my feet soak in the water. I closed my eyes and laid back on the sand. Suddenly, I felt a hand on my ankle. I quickly sat up and gasped at what I saw. \"You're a...a...\" I said. The girl smiled. \"I'm a mermaid,\" she said, her hand still on my ankle. She had red hair and a pink tail. She was very pretty. \"You look familiar. Do I know you?\" I shook my head. \"I'd remember if I met a mermaid,\" I said. \"Maggie!\" I turned. \"What the hell, Tink? I'm just trying to socialize,\" I said. \"We don't socialize with mermaids,\" she said, glaring at the mermaid, who now took her hand off my ankle and swam away. I put my boots back on as Tink scolded me. \"She was trying to drown you. That's what they always do for fun.\" \"Drown me? That doesn't seem very mermaid-ly at all,\" I said. \"Mermaids in real life are very different from mermaids in stories,\" she said. Lets get back to camp. Dinner will be ready soon.\"[Chapter 8] There was a long table for all of the Lost Boys to sit at and eat dinner. I was so excited because I hadn't eaten since the night before. They brought steaming plates to the table. All of the kids put their hands together. \"GRACE!\" They yelled, then started digging in. I laughed, but then noticed that there was no food there. \"Tink, where the heck is the food?\" I asked. \"You have to use your imagination,\" she said. \"Like, just imagine the food?\" Jeanette asked. Tink nodded. \"That's hilarious.\" Tink shrugged. \"Do you want food or not?\" Tink asked. \"I am not doing this. It's stupid,\" Jeanette said. I exhaled loudly. \"Is there a problem, Maggie?\" I faked a smile. \"No, not at all, Princess.\" She narrowed her eyes at me. \"What has the world come to? It's scary to think that people like you are graduating from college. You act as if your stupidity is a virtue,\" she boys looked up from their (empty) plates and stopped pretending to eat. \"Someone should teach you some manners,\" I said. \"Why should I learn something you haven't bothered to learn yourself?\" she asked. It's on. \"Honey, you do know Amanda Bynes isn't a very good role model, right?\" I asked. \"I know. By the way, I'm a lot prettier than Amanda Bynes, but even she is prettier than you.\" \"Please. I could wipe your so-called beauty off with a baby wipe,\" I said back. \"By the way, Bozo the clown called. He wants his face paint back.\" \"You should have been born in the Dark Ages because you look terrible in the light,\" she said. \"Were you born on the highway? That's where most accidents happen,\" I said. \"I would slap you, but I don't want to get ugly on my hand,\" she said. \"Why? You already have it all over your outfit!\" \"Bangerang, Maggie!\" The boys yelled. \"You remind me of a penny,\" she replied. \"Two-faced and worthless.\" \"I'm not saying I hate you. I'm just saying that if you got hit by a bus, I'd be the one driving that bus,\" I said back. \"Hey, Maggie, wanna see something funny? Hold on, I'll get you a mirror,\" she retorted. \"How old are you? Oh wait, nevermind. I can't count that high.\" \"Keep talking. Someday, you'll say something intelligent.\" \"Roses are red, violets are blue, God made me pretty, what happened to you?\" I asked. Some of the boys laughed at this. She was quiet now. No more insults. I smiled triumphantly. \"Maggie...\" she said. Then I realized why she'd been so quiet. The table was now full of food. Cake, pizza, brownies, cookies, pie, mashed potatoes, everything. I gasped. \"You're doing it,\" Too Small said. \"Doing what?\" I asked. I hadn't been doing anything differently. \"Using your imagination, Maggie,\" Pockets said. I smiled and dug in, feeling like a kid again. After dinner, everyone went to bed. I was just about to fall asleep when I heard a soft voice wake me. \"Maggie?\" \"Hm?\" \"I'm sorry about the things I said to you at dinner.\" I sat up, and sure enough, I saw Jeanette sitting next to my treehouse, looking sad. Her eyes were puffy. \"Have you been crying?\" I asked. \"No!\" She defended automatically. She took a deep breath. \"Yes.\" \"Why?\" I asked. \"I don't know. I'm just scared. This shouldn't be real, but it is. I'm surrounded by people I don't know, besides you, but we barely get along, and I have no idea where Jack is or what's going to happen to him.\" Then, I realized something. \"You really do love him, don't you?\" I asked. She nodded, bursting into silent tears, careful not to wake anyone else up. This had never crossed my mind. I had only been thinking about the way Jeanette acted, not how she felt about my brother, which is what I should have been thinking about. \"This is all so sudden. A few days ago, I was being treated like a princess, now I have to pee in the woods,\" she sobbed. She gasped. \"My wedding! What if we don't make it back in time for my wedding!\" \"Relax, Tink said she'll bring us back,\" I said. \"What about Jack? You can't have a wedding without the groom!\" she said, still crying. \"Haven't you been worried about him at all? He's your brother.\" I hadn't realized that up until this moment, I hadn't really been worried about him. I'd been worried about myself and my father, but not Jack. What could happen to him? \"It's okay. It's gonna be okay,\" I said to Jeanette. Then, I did something I never thought I would do. I gave her a hug. \"Everything is going to be alright.\"[Chapter 9] The next day, we trained. Lily, Jeanette and I did a bunch of exercises and it was very hard because I was extremely out of shape. By lunch time, I felt like my body was about to fall apart. \"Break time!\" Tink called. The boys, Tink, Lily, Jeanette and I all sat at the very edge of the cliff that looks over the mermaid's cove. We talked and looked into the distance. It was a beautiful view. \"How can you just forget being in Neverland?\" Latchboy asked. \"I don't think it's possible to forget.\" \"I know,\" I said. \"I still don't think my dad is Peter Pan, though. I know I'd remember a place like this.\" \"Well, it's possible, I mean, Lily used to be a Lost Girl. She was here for years and she forget everything,\" Don't Ask replied. \"Um, I wasn't a Lost Girl,\" Lily said. \"Lily, how far back can you remember?\" Tink asked. \"I remember being adopted by my parents and living next door to Jack and Maggie.\" \"That was when we were thirteen,\" I said. \"What about your childhood? What can you remember about that?\" Tink asked. \"I don't really remember anything about that,\" she said. \"Well, I can't blame you. Neverland makes you forget the Mainland, but the Mainland makes you forget Neverland. Growing up is a scary thing,\" she said. \"Wait, Tink, what did you just say?\" I asked. \"Neverland makes you forget-\" Jack! You listen to me. Neverland makes you forget. Never forget mommy and daddy! \"My dream!\" I said. \"What about it, Maggie?\" Tink asked. I told them all about my dreams. Tink smiled. \"Why are you smiling? That's not good! That's scary!\" I said. \"Maggie, those aren't dreams. Those are memories,\" she said. That night, I couldn't sleep. I was too busy thinking about my dreams. They were memories. They actually happened. Jack and I were kidnapped by Captain James Hook. This also means that my dad is Peter Pan. How? I just didn't understand. \"Maggie, do you think I was a Lost Girl?\" Lily asked. \"Yes,\" I answered, remembering the look on her dirty, thirteen-year-old face in my memory. \"You were supposed to say no and make me feel sane,\" she said. \"Well, I do remember seeing you after the crocodile fell on Hook. You ran into the woods,\" I said. \"That could have been anyone.\" \"She wasn't a pirate prostitute because she didn't look like one. She wasn't a fairy because she didn't have wings. She wasn't a mermaid because she didn't have a tail, and she looked just like you. Not anyone looks exactly like you,\" I said. \"Maggie, you are really creeping me out,\" she said. We were still for a few minutes. I heard some noises in the woods, but I thought it was just some animals or something. That's when I felt a searing pain in my right arm. Before I knew it, everything went black. When I woke later, it was morning. I felt a sharp pain in my arm again. It was wrapped in something, but it still hurt. I noticed that I was in the same room of the same ship I had been in before. Oh joy. \"Maggie. We meet again,\" Smee said. \"Hey, can I go home now?\" I asked. That was a dumb question. I was a bit light-headed from the pain. \"I don't think so,\" he replied. \"At least, not until your father gets here.\" \"Wait, where's Jack?\" I asked. \"I think he's supposed to get married today.\" \"I thought it would be best to keep you two separated for a while,\" he said. \"Why?\" I asked. \"Well, with his brain and your attitude, you two could break out of here in a minute,\" he replied. It was true. \"What the hell did you do to my arm?\" I asked. \"Just a reminder of what could happen if you try to break out again,\" he said. \"Now, I'm going to go talk to Jack for a few minutes. When I come back, you two will have five supervised minutes together. No mischievous plans.\" He left and I started looking around to room. I saw a small pool that looked like a miniature model of the island. The room was pretty big. Then, I saw it. A huge portrait of a man with long, black hair and piercing brown eyes. He was dressed like a pirate. Suddenly, an image popped into my head of the same man right next to me, talking to me. Maggie, before you were born, they were happier. They were free. Captain Hook. Neverland. I remembered. I remembered my dad flying around in his green tights and sword fighting a pirate to save me. I remembered feeling alone when Jack decided to be a pirate. The stars are all my friends 'til the nighttime ends, so I know I'm not alone when I'm here, on my own. Isn't that a wonder when you're alone, you're not alone. Not really alone. Suddenly, it dawned on me. Hook was dead! I was extremely happy, but my happiness was suddenly interrupted by the fact that we were pulled back to Neverland a second time. I was filled with nothing but deep hatred for Smee. Suddenly, the door opened. \"You!\" I exclaimed as Smee walked through the door, Jack following him. \"Maggie!\" He said. He hugged me. \"Is Jeanette okay?\" I nodded, still too angry to talk. \"What happened to your arm?\" I pointed to Smee. \"He did it. He did all of this. He cut my arm! He brought us back! HE GAVE ME AN F!\" A/N: I hope you like this chapter! I loved writing it, especially the end. Haha. The next few chapters are gonna be filled with a lot of remembering, so get ready! Also, I am trying to encourage people in this fandom to write more fan fics for it, so do that. I read them all, I swear. I have nothing better to do. XD Anyway, the next few chapters will be posted sometime this weekend (and if you're interested, I may be coming out with a whole new fan fic for the Hook fandom, so stay tuned for that, too!) I really appreciate all of the people reading! The next chapter is awesome and I can't wait for you guys to read it. *Darth Vader voice* The feels are strong with this one.[Chapter 10] Lily's POV \"I'm supposed to be getting married TODAY,\" Jeanette complained. I sighed. \"I don't think that's going to happen,\" I said. She glared at me. \"I know that's not going to happen, which is why I'm upset about it.\" \"What's getting married?\" Too Small asked. \"It's when two people love each other and make it more permanent,\" Tink said. Too Small thought about this for a moment. \"Did Peter get married?\" he asked. Tink nodded. \"To a girl?\" she nodded again. \"You know that. Remember? I told you. He married Wendy's granddaughter,\" she jogged his little, six-year-old memory. He frowned. \"So, he left us for a girl?\" he asked. Tink reluctantly nodded again. \"He left for Jack and Maggie, too. They're his kids. He did the right thing.\" \"Speaking of, where is Maggie? I haven't seen her since last night,\" I said. Tink's eyes widened. She flew off at the speed of light. \"Great. Leave us to babysit,\" Jeanette complained. \"Lily,\" Latchboy said, walking up to me. \"Why don't you remember us?\" \"Should I?\" I asked. \"Yes. You were a Lost Girl,\" he replied. I shook my head. \"Not this again. Look, boys, I would have loved to have been a Lost Girl, but I wasn't. You must be thinking of someone else,\" I said. \"No, it was you,\" he said. \"I remember.\" \"Well, then, someone explain to me how everyone else remembers but I don't!\" I said. They all looked at me sadly for a moment. \"Because you left,\" Don't Ask said finally. \"Why would I leave an amazing place like this? No worries. No struggles. Nothing to be afraid of, except the pirates, of course. I never would have left, though.\" \"Liliana-\" Ace started. \"Lily,\" I corrected. \"-come with me.\" I started walking with Ace. He looked around eleven or twelve, but I knew he could have been in Neverland for a while. She had adorable blonde hair, which he covered with a top hat. He also had gleaming blue eyes. He did look a bit familiar, but I couldn't put my finger on it. Where do I know this kid from? We started walking through the woods and we were quiet. Finally, we got to a big tree and he stopped walking and started talking. \"I'm not supposed to show this to anyone or even go in here,\" he said. \"Don't tell Tink. Promise?\" I nodded, unsure what he was going to show me. \"Cross your heart?\" \"Cross my heart,\" I said, making an X over my chest. He smiled. \"We used to do that all the time,\" he said, moving some vines aside. There was a circle with names in it. He hit a little button in the circle and a trap door opened. He motioned for me to follow him and then disappeared into a hole. \"Ace!\" I said, worried. I got closer and looked into the hole he'd just disappeared down. Should I? No. Lily, don't you dare. Walk away. I turned and started walking, but I felt this odd surge of energy. I whipped back around and jumped straight into the opening in the ground. What are you doing? I thought. Oh well. Too late now. \"You used to love being in here. We used to hide in here when we were scared of the pirates. We'd sit in here all day and just talk. Remember?\" he asked. I looked around. \"Where are we?\" I asked. \"This is Wendy's house. Tootles and Nibs built it for her,\" he replied. I looked around. \"Doesn't look very homely,\" I said. \"Well, Hook burned it after Peter left. It's not much, but we still used to love it here,\" he said. \"You would sit over there,\" he motioned toward a rocking chair in the corner, \"that was Wendy's. And I would sit over here,\" he pointed to a litte bed. \"That was Peter's. And what was it you used to hold all the time? Oh, yeah! The bear! Peter's special bear.\" he went looking for something. \"Here it is.\" He gave me a small, raggy old teddy bear. I looked in it's worn out eyes and suddenly, I felt a change in me. Something I hadn't felt forever. I felt free. Before I looked down at the bear, I saw an unfamiliar room filled with unfamiliar objects. When I looked up from the bear, I saw the house. Wendy's house. I would take some of the boys there when the treehouses weren't entirely safe. We would share stories about Peter and home and our mothers. We'd play cards and have fun (as always). I looked at the rocking chair and remembered Wendy sitting in it as a thirteen-year-old, telling stories. I looked at the bed and saw twelve-year-old Peter, falling asleep to Wendy's lovely story. Peter! I remembered him coming back as an adult in search of his kids, Jack and Maggie. I remembered them as little twelve- and seven-year-olds. I remembered the excitement when he became Pan again. I remembered Rufio. I remembered loosening the pillars that held up the crocodile so they'd fall over later. I gasped. The crocodile fell on Hook because I loosened the pillars. I killed him! I remembered seeing little Maggie holding Jack's hand, and looking at me with her big, blue, curious eyes. I remembered putting my fingers to my lips, signaling her to keep quiet, and running away, into the woods. I also remembered the day I left Neverland. \"Leave if you want! I'm staying!\" He yelled. \"Come with me. It will be great for both of us, I promise,\" I said. \"No way! You can't make me leave,\" he said. The memory was still foggy, so I couldn't really see who I was arguing with. \"Fine! I'll go without you then!\" I said. I started walking away. \"I'm serious.\" \"You won't do it,\" he said, sounding very sure of this. \"Watch me.\" As I was walking away, towards the woods, I looked back at him one more time. He stood, arms crossed, watching me go. I felt a great loss as I realized he was serious. He really wasn't coming. I wanted to scream and cry. I couldn't lose him. But I was serious, too. I turned my back and ran far away and didn't stop until I couldn't even see through the tears in my eyes. I gasped as my memory was refreshed. This memory meant a lot. \"You...\" I said to Ace. He nodded. \"I'm your brother.\" \"But...\" I couldn't speak. \"How could I forget my own brother?\" \"It's the Mainland. It does freaky things to your mind. And your body. Did you get taller?\" He asked. I laughed. \"I think so,\" I replied, looking down at my legs, which had grown a lot since the last time I'd been here. \"So... I did it?\" He nodded. \"You did it. You killed him. You're a hero,\" he said. \"We never forgot you.\" \"Well, now you're just making me feel bad,\" I joked. We laughed, then there was a silence. \"Why'd you leave?\" he asked finally. \"I don't know,\" I whispered. \"I think I wanted a normal life...for both of us. I wanted to go to school and meet other girls and I wanted you to play sports and be safe. But you didn't come.\" \"I didn't want to leave. I didn't want to grow up. I didn't want to be like Peter or Maggie or...\" his voice trailed off. \"Me?\" I asked. He nodded. \"Can you...Will you...stay?\" he asked. \"I don't know,\" I replied. \"I just got back. I don't want to leave you again, but I have a life there now. I have things to do and-\" \"Stop.\" He said. I stopped talking. \"Don't say stuff like that. You're sounding...grown up. It's scary.\" \"Sorry,\" I said. \"I'll think about staying.\" He smiled. \"We should go,\" he said, grabbing my hand and started running, me following closely behind. \"Ace! Slow down before you-\" I stopped. I'm a Lost Girl. \"Ace! Run faster!\"[Chapter 11] Maggie's POV \"I'm really sorry your wedding isn't happening today,\" I told Jack. \"It's fine. There's no way we're going to make it, anyway...I think. I have no idea what time it is here,\" he said. \"There is no time here,\" Smee replied. We were being monitored, of course. \"How is that possible?\" Jack asked, fascinated. \"Jack, we were kidnapped. This isn't a field trip. Stop trying to learn things,\" I joked. He smiled. \"So, when you met Jeanette, you were at Walmart?\" I laughed. We were still catching up. \"Yeah. It was hilarious,\" he laughed. I laughed, too. For the first time in about five years, I felt like I was having fun with my brother. Weird, right? \"How romantic. God, you buy shirts from Target now? What happened to you? Where's my perfect, baseball-playing big brother?\" I asked. \"He grew up,\" Jack said. We were quiet for a minute. He grew up. \"That's the most depressing thing I've ever heard you say...\" I joked, though it was true. \"Well, everyone has to do it,\" he said. \"Not everyone,\" I whispered, thinking of the Lost Boys. Thankfully, Jack didn't hear this. \"What do you think our parents are doing right about now?\" he mused. \"Well, dad is probably doing work, duh. Mom is probably freaking out because we aren't there,\" I said. \"Yeah. She wanted everything to be perfect for this wedding. That's why she wanted you to come so bad,\" he said. \"You knew about that?\" I asked. \"I knew you probably wouldn't come because I thought you were too worried about your perfect life to see me. But I did listen to a few of mom's phone calls with you,\" he replied. \"What?\" I asked. \"Well, she leaves her bedroom door open, so it's kinda easy to just-\" \"No, I mean...you think my life is perfect?\" I asked. I was shocked. \"Well, yeah. You live in New York, free of our parents. You can do anything you want...\" he said. \"Jack, I'm a cashier at Macy's. I don't have the money to do anything I want,\" I laughed. \"Anyway, I thought you were perfect, with your amazing job and lovely fiance.\" He blushed. \"Well, I wouldn't call her lovely all the time, but we have our moments and I love her,\" he said. Wow. So he thought I was perfect. Funny how things work out sometimes. Lily's POV \"Liliana's back!\" the boys yelled. I smiled as they raced around excitedly. I found materials in the woods and quickly made an outfit the same way I used to. I pulled my hair back in a ponytail. \"There she is,\" Ace said from behind me. \"Who?\" I asked, turning to face him. \"The Lost Girl I've been missing for so many years,\" he said. I smiled. I definitely wasn't the same girl I was before, but it felt like I was. We met all the Lost Boys in the middle of camp, where I now remembered seeing Peter for the first time when he came back, wrapped in vines and leaves. The boys smiled at me. \"Do you really remember?\" Too Small asked. I nodded. \"I do remember,\" I said, kneeling down so I was face to face with him. \"Everything.\" He smiled. \"Then you'll remember when I used to do this!\" he said, pretending to take my nose and running off with it. \"Hey! Come back here with that!\" I yelled, running after him, laughing. I was playing again. The other boys followed us. We chased Too Small for a while until I finally caught him (fast little guy!) and I started tickling him. He laughed really loud. I remembered that he was very ticklish. \"Okay, okay!\" he laughed. \"You can have your nose back.\" I stopping tickling him and he pretended to place my nose back on my face. Then he started walking away. \"Excuse me, sir! Where are you going?\" I asked. He turned back and I tapped my nose. He giggled. \"I was hoping you wouldn't remember that part,\" He walked back over to me and quickly kissed my nose. \"Awww,\" Jeanette said. I turned and saw her standing beside us. \"What do you want?\" I asked. \"Tink told me to meet you guys,\" she said. \"Why?\" I asked. \"Everyone!\" Tink said, flying up to us. \"Maggie is with Jack on the ship. She was kidnapped by Smee last night. We have to get them back and defeat Smee!\" She saw me and gasped. \"You...you're a Lost Girl.\" I nodded. She smiled. \"Well, we missed you.\" I briefly smiled. \"So, what are we gonna do to get Peter back here?\" I asked. \"What?\" Tink asked. \"Peter...We need him, right?\" I asked. \"Well, yes, but we may have to do this alone,\" she said. \"Peter is older now. He might not be able to-\" \"No! We need him! Tink, we could all die. I want him to be here. Smee wants Peter, so get him,\" I said. Jeanette's eye widened. She'd never heard me speak with so much rebellious sass before. Meanwhile, Tink's eyes narrowed. \"Lily-\" \"Liliana,\" I corrected her. My Lost Girl name. \"-I don't know why you think you can call the shots all of a sudden, but I've lead this group for decades. Leave all of the hard decisions to me,\" she said. \"Tink, I don't wanna fight with you, but come on. We both know it would be better if he were here.\" \"He's NOT coming back and that's FINAL!\" she yelled. The boys looked surprised. Tink doesn't usually yell. She flew off in an annoyed huff, leaving us to wonder why she didn't want him to come back. Later that night, Tink still hadn't come back, and the boys were afraid to sleep alone. They wanted to be altogether in case the pirates attacked us. After all of the boys were asleep Jeanette and I sat on the ground, talking (surprisingly). I sat next to Ace, who was fast asleep. \"You know, I may have a bad attitude about this, but I just want Jack back. I like him, ya know?\" she asked. \"You obviously like him enough to marry him.\" \"Well, we aren't married yet. But I hope we will be soon,\" she smiled. \"Woah! I didn't know you could smile,\" I said. \"Shut up,\" she joked. She looked up at the sky. \"It does look really pretty here, actually,\" she said, looking up at the sky, where the four moons came perfectly into view. We were quiet for a few moments, looking at the sky. \"Tell me about them.\" \"What?\" I asked. \"Who?\" \"Peter. Jack and Maggie when they were here the last time,\" she said. \"Just tell me.\" \"Well, it's no big secret or anything. It's not even that important and-\" \"Please?\" she asked. \"Okay... Well, Jack almost stayed with Hook. Maggie, being the stubbornest person in the world, believed in Peter the whole time,\" I said. \"Why would Jack do such a thing? Betraying his father doesn't seem like a thing he'd do,\" she said. \"Well, he was mad at Peter at the time,\" I said. \"But after Jack watched Hook kill Rufio, Jack realized that he could overlook his anger, and remembered how much he loved his father. Neverland makes you forget. Sometimes it's for the better, other times, like in Jack's case, it's for the worse.\" \"He watched someone being killed?\" she gasped. \"Wow. That's big. He's lucky he doesn't have emotional problems.\" \"I can't handle it. Why did this have to happen?\" I gasped. She looked at me. \"Are you okay?\" She asked. \"Yeah, I'm fine. I was just...I remembered something...It doesn't matter right now, though,\" I said. I took a deep breath. \"Who was Rufio?\" She asked. \"He was...well, it's hard to describe him. He was everything and nothing all at the same time. He cared for the boys and me. Taught us. Protected us in any way he could. He was a real hero. Sad to think we are the only people who remember him. He was a great leader,\" I said. \"What about Hook? What was he like? Were you afraid of him?\" \"No way! He was just some drunk old pirate who had way too much power. I wasn't exactly afraid of him, but once he had Jack and Maggie, I was scared of what he would do to them.\" \"So...scared, but not afraid?\" she asked, genuinely trying to understand. \"Yeah. It probably doesn't make sense, but-\" \"No. It totally makes sense,\" she said. We were quiet. Scare, but not afraid. \"I guess that's how I feel about Jack right now. I'm not exactly scared of Smee. I didn't even get to meet him. But I'm afraid of what he'll do to Jack and Maggie.\" \" And Maggie?\" I asked, surprised. \"I thought you didn't like her.\" \"Well, maybe sometimes she acts childish and intolerable, but she's gonna be my sister. I think we can learn to get along. I know she's a good person. Jack talks about her all the time, how he misses being so close to her. How she used to love acting when they were younger, and how he admires her for going to New York and following her dreams.\" I had no idea Jack thought of Maggie so much. \"That's another thing. When Jack loves, he loves a lot. With all his heart. It's quite...beautiful, actually.\" She smiled again. \"I know,\" I smiled to myself. \"What?\" she asked. \"We used to go out. But it's totally over now, so...\" \"Oh,\" she said. We were quiet for a moment. \"That's cool,\" she finally said. \"What? You're not mad?\" \"No. I think it's good to talk to someone who knows what I mean. You know, you aren't so bad, Liliana,\" she said. \"Liliana,\" I heard a voice from behind me. I turned and saw Too Small walking up behind me, rubbing his sleepy little eyes. \"I had a bad dream.\" \"Aww. Come here,\" I said. He walked over and sat with us. \"What are you girls talking about?\" he asked. \"Stuff,\" I said. \"Jack and Maggie. The pirates.\" \"You're really lucky, you know that?\" Jeanette suddenly said. \"Why is that?\" he asked. \"You get to stay here. Forever. Look at how beautiful this is. I've been trying not to get used to it because I know I'll have to go back when this is over,\" she said. \"To tell you the truth, I honestly don't think you can ever get used to something as amazing as Neverland,\" he said. \"I've been here many more years than I can count, and I still haven't gotten used to it.\" \"Do you remember anything? You're family? Friends?\" she asked. He thought for a moment. \"No. I wanted to forget. Every once in a while, though, I try to remember and I can't. That's what Neverland does. Stay here long enough, and eventually you'll forget about everything before you came here,\" he told her. \"Seems scary,\" she said. \"Forgetting everything and everyone… being here all alone forever.\" \"Well, that's why we have each other,\" he said. He walked over to her and hugged her. \"So we aren't alone.\" She hugged him back. \"Ya know, you aren't so bad, kid,\" she said. \"But don't tell anyone I said that.\" He laughed. They pulled apart. \"It's okay. I know you like me. I'm a total catch,\" he joked, winking at her. She laughed, winking back. \"Maybe…\" she said, as if trying to figure something out. \"Maybe I've been looking at the all wrong. Maybe this is a good thing.\" I nodded. \"When you open up to Neverland, Neverland opens up to you,\" I said. She closed her eyes, taking a deep breath and forgetting reality and the Mainland. When she opened her eyes again, she was looking at Neverland through the eyes of a kid. No worries or stress. She wasn't thinking, 'This is impossible.' She was just...there. In the moment. So cliché. \"It really is beautiful,\" she said. I decided to check the forest for pirates before I went to sleep, and when I came back, Jeanette and Too Small were curled up next to each other, fast asleep. I smiled, knowing that the next day, she'd see Neverland in a whole new light. Maybe even like it a bit. Welcome to Neverland, Jeanette.[Chapter 12] Lily's POV \"Boys! Wake up!\" I heard Tink trying to coax the boys awake. I sat up and rubbed my eyes. \"What's up, Tink?\" I asked. \"Smee is throwing a party tonight and we have to be there,\" she replied. \"But I can't get the boys awake. Can you help?\" she asked. I smiled. \"Alright, boys! We're gonna play a game!\" I said. They woke up quickly when I said this. \"What game?\" Too Small asked. \"Spy on the Pirates!\" I said. \"Like we did with Peter at Jack's baseball game?\" Ace asked. I nodded. They crowed and clapped. They loved that game. \"We're going to a party tonight, but only a few of us can go so it doesn't seem to suspicious,\" I said. \"Alright! I want Ace, Don't Ask, Thud and Liliana to go tonight,\" Tink said. \"Why me?\" I asked. She shrugged. \"A Welcome Home game,\" she said. I smiled. \"Why is he having a party?\" I asked Tink later when we were getting dressed in our disguises. \"To make Jack and Maggie feel at home with him. He thinks if they like him enough, they'll stay, like Jack almost did,\" she replied. \"Ohhh, so that's why Hook held that baseball game for him?\" I asked. She nodded. When we were all ready, she smiled. \"You look just like real pirates!\" she said. I'd been dressed like a pirate prostitute, and, of course, I hated every second of it. The wig was itchy, there was too much makeup on my face, and the dress was making me hot. The boys, though, looked quite dapper. Well, as dapper as you can get for a pirate. I was excited to see Maggie and make sure she was alright. Maggie's POV I was NOT alright. I hated the idea of having a party. It was just Smee's sick, twisted way of getting us to forget about our parents. I was also scared because I knew that if we were in Neverland long enough, we eventually would forget about Mom and Dad. I would've told Jack this (he was the only one that understood), but our visits were still monitored and I didn't want Smee to know that I was scared. That would only give him more power over me, which was the last thing I wanted. I only hoped the Lost Boys had some elaborate plan to free us so we could go home. I was starting to get really homesick. At the party, Jack and I were surrounded by a group of pirates at all times to make sure we didn't escape, so it wasn't really a party, more of a gathering with music and food and stuff. Had I not been kidnapped, I actually might have enjoyed it. \"This reminds me of your baseball game,\" I told Jack. \"What baseball game?\" he asked. \"The one that Hook thru for you. The only game I wasn't invited to,\" I said, remembering that day vividly. \"What do you mean? Maggie, what are you talking about?\" he asked. He doesn't remember. \"You mean-\" \"Psst! Jack! Maggie!\" I heard a voice behind me. I looked back, but only saw the pirates guarding us. I turned back to Jack, but heard the same voice again. \"Over here!\" I looked back again and we walked over to the pirates calling us. \"It's us!\" \"What? Lily? How'd you get in here?\" I asked. \"Liliana,\" she corrected me. \"And we just kinda snuck past. Follow us,\" she said. We followed and the other guards didn't question, believing the Lost Boys' disguises. When we got to the woods, they took off their ridiculous disguises to reveal their Lost Boy outfits. Liliana looked cool as a Lost Girl. \"Is our dad here?\" I asked. I knew I'd forget soon and I wanted a piece of home (him) here. Liliana shook her head. \"Sorry. Tink insisted we leave him alone,\" she said. I nodded. Jack wrapped his arm around me in an awkward (but nice) side hug. It was getting late and we had to get the boys back to camp soon. We started walking up the hill. \"So, you mean you really don't remember?\" I asked Jack. \"No...Should I?\" he asked. \"Yes! The same thing happened before when we were kids! The guy with the Hook did it!\" I said, aware of how crazy I sounded right now. \"Maggie, I think you just imagined it. You read a lot of fairy tales when you were little, not to mention Granny Wendy filling your head with those Peter Pan stories all the time,\" he said. \"But they weren't stories! They actually happened!\" I said. \"I think you're just tired, Maggie. When we get to camp, you can go to sleep, okay?\" he said. I stayed quiet, annoyed. When we got back, all of the boys were sleeping in the middle of camp, huddled up together, Jeanette sleeping right next to Too Small. I smiled. She's finally warming up to this place. Since I was mad at Jack right now, I went straight to bed. Liliana's POV When we got back to camp, I went to the underground kitchen and hid my bag of food that I stole from the party. We'd eat some of it the next day. When I got back to where everyone was asleep, Maggie had gone to her hut. I felt bad that she was alone. \"She's not crazy, you know,\" I told Jack. He shook his head. \"This shouldn't be real,\" he said. \"But it is and the best thing you can do is help her,\" I said. \"Jack, do not leave her alone again.\" \"What do you mean 'again?' Why does everyone keep saying again? If this happened before-\" \"Yeah, yeah, I know, if it happened before, you'd remember it. That's how I felt. You never realize how easy it is to forget,\" I said. \"I was a Lost Girl.\" \"That's crazy. It's impossible,\" he said. \"You have to forget possibility. It happened. I'm right here in front of you, Jack. It's real.\" Now, he looked nervous. \"Are you scared?\" \"My dad is Peter Pan,\" he said. I nodded. \"But you said you're leaving him alone.\" I nodded again. \"How!? We need him! You can't just send us back home! Smee will only kidnap us again!\" \"Well, then. There's only one way to do it,\" I said. \"We have to this it by ourselves.\" ","Summary":" Maggie's POV \"Whenever children read, it will say, 'Thus perished Peter Pan,\" the evil man said, "},{"Movie":"Hook","Title":"Behind the Scenes","Author":"StoryWriterGirl101","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11128453","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: This story is NOT a fanfiction of the actual movie, it's an OC of the MAKING of the movie, but it takes place in 2014 (just because I have no idea how things worked in the 90's) but everything else is completely accurate... in my mind. XD PS: Just so you know, all of the pictures used are headshots of Callie. Callie's POV \"Wow,\" was all I could say the whole car ride here. It was my first day in LA for the movie, Hook . I was a child actor and this was the first movie I would be in. I was so excited. For my first movie, it was a pretty good one. I would get to meet Steven Spielberg, Robin Williams, Dustin Hoffman, Julia Roberts and Bob Hoskins. I would also get to meet Charlie Korsmo, who I thought was a total 'cutie' at the time (to use my own words). Anyway, I had just arrived at my hotel in Los Angeles. \"Cal, come with me,\" mom said. She hopped out of the car and walked up to the hotel. I thanked the man who drove us from the airport and followed my mom. Some other guys took our bags out of the car and brought them up to our room. I followed mom to the check in desk, where she stood, talking to the guy at the desk for a good fifteen minutes before we walked away to the elevator. Our room was really high up (necessary security standards, mom said) and when we got there, I said, 'Wow,' again. The view was amazing. The room was huge, more of a suite. \"Have you forgotten how to say anything except 'Wow?'\" she asked. I nodded. \"Well, you'd better fix that before shooting starts next week, or else Steven will have to cast a new Hartlyn Banning.\" I laughed. That was my character, and I loved everything about her. She had sass, spunk, and an awesome name. How cool is 'Hartlyn?' Remind me to thank Steven and the writers for that later. Mom had her own room with her own bathroom. Our bedrooms were connected by a door. We each got a TV, a mini-fridge, and a balcony. I sat on my balcony for a few minutes, overlooking the beautiful beach right across from my room in the middle of the day, sun shining down on the already-tan bodies of the Californians who froliced in the sand, a warm breeze hitting my face every few moments. \"I can't believe we get to stay here for a whole year,\" I said. \"I can't believe it, either,\" Mom said, walking outside with me. \"What are you most excited about?\" \"I don't know. There's so much to be excited about! The whole thing is so overwhelming.\" I had to stop and take a deep breathe. I pinched myself (something I'd been doing a lot today) just to make sure I wasn't dreaming. \"I guess I'm most excited about this movie. It's got a great script, a great storyline, and me!\" Mom laughed at this. \"You are a great actress,\" she said. I smiled and blushed. \"What are you most excited about?\" I asked her. \"Being a stage mom,\" she said, sarcastically. I laughed. \"I guess I'm most excited to see you be happy, and to see you on the big screen,\" she said. \"Oh! And I'm excited to meet Robin Williams!\" I laughed again. \"Mom, you know he's married, right?\" I asked. \"Oh, I know, but a girl can dream,\" she said. I laughed again. Mom had had a crush on Robin for as long as I could remember. I almost gasped at my own thought. Robin. I no longer thought of him as 'Robin Williams,' just Robin. We weren't strangers, we were castmates. Well, I hadn't even met him yet. When our luggage got to the room, mom helped me unpack some of my stuff before she got a phone call. When she came back into the room, I was on the edge of my seat. When she answered the phone, she used the voice she only uses when talking to Steven (I did it again! Not Steven Spielberg, just Steven. Casual. Calm. Cool. AHHH!), you know. The mom voice. Everyone's mom has it. The voice your mom use when she's talking to a stranger. The fake voice. You know what I'm talking about, right? \"Who was that?\" I asked, knowing the answer. \"Steven Spielberg,\" she said. \"Mom, you can just call him Steven.\" \"Okay. Steven. Wow, that's fun!\" \"I know, right!\" I said, and we both had a small feeling of 'Wow, we're so cool.' She cleared her throat. \"He wanted to know if you memorized your lines of not, and I told him we did, most of them, anyway.\" \"This early? We just got here and shooting doesn't start til next week. He knows I only need a few days to memorize my lines, not a whole week.\" \"There are going to be a lot of kids in this movie, honey. He just wants to make sure he doesn't have any issues with lines.\" she said. I sighed. \"Anyway, he said it's great that you know most of them, and he said to keep practicing and memorize as much as you can. A lot of the cast still isn't here yet, but when people start to get here, he said it would be a great idea to practice with them.\" \"That seems like a fun idea,\" I decided. She smiled. \"He said there is no date to be off book by, just as long as you don't have to bring your script to shooting,\" she said. ( A/N: I will be using actor terms in here, but I'll define them for you. The 'book' in 'Off Book' is the script. When you are off book, you don't need the script. The director might set a date for you to be 'off book' by, and by that date, you have to have your lines memorized ). \"Also, he wanted to organize a staff and cast party sort-of-thing for the adults, like Robin and Dustin and everyone so that we could get together before shooting and he asked if I'd like to be there. I said yes. It's tomorrow night,\" she said. I smiled. I was glad mom could have as many fun opportunities as me. \"When will I get to meet the cast?\" I asked. \"I dunno. Maybe we can walk around the hotel and see if we spot anyone,\" she said, joking. \"No way! That's creepy! Even if we do see someone, we can't just go up to them and be like, 'Oh, hey, I'm gonna be in the movie with you! Let's hug!'\" I said. She laughed. \"Well, you don't have to hug them,\" she said, going to her room and unpacking her things. \"So where are we shooting first?\" I called through the door to her room. \"Well, we're only staying in LA to shoot two scenes, the rest are going to be shot in the studios in Culver. I think we're going to shoot the baseball game first,\" she said. \"Then, the play scene at a high school and then we'll be moved to a new hotel in Culver.\" \"Oh, cool,\" I said, slightly disappointed that we wouldn't get to stay in LA. \"So, anyway, I was thinking, since we only get a week and a half in LA, we should have as much fun as we can. Wanna go out to dinner tonight?\" she asked. I nodded, then remembered she couldn't see me. \"Yeah! Can we go swimming, too?\" I asked. \"You read my mind,\" she said, walking into my room with her bathing suit on. I laughed again (so full of laughs today) and rushed to put my bikini on. I got a towel, sunglasses, my phone, my script (practice makes perfect), and some sunscreen and put it all in a beach bag, (even though we were going to the pool). When we got to the pool, the first thing I saw was a little girl (about six or seven) jumping around as her mom put spray-on sunscreen on her. \"It's cold!\" the girl complained. \"Now, only five minutes in the pool, and then you have to get out and-\" the mom said when she was done putting the sunscreen on her. \"I knooooow!\" the girl interrupted, running and jumping in the pool. He mom sighed, when she saw us, she raised her eyebrows. She looked us up and down, as if she could tell we weren't from California. Was it really that obvious? \"Hello!\" Mom said, sitting next to the little girl's mother. I smiled and sat, too. \"Hi,\" the girl's mom said. \"I'm Jessica,\" my mom said. \"I'm Trinity,\" she said, shaking my mom's hand. \"That's my daughter, Amber.\" \"She's very cute,\" I said. Amber had long, honey-colored hair and blue eyes. \"Thanks you,\" Trinity said. \"What's your name?\" she asked me. \"I'm Cal-\" \"This is my daughter, Calista,\" my mom said. \"Moooom,\" I said. She knew I hated when she used my full name. I like Cal or Callie better. \"Wow, that's a very pretty name,\" Trinity said. I blushed. \"Thanks.\" \"Amber! Out of the pool, please,\" she called to her daugher. \"This is how I bribe her,\" she whispered to my mom. She mom's brows furrowed, but we suddenly understood what she meant when she pulled a (surprise, surprise) script out of her bag. Amber sighed loudly. \"If you practice this scene with me, you can go back in the pool,\" Trinity said. \"Fine,\" Amber said, annoyed. \"Daddy, lets go home. Please? He's just a mean old man without a mommy,\" she said. \"Yeah, dad, let's go. He can't hurt us anymore,\" Trinity read. \"Come on, dad, don't be as bad as him,\" I said. Amber and Trinity looked up at me. \"Sup, little sister.\" I said to Amber. She laughed, then she looked me up and down just like her mom did a few minutes ago. \"I like her,\" Amber decided. \"Well, good, because you're stuck with us for the next year,\" my mom said. Trinity laughed. \"Cool. Now we've acquainted 2/3 of the Banning kids! We just need one more and we'll be the three musketeers!\" I said. Amber gasped. \"I'm so excited about meeting Charlie. He's soooo cute,\" she said. I laughed. Seven year olds with crushes were always adorable. \"I know, right!\" \"He's going to play your brother,\" my mom said, slightly freaked out. \"Oh, I know, but a girl can dream,\" I mimicked what she said earlier. She laughed. \"Alrighty then,\" she replied. \"Why don't you girls go play in the pool for a while?\" Trinity asked. I looked at Amber, Amber looked at me, and we both bolted off to the pool as fast as we could. We jumped. \"CANNONBALL!\" We screamed and whoosh. The cold water hit me hard. I opened my eyes and saw Amber laughing underwater. It felt like we were already family.[Chapter 2] The next night, mom was feeling very hesitant to leave me in the hotel room by myself. \"Are you sure you don't want me to stay?\" she asked. \"Mom, don't be silly. Go have fun,\" I said. \"I just don't want anything bad to happen,\" she said. \"Like what? Are you worried I'm going to be kidnapped by Captain Hook?\" I asked. She laughed. \"Alright. Well, if you're sure you'll be okay,\" she said, leaning over my bed and giving me a kiss good-bye. \"I'll be back later.\" I smiled. \"Don't rush back,\" I said. \"I won't,\" she said, closing the hotel door (and locking it) behind her. I sat in my bed for a while before I decided to practice my lines. Just as I was about to start the first scene, I heard a knock at the door. I looked through the peephole, but didn't see anyone there. Probably just a prank or something. I thought. I walked away, but a few seconds later, I heard another knock. My mom had taught me not to open the door to strangers, so I stayed as quiet as I could. My heart was pounding. What if I really was about to be kidnapped? \"Callie? Are you in there?\" I heard a small voice from outside the door. I let out a loud breath. Amber. I opened the door. \"Amber! You scared me half to death. Where is your mom?\" I asked. \"Probably with your mom,\" she replied. Of course. Why didn't I think of that? \"She just left you alone?\" I asked. \"No...she left me w-\" \"Amber!\" I heard a voice behind her. \"I told you to stay put!\" \"Ahh!\" she screamed, running through my room and disappearing from view. A boy that looked like he was about ten came up to me with brown hair and brown eyes, but I was too busy paying attention to what Amber was doing to notice who he was. \"Amber? Where did you go?\" I called. She was gone. \"Hide and seek!\" I heard from my mom's room. I went in there to look for her, the boy following closely behind. \"Am I getting closer to you?\" I asked. \"Nope!\" I heard, this time from my room. \"How did she do that?\" I asked. \"I have no idea,\" the boy said, obviously exasperated. Wait a second. I turned and looked at him. My eyes widened. \"You...you're...you...\" \"Please don't scream,\" he said. I giggled. \"Sorry. Some people scream when they see me, especially when their eyes get all big like that. It's weird. It makes me feel like the grudge...or Will Ferrell...\" \"I wasn't going to scream,\" I said, although I wasn't sure that was true. \"Hi. I'm Charlie. I guess I'm your little brother,\" he said. \"I'm Callie,\" I said. \"AND I'M AMBER! COME LOOK FOR ME!\" She called. I smiled. Charlie sighed. \"She's a handful,\" he said. \"I've only been babysitting for ten minutes and I'm already exhausted.\" \"Babysitting? How old are you?\" I asked. \"Thirteen,\" he said. \"Same.\" I replied. \"Really?\" he asked. I nodded. \"How'd you get stuck babysitting?\" I asked. \"I have no idea. I just kinda got stuck with her. At first, it was fun, but then she got bored and now-\" we heard a bang from the other room. \"Come find me before I get bored again . Then we'll have to play hide and seek in the hotel LOBBY!\" she called. \"Crap!\" I muttered and ran in the other room to find her.[Chapter 3] \"Woah... How'd you do this?\" Charlie asked, coming back into the room with more food and drinks to keep Amber occupied. \"I put on a movie and she just kinda...shut up,\" I said. We were quiet for a few moments. \"You're from the east coast, aren't you?\" he asked. \"How'd you know?\" I asked. \"Lucky guess...and you're extremely pale,\" he said. I laughed. \"You're lucky, you know.\" \"Why is that?\" I asked \"People don't recognize you...yet...\" \"What do you mean?\" I asked. \"You can do whatever you want and go wherever you want without people seeing you and being like, 'Hey, isn't that the kid from What About Bob?' or 'Look, it's the kid from Dick Tracy!'\" he replied. \"So...you don't like attention?\" I asked. He shrugged. \"I LOVE attention! My mom says I am going to grow up and be the prettiest actress ever and I am going to have boyfriends,\" Amber said. I giggled. She stood up and started skipping in a circle and singing, \"Charlie is my boyfriend! Charlie is my boyfriend! Charlie loves me! Charlie is my boyfriend!\" Now, Charlie and I were both laughing. I thought it was cute that she had a crush on him, and he thought so, too. \"You know, my mommy made me watch one of the movies that you were in, but it was boring so I didn't like it. I only watched the parts that you were in. I liked that big explosion at the end. Boom!\" she said, mimicking the explosion, and throwing her arms up in the air. What about Bob. Bill Murray. A classic. \"Really?\" Charlie asked. She nodded. \"I can't wait to be in this movie so I can explode!\" \"Amber, you aren't going to explode,\" I said. \"Oh, I know, but a girl can dream,\" she said, still skipping in a circle. I rolled my eyes. Monkey see, monkey do. \"CALLIE!\" she screamed. \"WHAT?\" I screamed back. She laughed. \"I met one of the Lost Boys. His name is Thomas. He's six and he's cute,\" she replied. \"That's weird. I thought Steven was only casting nine year olds and up,\" I said. \"Yeah, but he said he went into Stevens office, banged his fist on the table and said, 'You want me in your movie!' and now he's here,\" she said. I laughed. Cute. I picked up my phone and noticed the time. \"Ten-thirty?!\" I said. \"Okay, children. Bed. Now!\" \"Excuse me, but I'm the boss here,\" Charlie said. Our eyes met. It's on. \"August 20th,\" I said. \" July 20th,\" he smirked. I pouted, defeated. He was a whole month older than me, therefore, he was the boss. \"Okay, children. Bed. Now!\" he said. \"My birthday is in October. I win! Okay, children. Bed. Now!\" Amber replied. We laughed. \"Amber, if you go back to my room, I'll give you extra ice cream before bed,\" Charlie said. She gasped and ran out my hotel door as fast as she could, but not before running into my mom, Trinity (who went chasing after Amber), and a tall woman with brown hair, who I assumed was Charlie's mother. \"Charles! I told you to stay in the room!\" his mom said. \"I know, but-\" \"He was having trouble looking after Amber, so he brought her here and we watched a movie,\" I said. \"Oh, well, that was really nice. Thank you, Calista,\" my mom said. \"Calista. That's a cool name,\" Charlie said. I blushed, annoyed that my mom had told people my full name, yet again, and even more annoyed now that Charlie knew it, but happy that he thought it was 'cool.' \"Thanks,\" I replied. He got up to leave with his mom, and he looked back at me. I shot him a joking look that said, 'You owe me!' and he smiled and nodded. Once they were gone (Trinity followed closely behind Mrs. Korsmo), mom shut the door and squealed. \"That fun, huh?\" I asked. \"That fun and more !\" she replied. \"Dustin was super nice, Steven was...Steven, and ROBIN! Don't even get me started on Robin,\" she said. \"I also met a lot of the kids' parents, like Debbie, Charlie's mom. Oh, and I met this woman, Amanda, whose son was on Cheers! You know that show. He got the part of a Lost Boy by banging a fist on Steven's desk. What was his name? Timmy? No...\" \"Thomas?\" I asked. She nodded. \"Yeah! Thomas. I saw a picture of him. He's really-\" \"Cute?\" I asked. \"Yeah. How'd you know?\" \"I've heard,\" I said. She gave me a confused look. \"Anyway, did you meet Julia?\" I asked. \"No, she wasn't there. Steven said she has a stalker, so security is really tight for her. The only people that are authorized to work with her are Robin and Steven at the moment,\" mom said. I frowned. I felt kinda bad for her. On Saturday (two days before filming began), all of the kids met at a restaurant near the hotel. Charlie and I stood off to the side and it was apparent that we were the only two socially awkward people there, as everyone else was talking and having a great time as if they'd known each other for years, rather than a few minutes. Charlie and I didn't even talk to each other and avoided eye contact whenever possible. Soon, a tall boy came up to us and tried to make an effort to get us to join everyone else. \"Hi! I'm Dante,\" he said. \"I'm Callista,\" I said, smiling. \"I'm Charlie,\" he said quietly. What happened to him? Just the other night, he was so much fun. Now he seemed different. Deflated. Maybe he just didn't like crowds or something. \"Cool. I heard you're Pan's kids. Sounds like a pretty sweet role,\" he said. \"I'm sure it will be,\" I said. I glanced over and saw Amber running over to us with a little boy chasing her. He had fuzzy hair and brown eyes. \"Callie!\" she said when she got to me, out of breath. \"This is Tommy.\" \"I'm Tommy,\" he said. \"Hi, Tommy,\" I said. \"I like your shoes,\" he said before tagging Amber and running off. This time, she went chasing him. Cute, I thought. Dante laughed. A few minutes later, Steven got a microphone and started talking. \"Hey. Is this thing on?\" he asked, joking. \"No!\" some little kid from the front joked back. We all quietly gathered around to hear what Steven had to say. \"As you all know, you are what we call the 'kiddie cast' of Hook,\" he started. This was followed by a bunch of cheering from the child audience. \"Now, shooting starts on Monday. Not everyone is going to be in the first few scenes, but we think it would be a good idea if anyone wanted to come and watch the scenes being filmed. You can stand behind the camera if you want. Just wanted to make sure you knew that.\" Dante seemed thrilled about this. Charlie stayed very quiet right now (obviously). I noted this, as some other kids were whispering or quietly laughing, but he didn't make a sound. \"Now, since we are going to have a lot of children on set at one time, we needed a way to keep you all in check. We expect your best behavior, but if you do start misbehaving on set, you will get a red card. If you get one, we take five dollars off your paycheck, per card,\" he continued. All the whispering stopped and everyone was quiet at the mention of a paycheck. Steven smiled, sensing this. \"Any questions?\" Many kids raised their hands (but not Charlie and I, of course). Steven answered any of the questions the kids had. He didn't seem like a mean director, but I knew that all directors got up-tight when filming began. After Steven had answered all of the questions, he stood in a corner and waited for our parents to come get us. Well, now I decided to be more social. I walked up to Amber, who had made friends with just about everyone in the course of the last half hour or so. \"Oh! Guys!\" she called. The boys all turned to look at her. \"This is my friend, Callie!\" \"Hi, Callie!\" they all said. I smiled. \"I'm Jasen,\" one boy said. \"I'm Raushan,\" another one said. \"And I'm Isaiah!\" said another, who seemed really hyped up. Amber laughed. \"Isaiah says he always has too much sugar when his mom isn't around,\" she told me. Then, Isaiah ran away. Thomas was standing there, too. \"Hi, Tom,\" I said. \"Hi, Callie,\" he mimicked. \"Wouldn't you rather be at home? Playing with toys?\" I asked, thinking that a six year old would hate show business. \"Nope. I kept bugging my parents to take me to an audition. I really wanna be here. What's your excuse?\" he asked. I laughed. For the first time that night, I was actually having fun. Weird, right? Hey everyone! Sorry I haven't updated in a while, but Hook came on this weekend and I had to write. Also, the last two chapters were just one long chapter, so I cut them in half. That's why you get two chapters at once. I'm working on the next chapter as you read this, so enjoy! I really like writing this story. It's different from any story I've ever done. PS: I stole the red card idea from the set of Harry Potter. :P[Chapter 4] Finally! After two of the longest days of my entire life, it was Monday. Filming day! My first day on any set...ever. I promised myself I wouldn't act weird and star-stricken, even though I knew I totally would. I was so excited about everything. We went to the baseball field, where I was showed to my trailer (I got a trailer! AHH!) and they gave me a costume, which consisted of a black long sleeved tee-shirt, jeans, and a hat that Caroline, Amber, Charlie (when he wasn't wearing a helmet), and I all had to wear for this scene. My makeup and hair ladies put on some mascara and lip gloss. My hair was pulled back into a ponytail. When we got out of our trailers, Charlie, Amber and I met at the bleachers. Amber looked cold (although we were in LA in the middle of summer) and Charlie was dressed like a real baseball player. I giggled. \"What?\" he asked. \"Nothing. You just look kinda dorky,\" I replied. He laughed, and so did Amber. \"Well, I feel kinda dorky,\" he said. \"Are you excited?\" \"Yup. Super excited!\" I said, squealing a little and then calming myself. \"I'm glad this scene is gonna be easy. We just have to cheer and stuff. I'm nervous about doing the scenes with lines,\" I said. \"You shouldn't be nervous. You practice more than I do,\" he said. \"How do you know?\" I asked. He blushed. Then, Steven called out, saving Charlie from having to answer. \"Hello, everyone! Welcome to Jack's baseball game! Uh...I mean, Jack's FIRST Baseball Game!\" he said. The crowd behind us laughed. Charlie went to stand with his 'team.' Amber and I stood next to Caroline, on the bleachers. \"Caroline! I got a new My Little Pony last night!\" Amber said. Caroline gasped. \"Really? Did you bring her? I'd love to see her,\" Caroline said. Amber nodded. \"I can show her to you later,\" she replied, then turned to me. \"Caroline loves my little pony,\" she said. \"I only like collecting the dolls,\" she said. I laughed. \"I don't have any My Little Pony dolls anymore,\" I said. \"I left them all at my dad's house.\" \"OOH! You can come to my hotel room and play with them sometime if you want!\" Amber said. \"Okay,\" I said. \"ACTION!\" Someone yelled. Amber and I started cheering. \"Jack! Jack! Jack!\" we cheered. It felt kinda weird. As soon as the camera was turned on, we went from one person to another. It was almost kind of relieving. This is pretty much how the rest of the scenes went. Amber did a great job with her line. \"Dad'll be here. He promised,\" she said, taking a huge bite out of her hotdog. That's another thing I'd learned about her. She loves hotdogs. After that scene was finished shooting, she practically inhaled her hotdog. A few takes later, they were done shooting the crowd and had moved on to the field and the players. \"Callie?\" Amber asked, really confused about something. \"Hmm?\" I asked. \"If Charlie is supposed to miss the ball, how to we know if he is a good player or not?\" she asked. I laughed. Out of all the things in the world she could be confused about, she chose this. \"I dunno. Maybe you should ask him later,\" I said. \"Well, what if he can't play?\" she asked. \"Then he doesn't need to act for this scene,\" I said. She giggled. We watched as he practiced missing the ball a few times. When they yelled action again, he missed the ball ever so gracefully and looked just about as upset about it as I felt when I found out that our first day of filming was over. I couldn't wait to film more scenes at the end of the week. Our next filming day was on Thursday. We'd film the play scene (again, another scene where I don't have any lines). Before we went back into our trailers, Charlie, Amber and I met up yet again. \"How'd I do?\" he asked. \"You lost the game,\" I said. He giggled. \"I don't really play baseball that much anymore,\" he said. \"I knew it!\" Amber said. \"Hey, kids!\" Robin said, walking up to us. Robin was there, watching, even though they weren't supposed to film his scene until later. \"Hi, Robin!\" Amber said, giving him a big hug. He hugged her back. \"Robin, are you going to yell at us? That's what my mommy said.\" \"I have to yell at you in the movie, but I won't yell at you in real life,\" he said. She smiled. \"I can yell, too! Wanna hear?\" she said. \"Sure!\" Robin said. Charlie and I exchanged glances, but didn't stick around to see what happened next. We had already heard Amber yell before and I still had nightmares. We went back in our trailers and I changed back into my normal clothes. I sat down with my tutor to get some schoolwork done. All performers under the age of 18 must have a tutor for at least three hours per day, and grades above a C in order to keep a child performer permit, which we need in order to work. My tutor's name is Cheryl. \"Just so you know, I don't do spoiled kids,\" she said as she walked into the room. \"Have fun with Amber,\" I said sarcastically. \"Amber isn't spoiled, she just has only-child syndrome,\" she said. I laughed. It was true. After I played school for a while, Cheryl gave me some workbooks to work on in my hotel room or even on set sometimes. She was really nice. \"I have to go tutor Charlie now, but if you have any questions about the schoolwork, your mom has my phone number, so don't hesitate to call me,\" she said. I nodded. As she was walking out of the room, I noticed a book poking out of her bag that said, 'Algebra II.' Wow. So Charlies' smart. Who knew? When Cheryl left, my mom emerged. She wasn't allowed around me during tutor time because I wasn't supposed to be distracted. \"How was it, movie star?\" she asked. \"It was great,\" I said, knowing that she stood behind the camera and watched the whole time. \"So...What do you think about Charlie?\" she asked, trying to sound casual, but I knew she was on the edge of her seat. \"Oh, we're going to get married, have twelve kids and live in a shoe,\" I said sarcastically. She smiled. \"Good thing you're in a movie, 'cause you're too over-dramatic for me to handle,\" she said. I laughed. \"But seriously, he's a nice kid,\" I said. \"Kinda standoffish at first, but once you get to know him, he's really nice.\" \"Mmhm,\" she said, clearly thinking I meant something else. \"Mooooom!\" \"Hey, I'm not implying anything,\" she said. I relaxed a bit, until she said, \"I'm just saying that you should start looking at shoes to live in.\"[Chapter 5] Thursday \"Callie! Wake up! You're going to be late to set!\" Mom shook me awake. Crap! I overslept! I couldn't be late on my second day of shooting! I'd gotten used to sleeping in late, and it didn't help that I'd been out late last night, watching the mermaid scene being shot. Stephanie, Shannon and Regina (the mermaids) were really nice and took pictures with me while they were in their mermaid costumes. It was super cool! We sent the pictures to my dad, but he still hasn't responded. Oh well. Now, I just grabbed my purse and ran out the door. I didn't worry about my PJ's. It didn't make a difference, as I'd only be changed later anyway. Mom and I jumped in the car that took us to set. Our chauffeur, Mark, drove really fast to set, which mom didn't like, but I really didn't want to be late. When we got there, Octavia, Lily and Uni (my costume/makeup/hair ladies) whisked me off. Instead of a trailer, I was taken to a large room (a dressing room for school plays in the high school we were filming at) where Amber, Caroline and I would all get ready together. Across the hall was another dressing room where Robin and Charlie were getting ready. When I arrived, Caroline greeted me and I noted a pink pony toy sitting in her lap. \"I hold the ponies when I'm nervous,\" she told me. \"Stress reliever.\" \"You shouldn't be nervous. You're fabulous!\" I said. She laughed and thanked me. Amber was sitting on the other side of the room, already in costume. Trinity tried to practice lines with her. \"Mom! I know, I know! We practiced last night! 'Boy, why are you crying? Blah blah blah!'\" Amber exclaimed. Trinity sighed and closed the script. I took my costume (a dark blue long-sleeved shirt, blue jeans and boots) from Octavia and changed. \"Alright, sweetie. Let's get your bow in your hair and you'll be ready,\" one of Amber's appearance crew told her. \"I want Callie to tie it!\" Amber exclaimed, taking the long, maroon ribbon and bringing it to where I was sitting. My hair was now being brushed, and blush was being added to my almost colorless face. I smiled and took the ribbon. She knelt down in front of my chair and I tied the ribbon in a bow around the half-up portion of her hair. She turned around and looked at me. \"Thank you,\" she said like a queen. I laughed. \"You look really cool in your costume,\" I told her. \"Just like Wendy.\" \"I think it's a bit too long,\" Trinity intervened. I could see another one of Amber's team members (presumably the costume director) roll her eyes. I tried not to laugh. So, Trinity is as much trouble as Amber is? Who knew? I thought. I pursed my lips as Lily applied some pink lip gloss that smelled like bananas. \"Goodness! It's like you just rolled out of bed!\" Uni exclaimed, still trying to tame my hair into a ponytail. \"I did,\" I mumbled. I heard Octavia snicker. \"I get to sleep on set!\" Amber said. \"No, you don't, sweetie!\" Trinity said. \"Well, it says when the play scene starts, I am laying in a bed! Same thing, mom!\" she said back. \"Amber, honey, please don't really fall asleep!\" Trinity said. Amber rolled her eyes. \"I'll do the best I can,\" she said, placing her left hand on her hip and examining the nails on her right hand. I giggled. She definitely has the personality to be a movie star! A few minutes later, we heard a knock at the door. When Lily opened it, she let in Steven, who told us it was time to go to the auditorium and shoot the scene. We got there before the rest of the extras and Amber and I played on the stage. She sat on the bed and told me it didn't feel soft. \"Of course not,\" I told her. \"It's not supposed to be a real bed. Just a prop.\" She sighed at this. She really wanted to sleep in this bed. I looked to the seats in the auditorium and saw Charlie, standing awkwardly, watching us. Amber saw this, too, and motioned him towards us. He climbed up, onto the stage. He was holding a baseball, of course. \"Sup?\" I asked. \"You look nice,\" he said. He was talking to Amber and I, but only looking at me. I smiled. \"You too,\" I replied. He wore a flannel shirt covered with a black sweater, beige pants and sneakers. \"Charlie!\" Amber exclaimed. \"My bed isn't real!\" she said, pointing to the bed on the stage and acting as if this were a ground breaking news discovery. I could tell he was about to laugh, but then he decided to play along. \"Really? What an outrage.\" \"I know, right!\" She said. \"Alright! We are gonna get started now!\" We heard Steven say through a microphone that led his voice throughout the large room. \"Audience, sit wherever, just please leave the designated seats open,\" he said, pointing to where Caroline, Robin, Charlie and I would sit. A bunch of people came in and sat down. Amber saw the plethora of people and suddenly got nervous. \"Amber!\" I stage whispered. She looked at me, her eyes huge with fear. \"Don't be nervous. It's not a real play. Just imagine them in their underwear,\" I told her. She looked back at the audience and started laughing at the image in her head. \"Charlie! Callie! I don't think you auditioned for the school play!\" Steven joked through the microphone, seeing us on stage. \"We didn't audition for the play because we were auditioning for a movie, sir,\" I said. Steven laughed. We got down from the stage, leaving Amber with the kid who would be Peter Pan in the play. We sat in our seats with Robin and Caroline. Robin handed Charlie a baseball glove that he was supposed to sit in his lap, along with the baseball. \"Too bad you couldn't be in the play. Don't movies just ruin everything?\" Robin joked. \"I know , right!\" I said, sarcastically. \"I wanted to be Peter Pan!\" Charlie said. We laughed. \"Everyone ready? Serious faces! Quiet!\" Steven yelled. (A/N: In show business, you don't really say, 'Lights, camera, action. Instead, you say…) \"Speed! Rolling! ACTION!\" We stopped laughing as the 'play' started. Someone played the piano and Peter Pan started crying. \"Boy, why are you crying?\" Amber asked. \"I was crying 'cuz I couldn't get my shadow to stick. Besides, I wasn't crying.\" In between takes, I messed with Charlie's hair. \"Haha! Now, you'll look stupid on camera!\" I joked. He jokingly acted as if his world were now crumbling to the ground. \"I am nothing without good hair!\" he exclaimed, desperately trying to fix it before the next take started. I could see my mom behind the cameras, watching. She gave me a thumbs up and I smiled and waved. \"Wow. You're lucky,\" Charlie said, still fixing his hair and seeing my mom. \"My dad stayed back home in Minneapolis with my brothers, and my mom doesn't usually come to set. She's in the dressing room right now. She says it makes her uncomfortable to watch me call other people my parents.\" \"But you're only acting,\" I said. He sighed. \"My mom is a complicated person,\" he said. \"Mommy! Why do we have to leave LA? I don't want to! I want to stay here forever!\" Amber whined back in the dressing room. \"Amber, sweetie, Culver isn't that far away from Los Angeles. Maybe we can come back and visit on one of the days you aren't shooting,\" Trinity told her. This mildly subsided Amber's attitude. \"Besides, Amber, the studio is in Culver. Don't you want to go to Neverland?\" I asked. \"Studio?\" she asked, changing into her normal clothes. \"Yeah! That's where Steven put the Neverland set!\" I said. Her eyes lit up like this was the most miraculous thing she'd ever heard. \"NEVERLAND IS IN CALIFORNIA!\" She yelled. \"Yay!\" Once I had gotten my miniscule amount of makeup off and had changed back into my PJ's, I followed mom to the car and we were driven back to the hotel room. \"Mom,\" I said. \"Hmm?\" she asked, checking her phone. \"Um… Is it gonna make you feel weird if I call Robin and Caroline my parents on camera?\" I asked. \"No. Not at all, sweetie. After all, you're only acting, right?\" she laughed it off. \"Yeah,\" I smiled. \"Just acting.\" As the car pulled up to the hotel, mom and I got out and raced each other to the elevator, something my mom and I always did for fun. I won this time because she was wearing heels. When we were in the elevator, it was my mom's turn to talk. \"Have you heard from your father since we got here?\" she asked. \"No,\" I said. It didn't really bother me that much. I was happy to be separated from him. But my mom, of course, wanted the opposite. She thought the least he could do was send me a text, which hadn't happened. I could see the anger in her face. I sighed. \"Mom, it's not really a big deal. I don't really care. I think if he tries to contact me, it could ruin this experience, so it's better this way.\" \"I'm sorry, sweetie,\" she said, seeing right through me. When we got back to the hotel room, we were greeted by Cheryl. \"Get dressed,\" Cheryl said. \"We're going on a field trip.\"[Chapter 6] I did as I was told, getting changed from my pajamas to a bikini (Cheryl's instructions). I also put a purple tank top and booty shorts on. While I was getting changed, mom (who knew where I was going) packed a small bag. I had no idea where this 'field trip' was going to take place, but I hoped it wasn't going to be boring. I gave mom a good-bye kiss and walked through the hotel with Cheryl. When we got outside, we went around the hotel, something I had never done before. This confused me, as the only thing behind the hotel was the...beach… \"We're going to the beach?\" I guessed, suddenly extremely excited. A smile played on Cheryl's face. \"Maybe…\" she said. When we got to the boardwalk, we met Charlie and Amber. \"I thought we weren't supposed to study together,\" I said. We were supposed to be alone with Cheryl during tutoring hours so we weren't distracted. \"Callie, lighten up! This isn't a tutor session.\" Cheryl said. Amber jumped up and down, but Charlie and I just stood there, more confused than ever. \"YAY! NO SCHOOL! NO SCHOOL! NO SCHOOL!\" Amber yelled. \"It's a good idea for you to have some fun with your family before we leave for Culver next week,\" she explained. Now Amber stopped jumping around and joined the confused bandwagon. \"But my mom is back in the hotel room,\" she said. \"Amber, I don't think she means our family , I think she means our family,\" I said, just as we approached the empty beach and saw none other than Caroline and Robin planted in the sand. Charlie sighed. \"I have homework to do,\" he said, turning back towards the hotel, but being stopped by Cheryl. \"You're excused from homework for the rest of the day,\" she said. \"How is this a field trip if it has nothing to do with school?\" I asked. Cheryl shrugged. \"Steven's orders,\" she replied. Of course. The beach had been closed down that day just for us, courtesy of Steven. Amber was the first person to dart to Caroline and Robin. Amber opened her beach bag and revealed (who would've guessed) a pony. Caroline laughed and pulled her own pony out of her beach bag. I giggled. \"Cute ponies,\" I said. I admired Caroline for liking ponies even though she was a grown woman. There's a child in everyone. \"You really like it?\" Caroline asked, examining her doll. I nodded. \"You can keep it.\" She handed it to me. My eyes widened. \"Seriously?\" I asked. She nodded. I took it and stroked it's mane. Suddenly, I felt my inner child breaking out as I giggled giddily at the adorable pony in my hands. Caroline smiled, sensing my joy. Amber and I played with the ponies for a while, but then set them down on the beach blanket and raced each other to the water. I sprayed Amber a few times and she splashed me back. When we were all wet, we decided to build a sand castle for our ponies to live in when I noticed Charlie laying on the sand. He must have been tired because he seemed asleep, even under the violently hot rays of sun splashing down upon us. I even snapped my fingers in front of his face a few times. No response. Then, a devilish smile spread across my face as I got a brilliant idea. I strolled back over to the beach blanket and grabbed the bucket. I whispered my plan into Amber's ear. She giggled, took the bucket and filled it with water. Can you guess where this is going? She came back with the full bucket. Caroline was tanning, but Robin was watching us with complete fascination. I pointed to the bucket, and then to Charlie. Robin smiled and gave the thumbs up. I walked over to Charlie with the bucket. Amber counted down on her fingers. 3...2...1...SPLASH! The freezing water hit Charlie from every angle. He sat up quickly and when he saw me holding the (now empty) bucket over him, he flipped. \"I...am...gonna...get...you…\" he said, shivering. I screamed and dropped the bucket just before he reached to grab me. I ran as fast as I could and he chased me. Robin and Amber were now laughing wildly. I ran to the water and got about knee-deep when Charlie caught me and pushed me. I fell in slow motion and landed with a huge splash in the ocean. When I stood up again, he was laughing his head off. \"Haha, very funny,\" I said sarcastically, although I couldn't stay mad for long. I splashed him and he splashed back. Soon, we were in a full-on splash war. Amber had joined in along the way and Robin stepped in to help Charlie. In the end, Amber and I won the splash fight, but it didn't make a difference. We were all cold and wet, but we had a great time, and that's what matters. Caroline gave us each and towel when we returned to the sand and we watched the sun set on the horizon. \"Callie,\" Amber whispered. \"Hmm?\" \"Are you and Charlie...a thing?\" she asked. I almost burst out laughing, but I was able to contain myself. I was about to say no when Charlie (who had heard, even though Amber had whispered) answered for me. \"Yup,\" he said sarcastically. \"We are a thing. We love each other with all our hearts and wanna get married and kisssssssss ,\" he said, dragging out the 'kiss' as Amber made a face. \"Ew,\" she said. \"Cooties.\" After that, mom, Trinity and Deb (Charlie's mom) came to walk us back to the hotel rooms. They'd apparently been hanging out since we left and had gone out to dinner for a 'girls night out.' The grown-ups talked for a bit and Charlie, Amber and I kinda hung back awkwardly. They talked for about ten minutes. \"Have you practiced your lines today, Cal?\" My mom asked. I shook my head. \"Haven't had much time,\" I replied. \"I will tomorrow, though.\" \"That's quite alright. Charlie hasn't been practicing at all,\" Deb said. \"He prefers books over scripts.\" \"Moooom!\" he complained. \"Don't start, Charles,\" she said. \"I hate it when she calls me that,\" he told me, blushing. \"Don't start, Charles,\" I said, quietly mimicking his mother's strict tone. He laughed. \"I always practice! Mommy says practice makes perfect!\" Amber said. \"It's good to practice, Am. Then you won't forget your lines,\" said Robin, giving her a high-five. \"Oh, I never forget anything. Except my homework,\" Amber replied, earning a laugh from Caroline and a glare from Cheryl. \"You're in trouble, missy,\" Cheryl joked. \"So, did you kids have fun today?\" Trinity asked. \"Yes!\" Amber said. \"Callie dumped water on Charlie and we played with My Little Ponies and we had a splash fight and…\" the list went on. I was about to tune her out when I heard her say something no one expected. \"Charlie said he loves Callie.\" \"Really?\" Deb asked, glancing at him. He now seemed really nervous. \"Mmhm. With all his heart,\" Amber continued. I sent her the loudest telepathic messages I could ( Amber! Shhhh! ) but, of course, she wasn't getting them because she kept going. \"And he said he wanted to marry her and kisssssssss her.\" Now, Charlie face-palmed himself. Robin was two minutes away from peeing himself, laughing, Deb looked really suprised at Charlie, and my mom had a look on her face that just said, 'I knew it.' I blushed and grabbed my beach bag. I took the My Little Pony that Caroline gave me (which Amber had named Maggie, no explanation needed) and shoved it in my bag as fast as I could. Now, I only wanted to get away from the beach. I was so embarrassed. As I was trying to find somewhere (anywhere) to place my water bottle in my beach bag, mom approached. \"He was joking,\" I said. \"Mmhm,\" my mom said, not buying it. \"He was!\" I replied. Now, I just jammed the water bottle in, not wanting to talk about this anymore. I grabbed my mom's hand and we rushed off the beach. My mom waved to Cheryl, Caroline and Trinity as we left, but I didn't stay long enough to say goodbye to anyone. I did, however, notice that Charlie and Deb had left before us, weirdly enough. When we were in the hotel, my mom stopped me. \"Slow down! Your flip flops are gonna leave skid marks on the floor if you go any faster!\" \"Sorry,\" I said, walking. \"You don't have to be embarrassed. I think it's cute that he likes you.\" \"Mom...He doesn't like me. He was kidding,\" I said. But that sentence was quickly brought back into questioning when we encountered Charlie and Deb on the way to the elevator. They didn't see us behind them, of course, because if they saw us, I'm sure Deb wouldn't have said: \"I still can't believe you admitted it.\" Needless to say, I hid behind a potted plant as we waited for the next elevator (I didn't want Charlie to know I'd heard) and my mom laughed harder than I'd ever heard her laugh before. A/N: This isn't like any of the other chapters. I wanted you to see what the cast is like when they aren't on set and when they are having fun. So, what do you think? Challie is in motion! More to come tonight![Chapter 7] I had managed to avoid Charlie all weekend, until Monday...the day we had to move. Mom and I were in a convenient store, getting shampoo, when we saw Deb. Now, they hadn't seen us, so we could have just walked away, not having to deal with it. But my mother, being the woman that she is, decided to say hi. Words cannot describe how against this I was. \"Mom, no, please don't, I'm begging you-\" \"Deb! Hi! How are you!\" Immediate mental face palm. \"Jessica! Hello! What a coincidence,\" Deb replied. Charlie smiled when he saw me. Bad sign. He walked over to me and I pretended to be interested in whatever was closest to me, which, unfortunately, was a box of Tampax Super Absorbent Pads. \"Hi,\" he said, probably creeped out that I was so absorbed in the...absorbent disposable female appliances. Well, no avoiding him now. I put the box down. \"Charlie! Hi!\" I said, as if I hadn't noticed him before this very moment. \"What's up?\" he asked, meaning this generally, of course, but me, being the idiot that I am, assumed he meant with my attitude. I'd been acting different in the past ten seconds we'd been talking to each other. \"Up? Up? Nothings' up! The sky is up,\" I said, talking fast. He nodded. Stupid, stupid, stupid, Callie! The sky? That's the best you can come up with? THE SKY!? \"Excited to move to Culver today?\" he asked, making conversation. \"Um...yeah,\" I said, calming down. He doesn't know you heard. Maybe Deb was talking about something else. You don't know. Maybe he doesn't like you. \"Cool. So, do you, um...wanna sit next to me on the bus?\" he asked. Oh, God. Mayday. He likes me. He likes me. No. He doesn't like me. He LOVES me. Not that I'm surprised, I mean, I am pretty fabulous, but still. He. Likes. Me. As all of this was going through my head, I suddenly realized that about five second had passed and I still hadn't answered him. \"Um...sure,\" I said. He smiled. \"Great,\" he said. \"Charles! Let's go. We have to finish packing,\" Deb said. He followed her out of the store and waved to me just as he disappeared from view. \"Whyyy?!\" I groaned. \"Why did you have to do that?\" \"Cal, calm down. So what if he likes you? It's nothing to be embarrassed about. I'd be flattered if a movie star liked me,\" she replied. \"He's not a movie star. He's just been in a few movies.\" After packing the very little luggage that I'd bothered to unpack in the last two weeks, I put my suitcase in what we called 'the luggage car.' I climbed into the bus and sat down next to Charlie. The bus was huge. It was like a tour bus, with a bathroom and beds. There was a little common area where everyone would sit for the 45 minute drive to Culver. There wasn't any proper seats, but there were some couches attached to the bus with seat belts. Mom liked it.. Deb didn't really care, as long as Charlie had a seatbelt on. Trinity wasn't having it. \"I could just drive Amber myself in my own car,\" she told the chauffeur, trying to exit the bus. \"Mrs. Scott, your car, along with Mrs. Korsmo and Ms. Holden's car, have been in Culver since last night,\" the chauffeur said. Trinity, with a heavy heart, sat down, put on a seat belt and pulled it so tight, I was surprised she could still breathe. Deb and mom sat across from Charlie, Amber and I. Trinity sat behind the chauffeur. When we started moving, Amber wiggled out of her seat and started roaming around the bus. \"Amber, honey, please get back in your seat and put your seatbelt on,\" Trinity said. \"Mom, I'm being a ballerina now,\" Amber said, dancing around the bus. My mom slept quietly next to Deb, who was reading a magazine about corporate finances. \"Sweetie, if you don't sit down and we get into an accident…\" she stopped herself. \"I think I'm gonna be sick.\" She stood up and ran to the bathroom, shutting the door behind her. Amber rolled her eyes. \"She does that all the time if she isn't driving. She can be a control freak sometimes, but it's okay. She probably won't come out until the trip is over,\" Amber said. I unbuckled my seatbelt and slid off of my seat and onto the floor of the bus, sitting next to Amber. I took my pony out of my purse. Amber frowned. \"I don't have mine. She's in my suitcase.\" \"Here,\" I said, handing her the pony and a brush. \"You can braid her hair.\" She smiled, taking Maggie-Pony and brushing her hair. I was watching when I heard my phone ding. I turned it on and saw a new text message from dad. Hey, sweetie! Sorry. Got a little caught up with work this week. Hope ur having a gr8 day. Can't w8 2 c u. I sighed and texted back. A little caught up with work. Sure. Hi dad. I miss u. I can't wait 2 come home. Maybe we can video chat sometime this week? :3 Sent. Delivered. Read. No response. Typical. I turned my phone off. It's not that I was expecting anything back. He's always so busy with everything else, I'm lucky I even got a message. When Amber was done braiding, I handed her an elastic to tie the plastic rainbow hair in place. Suddenly, I remembered Charlie was there. He sat quietly, reading a science book. I giggled. He looked up and saw that I was laughing at him. \"What's so funny?\" he asked. \"You're smart,\" I said. \"Yeah, I noticed,\" he said. Now, Amber laughed, which wasn't a surprise, as she was always laughing. \"No, I mean, like… you know stuff! Like, more stuff than me!\" I said, sounding stupid, but he got what I was saying. We'd been laughing quite loud, so now my mom was wide awake. \"Wow, I wish you knew stuff,\" Mom joked to me. \"I do know stuff!\" I defended. \"Oh, yeah?\" Amber asked. \"What's nine plus ten?\" \"Nineteen,\" I said. \"TWENTY-ONE!\" Amber yelled. \"What comes after twenty-one, Amber?\" I asked. \"Twenty-two,\" she said, not getting the joke until I whipped out my phone and started playing the Taylor Swift song. Before I knew it, the chauffeur had taken my phone and plugged it into the speaker system, so the song played throughout the bus. \"I DON'T KNOW ABOUT YOU, BUT I'M FEELIN' TWENTY-TWO! EVERYTHING WILL BE ALRIGHT IF YOU KEEP ME NEXT TO YOU! YOU DON'T KNOW ABOUT ME, BUT I'LL BET YOU WANT TO! EVERYTHING WILL BE ALRIGHT IF WE JUST KEEP DANCIN' LIKE WE'RE TWENTY-TWO!\" We yelled. Charlie laughed, shaking his head as we skipped around the bus, screaming the song at the top of our voices. When the song finally ended, my vocal cords hurt. Amber and I decided to stop singing, as we were giving my mom a headache. Next, Style by Taylor Swift came on. I think it's pretty evident that I like Taylor Swift by now. So, as the song played, I could only think of one thing. \"'...Could end in burning flames or paradise. Fade into view, oh, it's been awhile since I have even heard from you...heard from you,'\" Taylor sang. \"'Cuz you got that James Dean daydream look in your eye, and I got that red lip classic thing that you like...'\" Now I was vigorously rubbing off my red lipgloss. My mom sat in the corner, the biggest smile on her face. I crossed my fingers that she wouldn't let a laugh spill out. My mom is the kind of person that can't stop laughing once she starts. Keep it in, mom. Please don't… Charlie pulled a jacket around his white tee-shirt and I put a blanket on my legs to cover my mini-skirt. What an unfortunate series of events. But what happened next was even worse, as Amber, being a young child, said what no one else wanted to say. \"This song sounds like it's about you two!\" she said, pointing to Charlie and I. We looked at each other and I started laughing. \"What? Why would it be about us?\" I asked. \"Because you're in loooooooove ,\" she teased. Now, I quickly stood up and changed the song on my phone. I randomly chose another song and put my phone down before I could see what song it was. You Belong With Me by (suprise, suprise) Taylor Swift. I sighed. This was going to be a long, awkward ride. When we got to the new hotel, we met with the other kids in the movie, who had been here since the first week of filming, since Steven didn't need the Lost Boys for the first few scenes that we shot. We were told that shooting would start again on Friday because Steven would shoot the outside of a Pan AM plane (for before the plane scene) tomorrow, and he had to watch fencing practices with Robin and Dustin to make sure he liked the stuff they'd be doing in movie. My room was between Charlie and Amber's rooms and it was even bigger than the last hotel room we had, which was good, considering we'd be staying there for the next eleven months. Mom and I had separate rooms again, but had to share a bathroom this time. At least this time, I had my own room key. After we got our luggage, I unpacked everything and chilled out. Culver was different than LA, but it was a good different. When Cheryl came over that night, she wanted to talk about more than math. \"So, I heard you like Charlie,\" she said. \"Why does everyone bring that up?\" I asked, annoyed. \"And I don't like him. He likes me.\" \"Alright, no need to get all defensive about it. Just asking,\" she said. \"But still. He is so your type.\" \"He's smart.\" \"So?\" \"I'm not smart,\" I said. \"Judging by your last math test, I'd say you're pretty smart,\" she said. \"He's been in movies.\" \"You're in a movie,\" she replied. \"He...oh, whatever!\" I said. She laughed, victoriously ending this argument. \"I'm NOT gonna go out with him or anything.\" \"You say that now. You just wait, honey. You're gonna be stuck with the same people around you for so long, you won't remember what a boy from the outside world looks like.\" \"Cheryl, it's a movie, not a prison,\" I said. She laughed. \"I know, but...multiply that by the fraction...you just wait and see. You might actually come to know him a little better,\" she said. I focused on the math portion of that sentence. \"Okay, let's get to know him a little better. What is he studying right now?\" I asked. Silence. \"Hmm?\" \"I'm not supposed to-\" \"Oh, Cheryl, come on. It's in the name of love!\" I said, a bit too over dramatically. She rolled her eyes. \"Okay. He's studying algebra two, Shakespeare, and biological sciences,\" she said. Now, I was quiet. \"I can't believe it. He's smarter than I thought. He's a college student. He's Einstein. He's a frickin' genius,\" I said. \"Please. He's thirteen. Now, can we please get back to-\" \"HE. IS. SMART.\" I said. She rolled her eyes again. \"What have I just unleashed?\" she asked herself. \"But he doesn't seem smart. He seems normal…\" I said, piecing this together in my mind. Ding! The timer went off, signaling the end of our tutoring session. She sighed, packing her books. \"Don't forget to do your homework,\" she said, leaving. She went to Amber's room next, so I decided to talk to Mr. Smart himself. I knocked on his hotel door and he answered. \"Didn't your mom ever tell you not to answer the door to a stranger?\" I asked. \"You aren't a stranger,\" he said. \"Yeah, but I'm strange,\" I replied. His room was separated from his mom's, like mine, and the door between their rooms was shut. Curiouser and curiouser… \"What's up?\" he asked. \"Besides the sky.\" I blushed and cursed myself again for saying that. Stupid, stupid, stupid. \"Not much.\" I said. I couldn't hold it in anymore, so I just burst and asked the question I'd been dying to know the answer to. \"Why are you smart?\" Stupid, stupid, stupid. \"Um...what?\" he asked. I'd caught him off guard. \"You…\" he nodded. \"Are…\" more nodding. \"Smart. Why didn't you tell me?\" \"Hi, I'm Charlie. I'm smart.\" \"You know things, and stuff and ahh! I wasn't expecting that…\" \"So, you thought I was dumb?\" \"Well, not dumb, but...I didn't think you would be doing Algebra II and stuff,\" I said. \"How'd you know I was doing Algebra II?\" \"Cheryl was...and I was...and I just...that's an off topic question!\" I said, getting flustered. He laughed. \"That's cute,\" he mumbled. \"What?\" I asked. \"What?\" he asked. \"What?\" we both said at the same time. I blushed. He blushed. Oh no.[Chapter 8] \"Did you know that the Grand Canyon can hold over 900 trillion footballs?\" I asked. \"Really?\" Charlie asked. I nodded. \"Did you know that I have to go to the bathroom?\" Amber asked. I sighed. \"Lets go,\" I told her, taking her to the ladies' room for the third time that day. \"I'm nervous!\" she told me. \"I actually have to say stuff, and yell at Dustin and he looks scary!\" \"Amber, listen. When the camera turn on, you aren't Amber anymore. You're Maggie. What would Maggie do?\" I asked. \"Yell at Dustin?\" she asked. \"No, she'd yell at Hook .\" \"There's a difference?\" she asked. I nodded. \"Yes, there's a difference. Think of the camera as a magic wand. When it turns on, you are someone else. Everyone around you is someone else. Dustin is Hook, Charlie is Jack and I am Hartlyn.\" \"But I don't know Hook, Jack and Hartlyn,\" she said, getting nervous. \"Amber doesn't know them, but Maggie does,\" I said. \"And Maggie is FURIOUS at Hook for kidnapping her and her siblings and wants to go home! Let me hear you yell out there, okay?\" \"Okay! Lets go YELL!\" She said. I was happy. Yelling is something Amber is good at. When we got back to set, we started filming. We'd film the second part of the scene today, and the first part tomorrow. I noted Dante standing behind the camera. Even though he wasn't going to be filmed today, he was still here. Dustin came out of the dressing room in his wig and I almost fell on the floor, laughing. He looked so different. \"Careful, Hartlyn,\" he said, method acting ( A/N: Method Acting: When an actor/actress stays in character, even when the camera is turned off ). \"Laughter brings misery.\" That is so something Hook would say. \"ACTION!\" Steven yelled. \"No, child, I think your mother reads to you every night in order to stupefy you to sleep… So that she and daddy can sit down for three measly minutes without you, and your mindless, inexhaustible, unstoppable, repetitive and nagging demands. 'He took my toy, she hit my bear, I want a potty, I want a cookie, I want to stay up. I want, I want, I want. Me, me, me, me. Mine, mine, mine, mine. Now, now, now! Can't you understand, child. They tell you stories to shut you up,\" Dustin said. \"And conk you out,\" Bob (Smee) added. \"That's not true, Jack. You're a liar!\" Amber said. \"Cut!\" Steven yelled. \"Amber, you need to yell louder, okay?\" We tried again, but she still didn't yell loud enough. \"Callie, Charlie, come here.\" We walked over to Steven. \"Can you kids say anything to make Amber yell loud enough?\" he asked. I smiled. \"I know just what to say,\" I said. I stood behind the camera, and Steven yelled, 'Action.' \"Amber,\" I said, standing behind the camera. \"I heard Dustin stole your My Little Pony, but he told me he didn't take it. What do you want to say to him?\" She turned and looked at Dustin. \"YOU'RE A LIAR!\" she yelled. Steven smiled. \"CUT! I think we got it,\" he said. \"Good job, Callie.\" He gave me a high five. I got back in my desk and we resumed the scene. \"ACTION!\" \"Lie? Me? Never. The truth is far too much fun!\" A few takes later, Bob carried Amber off and she stood behind the camera to watch the last few takes before we wrapped ( A/N: Wrapped= Finished filming ) for the day. \"Hartlyn, Jack, you're home here, right?\" Hook asked. I shook my head. \"No. Maggie's right. Dad will save us. I know he will,\" I said. \"Dad isn't Peter Pan, Hartlyn! Do you want to die just 'cuz dad can't save us?\" Jack asked. \"No…\" I said, weighing my options and deciding my best bet was with Hook. \"CUT!\" Steven yelled. I high fived Charlie. \"You were awesome,\" he said. \"Thanks. So were you,\" I blushed. \"But I was the best! YOU'RE A LIAR! YOU'RE A LIAR! YOU'RE A LIAR!\" Amber yelled, running up to us. \"You were the best,\" I told her. She smiled. \"I know,\" She said, then ran off to the snack table and scarfed down two brownies and a cupcake. A/N: I'm so so so so so so sorry this chapter is so short. The next one will be a LOT longer, I promise! I'm also sorry I haven't updated in a while. I have finals and a lot of end-of-the-year projects, so I probably won't update the way I used to until the end of June, when school ends, but I'll try to post whenever I can. I'm also working on a new story! Stay tuned! :)[Chapter 9] A few days later, Steven was shooting a scene with the Lost Boys. During break time, the boys get to play around the set (Neverland) and do whatever they want. Today, I was going to attend shooting and play with the boys during their break, but… \"Callie! Honey, could you please do me a favor?\" Mom asked. \"What?\" I groaned. \"Well, I'm supposed to go out with Trinity tonight, but Amber is sick. Can you please babysit her?\" she asked. \"Mom! I'm supposed to go to shooting today,\" I said. \"Sweetie, there will be plenty more scenes. Relax. I only need you to watch her for a few hours while we go shopping and-\" \" Hours ?!\" I said. I flopped on my bed as she put on her earrings and peered into the mirror. She fixed some fly-aways and went back to our conversation. \"Don't be dramatic, Cal. Please? You love Amber. Just hang out with her. Watch a movie or something. Play a game. Maybe Charlie can come over and hang for a while. I'll leave you some money so if you girls want to order room service, you may.\" I grumbled a, 'thank you,' (I was angry, not rude) and she kissed the top of my head. \"Be ready in five,\" she said, going back into her room. I grabbed my phone charger, my phone, my iPad, a book and my room key (in case I needed to come back for anything) and stuffed it all in a bag. A few minutes later, I stood in front of Amber's hotel room door, knocking, my mom behind me. When it opened, a shrill voice (Trinity's) flooded the hallway and we were pulled into the room. \"Oh, Jess, it's so good to see you!\" Trinity said as if they hadn't seen each other in forever. \"You too, Trin!\" my mom said and they hugged. ' Jess and Trin? So they have nicknames for each other now? ' \"Thank you so much for babysitting tonight, Callie,\" Trinity said. \"I'm NOT a baby!\" Amber shouted from the other room. \"Amber-sitting,\" Trinity corrected herself. I smiled. \"It's no trouble, Miss. Scott. Amber is like my little sister,\" I said. They both smiled. My mom handed me the room serivce money and they left. \"We'll be back around ten,\" my mom said before shutting the door awfully quickly, knowing I'd freak out but giving me no time. I sighed. ' What am I supposed to do to keep her busy until TEN?! ' I thought to myself, looked at my phone, which read 6:30 PM. \"Amber! Where are you?\" I called, walking into her bedroom. \"In here!\" I heard her voice from the room I'd just walked out of. I rolled my eyes. ' Not again. Please, not again! ' Luckily, when I walked back into the living room, she was sitting on the couch. \"How do you do that?\" I asked. \"Do what?\" she asked back. \"Nevermind,\" I said. \"I wanted to go to the shooting today, but my mom said no because she was going out with your mom,\" she told me. \"I wanted to go, too,\" I said, sitting on the couch next to her. \"I was gonna go see my boyfriend, Tom,\" she said. I laughed. \"What's so funny?.\" \"Nothing, nothing,\" I said, still giggling. \"I just thought Charlie was your boyfriend.\" I remembered her skipping in a circle and announcing it a few weeks ago, when we first met. \"No, he's not. He's yours,\" she said. I stopped laughing. \"No, he isn't,\" I said, blushing. Unfortunately, she saw this and smiled. \"Don't worry. I get it. Thomas and I have the same sort of relationship,\" she said. \"What kind of relationship would that be?\" I asked, picturing him proposing to her with a ring he got from a gumball machine outside a gas station. \"A secret relationship. I keep it a secret...from him…\" she said. This sent me into fits of raging laughter that I couldn't control. Soon, she started laughing, too. Once we were able to control ourselves, I spoke again. \"Charlie and I don't have a secret relationship. We don't have have a relationship. We're just friends,\" I told her. \"Ooh…\" she said. \"He just got friendzoned. He owes me five bucks.\" She stood up from the couch and ran out of the hotel room. I chased after her. ' I really gotta learn to lock that door so she can't get out! ' She ran right up to Charlie's door. I stopped in my tracks. She looked at me, knowing what I was thinking and shooting me a threatening glance. She held her fist to the door. \"Don't you dare!\" I mouthed. \"Oh, I dare!\" she mouthed back, knocking. I facepalmed. The door opened. \"What's up, Amber?\" Charlie asked. \"You owe me five bucks,\" she said. \"Why? Did she really say-\" \"Amber!\" I said, cutting him off. He seemed surprised to see me, but the color soon returned back to his face. \"Sorry. I'm babysitting. You know how she is,\" I said. He nodded. I grabbed her arm and walked her back to the hotel room. \"You're gonna get it,\" I mumbled. I could sense him staring at us (me) until we were back inside the room and the door was shut. \"Hey! That's not fair! I didn't get my money!\" she said. \"He made a bet with you?\" I asked. \"About me!? And you didn't tell me?\" \"He told me not to tell you,\" she said. \"In his defense, he did say to wait a little while longer and you'll be madly in love with him.\" \"He really said that?\" I asked. \"Well, not exactly, but he did say to wait, and I did. I waited a whole two days !\" she said. \"That's the longest I've ever waited for anything in my entire life !\" \"Okay, can we just forget about it please? I am NOT going out with him and I probably never will. It's not that I don't want to, it's just that...I don't know!\" I said. I knew I didn't owe her an explanation, but I felt like I owed myself one. I sat on the couch and put my head in my hands. She sat next to me and put a hand on my shoulder. \"Can we just get some food?\" she asked in a soothing tone. I laughed. She always knew what to say. \"Sure. Let me just call the front desk. What do you want?\" I asked. She frowned. \"How about we take a night out? Like our mommies!\" she said. \"We can be sophisticated grown-ups.\" \"Amber,\" I groaned. \"I don't think we should be leaving the room.\" But by now, she was already in her closet, choosing something to wear. I sighed and went back to my room, leaving my phone in Amber's room (big mistake) and chose a blue dress from my mom's closet. When I got back to the room, Amber had on a dress, makeup and heels. \"Can you do my hair?\" she asked. I sighed and wiped the makeup off with baby wipes. I curled her hair (and mine) and found some better shoes for her to wear. I didn't want her to break her ankle. Mom, Trinity and Steven would kill me. Amber insisted I put on some mascara and lip gloss. \"My mom has the perfect pair of shoes! They'd go with your dress perfectly!\" She ran into her mom's room and came back with a pair of blue heels...at least 6 inches. \"No way!\" I said. She nodded. I looked at them. They were pretty cute and matched the color of the dress perfectly. ' Oh, what the heck! YOLO! ' I thought, as I slipped the shoes on. Hopefully, Trinity wouldn't mind. When we got outside, we met (surprise, surprise) Charlie, who was in a tux. I gave Amber a look that said, 'You didn't,' and she nodded, smiling. I checked my phone, and sure enough, she had texted Charlie, asking him to come to dinner with us. We went through the elevator to the bottom floor, where all of the restaurants were. Unfortunately, Amber was distracted by the blinking lights of the casino and followed them. \"Amber, no!\" Charlie said. \"Come here! The casino is only for adults. If you go in there, we'll all get in trouble.\" But, of course, she didn't listen, so we had to go chase her. Finally, I caught up to her and grabbed her arm. \"No,\" I said. \"That word isn't in my vocabulary,\" she said, pulling her arm free and running out of sight. \"Holy crap. What are we gonna do!? If I can't catch her before my mom comes back, I'm in big trouble. What if she gets lost or kidnapped or abducted by aliens!?\" I asked. I sense Charlie holding in a laugh. \"She'll be fine,\" he said. \"Come on. I'm sure we can find her.\" We ran through the casino (avoiding stationed police officers) and through every restaurant we could find. We were about to give up and call my mom when my cell phone started buzzing. A call from an unknown number. \"Hello?\" I asked, ready to hang up in case it was a telemarketer or something. \"Hi, is this Callie?\" a woman's voice asked. \"Yes…\" I said. \"This is Amanda Tulak, Tommy's mom. Amber showed up at my hotel room and said she'd run away from you kids,\" she explained. I breathed a sigh of relief and told Charlie where she was. He leaned against a wall as I talked to Amanda. She told me her room number and we set off on our great adventure to find Amber once again. \"Amber! Why did you run away from us!? You scared me half to death!\" I said, hugging her. \"Which half of you is dead?\" she asked, and I couldn't help but laugh. \"Thank you for calling me, Mrs. Tulak,\" I said. She smiled. \"No problem. This little one, though,\" she said, referencing to Amber, \" was being quite...difficult. She wouldn't give me your cell phone number, so I had to call her mom, who told your mom. Your mother gave me your number and I called you. They're on their way here now, by the way,\" she said. My mouth dropped open. Mrs. Tulak went to tuck Tom into bed, leaving Charlie, Amber and I in the living room for a few moments. \"I am so dead,\" I said. \"I'm gonna put on a movie,\" Amber said. She switched through the channels and settled on the Arsenio Hall show. Wouldn't you know it, the surprise guest was the brilliant child star, Charlie Korsmo. I crossed my arms and looked at him. He blushed and turned the TV off, just as my mom burst into the room. \"AMBER!\" Trinity called, running in and squeezing her daughter so hard, I thought Amber would pop. I took off the shoes and kicked them under the couch before anyone could see. \"Callie! What happened!? You were supposed to be watching her! Why are you wearing my dress? You are grounded for eterni- Oh hi, Charlie!\" I couldn't believe it. The second she saw him, her face brightened up like the sun. ' This boy is magic or something, ' I thought. \"Hi, Jess,\" He said. \"So, you're on a first name basis with my mom, now?\" I asked. He smiled. ' How did that happen? ' Trinity and mom thanked Mrs. Tulak and we all walked down the hall together, Charlie following slowly behind. \"What was that? You just stopped yelling mid-sentence. That's not like you,\" I whispered so no one would hear. \"I know. I just didn't wanna embarrass you in front of your BOYFRIEND,\" she said. Charlie may have been behind a few steps, but I knew he had heard her and I felt his eyes on me. My cheeks burned. ' So much for not embarrassing me, mom. ' A/N: New chapter coming TONIGHT. It's a super long one. Stay tuned! Thanks for the favorites, reviews, etc. Keep them coming! 333[Chapter 10] \"Hello?\" I heard my mom answer the phone. I looked at the clock on my nightstand. Who's calling at three in the morning? I heard her yawn. \"Okay, we'll be there as soon as possible.\" She hung up and came into my room. \"Callie, are you awake?\" \"Yeah,\" I said. \"Who was that?\" \"Steven. He said he had some cool news that he wanted to share with the whole cast right now, so we all have to meet at the Neverland-set-place,\" she said, her mind still foggy with sleep. She grabbed her purse. \"Let's go,\" she said. \"In our PJ's?\" I asked. \"Yup. Come on. The faster we get there, the faster we can get back here and go back to sleep.\" I shrugged. Can't argue with that logic. I grabbed my phone, a pillow and my bunny slippers and followed her. The lobby of the hotel was creepily empty, not that I expected it to be full this early in the morning. I saw Trinity carrying a sleeping Amber to her limo as we got into ours. I fell asleep on the way to the studio. ' Why couldn't Steven just wait until tomorrow? ' When we got there, I put my pillow against a studio wall and slept until everyone arrived. I think Robin and Dustin knew what the news was because they were smiling. The only people that weren't there were the extra pirates and lost boys that didn't have any lines, the mermaids, and Julia, of course. \"Now, most of you may know,\" Steven started talking. His voice was tired but excited. Super excited. Something was going on. \"That I think that movie-making is like a learning experience for everyone involved, and with all of the kids around, I figured we should take a field trip.\" He scanned the crowd of kids. \"Callie!\" he said, motioning me towards him. I stood next to him, in front of all of my castmates. \"Answer this million-dollar question for me, and the whole cast will get a special prize. Where does the Banning family go on vacation?\" \"London,\" I said. Duh. \"Correct! Robin, tell the lovely lady what she's won!\" Steven said. ' I thought I was in a movie, not on a game show. ' \"Well, Steven, Callie has just won herself, along with the entire cast of Hook, a trip to LONDON, ENGLAND!\" Robin announced. There was a symphony of gasps and chatter amongst the crowed. I could feel my eyebrows fly up in surprise. I gave Steven a, ' No way! Really? ' look. He smiled and nodded. \"Kids, make sure you thank Steven for putting this trip together!\" Dustin reminded us. We all ran up to him and hugged him at the same time (and since there was a lot of us, it was enough to almost knock him over, but he didn't mind). When we were done, we were dismissed, but some of us stayed for a few minutes afterwards to talk. \"Callie Callie CALLIE!\" Amber came running up to me. \"You answered the question right! Great job!\" She said, sticking a gold star sticker on my pajama pants and running off, giggling. Trinity ran up to me. \"Sorry. She got a new pad of stickers and she's sticking them everywhere,\" she said, out of breath. She ran off to get Amber. Mom walked up to me with a giant smile on her face. \"Wow! How fun!\" she said. \"Can't wait!\" \"Jess, can I talk to you for a second? I have some script changes for Callie. I just wanted to run them by you first,\" Steven said. He led her away and I went up to Charlie, who was standing all by himself (again). \"Excited?\" I asked. He nodded. \"You don't talk much on set, do you?\" \"If I can help it,\" he said. I laughed. \"Well, at least I'm not like Amber. 'Look at my pony! I like kittens! I love cupcakes!'\" he said, impersonating her. I giggled more. \"And you do a great job at...standing there, Charlie! You get a sticker, too!\" she said, running by and sticking another star on his pants. \"Thanks, squirt,\" he said. She ran off again when she saw Trinity coming for her. \"Oh, so you have new nicknames for everyone now? Amber is Squirt and my mom is Jess,\" I said. \"Your mom's name is Jess,\" he said. \"I just happen to call her that.\" \"What do you call me?\" I asked. \"I know what you call me,\" he said, crossing his arms and changing the subject. \"What do I call you?\" I mused. \"Your boyfriend ,\" he said. \"My mom only said that to embarrass me,\" I said. I felt my cheeks turning red \"I know, but I could be your boyfriend if I wanted to. I just have to use some of my Charlie Charm,\" he said. I laughed. \"What's Charlie Charm?\" I asked. He flipped his hair and smiled, and it was really, really, really cute, but I'd never admit that to him. \"Anyway, I think I'll have to get back to you on that nickname thing. I'm gonna make it special. Like, an inside joke or something,\" he said. I smiled. ' I'm special. ' After we got back to the hotel room, we went back to sleep and less than forty-eight hours later, the whole cast was on a private jet to London. When we got there, Steven took Amber, Charlie and I for a walk around town. More 'family bonding time,' like we did in LA, except Robin and Caroline weren't there. It was just the Banning children this time. \"Still feeling jet lagged, Callie?\" Steven asked. He had to wear sunglasses and a hoodie so he wouldn't be recognised. I nodded. He laughed. \"Don't worry. We'll be here for two weeks. You'll get used to the different timezone.\" \"I sure hope so. I wanna go sightseeing on one of my off days,\" I tell him. \"Are you gonna take some pictures for your dad?\" he asked. Just by the way he said it, I could tell my mom told him what's going on. I nodded my head yes, but I'm sure my eyes told a different story, and he knew too. He watches actors act for a living, so he could see right through me. In fact, I should've known better than to lie to him, but he didn't press any further. \"'Sup, Cup?\" Amber asked Charlie. \"Amber! I told you not to talk about that!\" he said. \"Too late! That's your new nickname,\" she said. \"Why?\" I asked. \"Because he-\" Charlie stopped her by putting his hand over her mouth. \"Nothing! Nothing! It doesn't matter! Lets just forget it,\" he said. Steven smirked. So this is a secret that everyone is in on but me? Not fair! \"You still don't have a nickname,\" he told me. \"Well, hop to it, kid. I need a nickname,\" I said. \"Since your full name is Calista, isn't Callie your nickname? And you shouldn't call me, 'kid.' I'm a month older, remember?,\" he asked. \"I remember,\" I told him. \"But girls develop faster than boys. Anyway, everyone calls me Callie. You have to call me something different, like you do with Amber,\" I said. \"Oh. Feeling a bit jealous of the seven year old, are we?\" he smiled playfully. \"No,\" I said, blushing. I guess that was partly true. Another thing I'd never admit. \"This is where we'll be filming on Monday, kids,\" Steven said. He showed us a small house. He took a key out of his pocket and unlocked to front door. \"We can actually go in?\" Amber asked. Steven nodded. \"I want all three of you to walk in at the same time,\" he said. We all stepped through the small doorway at the same time. \"Great! Now, besides me and the guys who came to work on the house, you three are the first members of the cast to step into Granny Wendy's house!\" \"Wait, this is Granny Wendy's house?\" I asked in disbelief. \"Yeah! Cool, isn't it?\" he asked. \"Yeah, it's just smaller than I thought it would be,\" I said. \"This is so cool!\" Amber said, bouncing around. \"What do you think, Charlie?\" Steven asked. Charlie leaned against a wall. \"It's great,\" he said, unenthusiastically. I playfully punched him in the arm. \"Come on, dude. Don't be that guy ,\" I said. \"What guy?\" Steven and Charlie asked together. \"Well,\" I said, pretending to examine my nails. \"I'm just saying, there's a rumor going around the set that Charlie is standoffish,\" I said. \"He's anything but,\" Steven said. \"That's just what I heard,\" I said. \"Who told you that?\" Charlie asked. \"I can't say,\" I said, playing with him now. \"I can! It was Tommy! But Tommy only said it 'cuz he heard it from Jasen, who heard it from Raushan, who heard it from Isaiah!\" Amber announced. Another mental facepalm. \"Wow. So they really think that?\" Charlie looked hurt. \"Well, hey. Don't sit here and cry about it-\" \"I wasn't crying,\" he said. \"You were about to!\" Amber said. \"Was not!\" \"Was, too!\" she said. Wow. So Amber can even start an argument with the smartest kid on set. That deserves a world record. \"I think what Callie was about to say is you shouldn't sit around and do nothing. Fix it,\" Steven said. I nodded. \"How?\" Charlie asked. \"You could start by talking to someone. Make some friends,\" I told him. \"But I have friends,\" he whined. \"You and Amber.\" \"Dantes' throwing a cast party tonight and you're coming,\" I said. \"But I can't! I need to study tonight,\" he said. \"Study for what? You're a million bajillion times smarter than anyone I've ever met,\" I said. \"Technically, bajillion isn't a number,\" he said. \"Technically, I don't care,\" I said. \"Technically, where's the bathroom? And technically, what does technically mean?\" Amber asked. We'd been extremely tired since we arrived (jet lag) so we went to our new hotel rooms and slept. Well, I tried to sleep, but I was so excited. Everything seemed so new to me. ' So this is what it feel like sleeping on a bed in London. ' I thought. After my mom fell asleep, I got a text from Trinity. Well, it was from her, but it wasn't. But it was. But it wasn't. Anyway, here's what it said: Com 2 my room. -Amber. How is she so good at retrieving and unlocking everyone's phone? I quietly went to Amber's room. I had to be super stealthy because my mom and I had to share a room for this trip, so if she woke up and saw me leaving, I'd be in trouble. I'm supposed to ask her before I leave the room. Anyway, Amber had a suite, so her mom was asleep in another bedroom. Amber sat in the living room. The TV was playing a movie, but she was more focused on her iPad. \"Whatchya doing?\" I asked. \"Researching Charlie,\" she said. \"Why?\" I asked. \"He's your boyfriend. You have to know everything about him!\" \"Amber,\" I groaned. \"He's not my-\" \"No way! Look at this article I found!\" she said, turning the iPad toward me. ' Charlie Korsmo ' it read. ' Pregnant. ' \"Oh, Amber. Don't believe everything you read, honey,\" I said, giggling. \"I looked at IMDB earlier,\" she said. \"It's like Facebook for famous people,\" she told me. \"I know what IMDB is,\" I laughed. Facebook for famous people. This kid is really one of a kind. \"How come we don't have one? We're in a movie,\" she said. \"Yeah, but the movie didn't come out yet, and since this is our first movie, no one really knows about us yet. But if we do a good job in this movie, we'll be really famous in a few years,\" I said. \"Hmm...\" she said. She had an idea. I could tell. After a few seconds of tapping on her iPad, she showed me what she was working on. \"Charlie has one.\" \"Yeah. He's been in more than one movie. He's a superstar ,\" I said, putting sarcastic emphasis on the last word. \"I'm gonna read his bio!\" she said. \"Knock yourself out,\" I said, trying to focus on the movie playing on the TV. \"That sounded mean,\" she said. \"Oh, just read,\" I said. She narrowed her eyes. I sighed. \"Please.\" She started reading. \"Charles Rudolph Korsmo-\" \"RUDOLPH!?\" I said. I laughed until my sides hurt. I looked at the iPad, wiping tears of joy away. \"Amber, that says, 'Randolph,\" I told her. I didn't expect her, a seven year old, to get every word right, but that was just really funny. \"Oh. That makes more sense. He doesn't look like a reindeer,\" she said, sending me into further fits of laughter. \"That's it!\" I said. \"That's his new nickname! I'll call him, 'Roo.'\" \"I don't get it,\" she said. \"Like, a shorter version of, 'Rudolph,\" I explained. \"Oooh,\" she said, giggling. \"What does he call you?\" \"Special,\" I said accidentally. \"What?\" \"Nothing...yet,\" I smiled. A/N: Hello, friends! Thank you sososososo much for being patient for this new chapter! I promise-promise-promise I'll update as much as I can now! New chapters coming almost every day (if not, more) until summer is over. I really appreciate all the nice comments! The next few chapters will all take place in London, where they shot the scenes for Granny Wendy's house. Enjoy![Chapter 11] That night, the cast party ended up being cancelled as a result of Dante contracting the flu. We met again on Monday. Shooting day. I got my makeup and costume on quickly because I was excited to see Amber and Charlie. We would shoot the scenes in chronological order over the course of the next two weeks. We were dressed in coats (which was a good thing because it was the first week of December and freezing outside). The street in front of the house had been blocked off because of shooting. \"Callie!\" Amber said running up to me. \"Did you know that you and Charlie's names start with C?\" she asked as if this were ground-breaking information. My eyebrows shot upward. \"Really?\" I asked. \"I had no idea.\" \"The more you know,\" she told me. I giggled. \"Look at him,\" she said, looking towards Charlie, who was talking to Robin. \"What about him?\" I asked. \"Walkin' around here like he knows everything. I know more than him,\" she said. \"I'm sure you do, Amber,\" I told her, stifling a smile. \"Hey, speaking of you knowing stuff, why do you call him, 'Cup?'\" A question that had been on my mind all weekend. \"I can't tell you that,\" she said. \"Give me one good reason why you can't tell me!\" I said. \"Charlie already gave me twenty good reasons not to tell you,\" she smiled, walking away. It must be embarrassing if he paid her not to tell anyone, and if it's embarrassing, I need to find out! After we shot our scenes, we went to our trailers. I had a mug of hot chocolate as I did my homework. \"Cheryl, how long have you known Charlie?\" I asked. \"I've been his tutor since his first movie, why?\" she asked. \"Has he ever shown signs of anything different? Weird, maybe?\" \"No,\" she replied after thinking for a moment. \"Anything...Cup-worthy?\" I asked. She gave me a weird look. \"Are you feeling okay? Is this another way to try and get out of school work? I've heard it all but I've never heard 'cup-worthy' before,\" she said. \"No, seriously,\" I said. \"Since we got to London, everyone has been calling him Cup. Everyone. And I cannot, for the life of me, find out why!\" \"Just ask Amber,\" she said. \"I tried. He paid her not to say anything.\" \"Ooh. Then it must be bad,\" she said. \"That's what I thought!\" \"Well, I do happen to have my ways around the set,\" she said, dramatically flipping her hair. \"I suppose I could find time to investigate your little 'Cup' situation…\" \"Oh, Cheryl! Thank you so much! It's been bugging me all day!\" \"But, only if you promise to do ALL of your homework,\" she said. \"Deal,\" I promised. She smiled evilly. Oh no. Now she's getting ideas. \"Ya know, I wouldn't mind an autograph from Robin, either,\" she said. I sighed. \"Fine,\" I said. \"Great! I'll see what I can do for ya!\" she said. She grabbed her bag of books and scurried off to someone else's trailer as I got started on my mountain full of homework. As the cup thing ate away at me, bigger issues started to evolve. My dad started calling more. I honestly didn't want to find out why. Later that night, our moms went out again, so we were left babysitting Amber. It was much easier this time because I only had to go find her once before she fell asleep in her bedroom. Charlie and I sat and watched 'Rio' in the living room when my phone rang yet again. \"Who's calling?\" he asked, noticing that it had rang repeatedly before the birds even got to Rio. \"Oh, just my dad,\" I said. \"And you don't wanna answer it?\" he asked. \"Nope,\" I said. \"Mind if I ask why?\" he asked. I thought about this for a moment. My relationship with my dad wasn't something I told everyone about, but for some reason, I thought Charlie would get it. \"He just works all the time. He's never really had time for me or my mom or my sister. They're divorced,\" I said. \"My dad can just be such a…\" I struggled to find the right words. \"Peter Banning?\" he asked. I grinned and nodded. \"Yeah. Peter Banning.\" Then, Charlie did the most unexpected thing ever. He hugged me. It was awkward and brief, but it was still a hug. \"So, um...what's your sister like?\" he asked, trying to make conversation. I put my phone on vibrate and put it in the bathroom. \"I don't really know anymore,\" I said. \"They live in New York. I've been here for the past few months. My dad has custody of her, so even when I lived there, I didn't see her often. I know that she wanted to be an actress, too, but my dad never has time for anyone but himself. I kinda feel bad for her.\" After I said this, there was another awkward silence. I heard a weird noise behind me. I paused the movie and listened. It was the sound of my phone vibrating from the bath tub in the bathroom. Charlie and I looked at each other and burst into laughter. I'm not really sure why, but at that moment, there was just so much to be happy about. Since the night where I told Charlie about my dad, I've felt a big weight lift off my shoulders and it made us better friends, too. But, apparently, still not good enough friends for him to tell me about the 'Cup' thing, so eventually, I gave up. We were on set, shooting the scene where Granny Wendy sits in the fort with Maggie and Hartlyn and reads to them, and Jack stands off to the side with his baseball glove like a buzzkill. \"I have come up with a nickname for you,\" he announced in between takes. \"Really?\" I asked, hiding how excited I was. He nodded. \"Calista,\" he said. \"That's my name, doofus,\" I said. \"I know, but it's special because I know what it means,\" he said. \"What does it mean?\" I asked. \"I looked it up online. It means 'woman of the most beauty.'\" \"Oh. Thanks,\" I smiled and blushed. \"Okay, everyone, back to work!\" Steven called. \"Speed, rolling, ACTION!\" A/N: What are the odds, am I right, guys? I didn't even do the name thing on purpose! I looked it up to see what it meant last night. How convenient. Relevant questions: Will Callie resolve her issues with her dad? Will she find out why Charlie is called 'Cup' (The reason isn't as interesting as you think, I promise. This is just something I threw in for more suspense. lol) AND Will she ever call him Roo? I mean, come on, she hasn't even done it once yet. -_- PS: Should Challie be a thing? I've been wondering since the fanfic started. Should I make them a pair? Does anyone ship it? No? Just me? Okay. Thanks for reading! Seeya in the next chapter! WILL BE POSTED SOON! BANGARANG! XD *Whispers* The story is about half-way finished, and it's too soon to tell, but I may or may not be thinking about a sequel… but you didn't hear it from me![Chapter 12] Our trip to London was half over, so I needed to go sightseeing. I finally came across an off day after we shot the scene where Peter yells at the kids, so mom took me around town. We went to Big Ben, drove past Buckingham Palace, and rode the London Eye. I didn't take any pictures. My mom was too busy doing that. She must've taken a million. After that, we went to a restaurant called, 'Criterion.' \"Why have you been ignoring your father's phone calls?\" She asked me as we sat down at our table in the restaurant. \"I don't know,\" I mumbled. \"He might not be the best father in the world. but he's trying,\" she said. \"I don't care. I've moved on! I don't want to see him ever again!\" I snapped. People started to stare, so I quieted down. My mom didn't want to hear this. That night, she was on her phone a lot. I wondered what she was doing. Was she talking to him? A few days later, I eagerly ran to my trailer to meet Cheryl. \"Did you do your homework?\" she asked. I nodded and showed her my completed worksheets. \"And…\" I sighed and handed her a baseball-Jack's baseball- with Robin's signature on it. She squealed. \"Thankyouthankyouthankyou!\" she said. \"I'll replace the ball before Steven notices it's gone,\" Robin had told me after he'd signed the ball. \"Anything for the educators of today's youth!\" Now, I sat in my trailer, waiting to hear the news. I rubbed my hands together excitedly, but Cheryl didn't talk. She just admired her ball. \"Well?\" I asked. \"Oh, right,\" she said. \"No one was willing to tell me why they call him that.\" \"Oh my gosh…\" I said. She sighed. \"Do you want the ball back?\" \"No, you can keep the ball,\" I said. \"Thanks for trying.\" The mystery continues. \"How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?\" Amber asked that day on set. We about to shoot the scene where we get kidnapped, which was weird because I'd never been kidnapped before. \"Woodchuck cannot, in fact, chuck wood, but assuming they can, I'm sure they would chuck a significant amount of wood,\" I said, trying to sound smart. \"If they can't chuck wood, why are they called woodchucks?\" she asked. \"I dunno,\" I said. After that, we had to lay in our 'beds' and scream and stuff. It was kinda funny, actually. I had to cover up my laughter for most of the shooting. Now, we only had one more scene left to film before we left London. The scene at the very end of the movie, which we'd shoot two days later. After I left my trailer, I found Amber and Charlie talking to each other outside their trailers. I walked up quick enough to hear what they were saying. \"...if a woodchuck could chuck wood?\" Amber was asking. \"A lot,\" Charlie said. \"Hi, Callie!\" \"Hi,\" I said. \"Say it. You know you wanna! Come on, just say it!\" He said. I rolled my eyes, but said it anyway, just to make him happy. \"Hi, Cup.\" \"Really? You asked Cheryl to find out? You are sneaky!\" he said. \"I wanted to find out! It's not fair!\" I whined, sounding like Amber. \"And I will find out! It's my life mission now!\" \"You won't find out!\" he said. \"It's a stupid nickname anyway!\" I said, walking away. The next day, Charlie's mom invited us to go to a museum with her. \"Charles isn't feeling well, so I thought maybe girls would like to go,\" she said to my mom. \"We'd love to, Debra,\" my mom said. I knew Charlie was feeling fine, he just didn't want to go out in public. He liked to stay in his room and study all the time. So, an hour later, we took a limo to the museum of London. My mom and Mrs. Korsmo (Debra, apparently) were talking most of the time, and I just tagged along behind. \"Charles doesn't know if he still wants to be an actor,\" Debra said. This shocked me. \"After how far he's come. His career is just starting! Of course, I'm not going to force him to do something he doesn't want to do. It's kind of ironic, actually. He started acting as a way to get out of doing schoolwork. Now, he loves learning more than anything.\" \"If he doesn't want to be an actor, what does he want to be? Does he have any hobbies?\" my mom asked. \"He plays football, but mostly studies all the time. He used to play baseball and wrestle, and there was one point in his life where he took on cup stacking, but I don't think-\" \"Wait, what did you just say?\" I asked, unsure if I'd heard her correctly. \"Cup stacking...where you stack cups into a neat little pyramid and unstack them again...he was really good at it,\" Debra said. I smiled evilly. Cup stacker? The kids' a cup stacker? Hm… The next day was our last shooting day in London. Before we went to Granny Wendy's house, my mom and I went shopping to look for some stacking cups. Surprisingly, they weren't as hard to find as I thought they would be. When we got to set, I was so excited. I practically ran out of my trailer when my hair and makeup were done. I simply went up to Charlie, handed him the stacking cups we'd bought, said, \"Cup stacker,\" and walked back to my trailer to get my costume on. \"How'd you find out?\" he asked in between takes. \"The powers of your mom,\" I said. He facepalmed. \"You asked my mom?\" \"Nope, but she told me,\" I said. \"Okay, Action!\" Steven called. Dante, Dustin and Bob stood behind the cameras, along with some other Lost Boys. They wanted to see the last scene of the movie being filmed. It was kinda magical. Once I got the stupid 'Cup' thing out of the way, I received more phone calls from my dad, and my mom made me answer them every so often. I was super sad the day we left London. It was such a cool place! But I knew we had to get back to America and finish shooting the rest of the movie. I sat next to Amber on the plane, hoping she'd want to chat, but she slept the whole way home, so I watched a movie and eventually fell asleep as well. When we arrived, my mom seemed even more chipper than ever. I wondered what was going on. As we drove from the airport to the hotel, she sang every song on the radio on the way there. When we arrived at the hotel, I got out of the car and stretched. I stretched my arms upward so that my shirt came up and my stomach was showing. Amber ran by (full of energy once again). \"I see your tummy, Callie!\" She said, before bolting into the hotel. I put my arms down and my stomach was covered once again. Oh, Amber. She's the funniest. My mom could barely contain her joy as we headed upstairs to our room. What was going on? She opened our hotel door, and there he was. My dad. A/N: Sorry the beginning of this chapter was all about the 'Cup' thing. After a while, it kinda got boring, so I just told you guys. :P Hope you are enjoying so far. More twists coming up soon! Thanks for reading! #Challie[Chapter 13] Chapter Thirteen \"Callie!\" he said. He gave me a big hug. \"How was London?\" Camille asked. \"Cammie!\" I yelled. It had been months since I'd seen her. I hugged her. \"London was great. But why are you guys here?\" \"Just figured we'd visit. I haven't seen you in such a while,\" my dad said. \"What about your job?\" I asked. He looked back and forth between my mom and I. \"That can wait,\" he said. \"Oh...Can we go swimming?\" I wanted to change the subject. \"Actually, your father will stay and unpack for us. It's the least he can do, right, Geoff?\" she asked him. He nodded. \"You girls have some fun time. I'll take you all out for dinner tonight,\" he said. \"Okay,\" I said, glad to spend some time with them. By the time we got to the pool, Camille was all caught up with my life. It was like we hadn't even been apart. \"Wanna come to set with me tomorrow?\" I asked. \"Sure!\" she said, excited. Since we're twins, I look exactly like her. It's like looking in a mirror. Our personalities aren't the same, though. She's always been a bit smarter than me. \"Callie! You're phone is buzzing!\" Mom called from our chairs beside the pool. I got out and checked my phone to find a text from Steven. Banning Bonfire on the Beach Tonight at 7. Don't be late :) Dad took us to dinner at around five o'clock, so we were back in time for me to get ready for the bonfire. I put a dress over my bathing suit and Cammy braided my hair. Dad went to bed early so mom and Camille could spend time together. I was sent off to the beach. \"Who's excited to be back to the States?\" Steven asked when I arrived. He seemed even happier than usual. It suddenly occurred to me why. HE KNOWS. Mom must've told him that dad is here. \"MememeME!\" Amber said. \"Someone's excited tonight,\" I noted. \"I HAD TWELVE PIXIE STICKS AND A BIG CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIE,\" Amber said. \"That explains a lot,\" I told her. \"Let's play truth or dare! I'll go first! Dare! I dare me to run into the ocean,\" Amber said. \"I don't think that's how you're supposed to- oh, nevermind. She's already in the water,\" I giggled. \"Hello, friends,\" Charlie said, walking up. \"Hello, Charles,\" I said, imitating his mom. \"Hi, Calista,\" he said, imitating my mom. Amber came up to him and gave him a hug. \"Why are you so cold, Squirt?\" \"I dared myself to go in the ocean. Truth or dare?\" she asked him. \"Truth,\" he said. \"Will you ever cup-stack for us?\" I asked. \"No. Never,\" he said. I laughed. \"Okay, Miss. Giggles. Truth or dare?\" he asked me. \"Truth,\" I said. \"Is it true that you did all of your homework and had Robin sign my baseball just to find out the 'Cup' thing from Cheryl?\" he asked. \"No,\" I lied. \"I signed the baseball,\" Robin intervened. \"How'd you even find out about that?!\" I asked, frustrated. \"I ask her things, too,\" he said. \"Robin signed the ball and gave it away?!\" Steven asked. \"Speaking of Cheryl, did I do my homework today?\" I questioned myself aloud. \"I didn't, but I don't care!\" Amber said, reaching into her beach bag and pulling out another pixie stick. \"Wait, wait,\" Steven was freaking out. \"We no longer have access to Jack's baseball?!\" \"Calm down, Steven, I'm sure Jack will get over it, right, Charlie?\" Caroline asked. \"Well, Peter just gave away the most important thing in Jack's life...so no…\" Charlie said. I held in a laugh as Steven paced about the sand, trying to figure out what to do. \"Steven, it's a baseball. There's a million others like it. I'm sure you'll find one good enough to fit the important role of 'Jack's Baseball,'\" I told him. \"I gotta go make some phone calls,\" Steven said, walking back towards the hotel. \"I'd better go calm him down before I lose my job,\" Robin smiled and walked away. \"I should leave, too. I promised my kids I'd videochat them before I went to bed tonight,\" Caroline said. \"Don't let Amber near the fire.\" Eventually, the fire would die down on it's own, so there was no danger for us to be there alone. We all sat on the sand. \"Truth or dare!\" Amber turned to me. \"Truth,\" I said. \"How many days of the week are there?\" she asked. \"Seven,\" I said. \"Truth or dare?\" she asked Charlie. \"Truth,\" he said. Amber sighed and rolled her eyes. \"You guys are no fun,\" she said. \"Well, you should show us how it's done. Truth or dare?\" I asked her. \"Dare!\" \"I dare you to make snow angels in the sand,\" I said. She did. \"That was fun! But I got sand in my hair,\" I said. I laughed. \"Truth or dare, Callie?\" she asked. \"Dare,\" I took my chances. \"I dare you to kiss Charlie,\" she said. \"Truth,\" I changed my answer. \"OH, come on, I'm not that bad, am I?\" he asked. I sighed and kissed him on the cheek really fast. \"On the lips,\" Amber said. \"Amber!\" \"Otherwise, you have to lick the fire,\" she said. Well, there was only one way to get out of this alive. So, I kissed Charlie Korsmo. Yup. That happened. But don't worry. It was quick. \"Great, now lets get married,\" he joked. After a few minutes, Amber crashed from her sugar high and fell asleep in the sand. \"How's life?\" he asked. \"My dad is here,\" I told him. \"That's great!\" he said. \"I guess.\" \"Wow. I wish my dad would come and visit,\" he said. \"He's in Minneapolis, watching my brothers. He doesn't like watching me act on set. He thinks it's weird, watching me call other people my parents, even though he knows it's not real.\" \"Really?\" I asked. I never thought about it like that. I wondered if my mom felt a little like that when she watched me act. \"Oh, Amber,\" Trinity said, walking up behind us and seeing Amber asleep. She picked up her daughter. \"Come on, kids. Let's get back to the rooms. We should get to sleep. Shooting tomorrow,\" she reminded us. When I got back to the room, my mom and Camille were watching a movie quietly. \"This is your idea of fun?\" I asked them, dropping my beach bag in the middle of the floor. \"What do you suggest we do?\" Camille asked. \"Let's paint each other nails.\" I painted Camille's nails, Camille painted my mom's nails and my mom painted my nails, even though I knew I'd have to have it removed the next day. No nail polish in the movie. I decided on a bright orange color. My mom wanted pink and Camille wanted purple. I loved hanging out with them like we used to. After they dried, my mom turned on the stereo. \"Let's dance!\" mom said. We had a wild dance party, and before I knew it, it was ten o'clock at night. \"Alright, time for bed,\" told me. I woke up at around two in the morning. I had to pee...bad. I got out of bed and walked through the dark to the bathroom. Before I knew it, I was on the floor and pain was shooting up my left leg. \"Callie?\" my mom said, waking up and turning on the light. \"Are you okay?\" she asked when she saw me on the floor. I shook my head. \"I'm fine,\" I lied. I tried to stand up, but failed. It was hurting so bad that some tears fell from my eyes now. My mom came over to me and tried to help me up. \"You can't even stand up. We need to get you to the hospital.\" I had a long night, which resulted in my ankle being broken and my foot being in a cast. We got to set early that morning and Steven freaked out. \"What happened?!\" he asked. \"I tripped over my beach bag last night and twisted my ankle,\" I said. He pinched the bridge of his nose. \"What are we gonna do?\" he asked. \"Callie, I brought you some ice for your ankle,\" Camille said, walking up to me and handing me the ice. \"Thanks,\" I said. Steven looked at Camille and I saw the light bulb go off in his head. Later, Camille and I walked up to Amber and Charlie, who were in costume and ready to shoot. \"Hey Callie,\" Amber said to Camille, who was in my costume. \"Hey...Callie?\" she said to me. \"Wait...what?\" Charlie asked. I could see why they were confused, as there appeared to be two of me. \"This is my twin sister, Camille,\" I said. \"I sprained my ankle, and can't work for a few weeks. Cammie is gonna play Hartlyn for me until I'm better,\" I said. \"You look just like each other,\" Amber noted. \"Callie! You know you are supposed to be careful. How could you just-\" \"Charlie, calm down. Everything is fine,\" I said. Camille looked at me like, 'What's his problem?' He crossed in arms. \"Whatever.\" \"'Kay, kids, let's go!\" Steven called. I stood beside the camera as my sister played my character. I felt a little jealous, but I was happy for Cammie because I could tell she was really happy. \"What was your problem earlier?\" I asked later in Charlie's trailer. We were hanging out and doing schoolwork together. \"I didn't have a problem,\" he mumbled. \"Really? My throbbing ankle would beg to differ.\" \"Okay, I was a little upset. I don't want to do the movie with Camille. I want to do it with you. It's more fun with you. I don't know Camille. I've known you for months,\" he said. It still didn't make sense to me. \"Well, she's just like me. She's smart, so you guys can be nerds together, I guess.\" \"Callie, it's not about getting to know her or making new friends or whatever. It's about you, okay? I like you . Not her,\" he said. He got up and went outside. I felt my eyes widen and my heart beated faster. He likes me? He likes me?! HE LIKES ME!? A/N: Writing this as I watch Hook. Sorry for the infrequent updates. I go to a performing arts school now and it's really hard to keep up with everything, including writing. I'll try to post at least once a week. Enjoy. #Challie ","Summary":" A/N: This story is NOT a fanfiction of the actual movie, it's an OC of the MAKING of the movie, but"},{"Movie":"Hook","Title":"Never, Neverland","Author":"TornSanity","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10208844","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N -Considering that there are few stories on Hook I decided that it could use another. This is my first Hook story and though I had some difficulties, I powered through it and actually finished my story. And I know that it isn't the best or most well written one ever, but I'm semi-proud for just completing it ^_^. Feel free to PM me or review about any concerns or comments that you have. Enjoy~ -TS Name: Rosemary Skyler Banning Age:16 Gender: Female Height: 5'6 Eye color: Blue Hair color:Dark Brown Parents:Peter and Moira Siblings:Jack and Maggie[Chapter 2] Boy, why are you crying?\" My little sister, Maggie, asked the boy who was fake crying on the floor of the stage. She was playing Wendy in the play, Peter Pan, which her school had put on. I watched captivated with my Mother, Father, and younger brother Jack. \"I was crying because I couldn't get my shadow to stick. Besides I wasn't crying\" The boy playing Peter replied. \"I shall sew it on for you, my little man. It may only hurt a little.\" Maggie said sympathetically to the boy. \"What is your name?\" the boy asked her. \"Wendy Moria Angela Darling. What's yours?\" \"Peter Pan\" My mother smiled widely next to me as she watched her youngest daughter, \"Watch your daughter. She's wonderful\" Dad just replied with a simple,\"Yeah\" and continued to look forward. Mom turned slightly to look at him, \"She's stealing the show\" before snapping her head back to the stage. Maggie was now standing in front of the boy and said quietly, \"I think it's perfectly sweet of you\" Her teacher called in a hushed voice, \"Louder!\" and she repeated, almost shouting, \"I think it's perfectly sweet of you. I shall give you a kiss if you like.\" The boy extended his hand with a broad smile. She stared confused, \"Don't you know what a kiss is?\" \"I shall once you give one to me.\" The boy urged his hand toward her once more. Maggie brought out a thimble, admiring it on her finger, before pressing to the boy's palm. The boy put the thimble on his finger next, twisting it in all directions,\"Now I shall give you a kiss\" Maggie rose from her chair, puckering her lips up at the boy. He then in turn put the thimble back in her hand, making her stare down at the metal object. I heard Jack laugh lightly from his spot on my left. \"I don't ever want to become a man. Yuck!\" The boy assumed his carefree position with his fists resting on his hips. \"I always want to be a little boy and to have fun\" The song started up and the children began to dance and sing with it. It was when my dad's phone rang that the smile completely dropped from my face. Mom, Jack, and I all looked at him with shocked expression's that he could still take work calls even at a priceless performance by his daughter. \"Brad. Yea, I'm at my daughter's play.\"He told his coworker, sliding down in his chair as if he wasn't interrupting everyone around him. Mom tried to focus on the play, speaking softly, \"Peter you're missing it\". He continued to talked in a hushed voice about scheduling a meeting with the board tomorrow. I felt my heart sink at the thought. Tomorrow was Jack's big baseball game, and dad had promised to show up. I looked over to Jack shoving his baseball towards my dad, \"Dad, my game, you promised.\" Dad looked a bit put out as he talked into the phone, \"Listen, it's my son's big game. Last game of the season. Santa serves, I gotta be there. I promised. So, we'll make it a short meeting.\" He turned to Jack, \"I'll be word is my bond\" Jack just looked down to his lap, turning the baseball in his hands. So, I have more written, but I wanted to test the waters with the first chapter. Please please tell me how it was. Did you love it, hate it? PM or Review. Any suggestions are welcomed as are any concerns, questions, or comments. -TS[Chapter 3] Although Jack's games weren't exactly my favorite things to go to, I had never missed a single one. I had a thing against the raw competitive nature of the game, but loved to watch my brother as he did the thing he loved. I sat between mom and Maggie, drifting off into my own thoughts from time to time. Jack's team was out in the field. I saw mom look around, she sighed, \"Where is your father? He's missing it\" Maggie took a large bite out of her hot dog, \"Daddy'll be here he promised\" We watched for some time in silence before Maggie spoke up once more, \"Where is Daddy?\" Dad still hadn't shown up, but then again, I didn't really expect him to. I was surprised to see him even go to Maggie's play. He rarely even looked our way. I sighed and dropped my chin into my hands, thinking back to all of those art competitions of mine he had missed years ago. After so many times I had just given up hope of him ever showing up. Eventually, I even gave up my artwork, the disappointment finally taking a toll in my daily life. His work came first, every time. When Jack was up to bat, a man ran up behind us and went to stand next to mom, \"Hi, , I'm from the office. Which one's your son?\" She pointed down to Jack and watched as the man thanked her and whipped out his video camera and started recording. I had to close my eyes for a moment when I saw Jack look back at the man that was standing in dad's place. Jack took his stance and mom started muttering, \"Please don't throw a curve-ball, please don't throw a curve-ball.\" The pitcher drew his arm back and threw the ball. Jack swung with all his power, but missed the ball. The referee was quick to end the game and everyone quickly filed off to celebrate or in silent defeat. And that was that. Jack lost the big game. I know, short chapter. Sorry for that. I promise next time it will be long enough to make up for this one :). Please review, fav, or follow -TS[Chapter 4] We were boarded on a plane to London, to visit Grandma Wendy. I was in the seat by the window, dad to my right in the seat two away from me. He was gripping the seat tightly, nerves flowing through his body as his knuckles turned white. Maggie returned to the seat inbetween us with a notebook in hand. \"Look at what Jack drew\" She showed dad the crayon drawing that Jack drew of our plane. The wings of it were on fire and it was crash landing into an ocean. \"That's very nice dear, what's that?\" He pointed to one of the wings. \"Fire\" she said. \"Fire really? Is that our plane\" He poked at the drawing again. \"Yep\" she replied. \"And who are all of these people?\" Dad asked her. \"That's Jack. That's me. That's Rosemary. That's Mommy. And that's-And that's you.\" She pointed to each person as she identified them. \"Where's my parachute?\" Dad asked looking slightly put out. I scoffed quietly, \"Is that even a question\" Before dad could scold me, Mother popped over the seat in front of us, clearing her throat. Dad shot me a disapproving look, then resumed his uptight position in his chair,\"I'm not gonna make it to my next birthday\" He told her. \"You're not gonna die without a phone and fax machine.\" She replied. \"I'm halfway there, I got the phone in the suitcase.\" He retorted. \"Talk to him.\" She stated gently before sinking back to her seat. I remained quiet as dad whisked away to talk to Jack, only shaking my head as he left. \"It's been a long time\" Dad said as we got to Granny Wendy's house in London. \"Let's have fun Peter. London is a magical place for children. It was for us.\" Mom said to dad. I snorted at the consideration that dad even knew what the word fun meant. Mom started to climb the staircase of one side to the door and dad took the other, wrong set of stairs. \"Peter, it's number fourteen.\" Mom called out to him. \"Oh. fourteen.\" he said. correcting his direction. \"Jack get down from there, you'll break your neck.\" Dad scolded my brother, grabbing Jack's arms and pulling him off from where he had been standing on the snow covered railing. Maggie trotted up to the door next to mom and looked up at her,\"Is Granny Wendy the really,real Wendy from the play?\" \"Yes, of course\" \"No Honey, Not really\" Mom and dad answered her at the same time. I rolled my eyes at dad's half empty glass look at the world. \"Jackie, don't slouch\" He grabbed Jack's scarf and yanked him up right, \"And spit that gum out\" \"It's time to look our best. Remember dears first impressions are the most important. Rosemary, don't roll your eyes at me.\" He said as he eyed my face. He knocked on the door, \"Remember you are in England, the land of good manners.\" I glared at him dully when the door cracked open, revealing Uncle Toodles. \"Uncle Toodles\", dad greeted. \"Its snowing!\" Uncle Toodles exclaimed as he slammed the door in our faces. Jack burst out laughing and began to choke on his gum that he didn't spit out. I slapped him on the back harshly until he stopped choking. The door opened once more, this time Liza standing in the doorway. And when she saw us she started to scream, which caused Dad to scream, and then Mom joined in. \"Oh, look at these adorable children!\" Liza gushed as she motioned to the three of us. \"It's good to see you again, uh L-Libby, Li-Linda, L-Lisa!\" Dad stammered. \"Liza\" she stated before beginning to scream again. \"I said that\" Dad said. \"Granny Wendy will be right down\" She informed before pulling Jack and I into a hug that was more comparable to a choke hold than a hug. Jack and Maggie began to sift through the presents under the bright Christmas tree in the livingroom. From across the room I could hear Uncle Toodles muttering, \"Lost, Lost, Lost\" \"Lost what?\" Dad asked. \"I've lost my marbles\" Toodles replied one hundred percent serious. I could hardly contain my snicker of amusement. I tried to make this one a bit longer for you guys :) Please review or Pm me if you have any requests or concerns. I'd love to know what you thought. I hope to update again soon -TS[Chapter 5] \"Hello Boy\" I swung my head toward the staircase, where Granny Wendy stood. \"Hello Wendy\" Dad replied. Granny Wendy came down the stairs as Mom told her, \"I told you i'd get him here Gran\" \"Sorry it's been so long between visits\", Dad said, not sounding very sorry at all. \"It's been ten years between visits. Oh, nevermind. Come give me a squench\" She said giving dad a hug. \"Oh Moira, Moira. My Moira\" She pulled mom in for a hug as well, and spotted Maggie. \"This, This lovely lady can't be Maggie.\" She said, grasping her hand and looking down at her. \"Yes it can. And you know what Great Grandma? I just played you at school\" Maggie told Granny Wendy. \"Oh, and don't you just look the part! Can this giant be Jack? You've grown in a year.\" She said to Jack as Maggie went back over to Mom. \"I'm supposed to tell you about, Congratulations for opening.. the orphan hospital and how... great the dedication is...And- yeah.\" He said awkwardly as he tried to sound mature. \"Thank you so very much\" Wendy said as Jack went over to Maggie. \"This young lady is too old to be my little Rosie.\" She said as she looked me over. \"I can't believe it myself sometimes\" I said as I smiled wide and leaned into her embrace. \"You look lovely. Is that a new dress?\" Out of habit I looked down at my white sweater dress, as if I couldn't remember what I had put on this morning. I grinned and nodded excitedly when I finally looked back up at her. She grew serious and looked at us all. \"Now, there is one rule that must be obeyed while you are in my house.\" She explained, \"No growing up, stop this very instant. And that includes you Mr. Chairman-Of-The-Board-Banning.\" \"Sorry too late Granny\" Dad chuckled. \"And what is so terribily important about your terribly important business?\" Granny Wendy asked him. Jack jumped up and started going on how when ever there was a problem dad sailed in and blew them out of the water. Dad attempted to explain his view on his own business, feeling that Jack was exaggerating. \"So, Peter, You've become a pirate.\"Granny Wendy said, wistful look in her eye. \"Peter!\" Mom yelled. \"What?\" Dad asked. \"Brad's on the line. He says it's urgent\" she replied. I was placed at the corner of the hall, just feet away from the room that Dad approached, quickly dismissing Granny Wendy when she asked for his opinon on her dress. We exchanged a worried look when Jack and Maggie ran laughing by us, entering the same room that dad just went in. I could here them yelling and playing. And finally dad lost it, \"Will everybody just SHUT UP!\" My eyes closed tightly, trying to not hear what he was saying anymore. Mom ushered the two out of the room and into Granny's arms before she went back in. They looked hurt as she too them to the nursery, promising to do something with them before she had to leave to her celebration for the orphan hospital.[Chapter 6] I was sitting on one of the beds in the nursery, watching Wendy tell Maggie the stories of the first fairies. I smiled as I thought back to when she first told me that story. I was young at the time, maybe only 4 or 5 years old. Jack had just been born and we had come to England to let Wendy meet her Great-grandson. I wasn't happy at first, like most children who get their first sibling. I thought mom and dad would forget about me, ignore me for the new baby. But Wendy had pulled me to the side when my parents went to go put Jack down for a nap. She brought me to this same room, and read the story of fairies and Peter Pan. And every time we visit she still uses the phrase, \"Never grow up.\" Jack stood in front of the open window, smacking his baseball glove with his hand. \"But Jack says You're not the really, real Wendy\" Maggie told Granny. \"Ah, Well, you see where Jack is?\" She asked. Maggie looked over at Jack and nodded. \"Well, that is the same window and this is the same room where we made up stories about Peter and Neverland and scary old Captain Hook. And do you know, -Well, Sir James- our neighbor he loved our stories so much that he wrote them all down in a book, oh, dear me, 80 years ago.\" Granny Wendy explained. Maggie looked up at her, \"You're really old\" \"That's very true\" she said as she turned the page of the book that rest in between her and Maggie. It was then that I noticed dad creep around the sheet fort that hid the two girls,\"I'm sorry I have to break this up but I have to steal Granny Wendy or she'll be late for the most important event of her life.\" \"Oh, dear\" said Granny Wendy as Dad helped her to stand up again. Maggie jumped up quickly, hands behind her back, \"Daddy, I made something for you. You're gonna love this. It's a hug. Next time you fly you won't have to be scared\", she pulled a pink bag from behind her back. I let out a small huff of air that represented a small laugh. Granny Wendy turned to dad,\"She's made you a parachute.\" Dad approached Maggie, \"That's very clever, dear.\" He was sidetracked by his son, \"Jack, get away from there. What have I told you about open windows?\" He pulled Jack away,\" Keep this window closed. I've told you this a hundred times. Do we have open windows at home?\" Jack walked to his bed, stating on the way,\"No, they've all got bars on them\" Granny Wendy walked over to Jack , \"Come on, into bed.\" Jack rolled into his bed, glove resting next to his head. He got onto his knees, looking under his pillow,\"Who took my baseball?\" Maggie sat up in her bed, \"That mean, scary man at the window stole it.\" Dad went over to her,\"There's no scary man.\" She looked up at him with innocent eyes,\"But he says he's a window washer.\" Both children lay back down and Wendy grabbed Jack's baseball glove. \"What is this?\" \"This is a baseball glove\", Jack explained, \"You can catch things with it, take hot things out of the oven, or hit your sister with it\" Dad went to tuck Maggie in when she shoved a paper flower in his face,\" Tootles made it for me. It smells nice\" Dad looked unconvinced, \"It's paper, honey\" I scoffed at dad's complete lack of imagination. Dad made his way over to Jack's bed, where Jack tried to fake sleep to avoid talking to him. I saw dad give Jack a pocket watch, a last ditch effort to get Jack to forgive him for the missed game. All three adults wished the children a goodnight and Granny Wendy said to me while passing, \"Watch over them Rosemary. Make sure nothing happens.\" And then she left. I know, I know. Long chapters...Not my thing. But I'm working on it. Tell me what you think -TS[Chapter 7] The door of the window rattled as the wind outside sped up. I walked slowly to the door, the eerie feeling raising my nerves to dangerous levels. Before I could make it there, they lock flung out of it's place, the doors opening wide, allowing the cold blasts of air inside, blowing the dark hair out of my face and streaming behind me. The trinkets above Jack and Maggie's beds spun wildly and Jack pulled the covers over his head. Mist blew in with the wind and suddenly Maggie and Jack's covers flew off their bodies. Both children screamed and I searched wildly for something, anything that was causing this. I heard things breaking and scratching on the painted walls. I could hear Liza screaming from the first floor and the room was beginning to fog, making it hard to see. I tried desperatly to see Maggie or Jack. I ran to the beds, searching for my younger siblings. \"Jack? Maggie?\" I called to the dark room. The night lights on the walls had bursted, sending shards of glass onto the floor. I heard a cold laugh and felt a dizziness consume me. I collapsed onto the floor, a shard of glass from the light cutting deeply into my forearm. The last thing I could see was the shined, polished shoe that landed in front of my face before I blacked out. \"Wake up\" I heard it as if it was miles away, it echoed through my ears. \"Come on, girly\" As I gained my senses back I could tell that it was actually closer than I had thought, and could now feel the noticable rocking of the surface underneath me. My eyes fluttered slightly, not wanting to fully open just yet. I inhaled a large amount of air and cracked my eyes open enough to where I could see the man that stood infront of me. I groaned, throwing my head back and opening my eyes, casting a heated glare at the bearded man that was before me. He smiled deviously, showing off his yellowing teeth. He was a bit round in the middle, with circular glasses covering his eyes. His gray facial hair made me assume that he was quite old. \"See? Wasn' so hard, now was it?\" He turned his back to me and fiddled around on a table on the opposite side of the room. I took the time to analyze my surrondings. Wooden floors and walls, only one small porthole window in the entire room. The rocking was still there, clearly not only an affect of the dizziness. There was one door leading out of the room and the table was the only piece of furniture, aside from the chair that I was in. My hands were tied together behind my back, as well as my feet that were bound together. I felt panic rise in me. \"Where are my brother and sister?\" The man turned back to me, hands clasped behind his back,\"Nothin' to worry about. They are safe and sound\" As he finished his sentence, the single door creaked open. In it's frame a taller man stood, curly black hair falling past his shoulders. He wore a red overcoat and a large hat. Also, he had a mustache that curled at the ends, something that would have made me laugh had it been in any other circumstance. The round man bowed his head to the other,\"Captain\" The man ignored him, striding into the room and coming to a halt infront of me. He didn't say anything for a while, just looking, observing. Then he finally made eye contact,\"What's your name girl?\" I leaned back as far as I could in my wobbly chair, staying away from the strange captain,\"Rosemary\" He made a small noise and continued,\"Well Rosemary. I must say, you look a good bit like your father when he was young. And alot like your brother.\" My eyes widened at the statement,\"What have you done with my brother?\" He smirked cruelly and approached the other man in the room,\"Oh nothing yet. But I'm here to let you know that your father will not be saving you. Why, he has already abadoned your younger siblings.\" I felt the fury rush through my body, \"Liar!\" He turned sharply, grin on his face, \"Smee saw the whole thing. Your daddy is gone off without you\" Smee nodded eagerly, smilling. I growled, digging my nails into my hands. The Captain stepped closer once more, mocking smirk on his face, \"No one is saving you today\". In the spur of the moment, I drew back my secured feet, and slammed then hard into his stomach. He wheezed patheticlly, dropping to his knees on the floor. He took a moment to compose himself, breathing heavily, before yelling a Smee,\"Let us make her an example for the others. Get her off this ship!\" Smee lost his jolly expression and scuttled foward, roughly grabbing me and tossing me over his shoulder like a sack of flour. The Captain followed moments after, trailing until we made it to the side of the ship. The ship's crew was now gathering, even more when Smee set me on my feet. \"Rosie!\" \"Rosemary!\" My eyes widened as I looked up near the mast, where a net hung, holding Jack and Maggie. They both struggled in their confines, reaching out to me. \"Jack! Maggie!\" I yelled as Smee summoned two men, one of which grabbed my feet and at the same time the other got ahold of my arms. I twisted and squirmed, but to no avail. They swung once and released me over the side of the large ship. I fell through the air and eventually hit the ocean water hard, still hearing the muffled screams of my siblings. I'm not sure if I exactly captured Hook and Smee, but I tried my best. Please tell me what you think. If you didn't like how I portrayed the two pirates...don't worry. They aren't going to be back for a while :) The more reviews or messages I get for comments, tips, or concerns, the faster I'll post another chapter. Until next time~ -TS[Chapter 8] I thrashed in the water, sinking like a rock. I strained my fingers as I worked at the knot of the ropes on my wrists, lungs burning from holding my breath. The cable began to loosen and eventually my hands broke free, immediately going to work on the binds on my ankles. It was much easier than the first time and they slipped off within a few seconds. I struggled to swim to the surface, beginning to lose my sense of direction. I broke through the water, gasping in the air. I panted and fought to stay afloat, trying to catch sight of any land to swim to. I searched the horizon for several minutes, before finally deciding to go North, or at least what I thought was North. By the time I saw the tops of the trees over the tall waves, my arms and legs were straining painfully. Each and every movement was agony. I battled to continue moving, convincing myself that it was for the greater good. My effort paid off in the end when I finally was able to step on the sandy beach of the island. I took a seat farther up on the land so the water would no longer hit me, examining my condition. I still had the scabbed cut on my arm from the glass in the nursery as well as a new gash on my left leg, which was a result of swimming a bit too close to a broken bottle that took residence on the sea floor. I sighed as I saw all of the holes and slashes in my dress and tights. After a good bit of time spent sulking, I finally stood up, wincing as I put pressure on the wounded leg. I began to walk inland, passing thickets of palm trees. I traveled up at a steep slope, nearly loosing my foothold on the ground a few too many times. \"Pick em' up! Pick em' up! Move em' down! Move em' down! Pick em' on up! Pick em' on up! Move em' on down! Move em' on down!\" I looked around, confused as I heard the chanting. I spun in circles, suddenly glad that I was alone because I must have looked ridiculous. I ran up further in the trees to look for the source. Up ahead, I saw a bridge that was alongside of a tall hill, with a line of boys walking along it, singing the song I was hearing before. Most of the boys were young, no older than 7 or 8 years old. With an exception of one, who was three times the size of all of them. He had a small boy on his back and was running with the others. I let out a choked cry when I fully realized who this man was. It was my dad, Peter Banning. I sprinted closer to the bridge, a little ahead of the group. \"Dad!\" The bunch stopped moving and singing, looking around puzzled. Sadly none thought to look down and were all just looking side to side, even though there was no way a person could possibly be dangling in the air next to them. I sighed dramatically and tried again, \"Dad! Down here!\" He got it right this time and looked down off the bridge, eyes widening in realization, \"Rosemary!\" He then dropped the kid off of his back, and ended up dangling off of the rope bridge, dropping himself on the ground in front of me. I snorted at his idea as he jumped up faster than I thought he ever could, and pulled me tightly into his arms. He held me there for the longest time before letting me go, \"I'm so glad you are okay, Rose.\" He looked happy for once in his life. Although he was sweating and tired, he was relieved. The boys from the bridge had all reappeared from the trees behind dad, all very confused and wary. \"Who's the girl?\" One of the boy's asked. Dad laughed and looked toward him, \"My daughter\" A small boy with wild brown curls, inched closer to me, looking up with wide eyes. He grabbed my hand and pulled downward, making me get onto my knees to be at his height. He began to look, turning my head in different directions, and running his tiny hands over my face, as he did this the other boys began to gather around us, one picking at my hair, and another looking close at my face. \"She kinda looks like he did before.\" One stated from behind me. \"They got the same eyes\", Another said that was next to me. \"Are you really Peter Pan's kid?\" The boy with curls asked. My eyebrows furrowed, swinging my gaze to Dad, who stood back slightly. He looked back at me, tilting his head side to side in an apprehensive manner. I went back to the child,\"Yes I am\" The boys started back up where they had left off, making Dad run around the island. I followed behind them, carrying Too Small, the curly haired child, on my hip. \"Ain't no time to celebrate! Ain't no time to celebrate! You are old and overweight! You are old and overweight! Gotta lose a million pounds! Gotta lose a million pounds!\" When we arrived at their camp, they immediately began to make dad do toe touches. Two boys did them as well beside him, but dad couldn't reach like they could. Multiple other boys had joined to watch the show, few casting strange looks at me, which was understandable considering there were only boys at this place. A small, bright light whizzed around my head, making me close my eyes for a moment to prevent the nausea. It stopped in front of my face, appearing to be a small woman, a fairy. She smiled and let out a small giggle,\" So, you're Peter's daughter. I was hoping I'd get to meet you soon.\" I gave a smile in return to the pixie, letting the small, dark-skinned boy, Pockets, back onto the ground. He followed the mass of boys that herded Dad on to their next exercise. The pixie fluttered her wings, \"I'm Tinkerbell. Or Tink for short\" She then flew around me again, noticing my torn clothing and dried blood. New chapter up, yay~ Make sure to tell me what you think of it. Any suggestions or ideas are welcome ^_^. And sorry for the delay, school work and trying to sort out some of my relationships. But here we are now! SO I hope you enjoy it. Pm or Review! -TS[Chapter 9] Tink and I eventually caught up with the group, Dad was running again, swinging his arms around and two kids on his feet as leg weights. Rain was pouring down on him and boys were sitting around under trees to keep dry. I stood under a tree away from the scene, not willing to get my now dry clothes wet once more. Tink had equipped me with new clothing, and by that I mean she threw it in my face and demanded that I try it on. I had a loose, red shirt with black lining, it was long-sleeved and tightened where it ended just below my ribs. I also had black pants on and matching red knee high boots. I found myself constantly putting my hand on my stomach, all too aware that it was completely exposed. \"Rosemary!\" I searched the crowd for the one who screamed my name, finding Too Small waving from across the area. I edged my way over, staying under cover the entire time. Once I made it to him, I sat down and he crawled into my lap, smiling and watching Dad once more. To my left was a boy who looked to be my age. He was staring at a sword that he had in his hands. His black hair stuck up and had three red stripes in it. He was tanned and dressed in reds and blacks and had an long earring in his left ear. He spared a look at me, unhappy expression not changing, \"Who are you?\" I saw Too Small crane his head back to look up at me when I answered, \"Rosemary Banning\" The young child smiled gleefully,\"She's Pan's daughter!\" The older boy's brows drew together, looking from me, to dad, to me again. He stared in my eyes for a moment before I broke the gaze nervously,\"I'm Rufio\" he said, then got up quickly as the cluster of boys moved again. We were now in the snow and Dad was trying to run while dodging the multiple snowball fights that were happening. As he ran by, a stray snowball hit in directly in the face., making him stumble slightly. Rufio came over and let out a loud crow. It was now time for battle training. Rufio and Dad stood in the middle of an arena, each holding a sword. Boys cheered them on. Rufio walked in a circle, holding his sword in the air and the boys on that side yelled loudly. He than turned back to dad, \"Alright, Gramps. Give it your best shot\" \"Rufio's only trying to help, Peter. Listen. Learn\" Tink said from her spot. \"I really don't want to hurt you\" Dad said as he lunged his sword towards Rufio, but he spun out of the way and cut one of Dad's suspenders. \"Watch his skin! He don't have armor on!\" Yelled Ace. \"Be Bangerang, Old man\" Rufio said before he let out a war cry, dad mimicked it, before trying once more to jam Rufio with the sword. Rufio, once again, twirled out of the way and cut the other suspender, making dad's pants fall down around his ankles. I couldn't help but to laugh along with the other's. The boys decided to end the sword lesson and shifted over to flying. We all sat around a big pool of color and the boys were all holding up posters of happy thoughts. \"Just one happy thought, All you need is one happy thought and it'll make you fly\" Tink said from next to dad. Dad sat in a giant slingshot the boys made, jumping happily in his sitting position,\"I got it, I got it! Not being in a slingshot would make me very happy!\" During his thought process, I was next to Rufio, behind Dad. Rufio took his sword and cut the rope that was holding the slingshot, and sent dad into the air. I started to laugh, trying to stifle it when dad went up-\"He's going up, He's going up!\"-and dropped back down-\"He's coming down!\"-into the pool. I hurried to the edge, looking down to see if he was alright. I couldn't tell if it was more disgusting as his landing made all the colors mesh together into an unattractive brown or amusing to see him covered in the unknown substance. The boys fished Dad out of the liquid, and ran off to get him cleaned off. I stood on the edge of the short cliff that the slingshot was on, looking down thoughtfully. Will dad be able to do any of this? Is he really Peter Pan? All of the boys had left, except Rufio. He got up and went to stand next to me, \"Are you ok?\" I pushed the hair out of my face, nodding,\"Yea...Yea I'm fine\" Rufio didn't look convinced and put his hand on my shoulder. Brown looked into blue deeply and I felt my face heat up. Rufio gave a small smile,\"You can tell me...I know we just met, but you can trust me\" I looked away from him and directed my gaze onto the color pool below. Even in the silence, his hand never moved off and started to twirl some of my black hair around his index finger. \"I'm just...just scared..and worried.\", I grabbed his hand and slowly lowered it back to his side, trying not to offend him in any way. My fingers slide off his hand and clutched the fabric that covered my other arm. I heard the leaves crunch under his boot as he took a step in front of me,\"Scared of what?\" I clenched my eyes closed as my emotions ran wild,\"Hook. What he'll do to Maggie and Jack.\" I looked at him with all of my fears flowing out,\"I was supposed to protect them. I'm their older sister, they look to me for these things and I can't save them. I can't do anything for them.\" I felt like I could just throw myself at the nearest object and cry, but the two nearest objects were the ground and Rufio, and I don't think I felt comfortable with either of those options. I could feel the boy looking at me, as if his own eyes were burning into my skull. Before I could register what was happening, I got a face full of fabric. Rufio's arms were securd tightly around my shoulders and was holding me to his chest. I couldn't hold it back anymore and the tears flowed freely down my cheeks, soaking into his jacket. If it weren't for the shaking of my shoulders he probably wouldn't have even known that I was crying. My hands let go of my sleeves and clutched the material on his back. The moment lasted for ten minutes, maybe longer, as I ridded myself of my sorrow and worries. Eventually, my sobs calmed and I focused on regaining my breathing. My grip on his shirt loosened and I spaced myself from him. I used my sleeve to dry my face,\"Im so sorry, I didn't mean to do that.\" His shirt and jacket had splotches on it from my tears, but he only smiled and put his hand back on my shoulder. \"It's ok. Listen to me Rosemary; Don't beat yourself up over what is happening. Your dad is doing all of this just to save your brother and sister, and get you all back to your home. You aren't useless here. You showing up motivated your dad more. You're gonna get them back.\" I couldn't help but to laugh happily in relief. I didn't remove his hand this time, I enjoyed the comfort. \"Thank you, Rufio\" A/N- Yes. I know I have been very slow to update recently, really sorry about that. But I'm back now :) I hope you enjoyed this chapter and hopefully soon the next one will come. Please tell me what you thought ^_^ Until next time -TS[Chapter 10] The sun was beginning to set when Rufio and I made our way down to dinner. It was on a lower level of the camp and was a large table connected to another lower level that must have been the kitchen, judging by the steam and boys with covered pans and bowls going in and out. Boys piled in, taking a place at the long table. Rufio stopped suddenly before making his way to the table and tapped my arm, motioning me to come closer. I stood next to him, looking curiously at him. He put his mouth to my right ear and whispered,\"I need you to believe. Use your imagination. Be creative.\" I blinked at him several times not saying anything. We watched as dad appeared and a look of pure happiness and hunger took over his face. He dived into his seat and grabbed two spoons. \"No, no. We don't use them.\" Latchboy told dad. \"Then why do you have them?\" Dad asked confused. \"We have them so we don't have to use them.\" He said, throwing his hands up in the air. Thudbutt sat down next to Latchboy, making the bench tip towards him and all of the boys on the bench slid down toward him. \"Don't crowd me!\" Thud said getting up and relocating to the middle of the bench. Rufio only smirked and pushed off of the wall that he was on and went to sit next to Thud, and I went next to dad across the table. Everyone put their hands together over their plates,\"Everybody say Grace\" Rufio said. \"Bless this Lord-\"Dad began, but was interrupted by the boys loud, \"Grace!\" All of the Lost Boys snagged the lids off of the covered meals, waving the steam away. Every boy grabbed at the bowls...Which had nothing in them. I watched hands grab things that weren't there and scoop their bowls into air. They started to eat, holding invisible items and munching away at it. I tilted my head, but remembered what I was told when Rufio gave me a pointed look. I closed my eyes tightly, thinking, imagining, believing, hoping that whatever it is the boys could see, that I would be able to as well. I opened my eyes and smiled widely. Instead of air, everyone was eating something. The table was covered in meats, stews, yams, breads, fruits, colorful pies and cakes, and everything looked amazing. I caught Rufio's eye and saw the look of pride in it before digging in like everyone else. Dad sat look of desire and confusion of his face. He looked like he would cry when Thud bit into a large sandwich that he held. I could see Tink in her lantern that hung above the table, she looked at dad expectantly and said,\"Eat\" \"What's the deal? Where's the real food?\" Dad asked her. She continued to eat and explained,\"If you can't imagine yourself being Peter Pan, then you won't be Peter Pan, so eat up!\" \"Eat what ,there's nothing here...Gandhi ate more than this.\" He looked more and more irritated as time went on. \"Don't you remember? This used to be your favorite game.\" Tink said. Dad hissed,\"Forget the games. I want some real food, I want steak, eggs, coffee-\" \"He can't! Eat your heart out you crinkled, wrinkled, fart-bag!\" Rufio shouted at him and threw his plate at him. \"You're a very ill-mannered young man, you know that?\" Dad informed Rufio. \"You're a slug eating worm!\" the boy insulted again. \"Come on you can do better than that!\" Tink said. \"I can't believe you are encouraging this\" Dad said to her. \"Yeah, Yeah. Show me your fast ball, dust brain. You paunchy ,sag-bottom, puke-pot!\" Rufio taunted. Then the Lost Boys began to cheer on, \"Bangerang, Rufio!\" \"You are a very poor role model for these boys. You know that?\"Dad told Rufio. The boys all imitated a bomb whistling and exploding. \"I bet you don't even have a fourth grade reading level\" He finished. \"Hemorrhoidal suck navel\" Rufio countered. \"Maybe a fifth grade reading level.\" dad said nervously. Once again the boys made the noise. I sighed and dropped my head into my hands. Boys \"Boil dripping, beef fart smelling, bubble butt!\" Rufio shouted. \"Bangerang Rufio!\" The boys yelled again. \"Someone has a severe ca-ca mouth, you know that?\" Dad scolded. Rufio was standing now,\"You are a fart factory. Slug-slime, sack of rat guts and cat vomit. Cheesy, scab-picked, pimple-squeezing, finger bandage. A week old maggot burger with everything on it and flies on the side!\" All of the boys groaned and had looks of disgust on their faces, even I pushed my plate away with my elbow. Then dad stood looking determined. \"Substitute Chemistry teacher.\" Dad said plainly. \"Mung Tongue\" Rufio said. \"Math Tudor\" Dad replied \"Pinhead\" Rufio said back. \"Prison Barber\" \"Mother Lover\" \"Nearsighted gynecologist\" \"In your face, camel cake\" \"In your rear, cow derriere\" \"Lying, crying, spying, ultra-pig!\" \"You lewd, crude, rude, bag of pre-chewed food dude\" \"Bangerang Peter!\"Thud yelled. Rufio broke at the sound of someone outdoing him, \"You-You man! You stupid, stupid man!\" \"Rufio, if I'm a maggot burger, why don't you just eat me! You two-toned zebra-headed, slime-coated, pimple farming paramecium brain, munchin' on your on mucus, suffering from Peter Pan envy!\" Dad carried on. My eyes widened at the situation as Don't Ask spoke up,\"What's a paramecium brain?\" \"I'll tell you what a paramecium is! That's a paramecium! It's a one-celled critter with no brain, that can't fly! Don't mess with me man, I'm a lawyer!\" Dad yelled, sitting back back quickly. The boys starting chanting, \"Banning, Banning, Banning is Bangerang!\" Rufio started to panic,\"Rufio, Rufio!\" He tried. Dad grabbed one of the spoons and scooped it into the bowl in front of him, \"Oh Rufio, why don't you go suck on a dead dog's nose\" then he flicked it in Rufio's direction. The brightly colored food hit Rufio in the face and Dad looked in shock at his spoon. The boys began to praise dad for finally playing with them and the eating continued. Rufio stormed off to the wall on the other side of the area, crossing his arms. I took a look around at the feasting boys before standing , grabbing a cloth from the table and walking over to Rufio. I leaned on the wall next to him, staring directly at him, \"Looks like someone is pouting.\" He scowled angrily, refusing to look at me,\"I'm not pouting\" I gave a sarcastic,\"Sure you aren't\" before taking the cloth and wiping the remaining food that Rufio had missed off of his face. Moments later, Thud threw a handful of the bright food into dad's face, thus starting the food fight. Brightly colored food was beign flung by everyone, covering everyone but Rufio and I. Dad jumped up onto the table and was pelted by everyone. Rufio walked forward and before I could do or say anything grabbed a coconut -\"Hey Pan the Man, Catch This!\"- and threw it hard at dad. \"Peter, look out!\" Tink warned dad. A lost boy tossed dad a sword, which he caught, spun around and cut the coconut in half before it could hit him. Everyone went silent, staring up at him with smiles. Dad looked shell-shocked and dropped the sword onto the table. I cleared my throat and clapped my hands loudly,\" Everyone, go get clean up before bed\" The boys all groaned, but shuffled off like they were told. Even dad got off of the table and followed behind the pack. Rufio, however, didn't move, his head drooped downward. I stepped toward him slowly, hand reaching out,\"Rufio?\" He spun around on his heel to face me, making my hand draw back from him. His rage drained from his eyes and he was breathing heavily. My hand landed on his cheek gently. I watched as he took a deep breath and released it slowly before grabbing my hand off of his face, but keeping it in his own, pulling me along as he started to walk to one of the exits. \"Where are we going?\" I asked him. He just laughed a bit,\"Showing you where you'll be sleeping\" Rufio had showed me the way to a small area with a bundle of pillows and blankets that sat in the middle. I could see the other boys settling into their beds that were a distance from mine, in various different structures that hung from the tree and had bridges that attached us all together. I got a clear view of Neverland and I could hardly believe I was here now. For once, I felt at home. A/N: I can't believe it's almost over :'( Only about two more chapters guys. I have no clue what I'm going to do after this story is over and I'd love some suggestions :) Please tell me what you think of this new chapter. Watch for another update very soon! -TS[Chapter 11] I was woken up by the sun the next morning. I opened my eyes, stretching my tight muscles. I made a noise of content as I rose out of bed, looking out to the sun high over the sea. I began to walk over the bridges to the main ground when I noticed something odd. There were no boys to be seen or heard of. I searched the camp for someone and eventually came to the edge of the cliff where Rufio and I first talked. I gave up the search, instead sitting on the ledge, feet dangling off the side. I closed my eyes and just thought. Thought of all of the enchanting experiences that took their course in a single day. Neverland was everything I had ever dreamed of, and I couldn't imagine just going back to my old life. But...We had work to be done still. We needed to make Dad remember his Peter Pan side, needed him to fly and crow and fight. He had to fight Captain James Hook in order to get our family back. It will be the day we either win it all or lose everything. Jack, Maggie...They were counting on us to win. To save them from the grasp of pirates. I grimaced at the thought of how many young lives were at stake in this war. But at the same time, the wonder and joy that came with this new world we found was something life changing, something I never wanted to give up. The boys, Tinkerbell, Rufio...They had all found a spot in my heart. Tink had proved herself as a great friend, someone I could always turn to if I had a problem. She assured me that everything would be okay, and something in her made me actually believe every word. Rufio...There was something about the crazy haired boy that caught me. Maybe it was the air he carried of complete dominance and uncaring that didn't take me long to realize that it was the way that he showed that i actually did care. He wanted Dad to be Peter Pan as much as anyone else. He was just scared that the others would cast him aside as their leader, as a role model. He comforted me, and in the short time we had known each other, we had grown close. Closer than I have ever felt to someone. I let a smile grace my features as I felt the warm sun of Neverland hit my face, filling me with a calm, complete feeling. \"Rose?\" My heart jumped in shock and I gasped. My head snapped around to where the sound came from behind me. I let out a breathy laugh when I realized that it was only Rufio that was standing there. I scrubbed a hand across my reddening face and shook my head. \"Don't sneak up on me like that.\" He took on an apologetic smile, before coming a sitting next to me. \"Sorry. I was just looking for you. I thought you might have gone off with your dad.\" I looked over to him,\"I didn't even know they left. Where are they?\" \"They took the old man to steal Hook's hook. They think it will make him crow\",he replied. I looked over at the boy, \"I hope it works, we are expected to fight soon.\" Rufio suddenly smirked and looked over to me deviously, \"Speaking of which...\" I stood in the very spot where dad stood yesterday in the arena. Sword in my hand nearly as bad as him. Rufio smiled at me from his spot, loving every moment of the training he put me through. He lunged at me again with his sword, which I blocked with my own. We continued to stab and slash at eachother forcing the other to block or skip backwards. The metal clashing went on for what felt like hours and I began to feel incredibly natural with the attacks. At some point the battle lost all restraint and we both gave it our all, Rufio looked impressed and slightly put out by how well I was doing. However, all good things had to end because the Lost Boys began to file back in, making us stop our fight. Most boys were shouting and laughing as usual, but there were a handful that looked unhappy. I put the sword underneath my sash, so it stayed on my hip, jogging up to the group of boys. The group consisted of Thud, Don't Ask, Too Small, Ace, and a few others. I snuck my hand through the curls of Too Small, \"What's wrong you guys?\" Thud took the hat off his head and threw it to the ground,\" He couldn't take the hook. He ran off.\" I gave a look of compassion to the boys and began to say something, but was stopped by the figure of someone in the air. \"Peter Pan!\" Thud yelled. I stood, shocked at the sight of my dad flying and Latchboy ran to sound the warning bell. Boys came running out, Rufio at the head. He watched Dad fly near him, and then dad came close and slashed at his pants, making them fall to his ankles. Luckily Rufio had on red tights underneath them, but it didnt stop him from standing there, shocked and embaressed. The Lost Boys started to dance and Dad landed on the ground, starting to play basketball with a group. Rufio pulled up his pants and stood behind the group, sword in hand. The group all stopped and looked to Rufio, expecting a fight. But Rufio dropped to his knees, and held the sword up to dad,\"You are the Pan\" Dad took the sword, stepped back and drew a line in the dirt. All of the boys ran behind it. Rufio stood,\"You can fly. You can fight. And you can crow.\" As he finished his sentence dad let out a loud crow and in response got one back from every Lost Boy. Dad bowed to Rufio and Rufio bowed back, the boys then all continued crowing and running around, celebrating the return of Peter Pan. The celebration continued all day and into the darkness, Dad played with the boys and acted like he was 10 once more. Eventually though, I had to usher everyone to bed, as it was obvious that they weren't going to do it themselves. I was laying back in my bed, eyes drooping from exhaustion. It had been a long day full of sword fighting and shock. I had never seen dad so carefree and happy. I smiled, although worried about the battle, I had managed to still be calm and happy. Seeing Dad like that made me wonder how he had ever been anything else, it had come to him so naturally. If only Jack and Maggie could have seen him now. And I really hope they would be able to very soon. A/N- Only one more chapter after this one guys. I'll probably be adding it today as well, just because I feel the need to wrap this story up, I've held out on you guys for too long now :) I'm sure gonna miss this Oc, but I can't wait to see what I think up next. And I'm sad to say that there will not be a sequel to this story like some of you guys have been asking for, but I just can't think up anything else. I would really love some ideas on what to do next still for another movie, book, or anime. Please send me those and tell me what you thought of this chapter/story by PM-ing me or reviewing. -TN[Chapter 12] The boys hurried through the camp, getting on makeshift armor. One boy ran through some cobwebs and joined the line of others. Weapons were being passed and everyone was in a hurry. Everyone got onto the ship and we sailed to where Captain Hook would be. We waited, quietly awaiting dad's signal. \"Bangerang!\" All the Lost Boys shouted back, \"Bangerang!\" Everyone sprang into action, Rufio and I, along with many other Lost Boys swung onto Hook's ship. Boys began to fight pirates and dad broke free of the net that they had caught him in. I took out my sword, fighting any pirate that dare cross blades with me. Rufio fought as well and ended up hitting dad's sword, they clasped hands, and turned back to back crowing bravely. Smee rung a bell, calling everyone they had to fight. \"Form ranks!\" Dad commanded us, I stood alongside Rufio as the boys lined up, \"Get ready to show 'em the white light we're made of ,boys!\" Hook commanded his men as well, but when they charged the kneeling boys uncovered mirrors that reflected the sunlight into the pirates' eyes. They all yelled a pain and stumbled backwards. \"We'll show you who's chicken! Watch this!\" Dad said with a smile. Ace walked up with an egg launcher that shot eggs out at the older men, hitting them in the face. Dad stood next to him, making clucking noises at the chicken that was seated on the top. Then Don't Ask came, weilding a gun that despensed marbles onto the ground, making the pirates step on them and fall over. The formation broke up and Rufio ran for the staircase where Hook was standing on top of. Rufio began to fight Hook and I slipped past them to run over to Jack, fighting off the pirates who stood guard over him. Jack was dressed identical to Hook, but he smiled widely when he saw me. \"Rosemary!', Jack yelled and ran into my arms. I hugged him tightly, but turned suddenly when I heard \"Looky, looky, I got Hooky\" Rufio had Hook's sword pinned to the ground, but Hook got it loose and began to fight again. I gasped when he went to stab Rufio when he had the opening and on complete instinct, took my sword and threw it hoping for luck. My sword passed through the handle opening of Hook's blade that his hand had left open, and the handle of my own jerked the sword out of his hand before it could touch Rufio. The blade trapped the other against the wooden fence of the ship and Hook looked about shocked. Rufio had fallen back, also looking in my direction. \"Well, well. Rosemary. How nice it is to see you again\" Hook pulled my sword off of the wall and began to advance on me. But before he could make it, dad landed in front of me ,sword at the ready. Jack took off his hat and wig ,looking at dad. \"Dad? I want to go home\" Dad smiled and Hook looked astonished at Jack. Dad picked Jack up, while I helped Rufio to his feet. \"You saved me\" I nodded with a smile, taking his hand and following after dad and Jack to the lower deck. Hook began shouting after dad, claiming that he would continue to torture our family if the war did not happen. Dad dropped Maggie back down to her feet and flew back to Hook. They fought, eventually making it back down to where The Lost boys, Jack, Maggie, and I all stood. The Lost Boys got prepared to fight but dad stopped them. The sword fighting continued, as did the migration. We all piled into town square, watching with wide eyes at the battle between the two men. Rufio and I stood behind the rest of the children and when Hook approached the group they all held up ticking clocks. Hook yelled in fear and stumbled back, welcomed by more clocks. Dad began taunting Hook about his fear of time ticking away and they still fought. Dad disarmed Hook and flung the hat and black wig off of his head. It landed on Too Small, who didnt even seem phased by it. \"You kidnapped my children, you deserve to die\" \"Strike, Peter Pan. Strike True\" Dad stood, sword pointed at Hook. But Maggie and Jack ran up, grabbing the arm that held the sword,\"Let's go home, Please?\" begged Maggie,\"He's just an mean old man without a mommy.\" Jack nodded,\"Yeah, Dad. Let's go. He cant hurt us anymore.\" Hook began to praise Jack and put back on his wig. Dad stated that he never wanted to see Hook in Neverland ever again. Then turned away and began to leave. But Hook drew a blade out of his sleeve, and once again attempted to kill my father. I reached out and grabbed Rufio's hand tightly, fearing for my family's saftey. Rufio gave a comforting squeeze when Tink blocked Hook's hook from hitting dad. Dad hurridly grabbed Hook's arm and shoved the hook into the giant crocodile clock behind him. The boys all backed up as the clock fell to the ground, tripping Hook. He lay on the ground as the crocodile fell and the mouth went around his body, dust and dirt filled the air and blinded us for a minute. When the air cleared, Too Small stepped up, looking into the mouth, \"Hook's gone!\" The boys all started to poke at the statue until dad yelled, \"Bangerang!\" We all started to cheer and circle around dad. He stopped and bent down in front of Jack and Maggie, looking up at Tink,\"Tink make my kids glow\" Tink sprinkled fairy dust on them and dad instructed them to think happy thoughts. Maggie yelled,\"Mommy!\" and Jack said \"My dad, Peter Pan\" They both began to hover over the ground. \"Tink you know the way. Ill be right behind you.\" Then with a glance back, Jack and Maggie flew off into the air. Dad went over to the Lost Boys, explaining why he had to leave. Rufio tightened his hold on my hand, directing my attention to him. He looked deeply into my eyes,I could see the sadness in his. \"You're leaving, aren't you?\" I stood there for a moment, speechless. \"Rufio...I...\" I didn't know what to do or what to say. He looked as though he was tearing up as he dipped his head down, gently pushing his lips onto mine. I felt a tear of my own fall down my cheek and closed my eyes, falling into the kiss. We broke apart, tears falling slowly down both of our faces. I didn't know what to do, I loved dad, mom, Jack, and Maggie. But these boys had captured me. Neverland was everything I had ever dreamed for. And growing up scared me as much as I think it scared dad when he ran away. I didn't want to have to face the responsibilities of adulthood or get a job, suffering through the routine life of getting stuck in traffic and then coming home too tired to enjoy my life. My place was here. As Peter Pan's daughter. Facing pirates and Indians with the young boys that I had come to love as my own children. Feeling the carefree nature of imagination and belief with one another. Suddenly a throat was cleared. Dad was standing there, understanding smile on his face. I ran over to him and threw myself in his arms, hugging him tightly. \"Dad, I...I can't go with you\" I felt his arms tighten around me,\"I love you, Rosemary\" \"I love you too, Dad\" We distanced ourselves and Rufio came back to stand next to me. Dad pointed his sword at Rufio,\"Take care of her\" Rufio smiled widely and nodded. Dad flipped the sword, so the handle faced Rufio, and Rufio took the sword in his hand. Dad bowed to Rufio and in return he bowed back. I watched as dad started to fly away, \"Thank you for believing\" and then he was gone. I felt my tears stream back down my face, but my smile returned when Rufio took my hand in his and the Lost Boys all gathered around us, cheering and celebrating. I took one last look at the sky, before heading back to the camp, Our home. A/N- This is it guys, the end of our story. It's been a great time hearing your thoughts and encouraging me through this story. I'm sad to see this end but hopefully there is going to be another story on the way..Once I decide on what. Suggestions please, I would greatly appreciate them. I just cannot manage a sequel for this one, so sorry for everyone who was hoping for one :( Hopefully I'll be making another story soon now that summer in approaching, so I should have alot more time. I hope to hear from you awesome readers. 3 -TN[Chapter 13] Hey guys! For those of you still following this completed story ,I got in a writing mood today and for some reason I could only formulate ideas for this story. So, I have started a sequel for it. I haven't gotten the whole plot figured out yet and I'm not sure how well I'll be able to keep up with it , but I intend to try my best. The title for the sequel will be Nothing Gold Can Stay. I hope you check it out and tell me what you think about it. :) -TS ","Summary":" A/N -Considering that there are few stories on Hook I decided that it could use another. This is my"},{"Movie":"Wanted","Title":"A Bullet for an Eye","Author":"jaa162","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10311542","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Prologue Have you heard the news? Bad things come in twos. But I never knew 'Bout the little things. - Danny Elfman As I laid there on the cold, damp floor, bloody and bruised, I began to laugh. Yep, I laughed. I laughed at how fucked up my life had become less than 72 hours ago. I laughed at how I had got caught up in all of this mess. Here I was, a 22-year-old community college student, lying on a floor, blood coming out of my nose and mouth, and how I had the deadliest assassins on the planet chasing my ass. Me, an ordinary girl whose father left when she was 2. Me, whose mother could barely hold down a job or a man. Me, who graduated 10th in her class in high school. So why me? What made me so damn special? I don't know, but everything in my life changed when I met Wesley Gibson. AN: So this came to me while I was sitting around work bored. Then, I looked up the plotline for the Wanted video game, Weapons of Fate, and took elements of that storyline, the supposed storyline for the maybe-maybe not sequel, and meshed it with my own. I've been wanting to write this story forever, so I'm excited. Please Review![Chapter 2] Chapter 1- Meeting Wesley I stared at my notes in front of me and they were a jumbled mess. I had no idea what any of this meant. The sad thing about school is that you learn all of this bullshit, but you rarely use it once you go out into the real world. I still hadn't declared my major, and was in my second year, despite the fact that I was 22-year-old. I had taken a break after high school, until my dead-end job as a janitor at a nursing home was getting me nowhere and making me no money. So, now I just walked the halls aimlessly, trying to figure out what to do for the next 50 or so years. My two friends, Jessica and Amy, knew exactly what they wanted to be and were due to graduate this year. Amy had even landed a job as an online marketing executive for Yahoo. Jessica was going off to Harvard to continue studying law. I had nothing. I twirled my pen absently as the professor went on and on about Shakespeare and love and death. It was well known fact that even though Romeo and Juliet is a tragic story, it was still pretty stupid of two teenagers to kill themselves over puppy love. I mean, today, they would've been over in 2 seconds after they screwed each other, and then Romeo would've Facebook Stalked her until they reunited at the 20 year reunion. My phone buzzed in my jacket pocket and I pulled it out. It was text message from my mom. She was staying in Chicago for \"work\". Ever since her new boyfriend got her a job as a secretary for one of his friends, I barely saw her. She spent more time with that corporate bastard than me. Then, everyone jumped as the fire alarms went off. Everyone began shuffling out of the room and I stuck with Amy, who was also in my class. We went out into the hallway until five men dressed in SWAT uniforms stopped us in our tracks. \"Get down! Get down on your knees!\" one of the men told us. \"What in the world is going on here?\" our professor demanded. \"It's none of your concern, old man. Everything is under control. We just need to speak to Lydia Simpson.\" I froze. Me? What did I do? I was a janitor, a community college student, and raised in a broken home. I was 5'4, 135 pounds, had short, chestnut hair, and big brown eyes and a round face. I was nobody. I stood up slowly. I didn't want anyone to get hurt since I could tell something was off about the guys. \"I'm…Lydia Simpson. What do you want?\" \"We need you to come with us.\" \"Why?\" \"Because-\" Before the man could finish, he collapsed to the ground dead. There was a small hole in his forehead. Everyone screamed and began taking off in the opposite direction, me included. Behind us, gunshots rang out and it made everyone run faster. Suddenly, I tripped and was pushed to the ground. The crowd had disappeared behind the exit doors and I was alone. I could hear the sound of gunshots and I heard a body hit the ground. Footsteps began to approach the corner, and I quickly got to my feet. The water fountain next to me suddenly exploded and a stream of water burst free from it, soaking my clothes. I wiped my damp hair from my face and backed away as a figure approached me. I felt my back hit the wall and a man with steel blue eyes stared at me. \"You have no idea how long it took me to find you. Those guys gave me hell back there, but it was to be expected, I guess.\" \"Who are you? Who are those guys? What do you want?\" \"Long story short: I'm Wesley, those were assassins, not SWAT, and what I want is what they want. You . Or what you have.\" His face was awfully close and his breath on my face sent shivers up and down my body. He wasn't particularly attractive, more average-looking at best, but his eyes were a bright blue that pulled me in like a moth to a flame. I noticed the wife beater underneath his faded leather jacket was damp, and I could see his abs pulsing through them. I managed to pull myself together and asked, \"What I have?\" Wesley stepped back a bit. I let out a breath of relief. His eyes were suffocating me and his closeness was making me uncomfortable. \"Yes. Listen, I'll explain on the way, but we need to go. Now!\" Wesley grabbed my hand and pulled me through the double doors. My feet nearly failed to keep up with him since he was so quick and much fit than I was. Soon, we approached a silver, raggedy Toyota Rav4, and I hesitated at the passenger door. \"Get in!\" Wesley ordered. I shook my head. \"Why should I trust you? How do I know you won't kill me after you get what you want? How do I know if you're the good guy and they're not?\" \"I never said I was the good guy. And neither are they. They've killed as much as I have but at least I know that I won't kill you. I can't promise that they won't. Now get in.\" At that moment, the mirror on Wesley's side shattered and bullets lit up the back of the car. I hopped inside and buckled myself in. My eyes widened as Wesley reached for a gun underneath his seat. He took the safety off, and fired at the black Mercedes behind us. Wesley hit the gas as the back of the Mercedes hit the pavement and the driver lost control. The Mercedes hit another car and flipped over. I looked at Wesley in horror. \"What are you?\" \"I'm an assassin,\" he replied as we speeded out of the parking lot. AN: So please review! More to come![Chapter 3] Chapter 2- Kill Order Wesley turned out onto the street and soon we ended up on the highway. I clutched my seat for dear life as he flew in and out of cars. He even ran a few red lights. \"Where are we going? Where are you taking me?\" I asked nervously. \"I'm trying to shake them off,\" he answered, glancing up at the rearview mirror. \"Who?\" I glanced at the side mirror and spotted two vans speeding up behind us. \"Dammit!\" Wesley muttered under his breath. Then, he rolled down his window and fired a few bullets at the vans without looking. One of them pierced the window of the van on the left side and it veered off course. I guessed that he killed the driver. The other van was speeding up to my side of the car, and they shot the back windshield out. I screamed. Wesley took a sharp turn left at an upcoming intersection and I winced as my head hit the window. The van followed us and Wesley hit the gas. Then, he threw out his arm in a weird curve, and the van behind us screeched along the ground as its front tires went out. \"Wesley!\" I screamed as we were approaching another red light. Wesley pressed the gas even harder, and our back left tire went out just as we passed through the intersection. The van was still rolling along, until an 18-wheeler ran into it and it burst into flames. I stared at the carnage in horror as Wesley turned the truck right. I closed my eyes and took deep breaths as I felt my body panic. My chest felt heavier, my eyes strained, and my whole body was shaking. Soon, my whole body felt as if it were filling up with water, and I waited for the numbness to set in as it always did. \"Do…you have an…inhaler or something? I think I'm having a panic attack. Can you take me to the hospital or something please?\" I begged as I tried to catch my breath. Wesley didn't say anything for a while, and I could feel the numbness set in and my heart rate begin to slow down. I realized that it was growing quiet outside and I opened my eyes. Wesley was driving down an alleyway and soon parked the car in front of a garage. He turned off the engine and looked at me. My eyes slowly glanced his way. \"How do you feel now?\" he asked. \"I…I feel…fine.\" Wesley stared at me for another moment and then he climbed out of the car. He walked toward the garage, took out his gun, and shot the lock off of it. He lifted it up and revealed a red Ferrari. He entered it and backed it out of the garage. Then, he rolled down his window and I noticed he was wearing sunglasses. \"At this point, you have two options. You can sit there, and let them or the police find you, or you could get in this car and let me explain everything on the way to your house.\" \"What? Are you nuts?\" He didn't answer; he only rolled the window back up. I sat there for a moment and weighed my options. I still didn't know what was going on, and I didn't want to deal with the police, so I only had one choice left. Too bad it was the craziest one. I sighed and hopped out of the truck and joined Wesley in the car. The windows were tinted, the leather was shiny, and it had that new car smell. I wondered if it was his car, or he just knew of the person he was stealing it from. Wesley smirked as he revved up the engine and the car speeded out of the alleyway. \"Put these on.\" He handed me a pair of aviator sunglasses. I put them on without questioning him. \"Okay, I chose you, because, well, obviously I'm crazy. So, explain. What the hell is going on?\" Wesley sighed and asked, \"Where do you live?\" \"On Keys Drive in Melany Parkplace. Don't change the subject.\" \"I need to know where I'm going. I'm sure they've already beaten us there.\" \"WHO?\" I yelled at him, impatiently. \"The Fraternity. The Fraternity is a league of assassins. There are several branches all over the world. I was part of the one based here, the Chicago Fraternity. They recruited me, trained me, and taught me everything I need to know about killing.\" \"But they're trying to kill you now, aren't they? You did something.\" Wesley was silent for a moment. Then, he said, \"Yes. And I thought that I would right that wrong, by killing everyone that was a part of the Chicago Fraternity. However, I only opened a can of worms. That's where you come in.\" \"How?\" \"I was doing some digging and learned of a kill order that went missing 20 years ago. A kill order is the name of the person that fate decides to put to death. The Fraternity follows it no matter what, and no matter who it is. However, some of our leaders didn't like the names that were coming up, so they would change it to suit them.\" \"Meaning they corrupted the system so they wouldn't be killed, right?\" \"Yes. My father, who was a member of the Fraternity, discovered this was happening before I was born. It began a civil war among the Fraternities. One of the leaders, the Immortal, killed my mother. But I learned that this kill order may have his name on it, which might be why it has been missing for two decades.\" \"…And what does that have to do with me?\" I could see that we were reaching my neighborhood. It was only a matter of time before we ended up at my house. I got a bad feeling in the pit of my stomach. \"Two member of the Paris Fraternity broke into my old apartment and I made them tell me everything. Apparently, your father stole the kill order and hid you away after you were born. He claimed that you died during your birth, but it was lie to throw off the Immortal. The Immortal tracked you down and offered a reward for your capture,\" Wesley explained glancing at me for a brief moment. I think I had stopped breathing. My father was alive? And he's an assassin? Possibly? I didn't want to believe that everything that Wesley said was true; it was obvious he was leaving a few details out, but everything else added up. But why now? After all these years, why come after me now? Was it because of what Wesley did? Did his actions cause some sort of chain reaction? \"So, is that why you're protecting me? You want the kill order so you can clear your name and collect the reward. So you'll just toss me to the lions then, huh?\" I demanded. Wesley said nothing. \"Stop the car.\" \"What?\" \"STOP THE CAR!\" Wesley pulled over into the parking lot of a park, and I jumped out right before he stopped the car. I spotted my house on the other side and made a break for it. \"LYDIA!\" Wesley called out but I ignored him. I barely stopped when a car passed me and went through my gate and ran up the steps. Our house was an old white townhouse, with a small backyard and an above ground pool. It had 2 bedrooms and one bathroom that mom and I shared. When I reached the door, I realized that it had been kicked open and I slowly made my way inside. A lamp was broken right in the door way and I carefully stepped over the glass. I peered into the doorway of the living room and saw that it had been ransacked. I quickly made my way through the kitchen and saw that it had been ransacked as well. The house was a complete mess. I took off the sunglasses so I could completely survey the damage. I ran upstairs to check out my room and mom's. Hers was a mess, but mine looked way worse. My bed was overturned, my drawers were practically hanging off of my dresser, and all of my clothing was spread out on the floor. I just crumpled to the floor and tears began to sting my eyes. I felt so lost, and I didn't know what to do. Who could I trust? Who was good and bad? That was a hard answer, since both Wesley and my dad had killed people. The people who were after me killed people too. How could I trust a band of killers not to kill me? I wiped my face just as I heard a creak down the hall. I froze and tried not to move. The sad part about the house was that you could hear every movement. Even if I ran to the closet, it wouldn't save me. The creaking got closer until I heard the soft footsteps approaching my room. My heart was pounding quickly and my hands were clamming up. I closed my eyes and braced for the sound of gun going off near my head. Instead, the footsteps paused and I heard Wesley whisper, \"Lydia, are you ok?\" My eyes flew open. \"Yes, but what are you doing here?\" I asked in my normal voice. \"SHHHH! They're in the basement. Did you find it?\" he asked in a whisper. I shook my head. \"I don't know what I'm supposed to be looking for,\" I whispered back. Wesley put his gun behind his back and helped me off of the floor. I clutched his jacket tightly as I steadied myself and he pulled out a piece of cloth from his pocket. There were tiny dots strewn throughout the cloth. \"This? This is a kill order? But it doesn't make any sense!\" Wesley clamped his hand over my mouth and dragged me into the closet. He placed a finger over his mouth, and I remained silent. A minute later, we heard voices emerge from downstairs as a door was shut. \"It's not here. I knew it wouldn't be here. We have to find the girl. She's the only one who could possibly know where it is,\" a thick Spanish accent said frustratingly. A deeper voice asked, \"But she's with Wesley Gibson. He's looking for it too. Why don't we just wait for them to show up?\" The other voice snorted. \"Because that would be the obvious…wait, where did these sunglasses come from?\" I gasped and I knew Wesley was staring at me with pure hatred. I had left the glasses on the counter in the kitchen. I had exposed us. The first voice began to lapse in Spanish with the other voice and I heard the click of their guns. Their footsteps went off in different directions, and my blood froze as one of them began to ascend upstairs. Wesley drew out his pistol, and I backed away a bit, before stumbling over a box. I could practically hear Wesley roll his eyes at me in the dark. \"Stay here,\" he whispered and he exited the closet. I heard his footsteps disappear down the hall, and it was silent for a good 3 minutes. Then, the bullets began flying. I began searching the closet for something until I found a bat. I had taken up baseball for a month in elementary school and it had just taken up space in my closet since then. But I didn't know how to wield a gun so this was the next best thing. I slowly exited the closet as a bullet pierced the door to my room. \"Give it up, Gibson!\" the Spanish voice taunted. More bullets rang out and I heard a female whimper. Footsteps ran down the stairs and they were followed by another set. I ran to the window and stared down. I tried to decipher if the fall from the second story would kill me, until I heard the click of a gun. I dropped the bat as I heard a gun of off. I opened my eyes when I realized that the gunfire had resumed downstairs. I turned around and the person holding the gun at me looked no older than 18. He was taller than me, had an average build, and pale skin. He also had freckles on his face, thin lips, and scared green eyes. \"So you're alive then? I knew we would find you here, but she didn't believe me. She thought that Gibson would've taken the kill order from you and shot you dead. But she was wrong. She was wrong!\" he grinned. \"Who are you?\" \"I'm Kyle. I was in Spain studying abroad in Barcelona when they recruited me. Then, they sent me back to the states to find you. Lydia Simpson, the only person in 20 years to have seen that kill order. You know where it is don't you?\" \"NO! How many times do I have to tell everybody that I…\" my voice trailed off when I noticed a picture of mom and me at the beach in a broken frame on the floor. I pulled it out from the broken glass and stared at it for a moment. Mom. In all this time, I hadn't thought of her, if she was in danger or if she knew what was going on. Something about the picture spoke to me and then it hit me…I think I know where the kill order is. Kyle knew that I had figured it out, as he lowered his gun. The gunfire downstairs was still ongoing, but I was caught up in my own revelation. \"You know where it is don't you? Tell me, and we can be on our way.\" \"I….well, I don't…exactly…\" I stuttered. \"Don't play dumb. You know. Just tell me and this can be over for you. I can convince her to let you walk away from this. The kill order is all we came for. Well, that and Wesley Gibson's head.\" \"What?\" \"He didn't tell you, did he? Wesley Gibson is number one on the Fraternity's blacklist for killing several Fraternity members, including Sloan, one of the leaders, and his own father. He also has a 10 million dollar bounty on his dead body,\" Kyle explained. \"So that's why he wants the kill order, isn't it? To clear his name and lift the bounty? He doesn't care about the reward,\" I murmured. Or me, for that matter. \"I guess so, but-\" Then, Kyle fell to the ground dead with a bullet in his forehead. I covered my mouth and jumped back a bit. Wesley came around the corner limping a bit, pistol in hand. A small stain of blood on the left side of his abdomen was growing bigger. I backed away and crumpled the picture in my hands. Wesley limped over to me clutching his side. He gave me a quick examination with his eyes and then I asked, \"You just had to kill him didn't you? What about the other one?\" \"I shot her in the leg and stomach to slow her down, but she'll be up here in no time. We need to get out of here. I know the police are on their way, too. They'll find us-\" \"And you'll be dead,\" I finished. Wesley nodded and I grabbed my bat as I followed him out of the room. My heart went out to Kyle as he was just caught up in this as I was. I don't think he ever killed anyone, ever. Maybe he was just trying to prove something. Once again, I didn't really know why I was following Wesley after I just watched him kill someone. I just had this feeling that following him was the right thing to do. However, I was afraid of what would happen when we found the kill order. There would be nothing to stop Wesley from putting a bullet in my head. We were at the door just as the police turned down my street. \"Dammit!\" Wesley groaned and he winced as more blood began to seep out of his wound. I ran into the kitchen and pulled out all of the spray cans I could get my hands on, and turned on the oven and stove. The police pulled up in front of the house just as the woman crawled out of the living room. She aimed her pistol at Wesley but he moved out of range and she missed. I grabbed Wesley's hand as she shot at him again and headed for the back door. We barely made it out of the house as it exploded and we were thrown onto the ground. I blacked out. As I regained consciousness, I tried to regain feeling in my body, but it was stiff. I felt a was covered in concrete from head to toe. I moved my pinky and soon it broke out of its hold. I lifted up my body with all of the strength I had and felt the concrete shatter like glass into the water. I realized that I was lying in a bathtub, and all I had on was my bra and underwear. The room looked abandoned with dusty windows, bare walls, and empty floors. I pulled myself out of the tub and winced when my bare feet touched the cold floor and the cold air hit my body. There was a towel hanging on a chair along with a pair of dry sweatpants. I quickly changed into the sweatpants and matching hoodie and went out into the hallway. I roamed around and realized that I was in an abandoned church. I soon heard voices and knocked on the door to what seemed to be an office. Wesley opened it and sighed in relief, \"You're awake.\" I blinked at him. He was shirtless and his upper body was still glistening. The place where he had been shot had disappeared. You would have never known he had been shot by looking at him. I realized that I was staring so I glanced away. \"And you're, um, not bleeding anymore.\" Wesley pulled me inside. \"It's something I learned from the Fraternity.\" \"Oh.\" I didn't press as an elderly man with a grey spiky hair, a receding hair line, and stern eyes. He looked me up and down and I began shuffling my hands through my damp hair. \"Lydia, this is Pekwarsky. He's a former member of the Fraternity, and an ally of my father,\" Wesley said in a neutral voice. \"It's nice to meet you…I guess,\" I said as I shuffled my feet. Oh great, another assassin. \"It's nice to finally meet you, Miss Simpson. You've cause quite a stir among the Fraternities. I must say you do remind me of…never mind. I'm sure she's long dead by now. Anyways, I hate that we're meeting under these circumstances, especially after receiving the news.\" \"What news?\" I glanced between the both of them. The two men exchanged looks before Wesley sighed. Then, he said, \"We've just learned that…your mother has been kidnapped.\" AN: So I just let myself write on this one. So yeah, a lot is going on for our poor heroine. So the next chapter I'm gonna try to dig more into Wesley's psyche and develop Lydia and Wesley's relationship more. She trusts him even though she doesn't want to, but she feels he's the safest choice that she has right now. I still have some more twists and turns so stay tuned! Please Review![Chapter 4] AN: Sorry for the delay. I went on vacation for 2 weeks. But I'm back! Enjoy! Chapter 3- Reflex WHAT ! I had to grip the table that held all of the supposed surveillance equipment on it while I processed this news. I knew it was only a matter of time before someone I cared about got caught in all of this. I took deep breaths to calm myself. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Wesley extended his hand over before he dropped it. I didn't think too much of it. After a few more breaths, I finally asked, \"Who took her? Where is she?\" Then, the cell phone beside Pekwarsky's computer began to buzz. All of our eyes darted to it. Pekwarksy picked it up and handed it to me. \"Ask him yourself,\" he said. I took it and glanced at Wesley uncertain. He nodded and I flipped it open. \"Hello?\" There was a short pause before a deep voice with a slight Russian accent answered, \"Hello, sweetheart.\" Pekwarsky began typing on the computer and the screen popped on. I noticed that there were sound waves on display. He was recording the conversation. \"Who are you? Where is my mother?\" I barked. \"Tsk. Is that how you talk to your father?\" My blood froze. My father? \"You're…my….\" \"Yes. Sad that we finally get to talk after all these years under these conditions. But, yes it is true. And, I'm the man that is keeping your mother safe.\" I paused, not expecting that. So, I asked, \"Safe? How is she safe?\" \"I'm sure you've heard of the Immortal…\" I didn't speak for a moment, so he took it as a confirmation. \"Well, he is very ruthless and persistent. I'm sure you wouldn't have wanted her blood on your hands.\" \"Where is she? I want my mother back,\" I demanded. \"In due time, dear daughter of mine. First, I need the kill order. You find the kill order, and meet me in L.A. for the exchange.\" I snorted. \"Why should I trust you? I know what you've done. You're an assassin.\" He sighed. \"Because you're my blood. I promise you that from here on, I won't lie to you. I will make sure that your mother remains safe at all times. I promise .\" I looked to Wesley and Pekwarsky. They both nodded to me and I said, \"Fine. But I want to talk to her.\" \"You will, but she is being transported to an undisclosed location as of now. When she is settled, I'll have her give you a call. I suggest you keep this phone close. This is how she and I will be able to reach you.\" \"Fine. But wait, I don't know your name. What should I call you?\" It was too weird and he seemed like the type of man that I would have a hard time calling \"Daddy\". \"My name is Walter Xavier, but I am best known as Mr. X.\" \"Well, Mr. X, it was, um, nice speaking to you, I guess.\" \"A pleasure, my dear Lydia. Oh, and Gibson, keep both eyes open. And take care of my daughter.\" Wesley's eyes widened a bit, and he said, \"Will do,\" loud enough for Mr. X to hear it. I hung up afterwards and slumped to a crumpled mess on the floor. Pekwarsky ended the recording and shook his head. \"After all this time, he's still alive. He and Cross had it out for each other for years. I'm sure he is not happy about you associating with his daughter,\" he said to Wesley. \" If that is even true. He could be lying to us,\" I retorted. \"That may be true as well. Only time will tell.\" \"So where do we start? Where should we start looking?\" Wesley asked me. I ran my fingers through my hair and shrugged. \"I don't know exactly. Although, I had found this picture with me and my mom on it and I had a feeling.\" Wesley began shuffling through some papers near the computer, and then he pulled out the photo I had found at the house. \"This one? I found it sticking out of your back pocket when I brought you here.\" I stood up and grabbed it from him. \"Yes, this one. I was about ten or eleven, and we were on vacation in Malibu, I think. Near the beachhouse my mom would rent.\" Pekwarsky asked, \"What significance does the picture hold?\" \"I don't know, but I think that, maybe, my mom hid it away. Everyone thinks that I have the kill order, right? But what if my mom knew or Mr. X told my mother to hide it away for him while they were still together. I lived in my house since I was little and by the way it was searched, the others would have found it. But what if my mother expected that, so she hid it somewhere else.\" \"The beach house,\" Wesley realized. I nodded in agreement. \"Do you remember the address?\" Pekwarsky asked pulling up a program on his computer. I shook my head. \"No, I haven't been there since I was 12 probably. It might look completely different now, or not even be there.\" Pekwarsky began typing furiously and then there was a ping. I leaned over his shoulder to look at the screen and so did Wesley. Pekwarsky replied, \"This is an email from my great nephew. He works with computers so I asked him to agree to help us. He will try to locate the house for us. I'm afraid it will take him a while, as he has other work to attend to.\" \"I understand, but we do have assassins trailing our asses. Maybe he could speed up the search a bit?\" I asked. \"I'll ask, but no promises. In the meantime, I suggest you get some rest.\" \"Why?\" \"Because we're leaving Chicago. Tonight, \" Wesley answered as he left the room. I wondered around the church until I reached the main room. I sat in the congregation and stared at the faded wooden cross on the wall in front of me. I wasn't very religious, but this was far beyond me. This crazy world of assassins, car chases, explosions, kill orders, bounties, and kidnappings were something that I had trouble grasping. It didn't seem like real life, but it was my life now. Before, I figured my life was boring and stagnant, and now I felt as if I were in a video game, hyped up on Red Bull. I had no clue how to get out or how to win. Would I make it out of this crazy world alive, even if we did find the kill order? And what of my father and his sudden reappearance? Pekwarsky was shocked that he was still alive, so I assumed that he was presumed dead for a while? If so, what happened? Did he fake his death? And what of him and my mother? What was the history there? I had so many questions that I needed answers to. I finally got up and went to a small room by Pekwarsky's office that was bare except for a cot. I climbed in and wrinkled my nose at the sour smell. My body had been running on adrenaline for so long, that now I could relax and get some real sleep. I was unconscious within minutes. I woke a few hours later, to Pekwarsky and Wesley arguing. My mind was still hazy, so it took me a few minutes to understand what they were saying and arguing about. I kept still in my cot as I overhead their conversation. \" The girl should remain her for her safety! If she dies, then the kill order will be lost…\" \" She's the only one who knows where it possibly is! And she's wrong, and then we'll keep searching, dammit! While we're gone, I won't let her out of my sight! I won't let him get to her,\" Wesley growled. There was a pause. \"Don't use the girl to get revenge on the Immortal, Wesley. Your father may have made some mistakes, but he lost a lot for those mistakes. I know he wouldn't have wanted to lose you too. This was to be between the two of them. He kept you away from all this for a reason.\" \" You said he wanted me to live. Well, this is me, living. I'm going to take back control of my life and this is where it starts. I'm going to avenge my father and mother. I owe it to them.\" \" Don't do it, Wesley. I'm warning you. The Immortal is a ruthless man who craves bloodlust. The only reason he has not come after you both himself is because he has something bigger in mind.\" \" Or he's waiting for us to come to him. He's testing us. Testing me.\" \" You are your father's son, so he may well be. But do not underestimate him or the others out there. It may be the end of you.\" \" I can't underestimate. I'm an assassin.\" With that, I heard Wesley leave the room and pass by my room. So, Wesley wanted his revenge on the Immortal. Maybe that was the real reason why he was still around. I guess he hoped that by finding the kill order, he would be able to finally confront the Immortal and avenge his family. I climbed out of the cot and entered Pekwarsky's office. Papers were strewn everywhere and so were shards of glass. I made sure to avoid it. \"Pekwarsky?\" \"Did you get a good rest?\" he asked turning his chair around to face me. \"Uh, yes. The best I could get.\" \"That's good to hear. You have a long journey ahead of you. Wesley's gone to get a vehicle. He should be back shortly.\" \"Okay. Have you found anything so far? About the beach house?\" \"I'm afraid that it is more difficult than it seems. He has to find the right database, search 10 years back, and then try to find the address. Assuming that it hasn't been erased and your mother didn't use an alias. But from what I've heard, that might be the case.\" So, basically, he was trying to find something out of thin air. Great. \"I, uh, overhead you guys arguing. Is everything alright? Not that it is anyways, but…\" He waved his hand noncholantly. \"It is fine, Lydia. I was just…concerned about Wesley escorting you to another location. While my nephew tries to track down that beach house, I've been using some of my old connections to keep track of the Immortal's whereabouts. I just got word that he was traveling to New York from France.\" I leaned against the desk beside him and crossed my arms. \"Why?\" \"I am not sure, but it is very dangerous for you now that he is stateside. I am considering leaving myself.\" \"So, what is really the problem with Wesley?\" He was silent for a moment and then he reached out for my hand. I slipped it into his and he clutched it tightly. \"Wesley has been through many things, and lost a lot of people. Just be very careful, and do not get attached to him. This world changes you and you see and do many despicable things. I do not want a young girl like yourself to get caught up in it, despite who your father is. He is a dangerous man, and so is the Immortal, and so is Wesley. Do not forget that. Do not get attached. \" I wanted to ask more, but then Wesley knocked on the door. He was wearing black jeans, and a tight long-sleeved grey shirt. He was also holding a shopping bag. Pekwarsky let go of my hand and turned back around to the screen. Wesley glanced at his head before lifting up his hand and rattling some keys. He jerked his head outside and I walked out into the hallway after him, careful to avoid the glass once again. His face was neutral as he held out the bag to me and I looked inside. The clothes were new as they still had the tags. \"Go get dressed. We're leaving in 15 minutes.\" Then he walked off behind me. \"Thank you!\" I called to him, but he kept walking. While I was getting dressed, I had a thought. Surprisingly, it wasn't how Wesley knew what my size was, as I should have wondered, but another intriguing thought came to mind. Once I was dressed in the black leather jacket, strapless black dress, and black boots that Wesley bought me, I put the sweats in the bag and went to find him. Pekwarsky's office was locked and the light was off, so I guessed that he left after all, except for the cell phone that he taped to the door. I took it and put it in the bag. I heard some rustling down the hall and went to investigate. The light was on and I walked quietly down the hallway and peeked inside. Wesley was inside by his bed, putting some clothes into a small suitcase as well as some other items. Another case was open on the floor, filled with guns, knives, and what seemed to be a few possible explosives. I tiptoed into the room and snuck up behind him. As I reach my hand out to touch his shoulder, he spun around, grabbed my arm, and pulled me down onto the bed all in a less of a second. Then, a gun was pointed at my forehead. My eyes were wide and my heart was pounding fiercely. Wesley had his whole body on top of mine, his knee pressing my stomach and constricting my breathing. \"What do you think you're doing?\" Wesley whispered to me. \"I…was…\" I muttered, trying to get the words out of my scrambled brain. \"This isn't a game, Lydia. I could've put a bullet in you a second ago without thinking about it. You came in here for something. What did you want?\" \"I…want you to train me,\" I breathed out. Wesley froze for a brief moment, and then he moved the gun away from my face. He rubbed his face, and shook his head. \"No, you don't want this. You don't to end up like me. Trust me.\" I sat up. \"But I do want this, Wesley! I need to defend myself. I can't keep playing the part of scared little girl who needs saving. I want you to train me ,\" I said, defiant. Wesley stood up and held out his hand to me. I took up and he helped me to my feet. His eyes dared me to back down, to change my mind, but I was not. I wasn't going to back down, no way. Then, I saw the defeat. He said, \"Well, it's about time you grew some balls. Fine, I'll train you. Just know what you're getting into. It's gonna be gruesome and hard. When we start, I'll give you one chance to get out, but that's it.\" I smiled. \"Thanks, and I'll do my best.\" \"It's not gonna be fun, you know. It won't be a trip to Disney World.\" \"I'll deal with it,\" I retorted. Wesley stared at me for a bit, and then he said, \"Alright, first lesson. Being an assassin isn't just about guns or killing. It's also about power and control. Learning your instincts and using them.\" \"My instincts?\" I asked as I sat on the bed. \"Yes. Remember yesterday in the car? You thought that you were having a panic attack?\" Wesley asked as he continued packing. I nodded. \"Well, it wasn't. Because your father is an assassin, you've inherited his natural instincts for killing. What I'm saying is that the panic attack is actually your body flooding your system with adrenaline. The adrenaline then enhances your sight, speed, strength, sound, and reflexes. After some time, you will learn to control it like I did.\" He didn't say anything more and I stared at him as he continued packing. Veins were beginning to stick out of his forehead and his eyes were stern so I assumed he was deeply focusing on something. \"Who taught you?\" I asked suddenly. \"What?\" he asked looking up at me startled. \"You said that you were trained to be an assassin, so I'm asking who taught you?\" Wesley looked down, and then out the window. It was dark outside, except for the streetlight shining through. \"It doesn't matter now. I learned what I needed to know. That's enough.\" He was hiding something. \"Wesley…\" \"It's done! I don't want to talk about it, okay?\" Wesley snapped as he zipped up the suitcase. I raised my hands in defeat, and he zipped up the case on the floor and carried them both out of the room. I had obviously hit a sore spot, but I wanted to know more. If I was going to be a part of this world, I wanted to know everything I could. Starting with Wesley himself. AN: How do you think training is gonna go for Lydia? What did you think of the identity of Lydia's father? (AKA the man Cross killed at the beginning of the movie.) What's next for Lydia and Wesley you think? Please Review![Chapter 5] AN: Thanks for the lovely reviews! Enjoy! Chapter 4- Second Lesson I woke up to green blurs passing in front of my face. I shifted and soon began piecing together where I was. I was sitting in the passenger side of the car as we made our way west. Wesley was driving, his hands gripping the wheel tightly and his eyes focused on the road. The sun was beginning to peak out on the horizon so I knew it was still morning. I had only been asleep about 3 hours. I rubbed my eyes and sat up. \"Where are we? What time is it?\" I asked. \"We're about 40 miles from Springfield, Illinois and it's about 7:30 A.M. We'll stop and get food and gas and then when we hit St. Louis, we'll switch cars and keep going,\" he answered. \"Which is where exactly?\" Wesley shrugged. \"Wherever we get to.\" \"That doesn't answer my question,\" I retorted as I crossed my arms. Wesley smirked. \"Then you ask too many questions. Just trust me.\" I sat back in my seat and looked out of the window. After a few minutes, I asked, \"Did you have a life before the Fraternity?\" Wesley shifted in his seat and it was quiet for a while. I kept staring at him until he glanced at me. \"What?\" I gave him a pointed look. He sighed, \"Yes.\" \"That's it?\" \"Yes, that's all you need to know.\" \"But-\" \"Listen, there's nothing. My life was utter shit. So, there's nothing to tell. Why are you so curious anyway?\" \"Because we're gonna be stuck together for a while, so we might as well get to know each other, right?\" I propositioned. Wesley was silent. After a few minutes, he said, \"Alright, I tell you about my past.\" I eyed him. \"Details and all?\" \"Yes, but you'll have to earn it.\" \"Earn it? Wha-How?\" I asked as I sat up straighter. \"If you don't pussy out of your training, I'll tell you more about me,\" he explained. I see. It was an incentive to keep me going. Now, I was beginning to regret asking him to train me. No telling what it entailed, but I was done being shot at. \"Okay, deal.\" I held out my hand. He leaned over and shook it with the one that wasn't holding the wheel. \"Deal.\" As the day went on, we followed Wesley's agenda: only stop for bathroom, food, and gas. We soon changed cars by the time we hit St. Louis, and I just read a trashy romance novel that I picked up along the way. It was about an oil tycoon that witnesses a murder and is sent to live with a young, single mom as part of the witness protection program. Of course, by the twelfth chapter, they start banging each other's brains out. I had to put it away for a while by the time we inched toward Arkansas. I turned to Wesley and asked, \"Are we there yet?\" Wesley shook his head. \"No, we are not playing that fucking game. Not today.\" \"But-\" \"No.\" \"BUT there's not anything remotely interesting to look at,\" I gestured outside. We were driving through some fields since Wesley had decided to get off of the Interstate and take some back ways and the sun was beginning to set. \"Are you always this fucking annoying?\" he asked me. \"No, but I'm fucking bored,\" I shot back. Wesley didn't say anything, but he shocked me when he pulled off of the road and down a dirt path. There was an empty house a short ways up, and he stopped the car. He turned the engine off and got out of the car. Then, he went over the house slowly and examined it. I glanced around in confusion. He disappeared to the back of the house and I got out of the car. A few minutes later, Wesley emerged and made his way over to me. \"What the fuck was that?\" I asked. \"It looked abandoned, but I was making sure that it was. I think the owners left not too long ago. There's some canned goods left in the basement and a few pieces of furniture inside. We can stay here for the night,\" he said as he began pulling some bags out of the car. \"What? Are you sure that's safe? What if they come back?\" Wesley gave me a look. Oh, yeah, I forgot for a second. He kills people. I shifted as Wesley went back and forth between what bags to take out. Finally, he settled on one and told me, \"Follow me.\" I did as I was told without question. We went behind the house, and I noticed that the back door's handle was hanging off. Of course. The house was mainly empty, except for a lantern that Wesley had turned on for light. He handed me a flashlight and motioned for me to continue following him. We ended up in what was formerly the kitchen and then we passed a series of doors before Wesley found the one he was looking for. He opened it and motioned for me to walk down first. I shook my head. \"Uh-uh. No way. You go first.\" Wesley rolled his eyes. \"It's fine. Just go.\" I bit my lip as I slowly made my way down, the sound of my shoes echoing throughout the room. The basement was bare, except for a moth-eating sleeping bag in the corner and a pile of canned goods stacked in another. Wesley followed me down and then pulled out a chair from behind the stairs. He took off his jacket and I backed away as he stretched a bit. \"Whoa, okay, is this…is this where you kill me?\" I asked, half-joking. Wesley briefly smirked in response, but shook his head. \"You know the answer to that. This is where we begin your training.\" \"What?\" \"Well, I can't exactly do this in a hotel room, can I?\" Plus we were trying to stay under the radar. Made sense as to why he would take a back road and stop at an abandoned house. No one could hear me scream. I took off my jacket and threw it to the side. \"Okay, how do we start?\" Wesley opened his arms. \"I want you to give me your best shot. Try and hit me as hard as you fucking can. Don't hold back; I can take it.\" I hesitated. Then, I began swinging my arms. It was rather pathetic, as Wesley dodged all of my movements. Then, he took my right arm, put it on his shoulder, and used my weight to swing me over him and onto my back. I cried out at the pain. Wesley hovered above me and said, \"Second lesson: Pain is your enemy and your friend. You have to feel it to get stronger, both physically and mentally.\" I nodded and rolled over on my stomach after Wesley released my arm. \"Try and hit me again,\" Wesley ordered. I began swinging again, only for Wesley to dodge me, and come up and sucker punch me in the face. I staggered back and tasted blood in my mouth. \"WHAT THE FUCK!\" I yelled as I spit out some blood. \"I told you. It's gonna be fucking brutal. You have to learn hand-to-hand combat as well as weapon training. Both are crucial,\" he explained. \"Just so you know… I hate you ,\" I growled. Wesley actually laughed. \"Sorry but it wasn't my intention to be liked .\" \"Good…then we're on the same page,\" I agreed before I tackled him. I quickly learned that that wasn't a good idea either. AN: So training has begun! I really wanted to get in there because Wesley's training started out the same. He did go a bit easy on her, but not too much. Plus, writing their banter was pretty fun, too. Will Lydia prove herself to Wesley and earn his trust? What do you think will happen next? Please Review![Chapter 6] AN: So this chapter is short, but college is starting for me, and I'm still working, so I wanted to give you guys a little more of Lydia and Wesley. Enjoy! Chapter 5 -Rough By the time our sparring session was over, I was sore all over. My right eye was black and bruised, my ribs felt as if they were possibly broken, and I spitting out blood. Wesley emerged from upstairs and asked, \"How do you feel?\" I gave him a look. \"You asked for it, and I delivered. Can't say I didn't warn you,\" he replied. \"You beat the crap out of me,\" I mumbled. \"But I didn't kill you. I purposely hit you where you wouldn't have internal bleeding, but I had to make you feel the pain.\" \"Why?\" \"Because when you get out there, they won't hold back. You'll feel pain, and so much that…you'll wish for death to come. I know.\" \"Is that what happened to you? They beat you senseless?\" Wesley looked down, but his lips twitched. \"Until it was practically carved into my skin.\" \"But why?\" \"Because I was a pussy. I was afraid of myself and what I was capable of. No one had pushed me before and I didn't know what it felt like until then. But once you let yourself go, it can be freeing. No cares, no fucks about anything. You feel invincible.\" I nodded, and then opened my mouth to ask another question but Wesley silenced me. \"That's all you get for today.\" \"What? But it was just getting good!\" \"And if you decide to keep going tomorrow, I'll tell you more.\" I huffed and proceeded to go upstairs where the bath was waiting for me. Wesley followed me and I asked, \"How does this stuff work? Where did you get it?\" He didn't say anything at first, but I just stared at him. \"Fine. It speeds up the healing process so after a fight, you can heal and be back on your feet within hours.\" \"…So you can go back out there and kill more people,\" I realized. He didn't say anything, but I took that as a yes. \"Lift up your shirt,\" he ordered. I covered myself, suddenly shy. \"Uh, no! I just met you the other day, and…\" \"So I can see your bruises,\" Wesley interrupted. \"Oh,\" I answered and then, I painfully and slowly removed the dress from my body. I felt awkward standing there in my underwear as Wesley looked me up and down. But it wasn't lecherous; more like he was evaluating me like a doctor would. Then, he suddenly took a step forward, and on instinct, I stepped back, my backside hitting the wall in the tight space. I winced at the bruise on my back. Wesley's hand reached out and softly traced the bruises around my ribs. There were bruises on both sides so his fingers slid from one side to the other as if he were painting a canvas with his fingers. Every touch made my body tingle with electricity and I didn't want him to stop. My breath caught as his fingers moved up my side and to my shoulder blade, where he circled the bruise with his index finger. Then, his fingers slowly slid up to my neck before finally resting on the bruise on my cheek. Our eyes were locked on each other and my heart was pounding fiercely. My eyes glanced down for a brief moment, and a flash of me kissing him crossed my mind. My eyes moved back up to his and I realized he wasn't looking at me anymore. He was looking at the wall. \"Wesley?\" I called out in a small voice. He came back and dropped his hand from my face. I inched forward but he stepped out into the hallway. \"Just…I'll be back in a few hours to check on you,\" he said and then he walked away. I shut the door, trying to think about what just took place. Before I was sore, now I was tingling. I could still feel his fingers tracing my body but for a second, I wanted it to be real. No, wait. This is crazy. I can't think about us like that. Wesley is my trainer and mentor. That's it. After we find the kill order and head our separate ways, I'll never see him again, right? I can't let the lines blur again, and I was sure Wesley probably wouldn't allow that to happen either. Right? Later that night, I climbed into my sleeping bag, my body fully healed. There was still some coloring from the bruises but I wasn't sore. When I entered the living room, I realized that Wesley and his sleeping bag were situated by the front door while I was by the kitchen. I wondered if he did that on purpose so we wouldn't be close to each other or if it was so he could be at the forefront if intruders showed up. I didn't deliberate on it much as I wanted to sleep. But Wesley wanted to look at a map while he cleaned the guns and went over his inventory. It caused a good bit a noise. I rolled over and asked, \"Do you do that every night?\" \"It helps me clear my mind. Some people meditate; I do this,\" he answered, not looking at me. I rolled my eyes. It's not like I was naked. I was wearing some baggy grandma pajamas clearly bought from Wal-Mart. \"Ugh, well it's annoying. Some people are trying to sleep,\" I said. \"Sorry, I'll try to keep it down,\" he replied. He carefully set a pistol back into a case without making any kind of noise. \"Thank you,\" I said as I rolled back over. The next day, Wesley woke me up at 5 A.M. to get a head start on the road. I groggily got up and dressed in jeans, sneakers, and a baggy t-shirt as I waited for Wesley. He had gone upstairs to change and had the car already packed. I snacked on a granola bar and stared at the ceiling, bored. My mind wandered to the family that once owned this place. Did they choose to leave or were they running like we were running now? It seemed like the only thing I knew how to do was run from my problems anyway. I stood up and dusted my pants off and began to head outside until something collided with my back and sent me on my stomach. I coughed and rolled over to face my attacker. \"Wesley! What the hell? It's too early for this-\" \"You have to be prepared no matter what. This is a part of your training, using your mind as well as your body. Someone attacks you from behind has an advantage over you already. You have less than 2 seconds afterwards to make the next move. What's your plan?\" he asked standing over me. I immediately tried to kick him the groin, but he expected that from me so I flipped myself over to kick him in the chin. I landed on my feet, stunned, and he wobbled back a few steps. I glanced up at him, and his expression was both impressed and surprised. \"How…why did I do that? I didn't even know I could do that…\" I said bewildered as I ran a hand through my messy hair. \"I think it was your instincts kicking in. You did as I said…you threw me off guard. I'm…impressed,\" he said with a smile. I clapped happily. \"You're doing good. We'll need to work on more hand-to-hand combat, but I think we can start on target practice,\" he said to me. My smile dropped. \"Wait, you mean like…as in…guns?\" AN: Please Review![Chapter 7] Wesley showed me the ins and outs of guns on our way to Albuquerque. I was getting the hang of it so far, but the recoil made me especially sore when we used the big guns, so I was stuck with a pistol for the time being. When we reached Albuquerque, Wesley got us a motel room on the outskirts. I wasn't too fond of it, but at least our room was clean. Wesley brought my bag of clothes and toiletries from the old truck we rode in on, and handed me a pistol. \"What is this?\" I asked. \"I'm going to...run some errands for a bit,\" he explained. \"Is that code for 'kill someone'?\" Wesley looked away and murmured, \"Possibly.\" \"What are you up to? You've been pretty silent the whole ride here. What is going on?\" I asked nervously. He sighed. \"Don't worry about me. Just make sure to stay out of sight while I'm gone. Okay?\" I nodded. \"Okay fine. But I don't like this.\" Wesley just said to me, \"Anything that comes through that door that isn't me...shoot it.\" Then, he left. Right after he left, I locked the door and closed the curtains. I sat down on the bed staring down at the gun in my hand. Even though I was learning about guns, I hadn't grasped the thought of killing someone. He made killing someone seem so easy but I couldn't bear the thought of taking a life. But what if I had no other choice? It was difficult to think of how in a split second I had to consider someone's else life over my own. But I was in a world of killers now. Killing was almost as easy as breathing. An assassin killing me would be like me squashing a bug. I yelped as the cell phone Pekwarksy gave me began to ring. I put the pistol on the nightstand and answered it. The number was blocked of course, but the voice I heard on the other end filled me with relief. \"Lydia?\" \"Mom? Is that you are you okay?\" I asked frantic. \"Yes. But I've been worried sick about you. Where are you? Are you alright?\" She asked worriedly. \"I'm fine, Mom. Just worried about you. Where are you?\" \"In a cabin...there's snow everywhere...but I have food and a fireplace. There's a man here, watching me. He says I only have 30 seconds left. I just wanted to tell you I love you so much and just...be a good girl for me,alright? Whatever they ask, just do it.\" \"I know. Mom do you remember where the kill order is? Where you hid it?\" I asked quickly. \"It was...the beach house, I think. Xavier...he took me there after you were born. It was in west Malibu, I think. It's been so long...I remember the beach...when you were 12, I think-\" Then, the call disconnected suddenly. \"Dammit!\" I yelled and threw the phone across the room. It was an old Nokia phone, so it was still in one piece. I grabbed the mattress and screamed into it as loud as I could. I glanced at the clock and saw that it was only six-thirty in the evening. In a huff I grabbed my small bag and placed the pistol in it before heading out of the door. An hour and a half later, I was pretty tipsy and on my way to drunk at this flimsy bar I stumbled onto down the street from the motel. It wasn't very busy, a few men and women but no more than about 10. I was about to order my fourth bourbon when a martini was placed in front of me. I glanced up at the bartender, an overweight man nearing about 50. \"On the house,\" he said as he nodded toward the other end of the bar. A man, seemingly in his late twenties, waved at me. He had a nice tan, slicked backed hair, and a pressed suit. What was a guy like him doing here? And waving at me? I wasn't dressed particularly impressive, just jeans, black boots, a white Tshirt, and a black hoodie. My hair was a mess and I had no makeup on unless you counted Chapstick. I glanced at the man confused, he just laughed and picked up his drink to make his way over to me. I sighed. I just wanted a few drinks to numb myself, not get hit on my some random man. The man sat down on the stool next to me and asked, \"Not a big fan of martinis?\" \"Not particularly. I mean I've had a few more...colorful ones, but...\" \"Try this one. You might like it.\" He was staring at me intensely. I took a big gulp and he smiled. \"See? That wasn't so bad. So, what's a beautiful girl like you in a place like this?\" \"I could ask you the same thing, Mr. Fancy Suit.\" \"Well, I grew up around here and came back to visit some old friends.\" I really wasn't interested in his conversation, but my brain was full on buzzed. After a while, though, I could feel this dark cloud settling over me. It was strange like I was slowly losing control of my body. I had only drank half of the martini, and now I was struggling to stay awake as well as upright. I had had stronger alcohol and knew my limit, so I immediately knew something was off. Very off. \"Thank you for this lovely conversation, but I need to go.\" I left some money on the counter for the bartender and tried to flee as fast as I could. It was very difficult as I was on the verge of collapse. A hand suddenly grasped my shoulder and spun me around. I nearly lost my balance and grabbed a nearby bar stool to steady myself. \"You're not going anywhere! Not until you thank me for the drink!\" The man said as he grabbed me by my arm. I could feel my heartbeat speeding up and the cloud was starting to lift a bit. The adrenaline was kicking in. I grabbed his hand in an instant, and turned his arm back the opposite way. He howled in pain and I used his strength against him to slam his body into the bar. I let go as he fell to the floor. I bolted and someone caught me in their arms. I began flailing my arms around, but the grip was too tight on me. \"Lydia, it's me!\" Wesley was covered in dried blood and he began shuffling me into a beat up taxi cab. I stared at him incredulous. \"Oh my God, what happened to you? Are you hurt?\" \"I'm fine. What were you thinking? A bar?\" \" I was thinking that I wanted an escape. Just for a moment, ok? I talked to my mom. I was trying to get here to tell me where she was or where the house was, but we only had about 2 minutes to talk. \"So you came to a shady bar and almost got yourself killed?\" \"I can take care of myself. I handled it. How did you find me anyways?\" Not me... Your father. He called me after I...finished my errand,\" Wesley explained as we pulled up to th motel room. Wesley went inside and came back three minutes later with my stuff and the phone. Then, Wesley pulled out of the parking lot and drove off. \"Where are we going? And do I have a tracker on me?\" \"Las Vegas. And yes,\" Wesley answered. \"Why Vegas?\" \"Because we have a flight to catch.\" He motioned to the backseat and I noticed a Manila envelope. I grabbed it and opened it. Inside, there were fake IDs and tickets for a plane ride to Los Angeles that takes place 2 days from now. \"Was this part of your 'errands'? Along with an unhealthy body count?\" \"I thought I was seeking out help from a friend. Well, more like ally of my father's. I got in contact with his son to help us. He held up his end, but decided to ambush me as part of his BIGGER deal with the Immortal. He knew about my father's old contractor. For a second...I thought I might not make it out of there.\" It was silent before I asked, \"But you're okay, right?\" \"Yes,\" he said through gritted teeth. \"Are you mad at me?\" \" You nearly got yourself killed or worse. My job is to keep you out of the Immortal's hands. I'm trying to teach you to defend yourself since I know you're not ready to kill yet. All I ask is that you don't do stupid shit and mess that up. Agreed?\" \"Agreed. But I was upset, surely you understand that. My life as well as my mother's is on the line so it's not just about me.\" \"This is all about you. But you can't run out like a fucking child. You could ruin everything.\" \"Don't lock me away like some caged animal!\" \"And risk you dying? No. It wa risky to go in there myself, so I wasn't about to let you die like that.\" I looked at him. This had hit him hard. It was personal. \"Who was it?\" I asked after Wesley had calmed down a bit. \"What?\" He looked at me startled. \"I know you killed your dad, but who else was it? If you tell me, I...won't be so fucking stupid next time. You're right. I was dumb. Just tell me who it was.\" Wesley only said,\"Reach into the back and get a bottle of water. It'll help clear your head and get he drug out of your system. I wish I could go back and kill that asshole. Luckily, you haven't fainted yet.\" I did as I was told and after a few hours, I felt the cloud fully lift from my mind. When we stopped for gas and snacks, Wesley paused before he started the car up again. \"Her name was Fox. She was my mentor. She taught me almost everything I know about killing and there Fraternity, but she was more than that. She pushed me. She challenged me. She inspired me. She even gave me busted nose, but she saved my life. I owe who I am now not just to my parents, but also to her. She made me realize who I could be.\" \"She died, didn't she?\" \"Yes.\" Wesley said nothing else as we drove forward. I wished I had met this woman. I wished I could've thanked her for Wesley. An:sorry for the late update. A lot of changes happened in my personal life and then got brief writers block. I am types this on my iPhone so sorry for any typos. Please review![Chapter 8] Chapter 7- Vegas Once we reach the outskirts of Vegas, we park a block away from a used car lot. It seems mostly abandoned, like the owner gave up or didn't take good care of the place. Wesley parks the taxi in a car wash and turns to me as I rubbed sleep from my eyes. I don't even ask what he's going to do at this point when he glances at me. I reach over and take his hand. I squeeze it and nod, acknowledging his plan. Its early morning, about 4 AM so there are few cars around, and from what I can tell the lot has no security cameras. I hear the sound of glass shattering in the distance, and a few minutes later, I hear a car door shut and the engine start. A 2009 Ford Escape pulls out of the lot and soon Wesley drives up and parks the car next to the taxi. I sit up in the seat as he opens the trunk and begins pulling bags out. I get out and help and we put the bags away silently. When we finish, Wesley hands me the key. I look at him blankly. \"What are you doing? I thought we were sticking together?\" \"I'm going to take care of something. In the meantime, drive to Vegas and meet me at the Bellagio,\" he says to me. \"Wesley, no. Every time we part, something bad happens. What if you die?\" Wesley smirked, \"Don't worry about me. What I'm about to do is child's play compared to walking in a mill filled with assassins wanting to kill me. Just trust me and do what I ask.\" I sighed. Once again, he was leaving me out of the loop, but I trusted my gut and decided to believe him. I hopped in the driver's seat and started the car. Then, I asked, \"How will I know what it looks like?\" \"You'll know it when you see it,\" he said to me as he climbed back into the taxi. Sure enough, it took no time at all to locate it once I arrived in Las Vegas. Well, not as long as it should have been since I was still sleepy and sightseeing a bit. I had never been to Vegas before so seeing everything was a bit overwhelming. I could see why Wesley chose this place as our next stop; there were so many people and so many buildings and space, it would be like trying to find a needle in a haystack. But a part of me couldn't underestimate the Fraternity and their unlimited resources since it was why we were running in the first place. I drove around a bit more to get a feel for the area in case the Immortal caught up to us. I wanted to know the fastest and best route to the airport to get out if needed. By then, the sun was up, and my stomach was growling. After stopping by McDonald's for a cheap breakfast, I managed to find a nice parking spot near the Bellagio. I could see who was going in and out, but stay well hidden. Another hour passed, and I was getting impatient and worried as it was almost 8 AM. I checked the cell phone for any messages or calls and it was blank. I sighed in frustration as I let my head fall on the steering wheel. As I started to slip into slumber, the sound of a horn nearby jolted me awake. I looked around for the sound and realized that a black stretch limo had pulled up next to me. I glanced around to make sure no one was about to ambush me. The window rolled down and a pair of electric blue eyes stared back at me. \"You actually listened to me this time.\" My jaw dropped. \"Wesley? What the hell are you doing…?\" \"Get in the limo and I'll tell you,\" he said before rolling the window back up. I was so taken off guard that I sat there for a full minute in my thoughts. Finally, I just turned off the ignition and did as he asked, my curiosity getting the best of me and my hatred for being left out taking over as well. I glared at him as the driver, Tim, lightly knocked on the window. \"Keys, ma'am. I need to get your bags.\" \"Oh, here,\" I handed them to him and he sent me a small smile. Then, I turned my attention back to Wesley. He was freshly showered, wearing a tailored suit, and his hair was gelled and slicked back. I crossed my arms and said, \"I'm listening.\" Wesley took off the shades and said, \"I met with X, well, his right hand man. The guy gave me two files; one from your father, and one from Pekwarsky. Then, he told me to shower and get dressed. I came outside, and he was gone except for this limo and the driver. He told me that he was hired to take me wherever I wanted to go, so I told him to take me here. I recognized the car and here we are.\" \"What were in the files?\" Wesley pulled them out from under the seat and handed them to me. The first file contained fake IDs, one for Wesley and one for me, along with two credit cards. Mr. X had left a note, explaining that the Immortal had just reached Albuquerque after Wesley's \"meeting\" and was trying to track us down. He had given us fake IDs to so we could remain undercover for a little while longer until we were able to fly out. I huffed under my breath. He's keeping my mother captive and now he wants to try to be a father to me? I didn't understand his angle at all, but this was all I had for now. \"So what now?\" \"Well,\" Wesley looked me up and down, \"you need to change.\" Since I was going to play a role, I needed to take Wesley's advice and dress the part. Wesley and Tim waited outside in the limo while I slipped into a nearby boutique to shop. Since Wesley's \"persona\" was that of some important business man type, I was going to play the part of his young, sleazy wife. Based on my mother's awful obsession with the Real Housewives reality shows, I had some idea on how to dress the part. I grabbed several tight-fitted dresses, heels, a few purses, some expensive sunglasses, and found a decent blonde wig at the back of the store. After I paid for my new wardrobe with the credit cards, I shed my old clothes and plastered on a navy blue form fitted dress with a deep v neck neckline. The dress stopped an inch above my knees, and I slipped into a pair of nude heels. I immediately cringed at the thought of showing off so much skin, but knew this was what I needed to survive. Once I put on the wig, I glanced at myself in the mirror. I looked more like a hooker than a housewife, but it would have to do. \"The things I do to not get shot at,\" I mused aloud. I quickly gathered my things, slipped on the sunglasses, and went to meet Wesley and Tim at the limo. Wesley was leaning against the door, observing the passerby before he spotted me. He was quiet for a minute and I couldn't take anything away from his eyes as he was wearing his sunglasses again. Finally, I snapped, \"Are you going to stand there and stare or are you going to help me?\" Wesley called for Tim to take my bags and Wesley opened the door for me. I climbed inside without a word and neither one of us said anything on our way back to the Bellagio. Once we entered the hotel, Wesley quickly slid into his role and put his hand on my waist, pulling me to his side. I glanced at him in surprise, but he said nothing. We walked into the hotel and my jaw dropped at the sheer beauty of the lobby. It was like walking into a painting, and I wondered what the rest of the hotel looked like if this was just the lobby. \"A fly is going to open up shop in there if you don't close it,\" Wesley whispered in my ear. I closed it and pinched his side playfully. He shot me a glance and I gave him an innocent smile. His arm fell from my waist as we approached the front desk and my smile faltered a bit. \"Mr. and Mrs. Timothy Brandt, checking in please,\" Wesley told the agent at the front desk. He took off his sunglasses, handed over the IDs and she replied, \"Oh, yes, we've been expecting you, Mr. Brandt. It appears you booked a deluxe suite, is that right?\" I leaned against the counter, a look of boredom plastered across my face. Wesley glanced at me and I waved my hand lazily, as if this were a normal occurrence. \"Yes,\" Wesley answered and handed her a credit card. Soon, we were issued a room and Wesley's arm reappeared around my waist as we walked over to the elevators. A smile reappeared on my lips and Wesley rolled his eyes at me. Our room was no less impressive as the suite was almost the size of a small apartment. A living room, two bathrooms, foyer, and a bedroom were all included in the suite. However, there was a problem….one bed. I jumped on it like a little kid and collapsed on the duvet. My mood from earlier was completely gone, as now I just felt…happy. I figured for one day, I could be free. Free from all of the assassin mess and have a little fun. I definitely hadn't done that in a while. Wesley was standing by the window, closing the curtains. I scoffed, \"Keep them open!\" \"But we're exposed!\" he shot back, but he kept them open just enough to let some light in. I smiled, \"Thank you.\" \"So about the second file…\" \"Are we not going to talk about how there's one bed?\" I asked aloud. Ignoring me, he continued, \"…I think Pekwarsky may have found it.\" \"Found what?\" \"The house with the kill order. He managed to narrow it down to about 30 houses and now we have to do the rest.\" I sighed. I didn't feel like doing this right now. We were in Las Vegas; I wanted to explore before I lost my chance to enjoy it. Wesley stepped out into the living room but soon came back with the file. I heard the door open in the distance, and then the rustling of bags, probably Tim dropping off our stuff for the night. Wesley sat with me on the bed and pulled out a bunch of pictures. There were all kinds of houses, shot from all types of angles. Luckily, they were marked so we could tell one house from the other. The next few hours passed and it was just Wesley and I examining each photo thoroughly as well as searching for each house's coordinates to get a better look and feel for the area. Soon, though, my stomach growled in protest and I was getting a bit restless. \"Maybe we should stop here,\" I said as Wesley examined the 20th house. My stomach growled again, this time a bit louder and Wesley sighed, \"Do you want to order room service?\" \"No, I want to go out. We've been in this room for 4 hours, Wesley. I want to get out. Please!\" I begged. Wesley pinched his brows and then glanced at me. \"Are you sure you want to do this?\" I nodded. \"I'm sure. Just give me a Taser or something if you don't want me to have a gun.\" \"Fine. We'll go out,\" he said defeated. I clapped my hands enthusiastically, and he laughed. After dinner, I managed to convince Wesley to let us take a tour of the place. I had never stayed at a hotel of this magnitude so I really wanted to enjoy myself. Then, we passed some slot machines and I squeezed his arm. \"Can we go play some slots?\" \"Why?\" \"I can't come to Vegas and not gamble, Wesley. I'm pretty sure it's against the Constitution.\" Wesley thought it over for a moment, and then sighed. I sprinted off into the room like a kid on a sugar high. Once I figured out how to get started, I picked out a slot that had kittens on it. It seemed simple enough; put your money inside, pull the lever, and try to win something. Wesley sat next to me, seemingly bored. I ignored him and entered my money. I pulled the lever as instructed and instinctively grabbed his hand. Sadly, I didn't win anything that time. So I tried again. And again. And again. And again. The final time, I banged my fist against the machine. \"Damn you, kittens! Give me my money back!\" Wesley clutched his stomach and began laughing. \"What is so damn funny?\" I snapped at him. \"You know these machines are designed to rip you off. That's how they suck you in, thinking that you have a chance to win when you don't,\" he explained to me. I scoffed. \"Whatever. I'm going to try something else.\" I walked over to the other side and settled on a similar machine that had fruit on it. A balding man seemingly in his mid-50s leaned over and asked, \"First time on the slots, miss?\" \"Is it that obvious?\" I asked aloud as I lost once again. \"Yes because someone who has done the slots before would've dressed more appropriately for the occasion. It takes a few tries and a few machines to figure out what works. Not that you would know that,\" he said and then he eyed me up and down. I noticed the ring on his left hand. I sighed in frustration, but I was dressed rather…revealing. I also had a brief bout of confusion of how this older man was obviously attracted to me, but I hadn't noticed Wesley seem affected at all. Maybe our encounter in the bathroom the other day was all in my head , I wondered. Then, the man said, \"You know, if you want to learn how to win, I could…\" He placed his hand on my arm and I gasped at the perverted things he whispered in my ear. I leaned away from him quickly, but he had a firm grip on my arm. I slapped him so he could release me, and Wesley came to my aid. \"Hey, what do you think you're doing?\" he questioned the man. \"Ah, I see. I didn't know she was yours. Tell me, how much did you have to spend?\" the man asked Wesley his hand on the red mark I left on his face. \"Spend? On what?\" I asked him. Then, I clarified, \"No, I'm not some gold –digger, if that's what you mean.\" Wesley punched the guy across the face and the man collapsed against the lever. The slot ran, and started going off like crazy. \"Jackpot!\" I exclaimed. I quickly gathered the man's money before security could come to throw us out. I cashed it and we headed out of there. Once we were back in our room, I asked Wesley, \"Why did you punch him? You didn't have to do that. I handled it.\" Wesley closed the door and turned to me slowly. \"He called you a hooker, did you know that? So, he got what was coming to him.\" I was shocked into silence. Sure, I was dressed this way, but the man didn't have to call me that to my face. But the thing that baffled me was why Wesley defended me in such a way. He didn't have to punch the guy, but he did anyways. Did that mean there was more to this than just a…job? Was there something here? I walked up to him and breathed, \"Thank you.\" Then, my lips met his. I paused, not wanting to open my eyes and see the expression on his face. I started to pull away, but he sensed it and put his hand in the wig and pulled it off of my head. My hair fell to my shoulders and his hands grabbed my roots to pull me closer to him. His other hand was on my back and my whole body felt as if it were on fire. I responded by pulling him closer to me as if I were trying to merge his body with my own. Everything in the outside of this room meant nothing to me in this instant. I just wanted him. I could feel his feet shuffle forward and I walked backward still clinging to him for dear life. My back hit the soft cushion of the couch and Wesley climbed on top of me, his lips still suctioned to mine. I unbuttoned his jacket and then his dress shirt, letting my hands roam free over the hardened muscles of his body. Wesley pulled the straps off of body and pulled the dress down to my waist, exposing the strapless bra underneath. I had been with a few men before, but somehow this whole experience felt different. As if the wild animals inside of us that had been caged were finally allowed to roam free and I was soaking in every minute of it. It all came crashing down when I reached for Wesley's pants and he sat up, startled. \"What's wrong?\" I asked in the darkness. \"I…I can't. I'm sorry,\" Wesley slipped off of me to sit down on the end table. I sat up incredulous. \"Now! Now you're sorry! Wesley, we…I…I'm in my bra ! You grabbed my boobs! How could you be sorry? I thought you wanted this, too!\" \"No, I can't compromise this job. I can't let you get in the way. I can't,\" he said as he started to walk away. \"No! I'm not gonna let you walk away from this, Wesley!\" I yelled as I went after him. \"This…can't happen, Lydia! History will keep repeating itself! My parents, your parents… it doesn't end happily ever after! Get that in your fucking head already! I let myself slip, but I won't let that happen again! Get that in your head ,\" he said darkly. I blinked as Wesley had changed in an instant. A minute ago, he was my knight in shining armor, and now a dark shadow wanting nothing to do with me. I pulled up my dress and slipped past him into the bedroom. \"You're right. You're right about everything. But I know one thing…you care. You care about me, Wesley, whether you want to admit it or not. I know that now,\" I said quietly. He said nothing in return and I shut the door slowly. I stood there for a minute, trying to breathe again since it felt as if all of the air had been sucked out of me. I didn't know what to feel now. This whole thing was so fucked up. We could be together but we can't. He could have me but he can't. He was right. Based on what our parents had been through, it wasn't going to work out. The Fraternity was the main cause of all our problems and our parents' problems. It had caused them to be ripped from each other's lives and leave us to deal with the mess. It was all so fucked up. Tears welled in my eyes as I stalked for the mini bar. There was a few bottles of alcohol inside, and I grabbed one and started gulping it down. The fire burned my throat, but any pain was better than this. I walked back to the door to try to hear something on the other side. It was quiet. I walked back and threw the bottle at the door, shattering it into pieces. I didn't care; it's not like I was paying for it. Then, my cell phone rang from my purse and I answered it. I heard my mother scream my name. \"LYDIA! LYDIA! HELP ME!\" I heard gunshots and it immediately went dead on the other end. I let the phone slip from hands and fall to the ground. AN: This was really more of a filler chapter but there's more to come! Please Review![Chapter 9] Chapter 8- Bullets I didn't leave the room for hours. Various bottles were scattered across the room, and one was shattered since I had thrown one at the door when Wesley tried to come in. I didn't want to talk to him, or Tim, or Mr. X…I just wanted to talk to my mother. Mr. X called again, and I answered it, but I didn't speak. Instead, he said, \"I presume you know of what happened to your mother.\" It was silent for a beat before I asked, \"Why did you kill her?\" \"Why would I kill her? I had no incentive or desire for that to happen. I couldn't think of harming the mother of my child, no. I just needed her to motivate you into participating; that is all. It seems that we have a mole on our side, and the Immortal got to her before I could. I'm sorry, my dear.\" There was remorse in his voice, but I didn't believe it. How could I? But since we were much closer than the Immortal was to getting the kill order, it seemed like he was desperate enough to go after my mother. Finally, I said, \"I want to believe you, but how can I ? You failed my mother, and now… me .\" Then, I hung up. A few hours had passed, and I got sick of looking at these four walls. I needed to get out. I changed out of the dress and into some jeans and a blue t-shirt before I entered the living room. Wesley was once again looking at the files, ignoring me. I tiptoed past him and he said, \"Don't even think about it.\" \"I need to get out of this room, Wesley. If I don't, I will lose it,\" I said quietly. \"I need you to look at these pictures. The faster we can find the house, the faster we can leave.\" I ran over to the end table and knocked the pictures off. \" Fuck the pictures! My mother is dead! Do you hear me! She's dead! Because of you, because of Mr. X, and…me! She's dead because of me! I don't care about the pictures! All I want is that French asshole's head on a stick! \" I roared as angry tears formed in my eyes. Wesley didn't even flinch. He was probably expecting me to burst anyways. Who wouldn't? He stood up and said, \"So, help me and we can find the kill order. Then, we can get that son of a bitch and end this.\" I looked down at all of the pictures scattered on the floor. It would probably take us several hours to go through it all again. \"Don't worry about those. I already made a pile of the last ones we haven't gone through,\" Wesley said to me. I breathed in relief, and wiped my eyes. He was right; I needed to pull myself together to get through this so I could find the kill order. Right now, the Immortal had one over on me, so I needed to get one over on him. I needed to avenge my mother. I nodded and Wesley took out the pile of the unseen pictures from under the couch. We went through them once more until one caught my eye. It seemed so familiar. I ran into the bedroom and rummaged through my stuff until I found the old picture from before. It stung to look at it, but it was the only evidence I had. I ran back into the living room and put the pictures on Wesley's lap. \"I think this is the house. You see there in the far left corner? That palm tree has a marking on it, the last year we were there. I remember when my mother carved it in there because we didn't know when we'd get to go back,\" I explained. Wesley examined the pictures closely, and a slight smile appeared on his lips. Wesley pulled out a phone and began texting immediately. A message popped up less than a minute later. \"Our flight's been bumped up. We're heading to Los Angeles,\" he told me as he began packing. I sprinted into the room and quickly grabbed the bags. Wesley put his suit jacket back on and tucked a pistol into his pants. I shuffled ahead of him toward the elevators. The elevators dinged and two guys dressed in all black with AK-47s came out. They aimed their guns at us, and Wesley pulled me into an open room, where an innocent maid was cleaning the carpet. She screamed at the sight of us, and I yelled, \"Get down!\" as I took shelter in the bathroom. Wesley hid behind the door and pulled out his pistol, taking the safety off. He nodded to me and shot at the guys around the corner before ducking back inside as bullets flew in retaliation. Wesley flung his arm to send a curved bullet around the corner, and I heard a body drop to the floor. Then, I heard a door open and several grunts before another body hit the floor as well. Wesley held his gun up and motioned for me to follow. I crawled out of the bathroom and peeked out into the hallway. Tim was standing over the two unconscious men and grabbed an AK-47, tucking his pistol away. I stood up and walked behind Wesley. \"I guess you're not just a driver, then,\" I said aloud. Tim answered, \"No, I work for your father, and I was assigned to protect you unless directed otherwise. The driver part was just a cover.\" \"Figures,\" I commented. Of course, Mr. X would assign me another bodyguard, especially since Wesley almost got himself killed not too long ago. \"Well, then, do you know who they are? Who they work for?\" Wesley asked, his gun still raised, but no longer pointing at Tim. \"They're French. I heard one of them speaking to someone on the phone.\" \"Most likely the Immortal. We need to leave,\" Wesley said as he tugged on my arm, dragging me along the hallway. I snatched my arm back and followed the men to the stairs. Wesley shuffled me in front of him, so there was someone flanking me from the front and the back. I gritted my teeth but trotted along. I didn't like feeling powerless, but I knew I was a long ways from taking on assassins on my own. I was nearly exhausted by the time we reached the 2nd level but I pushed on anyways. Tim guided us through a back way before we stumbled onto a casino. People were buzzing and shuffling through all around, but I was able to spot the Frenchmen looking for us, once again, dressed in all black. They weren't blending in very much. I took the liberty to grab a lever on a random slot machine, and unexpectedly, got a jackpot. The man at the machine began screaming like crazy and shouting, \"Thank you! Thank you!\" over and over again. I smiled and people began to crowd around him. Tim and Wesley looked at each other, but used the chaos to get me away. We ran through the casino, pushing everyone out of our way. Tim slowed down once he spotted another assassin and I reached into my bag and pulled out a grenade. I threw it with all my might into the crowd and it exploded, filling the corner of the room with tear gas. \"Over there!\" Tim shouted, pointing at the exit. We covered our faces as we ran through the smoke, watching the assassin rub his eyes in agony. As we ran to the exit, Tim and Wesley both shot out curved bullets to take down the two Frenchmen guarding it. A woman screamed at the dead bodies as we passed through but we kept on going, trying to blend into the resulting crowd making its way out. We soon stumbled into the lobby and I spotted a man in a suit coming out of a black Porsche with a woman way too young for him. \"That one!\" I yelled, pointing at the car. Wesley suddenly got behind a bellhop and pushed a luggage cart into a Frenchman whom had stumbled out into the lobby ahead of us. He fell to the ground as the cart collided with his body, and I smirked before Wesley put a bullet in his head. I was nearly thrown into the space that wasn't big enough to fully be a backseat as Wesley and Tim quickly dispatched the owner, leaving him bleeding on the sidewalk. Tim hopped into the front seat as Wesley slid into the passenger and reloaded his gun. I was thrown backwards as the car lurched forward quickly, zooming out onto the highway in less than 10 seconds. I quickly realized how my life had turned into a Fast and Furious movie. Tim did a sharp right turn, throwing me to the left, and I yelled, \"Could you be a little more careful? There are no seatbelts back here!\" \"This car was your idea!\" Tim yelled back as he smoothly zoomed around cars. Err, well, okay, he was right about that. I did pick the car, but I didn't think it'd be this tiny! Tim took a sharp left, running through a red light and nearly getting us killed, and soon after, he slowed down and finally relaxed. \"I think I lost them. Now we head to the airport so we can get the hell out of here.\" \"Where did you learn to drive like that?\" I asked him. \"I grew up in a rough neighborhood. My mom liked bad boys. One of them used to rob banks, and he taught me how to drive so I could drive the getaway car. I met your father in a prison outside of DC, where he was my cellmate. He saved my life and told me about his mission. I didn't believe him until he killed the warden with a spoon and a straw and escaped. A little while later, I was cleared and released. He asked me if I wanted to do what he does, and I agreed, no questions asked. I've been following him for 8 years, and will do it for 80 more.\" Wesley and I glanced at each other before he turned the other way, staring out of the window. I sighed and sat back, trying to get comfortable in the small space. I still wasn't by the time we reached the airport, but at least now, I could stretch my legs a bit. Wesley helped me out and I muttered, \"Thanks.\" He nodded. I huffed and hated that he was being so distant now, barely speaking to me. He got his bags out of the trunk and I quickly wondered how he was going to get all those guns through TSA. \"Don't worry; we're not going through there. We're going around,\" Tim explained, answering the very question I hadn't even asked. Wesley and I followed Tim inside before we ended going a backway by the employee entrance. No one even glanced at us as we passed through. We reached a door leading up a staircase and into an office, and Tim took a card out of his pocket and swiped it on the desktop computer. A small ding emerged from the computer and we followed Tim back downstairs, where a flight attendant was waiting for us. She led us through another door, which lead to more passageways. It felt like the Wonderland of airports for a moment until we finally reached the tarmac. A small jet was waiting with the name Jobs on it. I hesitated. \"Wait, is this Steve Jobs' jet? \" I asked. \"Yes, your father called in a favor. He's using decoys to board your actual flights as a diversion for the Immortal. He'll see through it though, but it'll confuse him, giving us enough time to get to Malibu,\" Tim answered as we boarded the jet. It was quite cozy inside. It only seated about 6 people, had a small bathroom in the back, and a tiny minibar stocked with various alcohol. \"I thought it'd be bigger,\" Wesley commented as he handed his bags to the flight attendant. She winced from the sudden weight, but didn't ask questions. \"Well, it's just us, and we needed something in a hurry,\" Tim answered Wesley. \"So Mr. knew Steve Jobs? What does an assassin have to do with the CEO of Apple?\" I asked as I took a shot of expensive vodka from the minibar. \"X is quite a business man as well. Knowing how to kill is also good for negotiations, and besides, how do you think the Fraternity gets its funding?\" Tim said with a slight smile. Apparently, Mr. X was full of surprises. I stared out of the window as the jet appeared to be heading towards the runway. I didn't know what awaited us in Malibu, but I knew I was one step closer to getting my revenge. AN: I'm back! Having nearly 4 months to grieve and get everything settle really helped a lot. I've been itching to get back to this for a while, and you all have left so many lovely reviews! Thank you so much! I have so much more in store for this, and during my time away, I came up with even more ideas. But really, thank all of you for understanding and I can't wait for you to read more! Please Review![Chapter 10] Chapter 9- Failed Plans \"So this is it?\" Tim asked me. I nodded, \"This is it.\" After landing in Los Angeles, we stayed in a motel overnight before heading straight for Malibu that morning. We had pulled up in front of the beach house in the fancy Escalade Tim \"found\", and Wesley and Tim hid their guns in their jackets as they flanked me. Tim scanned the area, which was mostly abandoned since the houses in the neighborhood were mostly rentals or foreclosed. He nodded and Wesley picked the deadbolt on the front door. Wesley walked in first and looked around. The place was empty and covered in dust and sheets. \"We're good. Lydia, where do we look first?\" I shrugged. \"Well, my mom was all for hiding things in plain sight.\" Tim sighed, \"Look, I'll look around downstairs and you two look upstairs. Shout if you find it, and be quick about it. We don't want to be here too long.\" Wesley nodded in agreement and grabbed my arm, leading me upstairs. Tim took off into the living room. I walked into one of the bare bedrooms and looked around, and Wesley walked into the next one. \"Would it be under the floorboards?\" he asked aloud. \"No, it would be too hard to get to. We were only here a few weeks at a time so she wouldn't have made it difficult for herself if she needed it in a hurry,\" I answered as I search the empty closet. Wesley sighed as he walked back out into the hallway. \"Attic? Basement? The beach?\" \"No and no.\" \"Dammit!\" he yelled punching the wall. The plaster cracked a bit from the force. \"Look I want the kill order as much as you do! I've lost people too!\" I yelled. \"I know that!\" Wesley yelled back. I lowered my voice. \"Then act like it.\" I stomped past him down the hall and into the master bedroom. Wesley followed me but stopped in the doorway. He swallowed, \"I'm sorry. I just-\" \"I know,\" I sighed. I knew Wesley was being distant, so when we parted, I wouldn't miss him. I knew now that he didn't want me to suffer more than I had. We searched the master bedroom together, throwing around drawers from the dresser and nightstand, and moving the bed around. Wesley scanned the wall for a hidden safe, but nothing. \"Find anything up there?\" Tim called out from downstairs. \"Nothing so far!\" Wesley yelled. \"I'm going to check the bathroom…\" I started to say but paused when we heard a loud thud on the roof. Wesley pulled out his pistol and began gently pushing me towards the bathroom. \"Go in there and lock the door,\" he ordered. I scoffed, not wanting to stay out of the action this time, \"No! I can handle myself, Wesley!\" Immediately, gunshots started going off downstairs, and footsteps could be heard coming up the stairs. Wesley glanced out of the window, and on the beach, we could see a helicopter land and more assassins come out. How did they keep finding us? \"Find the kill order, and I'll take care of these assholes,\" Wesley told me as the footsteps began to creep closer. \"Fine,\" I said as I stomped into the bathroom, only for Wesley to shut the door. I ran to open it but I reasoned that he put something in front of it since it didn't budge. Gunshots went off and the door cracked a bit from the force of the fight. I started pulling on the drawers under the sink and throwing them at the door. When I pulled out the third one, and it shattered, I noticed an envelope on the ground. I dusted the wood splinters off of me and opened it. Inside, there was a picture of my mother and me, along with a piece of cloth. This, this , piece of cloth was what we were risking our lives for. I thought about flushing it down the toilet, but I knew it was too important. I screamed when the door fell open with a dead body on top of it. I stuffed the cloth into the back pocket of my jeans and stepped over the body. Wesley was trying to catch his breath in the doorway and the room was a mess. My heart lurched out of my chest when Wesley was suddenly shot and he fell to the ground. I let out a scream and ran to his side. An assassin covered in a black bodysuit started spouting Spanish at me, and I shook my head since I couldn't understand her. She leaned down and pulled on my arm, but I resisted. Suddenly, a muscular man in a similar bodysuit ran beside her and tried to pick me up while the woman yelled Spanish to someone downstairs. I gave the man a sharp right hook and ran back inside of the trashed bedroom. Something nicked me in my neck and drowsiness hit me like a speeding truck. I tripped over some debris and whined when my body collided with the hardwood floor. The last thing I saw was black hiking boots. When I woke up, I was lying in a bed. As I slowly came to, everything from the past 24 hours hit me, including Wesley's death. I didn't know whether to cry or scream or throw something. However, I knew I had to get out of here and seek answers. Plus, I was still emotionally drained from my mother's death. I soon realized that I was in a hotel room, and I jumped out of the bed and headed straight for the door. When I opened it and tried to make a run for it, Tim caught me in his arms. I struggled against his grasp, but he was still stronger than me, so it was useless. I stopped struggling and growled, \"Let me go, Tim!\" \"I will, if you stop trying to run away. Besides, your father is here and he wants to meet you,\" he replied before he released me. I straightened up my t-shirt and turned to face him. \"What? What makes you think I want to meet that man?\" My voice was rising and Tim motioned for me to lower my voice. My eyes narrowed as he said, \"Listen, I know you're upset about what happened, but it wasn't my fault.\" \"You were supposed to protect us!\" \"Only you,\" Tim answered quickly. The doors of the suite behind me opened and a heavy-set man with black, slicked-back hair, angular features, blue eyes, and an expensive suite walked in. I deduced he was Mr. X as he took the cigar out of his mouth. Then, he said, \"Tim was only following my orders, dear Lydia. However, he is right…none of us are to blame for the Gibson boy.\" \"THEN WHO THE HELL IS?\" I yelled at my so-called father. \"I am,\" the beautiful woman who randomly appeared at Mr. X's side spoke. She had a round face, chocolate brown eyes, olive skin, and long dark hair with bangs. There were a few wrinkles on her face suggesting a woman in her late 40s probably, but it did not distract from her beauty. I also noticed how she wore a red figure-hugging dress showcasing her slim figure. \"Who are you?\" She began to step closer to me, but there was some slight hesitation in each step she took. I noticed how her face had a mixture of happiness, relief, and…dread. \"I'm Maria Ramirez, head of the Spanish Fraternity. I sent them after you when I received word of the Immortal's movements. He was minutes from finding you. I found out that I had a mole on my side, and took care of him. However, I had to get to you first before he did…to guarantee your safety,\" she spoke slowly before she stopped in front of me. She stared hard at me for a long time and I asked in a low voice, \"Why? What do I mean to you?\" She smiled a small smile before she reached out to tuck a loose strand of hair behind my ear. \"Why darling, my sweet Lydia, I'm…your mother.\" AN: This is mainly filler. The next chapters will be how Lydia, Maria, Wesley, and Mr. X's backstories all connect plus how our showdown with the Immortal plays out. I've been so waiting to get to Maria. She is going to be a very important character from here on out. And yes, she is Lydia's real mother. I saw the movie Red 2 the other day, and Catherine Zeta-Jones' character in that movie was who I imagined Maria to be like down to a T. Plus, it gave me ideas for a possible sequel. Please Review![Chapter 11] AN: I own nothing but my OCs. Chapter 10- History After meeting my \"parents\", I stormed back into the hotel room and locked the door, not wanting to speak to anyone. I heard murmurs outside the door but couldn't make anything out. A few minutes later, it was silent, and there was a soft knock at the door. I sighed, \"Yes?\" Tim answered, \"Maria and Xavier would like you to join them for dinner.\" I snorted. \"Do you really expect me to sit at a table with liars and killers? I don't think anyone could enjoy their meal if they are expecting someone to come up and slit their throat.\" \"If they wanted to kill you, then they would've let the French take you when they had the chance and your body would be floating in the middle of the Pacific Ocean right now.\" I bit my lip and groaned in frustration since I knew he was right. Besides, I wanted answers; the final pieces of the puzzle, and they had the answers. Plus, I realized that this would probably be the only peaceful moment to talk. I said, \"Okay.\" I rushed to the bathroom to fix my hair and wipe my face. My clothes were crumpled, but I didn't care. Even though I wanted to cry, I forced myself to put on a brave face. Finally, I unlocked the door, and Tim greeted me with a stoic face. He held his arm out, and I took it. We walked down the hall slowly, and I felt this sense of dread hit the pit of my stomach, like someone was leading me to a casket at a funeral. We exited the suite and Tim nodded at the guard that was perched outside the door. I guessed that he was also a part of my security detail. I sighed and shook my head at the thought of how complicated and messy my life became once I found out that I was the daughter of two highly trained assassins. Tim led me down the hall and nodded to the guard standing outside this suite. The guard knocked on the door three times, and Maria opened it with a flashing grin. She nodded at Tim and said, \"Thank you, but we'll take it from here.\" Tim released me, but I pulled his arm back. I whispered, \" You're just gonna leave me with them ? Are you crazy ?\" Tim smiled and said, \"You'll be fine. Just don't forget who they are.\" I dropped his arm and he shook his head at me before Maria dragged me into the suite. She put her arm around my shoulders and I instinctively pulled away a bit. Nonetheless, she kept a firm grip on me and guided me into another room, which was set up as a dining room. There was classic, antique furniture placed near the walls, a table that seated about six with a classic, white tablecloth, and an elegant chandelier hanging from the ceiling. Xavier was already sitting at the head of the table facing the doorway, and he seemed to be having a very serious conversation. Maria cleared her throat to get his attention, and he acknowledged her before he hung up. Xavier rose from his seat, and Maria guided me along to greet him. He held his hands out and she placed hers in his, and he kissed both of her cheeks. \"Maria,\" he smiled. \"Xavier,\" she said curtly before she took the seat on his left side. Xavier held his hands out for me, and I repeated Maria's actions, even accepting his kisses. \"My dear Lydia. How sad it is that we have to meet under these circumstances.\" I nodded. \"Yes, it is.\" I sat down in the empty chair on his right, and Xavier followed suit. Then, he clapped his hands and a chef, clad in all white, came out from the door behind Maria. \"I think we're ready to begin,\" he told him. The chef nodded and soon returned with oeuvres. His assistant poured wine in nice, clean glasses. I made sure the two were distracted before I quickly grabbed a steak knife and hid it under my thigh. However, I wasn't as sneaky as I thought as Maria said suddenly, \"Lydia, darling, if we were going to kill you, I would've done it before you even walked through that door. Now, put the knife back and enjoy this meal with us.\" I sighed and placed the knife back on the table as instructed. \"So is anybody going to start talking, like what the hell is going on and how did I end up here?\" I spat out. Xavier paused for a second before glancing at Maria, who sighed. \"Yes. I guess I'll start.\" Maria began, \"My mother was an immigrant from Spain. She separated from my father before I was born, and gave birth to me in New York. She soon found it hard to support me, and fell into a life of drugs and prostitution. I was taken from her and raised in a foster home until I turned 18. I got a scholarship to NYU, and sighed up to take a summer trip to Spain before I turned 19. I wandered off alone one night, and was nearly robbed. But, someone saved me.\" She stopped eating and had this faraway look in her eyes. \"Her name was Allyse. She saved my life that day, in more ways than one. She saw something in me, and gave me a choice: go back to NYU and go on with my boring life, or join the Fraternity and truly save the world. Obviously, I made a choice to join the Spanish Fraternity. Allyse trained me; day in, and day out. She forced things out of me that I never knew I was capable of. She taught me everything there was to know about killing. Then, she and Cross crossed paths. After that, the entire Fraternity was changed forever.\" I nodded, \"Wesley.\" It hurt to say his name aloud, but he was a part of this just as much as I was. She nodded in agreement. \"Yes, Wesley was conceived. Allyse was torn as to what to do, but Cross convinced her to keep the child, despite it breaking the code. Cross got word that the Immortal was being sent after them by the Elders of the French Fraternity for violating the code, and he enlisted me to protect her as he tried to recruit Sloan and the other Elders for his cause. We hid out in rural Egypt until she gave birth to the boy. The French had nearly caught up to us, and Allyse sent me back so I wouldn't be killed. I…got word that she had been killed by the time I returned to Spain.\" Maria's eyes were watery and she looked down at her plate. Xavier reached for her hand and squeezed it. She grabbed her handkerchief to blot her eyes and he picked up where she left off. \"After Allyse's death, it seemed as if the Fraternity was on the verge of collapse as a civil war began to brew among the Fraternities. Cross was sent to kill the Immortal, and vice versa. It came to a boiling point when Cross nearly ended his life, but spared the Immortal, leaving his face half-scarred,\" Xavier told me, motioning to his hands the damage the Immortal endured. Maria continued, \"Rumors plagued the Fraternities as to what led Cross to abandon Sloan. No one knew for sure, but by then, the other Fraternities had destroyed themselves, with only the French, Chicago, Spanish, and Russian Fraternity elders agreeing to a truce to end the bloodshed among brothers. Soon after that, Xavier and I were sent on a mission together in Mexico to kill a drug lord. I found out I was pregnant a few months later.\" Maria sighed, \"I was terrified. I didn't want to go through what Allyse went through. My Elder, Ricardo, was so disappointed. He knew he should've killed me, but…he didn't. He asked me what I wanted to do and I…wanted you to live. I wanted you to have the life I could never have. You were my blood; my family. I couldn't do that to you. So, I lived in the basement of Ricardo's house until I gave birth, his servants and wife attending to my every need. However, I learned that Ricardo had sent one of the younger assassins to pose as a servant and take you away without my knowledge. I informed Xavier of what happened as soon as possible-\" \"After I recovered from the news that we had conceived a daughter-\" \"But Ricardo informed that he spared you and sent you to America. In return for your safety, I became his indentured servant and requested that all of the female members be sterilized to avoid another incident. Soon after, the Fraternities were in financial ruin for the most part, so I was sent off to marry an oil tycoon in Qatar. I was his 8th wife and the youngest, so I was his favorite. A few days after our wedding, Ricardo sent me my husband's kill order. I poisoned him shortly after and inherited half of his estate…about 800 million. The other wives had to split up the rest among themselves and their children. From then on, I was sent off to man after man, acquiring their assets and insurance money after their deaths. I saved the Fraternity from ruin and brought them out of the ashes.\" By spreading your legs to the highest bidder , I thought. \"Interesting story, thank you for that, but what happens now? Why is the Immortal even hunting me down if there was a truce?\" I asked. Xavier cut his steak and took a bite. \"He does not care for the old laws of men long passed. He cares about what happens to him now. The only thing he believes in is the code and his own ascension to power. I believe that he wants full control over the last of the Fraternities and viewed you and Gibson as a threat to that power, especially since you found the kill order. But, I contacted him.\" Maria whipped her head at him so fast I thought she was going to break her neck. \"What? When did you this, and why didn't you consult me?\" Xavier took another bite. \"This morning, while you were planning Lydia's exit plan, and I also gained some valuable information. I do not need to consult with you on everything that I do, my dear Maria.\" Maria's eyes darkened. \"Not when it involves my daughter's life!\" Xavier took another bite and used his knife to motion between them. \"You mean our daughter's life. If you must know, we have…come to an agreement.\" \"Which is?\" I asked aloud, getting anxious and impatient. \"Your life and protection, in exchange for the kill order and relinquishing his business deals with Apostol Pharmaceuticals in Japan.\" Maria slammed her butter knife between the middle and ring finger on Xavier's resting hand. I jumped a little in my seat and my eyes widened with fear. \" You exchanged our daughter's life for a piece of cloth and a business deal? Are you mad? \" Maria growled. Xavier looked down at his hand and back up at Maria. He removed the knife and placed it beside my untouched plate gently. He clasped his hands together, resembling something of a mob boss. \"That is what I do, Maria. I do business, whether in bills, bullets, or blood. He agreed to my terms once I handed over our worm in exchange for his. And you should bring down your voice; it seems we have conspirators in our ranks,\" he answered calmly. I wondered how he could keep his calm demeanor after my assassin mother almost chopped off his hand. Either he was used to her outburst, or he had mastered keeping calm under chaos, which would lend itself to being an assassin. I predicted it was more than likely a combination of these. \"Who? Who is plotting against us, Xavier?\" Maria asked after taking a sip of her wine. Xavier smiled almost like a Cheshire cat and yelled out, \"Bring him in!\" Tim and another burly man entered the room and opened the door behind me. It was a coat closet and a young man with dirty blond hair, frightened blue eyes, and a lanky build was dragged out. He had no clothes on, except for blue boxers, and he was taped up from head to toe. Several bruises were festering on his stomach, chest, and face. Tim and the other man helped him stand on his feet, facing us. Tim quickly sent me an apologetic look before it smoothed back out into a poker face. \"Ah! Here he is! The man of the hour! Ladies, this is Milton, one of my newest assassins. I had him gathering Intel on the Immortal along with one of my best, Alfonso, until it seemed that Alfonso was the one sending information to the Immortal. But that wasn't what happened, was it Milton? Milton set Alfonso up as our weasel and I killed him.\" I glanced at Maria, who had an uncertain look on her face. Then, she got up and grabbed her steak knife. She walked toward Milton and waved the knife in his face. \"I remember Alfonso. He was a good boy. Smart, quiet, and loyal, always loyal. We treated him well, and made sure that the last of his family were well taken care of. Why would he betray us? Better yet, why did you set him up, Milton?\" Maria asked in a low voice, flipping the knife expertly in her hands. Milton's voice muffled loudly against the duct tape and Tim removed it. \"Ow! I-I did it…because…because of Kyle. He was my friend! And he died for that illegitimate bitch!\" he spat at her, eyes shooting bullets at me. Kyle, poor Kyle, the young assassin who didn't stand a chance against Wesley Gibson. I wish the boy didn't die, but Wesley killed him before I could plead his case. \"He's gotten into your head, hasn't he? He thinks my daughter, my child , is a mistake. What do you think about that, darling?\" Maria asked me. I was speechless, and absolutely terrified about what was about to happen next. Maria turned her gaze to Xavier, who shrugged and continued cutting his meat. \"You see? I am proud of you for being loyal, Milton, but you did betray us and cause your fellow brother to be murdered. And now, consequences must be paid.\" Then, she slowly jabbed the knife into his left peck, causing an ear-piercing scream. Tim and the other man struggled to get a grip on Milton as Maria pulled the knife down and then right, and then left, leaving a blood-soaked F on his chest. My mouth dropped open as Maria licked the blood on the knife and wiped some more blood on his face. Maria motioned for them to take Milton away and Tim reapplied the tape to his mouth and dragged him into another room. I sat up and placed my handkerchief on the plate. \"I'm done. I-I can't. Excuse me.\" I headed for the door but Maria stopped me. \"You shouldn't go out there alone. Tim will walk you back to your suite. Tim!\" Tim appeared in the doorway almost instantly, and I heard some rumbling come out from the room behind him. \"Yes, Maria?\" \"Could you take my daughter back to her room? Xavier and I need to converse on some things.\" Tim nodded and headed for the door. Maria clutched my arm with a vice grip. \"You just don't know how happy I am that you are here with us. Don't worry; you'll be safe as long as I'm here. We'll get together later and talk about anything that you want. Right now, you can go and get some rest.\" \"Okay,\" I muttered, not sure as to what else I could add. Xavier's cell phone rang and he answered it, only sending me a nod. Maria toyed with a strand of my hair for a second before letting me go. I walked briskly to the door where Tim was waiting. He closed it behind us and I held my arms close to my body as we walked down the hall, trying to process everything that took place. Tim was silent the whole walk and took out a key card to open my door. I walked in and Tim said, \"I'll be outside if you need anything. Maria and Xavier booked this whole floor so the only people going in and out will be Fraternity members. You'll be safe here.\" I started laughing manically. I was doubling over laughing, and Tim looked confused, as if he missed the punch line to a joke. I waved my hands and started to calm down. \"Safe? Are you kidding me? Like, did you not hear what you just said?\" Tim's face sombered up and he said, \"Listen, I know what happened back there would make you think otherwise, but they're your parents and they've gone through a lot to get you here. I'm just doing my job and so are they.\" \" Which is killing and torturing people? How comforting.\" Tim walked in and slammed the door. I blinked at him. \"Listen, I'm sorry about Wesley! I really am! He was not that bad of a guy and a good assassin. He could've done well here, even became an Elder if he wanted to. But things got fucked up back there. We were trying to figure out friend from foe, retrieve the kill order, and keep you safe while trying to find a safe way to extract you! I was just following orders!\" \"Yeah from the Ku Ku Klan!\" I yelled back. \"That's not even funny. Besides, I've killed most of them personally,\" he said. I didn't even know what to say after that so I just went and sat down on the bed. \"Listen, I'm sorry, but it could be worse. I've done my part so now you do yours. Besides, Maria has been waiting for this a long time. She does love you, whether you have realized that or not.\" With that, he left me alone in the darkness, contemplating my next move. AN: Sorry that I haven't updated in about 4 months. I lost my job, started taking an online class, and was helping mother with some stuff. Plus, I had a recent tragedy happen in my family and we had to work through that. Now, I'm at the end of my class, and I got 2 new jobs (albeit seasonal). This chapter was sitting in my laptop but I could never find time to finish it until now! I had to make time for this because so much goes down! Xavier and Maria were a lot of fun to write, and Lydia had no choice but to witness their outrageousness. Good news…more family bonding on the way! I took some of the Wanted history (in the film) and altered it a bit, but I tried to stick to the canon for the most part. Once again, I do not own anything! Please Review and thank you guys for sticking with me![Chapter 12] AN: Happy New Year! Sorry for the late update! I worked 2 jobs this holiday season, and was super busy. So here you go! Enjoy! Chapter 11- Bonding The next day, I was woken up by room service bringing me breakfast on a tray, resembling more of a buffet than a simple meal. Tim followed the waiter into the room and watched his every move as he assembled my breakfast for me. I watched the two, prey and predator, in amusement for a while until my heart took pity on the poor boy. \"This is fine. You go on ahead. I can make my own plate.\" \"Are you sure?\" the young waiter asked me, but kept his eyes on Tim. I smiled. \"Yes, I'm sure.\" The waiter nodded at me graciously and left the room quickly. \"What did you say to him?\" I asked Tim as I took a bite of jam and toast. Tim shrugged, unapologetically, \"Nothing…just that if you dropped dead in this room from poison, I would skin him alive with the butter knife.\" A horrible image entered my head and I sat my toast back on the plate. \"I need to stop eating around you guys.\" \"Knock knock!\" Maria's voice called out from the other side of the door. Tim opened it and Maria, dressed in another tight-fitting red dress, entered with a grin on her face. She sat next to me on the bed and asked, \"How are you this morning, darling? I apologize for what you witnessed last night, but lessons had to be learned and situations dealt with. I'm sure you understand.\" I nodded and she frowned. \"Is there something wrong with the food? I can send for something else if you'd like.\" I shook my head. \"No, no, I just…\" I glanced toward Tim, \"Lost my appetite is all.\" Maria looked at Tim also, who just nodded at her. \"Well, since you're done with breakfast, would you like to spend the day together? I have the whole day planned out and I have a lot of things to tell you.\" I remembered what Tim told me last night and looked at Maria. Her grin was broad, and her eyes, the very ones I inherited, were very earnest. Plus, getting out of this room would distract me, at least for a little while. So I agreed. \"Ah, marvelous! I'll let Xavier know we're leaving and get the car ready. Let Tim know when you're dressed and we'll be on our way!\" she exclaimed and gave me a quick kiss on the forehead before she departed. I turned to Tim. \"Should I be scared?\" Tim shook his head at me. \"You're going to a spa and shopping outlets…not a haunted house. So, no, she's not gonna murder you on the massage table or anything, if that answers your question.\" A short while later, Tim handed me some fresh clothes from Maria and I freshened up and dressed. I commended Maria on her picks; a light blue, loose fitted blouse, black leggings, and stylish black boots. Maria and a young woman met me in the lobby, Tim right behind me. Maria finished typing something on her phone and nodded towards the woman. \"This is Clara, my apprentice/assistant. She's a Fraternity member as well, one of our youngest at 19. Clara, this is my daughter, Lydia.\" Clara extended her hand and I took in her exotic beauty, full lips, chocolate skin, and long dark hair. With her tiny figure, she seemed to be the last person you'd think would be an assassin, but I know to never underestimate anyone. \"Nice to meet you. So, where are we off to now?\" I asked. Maria put her phone in her large purse and link my arm with hers, leading me outside to a black town car. \"Well, it seems that Xavier, our various Fraternity members, and I have received invitations to a charity ball being held at the hotel tomorrow night from the Immortal. I asked Xavier about it, and we agreed to go as a united front and settle our differences.\" The four of us entered the car, with Tim sitting up front with the driver, and I squished between Maria and Clara. \"Do you think it'll work? I mean, aren't you the least suspicious about this?\" \"Don't worry, Lydia, all of the Fraternity members will be there from all of the remaining chapters. Plus, the ball is a masquerade ball, so no one will really know assassin from civilian,\" Clara clarified. \"She's right. And you'll be protected at every turn. Xavier may have put aside his reservations, but I have not. I will make sure all of my bases are covered,\" Maria said in agreement. We arrived at a boutique not too far from the hotel, and we ushered through the back. I found out that Maria had her own \"suite\" reserved, so that we could shop in peace. Tim stood outside, ever the bodyguard, and the associate assigned to help us brought out several dresses for us to try on. Clara went first, trying on three dresses before settling on a simple A-line turquoise dress. Maria turned to me after having a sip of wine and said, \"Go on. Take your pick. You can have whatever you want.\" The last fancy event I've ever been to was prom, and I wore a hand-me-down that was given to me by a senior since I couldn't afford a dress. When the associate unveiled several dresses to me on a rack, I took a peek at the price tag on one of them. I gasped, since it was almost as much as a car! \"I don't know. This is too expensive for a dress.\" Maria waved her hand at me. \"It's fine, Lydia. I can afford it. I want you to look your best, and be the princess that I know you are,\" she grinned. \"We only use the best materials, and all of these are hand sown and hand-embroidered,\" the associate agreed. I still was unsure about it, so Clara came out of the dressing room, holding her dress, and plucked one off of the rack. \"How about this? It's black, which is slimming, and the bodice has rhinestones all over it.\" I looked at the dress myself and went to try it on. I immediately fell in love with it and decided not to choose another. When I rejoined the others, Maria had a caramel dress sitting in her lap, unwrapped. \"I'm going to get this one.\" \"Great choice. Now, onwards! We still have plenty to do on my list.\" \"Aren't you gonna try it on?\" I asked. \"I own the store, so naturally, they have my size,\" Maria answered confidently. Clara, Tim and I waited in the car while Maria took care of everything and made arrangements. Next, we hit several shops and I let Maria foot the bill as I needed fresh clothes and shoes. A few hours later, we ended back the hotel and spent the rest of the evening at the spa. With the Fraternity all around, Tim left us to ourselves. As Clara got a massage in a private room, Maria and I had pedicures and manicures together. I found myself enjoying it, but I was still unsure about Maria herself. When the staff left us alone for a short while, I asked, \"Did you really give the order for your men to kill Wesley?\" Maria took the cucumber peels off of her eyes and sat up in her chair. I tried not to laugh at the fact that one of the deadliest assassins in the world was sitting beside me with this Michael Myers cucumber mask on her face. \"No, of course not. Wesley was doing his job by keeping you safe, just as we asked. But, I don't think Xavier told him about my involvement so he attacked my men, who in turn, defended themselves. I'm sad to say that it ended that way. I had always wanted to meet Allyse's son. From what I have heard, he was so much like her already. It really is a shame.\" \"It really is,\" I said under my breath. \"But what about you? How are you holding up? I mean, really holding up? This all must be so confusing and devastating for you.\" \"Everything's been happening so fast that…it's a bit hard for me to catch up. I'm still…processing it all, I guess.\" Maria leaned over and patted my hand. \"I do apologize for what happened to your mother. I may be your biological mother, but she was the woman who raised you and was there for you when I wasn't. I will always be grateful for her and what she's done for you.\" Tears welled in my eyes thinking about it, and I turned my head away. I didn't want Maria to see me cry. I pulled myself together quickly and changed the subject. \"What about the Immortal? Are we just gonna let him off of the hook for everything that he's done?\" Maria leaned back in her chair and gave me a small smile. \"Of course not! We all have committed sins, in one way or another, but he has committed sins against us. The way it works is that if someone commits crimes against the Fraternity, we wipe them out or the Elders come to an agreement as to what will become of them. It was a way to either punish those who had turned their backs on us and keep our brothers in line, or to avoid bloodshed. As you learned earlier, it wasn't the greatest system, and being ruled by greedy, power-hungry men; it led to our downfall. Xavier doesn't want history to repeat itself so agreed to a truce.\" \"I still don't buy that. Why would someone like the Immortal agree to terms like that? I think there's more to the story,\" I replied. Maria nodded. \"And I agree completely. I loved Xavier once, but he has become consumed by greed and power. He's almost as bad as the Immortal. I believe once he gets the chance, he'll kill the Immortal himself, and gain the French Fraternity and his monetary assets. I believe he wants to build an empire, and he's willing to risk your life to do it, so I don't trust him. I haven't trusted him since I woke up in that hotel room, alone, 22 years ago.\" \"So, you have a plan?\" Maria laughed like a supervillain. \"Of course I have a plan! I wouldn't have survived all these years at the hands of men without thinking ahead. I just need all of the pieces to come together at the right time. You see, Lydia, all this…will be nothing but a simple dream. This life…it's lonely, bloody, and dangerous as you have learned. No one makes it out alive…but I will make sure you will. You will have a life after this, one filled with peace and happiness. I will make sure of it.\" \"How?\" Maria laughed again. \"Because…I'm going to destroy the Fraternity.\" AN: Please Review![Chapter 13] AN: Sorry for the late update! I was working a lot and studying for a big exam. But hopefully this makes up for it! Chapter 12- Masquerade Soon, it was time for the big masquerade ball. I twirled around in the dress, admiring myself from head to toe in the full length bathroom mirror. My hair was curled, but in a half-up, half-down style; my makeup was dark around my eyes, but I wore red lipstick for a pop of color. I twirled around once more, and then reached for the black clutch on the dresser. There was a knock on my door, and I let Tim in. \"Hey, you look nice,\" he greeted. \"Thanks. C'mon, let's get this over with,\" I mused. I took his arm and left the room. We took an elevator downstairs and met Clara, who looked absolutely stunning in her dress and makeup. I noticed many others passing us in the lobby, also dressed in formal wear. \"Why are they exiting the hotel?\" I asked, but then Clara and Tim escorted me outside themselves. I stared at Clara, confused. \"The ballroom had to be closed down for…emergency repairs, so now it's at the civic center down the street,\" Clara explained. \"What were the emergency repairs for?\" \"Don't worry about it; just keep walking,\" Tim said to me as he glanced behind us. I peeked behind us as well and caught two more men dressed in suits. More bodyguards , I realized. Several minutes later, we arrived at the center. Giant marble columns were dressed in red ribbon and green banners hung from the roof, displaying the logo for the charity ball. There was a red carpet filled with photographers, fans, and beautiful people waving and smiling. I couldn't get a glimpse at who might be arriving as I was shuffled past the crowd and into the building. Two men approached us and asked for IDs, but Clara whispered something in one of the bouncer's ear. He nodded at the second bouncer and they unclipped the red rope to let us pass. A few people still in line began yelling at the bouncers once we passed them. Tim let go of my arm and leaned down to whisper in my ear. \"Listen, I have to go on patrol, but I'll be around to keep an eye on you. Just play it cool and everything should go smoothly.\" I gave him a look that said, \"Yeah, right,\" and he just smirked before disappearing into the crowd hovering in front of the main doors. \"You ready?\" Clara asked, handing me a mask. I nodded and took a deep breath. We put on our masks in unison, and entered the room. The room was decorated quite plainly to my disappointment. There were white curtains hanging from the giant ceiling alongside the walls, round tables with white tablecloths and simple daisies painted black as the centerpieces. In the corner, there was a makeshift bar with a line already starting to form. On the other side of the room, there was a wide stage where a band was playing and a lounge singer belted out some high notes to a song I did not recognize. Clara and I walked down the steps slowly, taking it in. Everyone had masks, most of them covering the whole face like mine. When we reached the bottom, Maria greeted us. I recognized her dress and the way it fit her body made me feel a bit insecure in mine. \"Hello, darlings! Those dresses look beautiful on you! It's too bad that I can't see your lovely faces! Anyways, what do you think of the venue? I know it's not much, but it was a pain to scramble this together under such short notice…\" she commented, squeezing in between Clara and me. \"You set this up?\" I asked. \"No, not really; I own the building; it was given to me as a gift from Xavier, but the owner of the charity needed a new place to hold the ball. So I offered my services…for a hefty fee,\" she replied. I could practically hear the smile in her voice. Clara's phone beeped suddenly and she waved at us before wandering off into the crowd. Maria leaned closer to me and said, \"Don't worry; he hasn't arrived yet. Plus, our people are everywhere. Xavier has his people checking the front doors, and my people are in the back. He won't get inside unless we know about it.\" I guessed that was supposed to reassure me, but then again, everyone was wearing masks. How am I supposed to tell civilian from assassin? \"That's great. Thanks,\" I replied. Maria squeezed my shoulder and said, \"I mean it, Lydia, you don't have to worry. I'll make sure to follow through on my promise. You will get out of here safe and sound. So, just relax, and enjoy yourself. I have to go find your father, but I'll be close.\" With that, she left me, and I inched into the crowd. I didn't turn many heads, but the ones I did turn made me uncomfortable. I didn't want to think about all of the assassins watching my every move, even though no one could tell it was me because of the mask. Then, someone tapped me on the shoulder. I turned around to a man dressed in a navy blue suit, porcelain mask, and deep brown eyes. He held out his hand and asked, \"Would you like to dance?\" I nodded and took his hand. He guided me through a short waltz and then a tango, even dipping me at the end of the song. I laughed and said, \"Wow that was amazing! I never danced with anyone like that!\" \"Even though I can't see your lovely face, I feel the same. You have quite the feet on you. My elder will be impressed.\" My blood froze and my heart started thumping like crazy. Elder? \"What?\" \"You heard me,\" his deep, baritone voice taunted, \"my elder. My mentor, my boss…the Immortal. I'm sure you've heard of him, Lydia.\" I swallowed. \"How did you know it was me?\" \"As you know, Maria has a certain…presence about her. The way she was holding onto you, whispering in your ear…I figured it out. And if I did, the others did too.\" \"Is he here?\" I asked, my voice now a whisper. He shook his head. \"No, no. He's not a flashy type of guy, you know, like the others here who show up with their whole entourage. Of course he sent several of us to scout ahead. Don't worry, Lydia, we're not allowed to…commit certain acts unless provoked or ordered.\" \"The last thing I want to do is provoke anyone.\" He laughed. \"You may be an abomination, but you are gifted. It would be a shame to waste it. Farewell, Lydia Simpson.\" The mystery man disappeared into the crowd. I took a few deep breaths to pull myself together and slowly eased through the crowd. I desperately wanted to get a drink, but I knew that wouldn't be the smart thing to do. Last thing I needed was to be drunk when the bullets would start flying. Instead, I went to the bar and got a bottle of water. I sat at a nearby table and gulped it down, watching the crowd. The smidge of security I had built up in the last hour was now lost like a needle in a haystack. I wondered if I could escape, but also knew that to be pointless. Maria or Xavier or their men would catch me before I set foot outside. I guessed my best bet now would be to try to find Maria. At least if I stayed by her side, I knew I would be safe (for now). I threw the bottle away and eased through the crowd again, my eyes searching for her dress or Clara's. Then, someone grabbed my arm just as the singer started singing a cover of \"Young and Beautiful\" by Lana Del Rey. \"Yes!?\" I asked in frustration. The man dressed in a black and white suit, no tie, and a grey and blue mask, held out his hand. I sighed, since I didn't really want to dance, but I didn't want to be rude. Plus, he smelled…familiar. There was also something about him wasn't off-putting. I took his hand and he pulled me close. He rested his hands on my hips and I placed my hands on his shoulders. We rocked back in forth to the song as other couples danced similarly around us. I kept my head level with his chest, not wanting to look up. In my head, I was trying to decipher if he was an assassin or not, but nothing really gave anything away. I sighed as we neared the end of the song and my mystery man gave my waist a quick squeeze. I finally looked up and into…his piercing blue eyes. But it couldn't be…could it? Wesley…alive? That was crazy, but then again…I had seen crazier in the last 48 hours. \"Wes-Wesley? Wesley, is that you?\" I asked softly, so only he would hear. He didn't move his head; instead, he peered over my head and squeezed my waist again. My heart had sped up again, and my face was warming up. \"How did you get here? How did you know it was me? How are you even-\" Before I could finish, he placed his index finger on the lips of my mask. Then, he stared down at me for a moment, reached out for my hand to squeeze it, and disappeared into the crowd. I raced after him, but it was moot. He was gone… poof. \"Wesley…\" I whimpered, trying not to cry. I really didn't know what to feel…happy, sad, angry, or frustrated. Clara found me in the crowd and said, \"Oh, hey, there you are! Your mother is looking for you. She needs you now!\" Clara gently took my arm and started leading me in the opposite direction. I turned around, hoping to spot Wesley in the crowd. To my disappointment, I didn't. Clara nodded to two men near the curtains on the right side of the room, and they moved them back to reveal a door. Clara led me through the door, a hallway, up two flights of stairs, and into a small office where Maria and Xavier were conversing. There were two women and two men in the room also, one of them Tim. He nodded at me and I took the mask off since the others were also mask-less. Clara took hers off and placed it in the nearby garbage bin. She handed me a handkerchief as well. \"For the sweat. It's wet around your forehead, \"Clara mentioned. I wiped my forehead and asked, \"What is going on?\" Maria walked over to me and took my hand in hers. \"He's here… the Immortal .\" My eyes widened. \" What!\" \"Yes, my dear…it's show time,\" Xavier grinned but Maria glared at him. I sent a frightened look at Clara and Tim. Please Review![Chapter 14] AN:So I know it's been 3 months since I updated! I'm so sorry! I moved to Texas with my boyfriend, got moved in and settled, got a job, got laid off from job a few weeks later, and now I'm in the midst of job searching! Plus, the bf got me a new laptop for my birthday and I had to transfer all my stories and files. So here ya go! Chapter 13! (We're almost to the end guys!) Chapter 13- Truth \"Is everything set?\" asked Maria. \"Yes, all set and ready to go,\" Clara clarified. \"Good...Lydia you're up,\" Maria said as she clasped my shoulder. \"What?\" \"You'll be joining me and the Immortal in the conference room. Don't worry, it's just a business exchange,\" Xavier explained as he entered the room followed by two guards. Maria glared at Xavier before pushing me in his direction. He held his arm out and I took it before looking back at Maria. She nodded at me and Xavier sent a smirk in her direction. She rolled her eyes in response. Tim exited the room with us and I glanced at him as my heart started hammering in my chest. He sent me a sad smile before his face smoothed out into an emotionless mask. Xavier and I continued down the hallway briskly, nodding at the various passerby. I admired the various statues and paintings on the walls as we headed down the 'hallway of hell'. Finally, we reached two wooden doors and Xavier knocked three times. \"It is I, Walter Xavier, elder of the Russian Fraternity. I have brought my daughter, Lydia.\" Afterwards, Xavier knocked two more times and the doors were opened. I gasped at the man who greeted us. His hair was jet black and slicked back like Xavier's, he wore a pristine grey suit, but most of all, I gasped at his face. His face was scarred along the left side, only to fade out on the right. The grey eye on the right seemed oddly bored, and the left eye was covered with an eyepatch. Wow, Cross really did do a number on him, I thought. I swallowed and dropped my eyes to the floor. The scowl on his lips formed into a smirk and he shook Xavier's hand. \"Xavier,\" the Immortal greeted in a thick French accent. \"Francis,\" Xavier greeted in return. They dropped hands and the Immortal, or Francis, turned his attention to me. \"Aww, this must be the lovely Lydia that I have heard so much about.\" I nodded but didn't look up. I didn't want to look at the man that killed my mother. Xavier must have picked up on the awkward tension and said, \"I believe we have some business matters to discuss, Francis?\" \"Ah, yes.\" the Immortal motioned for us to enter. As Xavier and I entered, three guards left the room. I looked around and noticed that it looked just like any other conference room, except there were no windows. There were three large wooden tables, 12 chairs, 6 bookshelves covering the walls, and a laptop at the south end of room. Standing by it, a woman, appearing to be in her 30s or so, stood, clad in an all black pantsuit. She looked up from the laptop, her piercing green eyes giving Xavier and I the onceover, and went back to whatever she was working on. \"Sit here,\" Xavier whispered in my ear. I sat on the left side as Xavier took his seat at the north end. \"I must say, you look quite elegant this evening, Sarah,\" Xavier smiled at the woman. She scoffed and rose from her station, allowing the Immortal to sit. She ran her hand through her curled blond hair, and said, \"I see you have not changed one bit, Xavier. You violate the code, break out laws, take a traitor and abomination under your protection, and yet, you still make time for small talk. I am not amused by your compliments.\" I opened my mouth to say something back, but all that comes out is \"OW!\" as Xavier kicks me under the table. I turned to him, and he nodded at me. Then, I huffed at sat back in my chair. \"Dear Sarah, I never asked you to be amused,\" Xavier smirked and clasped his hands together. The Immortal typed a few things on the laptop and turned it around for Xavier and I to see. \"There it is...just what you asked. Now, where is my part of the bargain?\" Xavier rose from his seat and I eyed Sarah. The whole thing felt uneasy, but she definitely put me on edge. She was eyeing Xavier like a cat ready to pounce. I wished I had a weapon on me, but I was a prisoner. Xavier glanced at the laptop and asked, \"Have all of the contracts been signed? Everything has been released to me?\" \"Everything but our Fraternity and the clothes on our backs. Now, as Francis asked, where is he?\" Sarah glared. Xavier typed away and smiled gleefully. \"Thank you for doing business with me. And, I'm afraid, you will have to ask Maria.\" The Immortal stood up with a jolt and I nearly fell over in my chair. He looked straight into Xavier's face and yelled, \"YOU PROMISED HIM TO ME XAVIER! YOU PROMISED ME THE WESLEY BOY! I KEPT MY END OF THE BARGAIN AND GAVE YOU MY COMPANY!\" Xavier smiled back at him. \"Like a gentleman, I thanked you. I, however, did not promise you Cross's boy; only the safety of my daughter. Besides, it seems that the body has...disappeared.\" There was a click and suddenly, Sarah stood up, a gun in her hand...with the barrel of it facing me. I clutched my seat in shock. \"You have betrayed us once again, Xavier! We told you we would forget the code in this instance! Have you not forgotten?\" Sarah asked. \"We have all violated the code, one way or another. I have a child; you both, as well as your fraternity, have begun killing innocents for profit. Maria and I know you were working with Sloan. Your elders caused the Russian Fraternity to nearly go bankrupt and Sloan offered you a chance to restore yourselves. I also know that Francis helped Sloan track down Wesley once he found out Cross was still alive. You want the kill order? Well, here, take it!\" Xavier pulled it out of his jacket and slammed it down on the table. \"I thought they were after…\" I said in a small voice, very, very confused. \"Sloan made that kill order and Cross saw him do it. Like the others, he wanted your Fraternity for himself. He wanted it all for himself, and the perfect distraction was the Wesley boy. Sloan wanted you killed, Francis, and your elders sent you after his son. Of course, he retaliated. After that fight with Cross, you were ashamed and scared for your life...so you killed your own elders and took over.\" \"No! That can't be...can it? Is is true, Francis? Please tell me it's not true!\" Sarah asked with tears in her eyes. I sighed in relief when she lowered her gun. The Immortal walked over to a nearby bookcase and sighed, \"It is...true, my dear Sarah. But I did not kill them! Fate wanted them dead! I did my duty to the Loom! I followed the code! And now, I doing my will for Fate!\" The Immortal pulled his own gun from behind the bookcase and I dove underneath the table. Sarah screamed and the doors opened. The first several guards went down in a heap and I covered my head as bullets flew all over the room. I screamed when a body crashed near me and saw the Immortal lying face down on the ground. Then, it went quiet, and Tim yelled, \"Lydia! Lydia!\" \"I-I'm o-okay!\" I yelled back from under the table, still shaken up. Suddenly, I was yanked out from underneath the table, and tears sprang to my eyes as I felt the barrel of a gun touch my temple. \"Walk,\" Xavier growled in my ear. Sarah and Tim were the only ones standing and they back out into the hallway. I glanced around and saw Maria and about 12 members of her fraternity standing nearby with their guns drawn in our direction. The doors opened behind them and I presumed Xavier or the Immortal's Fraternity had entered. They drew their guns at Maria's group and a few of them turned around in their direction. \"I knew I couldn't trust you,\" Maria scoffed. \"You know what I want Maria,\" Xavier said aloud. \"My dead body and my Fraternity? Never ,\" Maria said menacingly. \"Let the girl go, Xavier. This is not how we do things. Think about the code,\" Sarah said. \"Fuck the code! That's my daughter ! And, you'll know what will happen, Sarah. You know why we're here,\" Maria said. Then, it hit me. Maria was right. Xavier didn't care about me or Maria; he wanted the Fraternities. He wanted control of them and thought to kill all of the elders here. It was the only time he would be able to get them all in one place and get rid of them, leaving no one else to turn to, but him. Wesley and I were bait; we had been all along. I also realized that Xavier had probably ordered to have my mother killed so I would side with him and not question his motives. I was always a pawn in his game. \"You wanted this to happen, didn't you? You planned it all out, didn't you?\" I questioned. \"Not all of it; but yes, some was orchestrated. The Immortal wanted to see that you were still alive and wanted Wesley's body along with the kill order. But I knew Francis was desperate; he was gonna kill us all.\" \"What are you talking about Xavier?\" Tim asked. \"He rigged the place; it's full of explosives. He planned to kill us all!\" Xavier shouted back. \"He's right. I was in charge of the project myself,\" Sarah confirmed. \"Just let her go, Xavier, and this won't be the end of us all. We can choose another way,\" Maria said. Xavier's grip tightened and he smirked, \"Sorry, my dear, but I have an empire to run.\" I closed my eyes and braced for death, and suddenly, a gunshot rang out. The grip on me loosened, and the barrel disappeared from my forehead. I heard a thud behind me and a groan as Xavier fell to the ground. \"Surprise, douchebag!\" Wesley called out. My head snapped to the conference room and Wesley, clad in a black suit with a black mask and orange goggles, entered with a sniper rifle in his hands. \"Wesley!\" I breathed out in relief. \"And guess what? I have the detonator,\" Wesley taunted as Xavier rolled over and pointed his gun as Wesley. \"Drop it,\" Tim ordered as he placed his gun on Xavier's forehead. Xavier sighed and laid back onto the floor. \"Is...is it over?\" I asked. I spoke too soon as I noticed the Immortal move the hand with his gun in it and point it at Wesley. \"NO!\" I screamed as I ran towards him. In the span of a few seconds, the Immortal's gun rang out, I pushed Wesley out of the way, and felt the bullet hit the bodice of my dress as we tumbled to the ground. As darkness threatened to overtake me, I saw the Immortal reached for the laptop and press a button. Suddenly, alarms rang out in the building and as Wesley screamed my name over and over. By then, I had blacked out. AN: Please Review![Chapter 15] So this chapter is very much overdue. I do apologize for that. I didn't give up on this story; it's more like after the last chapter, I didn't know where to go next. Then, life took over and I kinda left it sitting. Then, a few weeks ago, I was watching Mockingjay Part 2 and I knew exactly where to go. I started writing again, but in between the holidays, my wedding (YEAH I GOT MARRIED), and now I'm back in college, I didn't get a chance to really tackle this. But I'm back and I will give you guys the concluding chapters of this story that you deserve. I will try to post the next chapter before the end of the week. Once again, I am sincerely and completely sorry for leaving you guys hanging for 3 years. So...enjoy! Chapter 14- Reunited When I awoke, I found myself staring up at the ceiling...of my hotel room. I sat up immediately and spots clouded my visions. My head felt cloudy and lightheaded. Someone rushed to my side and whispered, \"Slowly, slowly.\" I knew that raspy voice. \" Pekwarsky? What the hell are you doing here?\" I asked, stunned, as my vision began to clear. \"Maria invited me,\" he answered as he handed me a glass of water sitting on the end table. Then, he sat beside me on the bed. \"She invited you? What is going on? Where's Xavier? Where's Wesley ?!\" \"Shhh, shhh. Calm down, Lydia. You are perfectly fine, and perfectly safe. Wesley is in a meeting with Maria and the others; I'm only here as a courtesy to him.\" \"What? And you didn't answer my question: Where's Xavier? \" \"He's dead,\" Pekwarsky answered, matter-of-factly. \"Wait...how long have I been out?\" I must've been out for some time for all of the new developments to take place. \"Only ten hours, I believe. From what I understand, when you sacrifice yourself to protect Wesley, you were shot. You hit your head and became unconscious. However, the bodice of your dress was bulletproof... your mother's idea ,\" he explained. I lifted up the baggy shirt I was currently wearing and examined my stomach. Other than the bruises Wesley gave me that were starting to fade, there was no evidence that a bullet pierced through my skin. I should've known that my dress was probably bulletproof; no doubt, most of Maria's wardrobe was made out of some kind of bulletproof material. \"Do you know what happened afterwards?\" I asked as I lifted my shirt down and fiddled with the comforter covering my bottom half. \"There was a brief confrontation between the Immortal, Xavier, Maria, and Wesley. Tim and Clara escaped with your body, the Immortal's followers fought the rest of the Fraternity, and Maria and Wesley killed Xavier. Wesley only wounded the Immortal before he shot Wesley in the shoulder and escaped with the rest of his followers. According to the news, the police believe it was some kind of terrorist attack; and Maria left Xavier's body to be found by the police. They believe he was the mastermind behind the whole attack.\" \"How could they possibly believe that?\" \"Maria and Sarah have made plenty of contacts over the years and the paid them handsomely; I do not doubt that they could pull this off without lifting a finger.\" \"What about surveillance? Fingerprints?\" Pekwarsky gave me a knowing look. I looked away as I already knew the answer to that. \"How long have you been in town?\" \"I arrived two days ago, and Maria placed me in a safe house under constant supervision. She only invited me to the hotel this morning and she and Wesley explained what had happened.\" \"Then, why are they still here? If the Immortal is still out there, why aren't they chasing after him ? What is so important that Maria invited you here?\" \"I believe that will be explained shortly once the others arrive.\" \" The others?! \" Pekwarsky patted my arm and said, \"Patience, Lydia. But I must say, I am glad to see that you are still in one piece. You might have it in you after all.\" \"But I feel as if I haven't done anything. I didn't kill Xavier for betraying me, I didn't kill the Immortal for nearly killing me and Wesley several times over...I feel useless .\" I took a sip and someone knocked on the door. Pekwarsky rose from the bed and said, \"You may feel that way, but we both know it isn't true. From what I hear, you were persistent in your training with Wesley, you found the kill order, and you saved Wesley's life. You may not be an assassin, but you aren't useless.\" \"Can I come in?\" Clara asked as her head peeked in the doorway. \"She's alive and awake,\" Pekwarsky replied. \"Oh, alright...Maria wants to speak with you and…\"she trailed off as Wesley opened the door all of the way. He was back in his usual attire; a gray jacket, a white wife beater, and black jeans. His hair was messy, a cut on the side of his left cheek was starting to fade, and dark stubble had grown on his chin. His sharp blue eyes were warm, but with a hint of hesitation. \"Let's leave them be. I'm sure they have much to discuss,\" Pekwarsky said as he began to walk out of the room. He paused for a quick moment to pat Wesley on the shoulder before Clara shut the door, leaving the two of us alone. We said nothing to each other for a while, only our eyes boring one another. Even though I was relieved that he was alive, that he had tried to save my life, I was also very, very pissed . These emotions that I was experiencing were so confusing, as if they were blending into one another like a raging sea. On one hand, I wanted to throw something at him and punch him for making me believe that he was dead for several days; but on the other hand, I wanted to push him down on the bed and smash his mouth to mine as I had missed him terribly. After sometime Wesley looked down and said, \"Uh, hey.\" I placed the water glass on the table and began throwing the pillows at him. A few hit and a few missed, but I didn't care. I needed to get out my aggression. \" YOU MAKE ME BELIEVE THAT YOU WERE DEAD FOR SEVERAL DAYS….AND, AND YOU JUST SHOW UP OUTTA NOWHERE, SCARE THE SHIT OUTTA ME, MAKE ME WORRY ABOUT YOU, KILL MY FATHER, LET THE IMMORTAL GET AWAY...AND ALL YOU CAN SAY IS...IS...HEY! \" I screamed at him. Wesley caught one of the pillows and yelled back, \" I GET IT, OKAY! I FUCKED UP! BUT I'M ALIVE, AND THERE WAS A PLAN...A PLAN TO KEEP YOU SAFE!\" \" What?\" I was now standing near the headboard of the bed, holding the last pillow in my hands. Wesley threw the pillow he had back on the bed. As he slowly walked over to me, he explained, \"At the beach house, the girl, Clara I think, she shot me...but not where it would kill me. I woke up in the bathroom of a safe house and...Pekwarsky was there. But so was Maria. And Tim.\" Tim was in on this too! Who wasn't keeping secrets from me? He continued, creeping closer, \"I thought the Immortal had gotten to you, but Maria intercepted us before he did. She had Clara shoot me so he would think I was dead, and her people got you out of there before things escalated. She told me everything; about Xavier, Sloan, the Immortal and all of the scheming that had been going on behind her back. Then, she told me about my mother, the day I was born, how she had helped my parents protect me, etc., etc. I didn't want to believe it, but Tim and Pekwarsky, the one person I knew I could trust, backed up her claims.\" Now Wesley was standing over me, his blue eyes soft and piercing. He removed the pillow from my hands and they dropped to my sides. I wanted to stay mad, but his gaze held me in place like a statue. The way he looked at me, I knew he was telling the truth, and I felt the anger in my bones fade away. My heart was hammering in my chest, and a different, but all too familiar energy began to emerge stir inside me. \"So once I decided to believe her, she told me of a plan she was forming. Her plan to end the Fraternity once and for all. But to do that, we needed to get the others on our side and Xavier and the Immortal out of the way. I agreed to let her have Xavier to herself, and she let me have the Immortal. We had a plan set for that night, but Xavier turning on her, at least at that time, wasn't something Maria expected. So, he threw a wrench in our plans, and the Immortal got away.\" Wesley was so close, his face barely an inch from mine. He moved a piece of hair from my face and tucked it behind my ear. Then, he traced my cheek with his fingertips, sending shivers up my spine. I swallowed, the energy between us pulsing and thickening as I felt it run through my veins. His minty breath was hot on my face as he breathed, \"Remind me to never get on Maria's bad side. Your mom's pretty talented...and badass.\" I let out a laugh and he finally kissed me, caressing my face like a delicate flower. Happy tears began to stream down my cheeks as I revelled in his touch. For a long while, I thought he was gone, and I despised the fact that what I was experiencing now would no longer be a reality. Plus, I wanted to learn more about Wesley since to me, he was part man, part kindred spirit, and part enigma. I still hated the part where everyone decided to keep secrets from me, but my anger wouldn't change anything now. Wesley was here with me, and that was all that mattered. I broke the kiss and breathed, \"What about the Immortal?\" Wesley looked into my eyes and sighed, \"He's gone...at least for now. He's gone off the grid, but Sarah, his right hand, thinks he's going back to France. We think he's going to lie low for a while, but he knows I'm gonna find him. He'll recoup his numbers and when he's ready, it'll be war .\" Even though being with Wesley was the safest place I could be, I was still uneasy about the Immortal being out there. He was like the Boogeyman; you can't always see him, but you know he's there, lurking in the shadows. Wesley resumed kissing me and even whispered, \" God, I missed you. \" I just nodded and let Wesley push me down on the bed, his mouth still attached to mine. A heat bloomed in my core, and the room felt a thousand degrees hotter. As Wesley explored my mouth with his tongue, I tasted mint toothpaste and chocolate on his breath and his hands traced the exposed stomach that was peeking out of my shirt. I tugged at his jacket, and Wesley shrugged it off, as well as the wife beater underneath, exposing his toned stomach and chest. I traced the now-healed bullet hole on his left shoulder, and kissed it gently. Wesley gave me a tiny smile, before kissing me again, as if he was a man dying of thirst and I was the deep well of water there to satiate his need. Then, Wesley shifted down towards my navel and slowly began to leave faint kisses from my stomach to my chest, lifting my shirt up as he went. Whoever had dressed me, I presumed it was Maria, hadn't bothered to put me in bra and the shorts I was wearing were closer to underwear than shorts, so I was pretty exposed. I was tingling all over, the heat inside me only growing stronger with every second. Wesley was about to uncover \"the promise land\" when a knock halted his actions. Wesley and I looked at each other, and then there was another knock, but harder. I called out, \"Y-Yes?\" \"Whatever you're doing in there, I suggest you wrap it up soon as the meeting is about to begin,\" Maria answered from the other side of the door. \"What meeting?\" I asked, looking from the door to Wesley. He explained, \"We're meeting with what's left of the other Fraternities.\" We were still in a compromising position so I yelled back, \"Okay, um, we'll be there in a minute!\" Wesley groaned as his head dropped onto my bare stomach. We heard Maria walk away and I said, \"Every time we try to…\" Wesley sighed and sat up, pulling his shirt back over his head. \"At least it wasn't me this time.\" I smiled and Wesley held his hand out to pull me off of the bed. He gave me a few more kisses, the last one lingering the longest. I quickly glanced down at his pants and laughed. \"Are those Mentos in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?\" I joked, sending him a wink and mischievous grin. He rolled his eyes at me as he put on his jacket. I found my bag at the far end of the room and rummaged through it to find something suitable to wear. \"But really, why are the other Fraternities here?\" Wesley paced around the room, I guessed it was to calm himself down, and he said, \"Maria, Sarah, and Tim negotiated a truce among the Spanish, Russian, and the other half of the French Fraternity who hadn't died or followed the Immortal. We're all going to take a vote.\" \"On what?\" I asked as I settled on a grey t-shirt and jeans. \"To end the Fraternity, all of it, after we find and defeat the Immortal.\" Please Review! ","Summary":" Prologue Have you heard the news? Bad things come in twos. But I never knew 'Bout the little things"},{"Movie":"John Wick","Title":"John Wick: A Father Scorned","Author":"P.J. Lowry","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11025430","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The morning had started the same way it had for the last several months. John would slip out of bed, shower and pretty much prepare for a day of doing nothing. He'd turn the news on, cook up some eggs and toast. That particular morning he was in the mood for over easy, something runny. He brewed up a single mug of coffee and was sitting at table eating his breakfast when the routine changed. There was a knock at the door. John paused for a moment and put his mug down, hoping it was just some girl guides selling cookies or a nutty Mormon trying to sell the good word. Something that would knock once and then leave without bothering him any further. Then there was a second knock at the door. No sounds or call outs. Just knocking. John paused again before he finally rose from his seat. He slowly strolled over to the door and paused again for a moment before opening it a crack. To his surprise was someone from his past. Someone he hadn't seen in over ten years. \"Mr. Hashimoto?\" John said, almost in disbelief. \"Mr. Wick.\" Hashimoto replied with a short bow. John looked behind the fat man and there were several armed men behind him. He wasn't worried about them at the moment. If Hashimoto had wanted John dead, he would have sent the gunman first rather than himself. It was clear to John he wanted something else. \"What do you want?\" John politely asked, going along for the time being. \"I need to speak with you.\" Hashimoto replied, \"It's of the upmost urgency.\" \"I'm sure you've heard that I'm retired.\" John replied, assuming the man was there to hire him. Hashimoto was the most influential man in Tokyo. Why else would have him fly all the way over to visit him? \"It's personal.\" Mr. Hashimoto said as his eyes pleaded with him. \"Hear what I have to say. If you refuse to help me after I tell you what I know, I will leave in peace. You have my word.\" That was only the second time in his entire life that Hashimoto had given John his work. Until this very moment he came knocking on his door, the old man had kept the first. John opened the door and gestured for the old man to enter. \"They stay outside.\" \"Agreed.\" The old man said as he shuffled in. As a sign of respect, he removed his shoes before stepping inside any further. \"In the kitchen,\" John ordered as he closed the door. \"I was just having breakfast.\" As they both strolled into the kitchen, John motioned to the machine that was beside the sink. \"Coffee?\" The old man was surprised as he sat down at the table. \"Yes, please.\" \"How do you take it?\" John asked as he started the machine up to make another single cup. \"One sugar.\" The old man replied, \"And cream.\" John made up the coffee and gave it to Hashimoto before returned to his seat and turned off the television. \"You have ten minutes.\" \"I need your help.\" Hashimoto started. \"I figured that much out.\" John replied, \"Is this about Natsuki?\" \"No, it is not.\" Hashimoto said as he took a sip of coffee and paused. \"I'm sorry to tell you this but Natsuki died five years ago.\" John had no idea. He sipped his own coffee and then took a deep breath. \"I'm very sorry to hear that.\" \"It was an accident.\" Hashimoto replied, \"Things happen that are sometimes out of your control. I know you two were very close and I apologize for not telling you sooner.\" \"I had a life of my own.\" John admitted, \"I had promised to stay away and I did.\" \"Yes.\" Hashimoto concurred. \"You did what you said you would do. Very honorable.\" \"Then why are you here if it isn't about her?\" John asked. \"It's about my granddaughter.\" Hashimoto replied. John looked back up at old man, surprised. \"Natsaki had a child?\" \"She did.\" Hashimoto said as he took a photo out of his pocket and slid it across the table to John. \"Her name is Yuna. She's such a wonderful girl. I have been raising her as if she were my own since Natsuki's passing. She's all I have left of her.\" \"What happened to her?\" John asked as he started to get an idea of where this was going. \"Some new punk named The Golden Dragon has been trying to muscle in on my territory for a while now.\" Hashimoto answered, \"Turf wars for my territory have always been honorable, until this Dragon fellow decided to make it personal.\" \"He kidnapped your granddaughter.\" John guessed as the personal part of the conversation was finally coming to light. \"Yes.\" Hashimoto confirmed, holding his head down in shame. \"When did this happen?\" John asked. \"Seven days ago.\" Hashimoto replied, \"Two days ago they sent me her pinky finger in the mail.\" \"Son of a bitch.\" John cussed to himself. Whoever this Dragon was, he was as serious as a heart attack and wasn't going to back down. Hashimoto had started to cry. \"They said if I do not give him all my territory, they will gang rape her before sending me her head in a box.\" \"Why don't you give him what he wants?\" John honestly asked. \"You have more than enough money to retire and start somewhere new.\" \"Yes, I would do it without hesitation.\" Hashimoto confessed, \"But I have no assurances he will keep his side of the deal.\" \"You're afraid they'll kill her anyway.\" John stood up from the table and walked over to the window. Hashimoto was there for a good reason. Someone he loved was being tortured and likely would be killed even if the old man gave the new gangsters everything they wanted. They're out to set an example, give every other boss in the city a reason to shake in their boots and never think of crossing The Golden Dragon. To young irresponsible punks like that, the life of a young girl was nothing to them. \"Please.\" Hashimoto said as he looked ready to get on his knees and beg. \"You have to help me.\" \"I don't have to do anything,\" John corrected him. \"This is your mess, not mine.\" \"This is your mess as much as it is mine!\" Hashimoto called out, sounding very desperate. John had suspected something from the moment Hashimoto had slide the picture of the young women over to him at the table. \"How old is Yuna?\" \"Thirteen.\" Hashimoto replied. Without any notice, John turned around and grabbed the old man by the collar and heaved him out of the chair with great strength. The anger that was pulsing through his veins felt like acid, burning his skin with uncontrollable rage. \"She's mine, isn't she?\" \"Yes... Natsaki delivered her seven months after you left Tokyo.\" Hashimoto confirmed, \"You are Yuna's biological father.\" John let go of the old man and walked back to the window. \"You don't want to be here. If you had your way, I would have never known.\" \"Yes.\" Hashimoto admitted, \"I feel great shame being here today.\" \"For what?\" John asked as he turned to face the old man again. \"I have failed not only as a father, but as a grandfather.\" Hashimoto said as the tears came down his cheeks. \"I have failed to protect the ones I love. I am here because I will do anything to save Yuna, even if it meant confessing all of my failures to you.\" John could only imagine how humbled the old man had to be coming to John of all people for help. They were never friends and John was the last person Hashimoto wanted as a son-in-law. He wanted to fight for Natsaki, but she insisted he leave Japan. She knew that someone she cared about would die and she made John give his word to leave and never return. She also made her father vow to never follow him. Both men had kept their word and now there was a child that needed help. The old man is so desperate he didn't hesitate to come to the last man he ever wanted to talk to and confess things he never wanted to tell anyone. The man was truly desperate. \"You stay here.\" John said as he picked up what was left of his dishes and put them into the sink. \"Where are you going?\" Hashimoto asked. \"To pack.\" John replied. \"I assume you came here by private charter?\" \"Yes.\" The old man replied. \"Does this mean you're going to help me?\" \"No,\" John said as he looked back at him with a fierce gaze. \"I'm going to help Yuna. If it happens to benefit you or your business, it is entirely unintentional.\" \"Thank you!\" the old man called out. \"Don't thank me yet.\" John replied, \"You haven't heard my conditions.\" \"Anything!\" the old man called out. \"I'll do anything!\" \"We'll see about that.\" John said as he went to the garage to get his equipment. He was going to need a lot of guns, ammunition and coins. Lots of coins.[Chapter 2] He was sitting at his usual table with a pen in one hand and a dry martini in the other. There were four olives in it, but he would never eat them until the glass was empty. With his pen he was crunching a few numbers and doing business in the last place where anyone would want to do business. Since he was the owner of establishment, it was impossible for him to avoid work. This place was his business. Everyone was content and behaving themselves. Several months ago the bar and the hotel had hit a bit of a dry spell. Someone had violated the rules and as a result one of his customers was found in his room, murdered. The person who did it was swiftly dealt with but that didn't change what happened. Many clients cancelled reservations and kept their distance for a while. It wasn't the first time someone had crossed the Continental and Winston knew Ms. Perkins was not likely going to be the last. The best Winston could do was go out of his way to assure his clients that efforts were being made to make sure something like this would never happen again. He had been protesting the move for over a decade but electronic key cards were now installed for every room to prevent someone from picking the lock like Ms. Perkins had easily done the night she attacked John Wick. Another move that was made was the installation of bulletproof glass on every window in the building. That was a costly upgrade but it was one that quickly paid itself off as more clients began to return once they were installed. Winston didn't want to think about it, but for some reason fate had other plans. One of the bartenders walked up with a message folded up in her hand. \"You need to see this.\" \"Thank you, Addy.\" Winston said as he took a sip of his martini as he took the small slip from her. He opened it and read what it said. Upon seeing the contents, he finished his drink and took the olives to go. The moment Winston left his seat, one of the guards at the door spoke into a com that was attached to the collar on his right wrist. He walked through the kitchen and made his way to the lobby of the hotel. He took his own personal entrance that led him to the back door to the main desk at the Continental. The moment he opened the door he was greeted by Cheron, the hotel manager was there waiting for him to arrive. \"Where is he?\" Winston asked. \"In the lobby.\" Cheron replied. Winston paused for a second. \"What did you tell him?\" \"The truth.\" The manger answered. \"Only you could open the vault.\" \"Very good.\" Winston said as he patted his manager on the shoulder. \"I'll take care of this myself.\" \"Yes, Sir.\" Cheron said as he watched Winston walk towards the lobby. \"Jonathan.\" Winston called out as he walked into the lobby. \"Winston.\" John Wick replied as he stood up. \"I came as soon as I heard.\" Winston said as he walked over and took a seat in front of the chair John had been occupying. \"Please sit down.\" John seemed impatient but did so anyway. \"I don't mean to sound rude but I have a plane that is waiting for me.\" \"You're going somewhere?\" Winston asked. \"I am.\" John answered, \"Once I get what I'm here for. It's still here, isn't it?\" \"Of course it is.\" Winston replied, \"I'm here because I'm the only one who can open the vault. There are things in there that can topple governments. I am the only one certain people can trust it with. No one gets in there with my approval.\" \"Do I need your approval?\" John asked, somewhat frustrated. \"No.\" Winston answered, \"But I need you to tell me why you need it. You didn't even ask for it when you went after Iosef.\" \"You don't bring a blade to a gunfight.\" John explained to him. \"But this time I'm going to need my sword.\" \"Do you mind if I ask where you're going to take it?\" Winston asked. John paused for a moment. \"Tokyo.\" \"Are you sure you want to do this.\" Winston asked, somewhat concerned. \"You haven't been there in quite some time. Why go after Hashimoto now after all this time?\" John's response took Winston by surprised as he laughed. \"You're not going to believe this, but Hashimoto is the one waiting for me at the airport.\" Winston's eyebrow shot up as he seemed taken by that statement. \"He told you to never come back to Japan. What's changed?\" \"This.\" John said as he pulled out a handkerchief from his pocket and placed it onto the coffee table between them. Winston opened it to see the severed finger that was inside it. \"Whose finger is this? Is this Natsuki's?\" \"No, it belongs to her daughter.\" John answered. \"My daughter.\" Winston looked back up at John. \"Your daughter?\" \"Yes.\" John answered. \"She's in danger and Hashimoto has asked for my help.\" For the first time in a very long time, Winston was speechless. He stood up and walked back to the desk. The manager watched as Winston walked to the backroom behind the main desk and then removed a large painting from the wall. It wasn't a very big vault but it was quite secure. Winston put his hand onto a scanner and then after his prints were verified, he entered an eleven letter or digit password that only he knew. Seconds later the door opened for what was the first time in a while. Winston took a deep breath and removed a long katana from the vault. It didn't look very impressive. It had a black hilt that was mildly decorated but was very simple. It was not made to win any points for style. It was created to bring death upon whoever came across its path. Winston unsheathed a few inches to take a look at the metal. \"I've never seen anything like it.\" Cheron said as he looked at it. The blade was as a dark blackish-gray material. There was a hint of blue if you looked at it closely. \"What is it?\" \"It's Tungsten Carbide.\" Winston replied as he looked at it. \"It's a man made metal compound. It's created by heating Tungsten with carbon and cementing that mixture with other metals such as nickel and cobalt. It's used in a wide variety of uses such as jewelry and drilling equipment. This is the only sword ever made out of the material. It took one of the finest bladesmith in Japan almost a year to make it. John Wick used this weapon during his years in Japan. This blade has killed many people to the point where it has a name.\" \"What do they call it?\" Cheron asked. \"The Black Death.\" Winston answered. He sheathed the sword and tucked it under his arm. Without saying another word, he casually strolled back into the lobby. John stood back up when he saw Winston approach with his sword. \"Thank you.\" \"We've taken good care of it. Not a scratch, Jonathan.\" Winston said as he handed the katana over to John. \"I hope that if you ever need to put that away, you'll consider the Continental again.\" \"I will.\" John said as he stared at the sword for a moment. \"Thank you.\" \"I hope like your indestructible sword.\" Winston started, \"That you will return to us in one piece.\" \"I make no promises.\" John said as he tucked the sheathed sword under his arm. \"But I will try my best.\" \"Will you be needing accommodation in Tokyo?\" Winston asked. \"We actually have a place over there if you'd like me to call ahead.\" \"That won't be necessary for now.\" John answered, \"But I will keep that in mind.\" \"Good luck, Jonathan.\" Winston said as he watched John walk away. John never replied and was out the front door in less than a few seconds. Winston had a chill run up his spine as he thought about Wick welding that might sword again for the first time in a very long time. Heaven help the man that angered him enough to bring it out of retirement, Winston thought to himself. Whoever it was, that person was going to die very soon. That much the old man knew as he started to walk back to his bar.[Chapter 3] When he arrived at the airport, John Wick stepped out of his car and slowly strolled towards the small private jet that was waiting for him inside a massive hangar. Hashimoto was standing in front of the small leer jet with over a dozen armed men. Once he was within speaking distance to the old man, Wick looked up at him with a determined look on his face. \"Just you, me and the pilots... no one else,\" John said as he stopped just short of the steps leading up to the jet. \"This is not negotiable.\" \"What about my men?\" Hashimoto protested. \"They are for my protection.\" \"You don't need them,\" John replied as he looked back at him. \"At least let me take my waitresses.\" Hashimoto pled. \"One.\" John said as he was eager to get going. He was only carrying one bag and his sword as he went up the stairs and entered the plane. The guards watched in stunned silence as Hashimoto followed. Once the two extra waitresses were shown off, the door was closed and the small private jet began to taxi out towards the runway. Wick sat there on one of the plush chairs, holding onto his sword. The tension between the two men was thick as fog as they sat they for almost an hour, each person waiting for the other to start the conversation. Finally John broke his silence and addressed the old man. \"When this is over, I'm bringing the child home to live with me.\" The old man sat there for a moment, pondering his response. \"No.\" Without warning, John unsheathed the blade and within seconds the tip of it was underneath the Hashimoto's chin. John stood there for what seemed like a half hour but was only a few minutes as he locked eyes with the aged crime boss. He was not the same man who employed him all those years ago, long before he moved to work for the Russians. He was weak, which would explain why his territory was under attack. The old man was nearing the end of his reign. \"I wasn't asking.\" Wick informed him as he stood there like a statue, holding a blade that could end Hashimoto with just the flick of his wrist. \"Do it.\" Hashimoto said to him. \"Excuse me?\" Wick asked. \"Go ahead and kill me,\" Hashimoto insisted, \"Fulfill the promise you made to me all those years ago. I would rather die than live without her. At least if I died by your hand, it would be a fate many would consider honorable.\" Seconds later, Wick dropped the blade from the old man's chin. \"After the chaos we're about to bring upon the city, she might be safer staying away from Japan for a while. This is my price for helping you. She is free to return whenever she likes but I want a chance to get to know her before that happens. If I save her from these savages, I'd like to think I would have earned that right.\" \"All right,\" Hashimoto replied, \"If you save her, hiding at your home in the states might be the best place for her until the dust settles.\" Wick walked back to his seat and sheathed the black blade back into its place. \"There isn't going to be any dust that needs settling. I'm going to find the people who hurt my daughter and end them.\" \"What do you want me to do?\" Hashimoto asked, eager to support John and recover his granddaughter from the Dragon. \"Just one thing,\" Wick said as he sat down and looked back at him. \"Stay out of my way.\" That was the last thing that John said to Hashimoto as they remained silent for the rest of the flight which took over twelve hours. As much as Hashimoto wanted to go over a game plan with John on how to attack their enemy, he knew it was unnecessary. Wick had no intention of working with anyone. He was going to handle this by himself. Wick was intent to seek the men who kidnapped his daughter, but it wasn't necessary. The Golden Dragon had already taken the time to roll out the red carpet. There were two cars waiting for the plane in a small hanger, but what Hashimoto was unaware of was his men were already dead, replaced with men intent on killing him. John and Hashimoto were about to exit the plane when Wick noticed something that looked rather odd. The collar on one of the guards was open because his neck was too big for the collar. He knew Hashimoto always made sure his men wore custom made suits so either this man gained a ton of weight since buying what looked like a new suit... or that wasn't his suit. It was a trap. Wick grabbed Hashimoto by the collar and dragged him back inside the plane. As he did, the twelve men outside the plane drew automatic weapons and started to unload their payloads at the small aircraft. While the fuselage of the plane was strong enough to stop the bullets, the windows were not so Wick threw Hashimoto onto the floor of the jet so the bullets coming through the windows wouldn't hit them. Wick staying behind cover and waited patiently as he listened for the men to run out of ammunition. He carefully waited to hear the first click, for that was when the clock would start. When the first gun ran out of bullets, that's when Jon sprung to his feet and bolted for the door. Odds were all the men who were working for the Dragon likely all had the same weapon. So when one of them ran out of ammo, they all were empty by the time Wick emerged from the plane. This was the window he needed to attack as he launched from the door, with the Black Death unsheathed and ready to kill. The first man Wick hit was standing less than ten feet from the plane and was quickly fumbling to reload. Wick's first splice went straight through the automatic gun, cutting through the metal and splitting the gun in half. The next slice was meant for the owner, as the gunman was decapitated with a swipe. Before the body hit the floor, Wick had already begun to run at his next victim. He drove the katana into the chest of the next gunman and then kicked the man in the stomach to drive the man off his sword rather than fight to slice it back out. By the time the first two men were killed, the other eight had reloaded and were ready to fire again. Wick had anticipated this as he leaped over the hood of the car beside him and used the vehicle for cover as he planned his next move. Rather than wait for Wick to stick his head out, the Dragon's men started to spray bullets everywhere, praying that one of them might hit the target. Not a single one came even close and Wick was eager to attack again as he again wait for them to foolishly run out of ammo again. When Wick had completed his second attack on the Golden Dragon's men, not a single one was left standing. Hashimoto exited the plane when he felt it was safe to come out and looked around at all the carnage that occurred while he was cowardly stayed inside. Wick didn't really care as the old man merely would have gotten in his way. \"I told you,\" Hashimoto started, \"This man is without honor.\" \"That's actually a good thing,\" Wick said as he took a handkerchief from one of his victims and begun to use it to clean his blade. \"Men without honor are just as predictable as men who are with honor.\" Before he could say anything else, a loud sound interrupted them. It was a cell phone from one of the corpses. Wick strolled over and fished the mobile from the dead man's pocket and then slid his finger across to open the line. \"Is it done?\" The man asked in flawless Japanese. \"Is that old far dead?\" \"No, he's not.\" Wick replied in the same language. He then changed to English. \"I suppose this is the Golden Dragon I am addressing.\" \"Who is this?\" The Dragon replied, also now speaking in English. \"My name is John Wick.\" \"Bullshit.\" \"Your lack of belief is irrelevant.\" \"Why is that?\" \"I'm still going to kill you regardless of your beliefs.\" There was a long pause on the line. \"What do you want, Mr. Wick?\" \"You kidnapped someone,\" John replied. \"I want her returned unharmed, immediately.\" \"Hashimoto's granddaughter is none of your concern.\" \"She's my daughter. That makes her my concern.\" There was another long pause. \"The fact that you're here working with that fiend convinces me of your alleged lineage. I was unaware of it.\" \"You are aware of it now,\" Wick said as he began to pace around the hangar. \"You have one chance to save yourself. Release the girl to my custody, unharmed.\" \"What do I get in return?\" The dragon asked. \"My gratitude,\" Wick informed him, \"And a chance to dethrone Hashimoto; honorably and without my interference.\" \"And if I refuse?\" \"Then you die.\" Wick declared, \"And so does your entire operation. Not a single man, woman or building you own will exist when I'm finished with you. I will rip your entire operation apart one brink at a time until there is nothing left but rubble. And when you have nothing left in this world, I will then take the only thing you have left; your life.\" \"I'll need to think about it.\" \"You have six hours. If I don't get a call on this cell by then, I'll assume your answer is no and start hunting.\" Without warning Wick disconnected the call. He had nothing more to say.[Chapter 4] I apologize for the delay in updates... I've been working on some big projects and had to deal with some serious medical issues. Things are going well and I plan to update more often this summer. Thanks for your support and patience. PJ Hashimoto wanted to go back to a more secure location, but John refused to with him. He was eager to get started but he had given the Dragon six hours, which happened to be six more than that piece of trash deserved. About an hour after John spoke with the Dragon, Hashimoto left the hangar and went home. To Wick, his presence was no longer necessary. For the violence that was about to begin, the old man would just get in the way. John was not one known for his patience, so he grabbed one of the automatic weapons from the bodies in the hanger, a few magazines and his sword before taking one of their cars and leaving the airport. While driving towards the downtown area, he checked his watch. The dragon still had four and a half hours left. It had been years since he was in the Toyko but it still felt the same. It was haunting for him but when he found the place he was looking for. A small restaurant that looked run down, a place that John used to his frequently during the days he used to live there. When he strolled into the small sushi bar, it was like he had traveled back in time. The place hadn't change, and he had hoped the staff hadn't changed as well. As he approached the bar, there was a man around his own age there, making sushi right in front of the people waiting to be served. John put all his weapons down on a chair then sat down in the seat next to it. He quietly waited for the man who was making to sushi to notice he was there. A few seconds he looked up and his face was one of shock. \"John fucking Wick!\" the man said as he walked over and gave Wick a high five. \"Man, it has been a while!\" \"Shota,\" John said, happy to see his old friend. \"I cannot begin to tell you how good it is to see you again. I wish it were under better circumstances.\" Shota looked to the chair beside him and noticed the big bun and the large katana beside it. \"You're in town on business I see.\" \"Not exactly,\" John corrected him, \"This one is personal, and unless my demands are met, I'm going to start painting this city red until they are.\" \"Is there anything I can do to help?\" Shota asked, \"I would prefer to avoid bloodshed if possible.\" \"You're safe,\" John replied, \"I just wish you had told me about Natsuki's child.\" \"I was tempted,\" Shota admitted, \"But they were living well, and her father totally mellowed out when she was born. That in itself was a damn miracle.\" \"He became too mellow,\" John told him, \"This Golden Dragon kidnapped my daughter, now he's threatening to kill her.\" \"Damn,\" Shota said, unaware of the details. \"I'm sorry to hear about that.\" \"Me too.\" John said. \"Is there anything I can do for you?\" Shota offered. \"Two things.\" \"Name it.\" \"I'll take a bottle of warm Saki and the dinner I always ordered here,\" John started, \"And then you can tell me what the most valuable and profitable operation the Golden Dragon owns.\" \"You got it John,\" Shota said, going to work on making his dinner. John had time to kill so he sat there quietly drinking his Saki and eating the well made food for the next hour, but the Dragon still had a few hours to think. He was slowly losing his patience. When he was finished eating the amazing food that Shota had prepared for him, the cook slid a business card over to him. \"This is the Dragon's crown jewel,\" Shota explained, \"He says it's a strip club and bar but we all know it's a glorified whore house. We even suspect he's involved in human trafficking so most of the girls don't have a say in their employment. So if you're going to tear the place apart, they're victims too.\" \"I understand,\" John said, taking the card. He also picked up the gun and the sword. \"Thanks for the food, and the help.\" \"Thank you, John.\" Shota called back, \"It was good to see you again.\" As he left the bar, John looked at the card and while the name of the place was not familiar to him, the address was. He knew exactly where this place was. John's patience had finally run out. He didn't care how much time was left; it was time to show the Golden Dragon that John Wick doesn't make idle threats. He drove the car he took from the hangar and headed straight for the address on the card. When he arrived, the place stuck out like a naked guy in a crowd with his hair on fire. Rather than slow down, John stepped on the gas and b-lined straight for the front entrance. The people waiting in line ran away, and before the guard could pull his gun John had struck him with his vehicle, sending the man flying against the wall. John then put the car in reverse and backed into the other guard who was trying to call for help. Once both men were down, John stepped out of the car and calmly walked into the establishment. With his sword strapped to his back, and the machine gun loaded and ready, Wick strolled into the dark strip club. The women ran for their lives while the men who worked for the Golden Dragon scrambled to either take cover or pull out their guns. The ones who didn't dive for cover were the first to die. John raised his gun up and cut loose without hesitation, mowing down anyone who was a threat. Chests were exploding with blood and falling down alike a sack of potatoes as John hit every one of his targets with little effort. These men were just as pathetic as the thugs the Golden Dragon had sent to the airport. Easy to gun down and it wasn't much of a fight as he continued to shoot the place up. After emptying three clips into the club and its workers, John tossed the gun away and unsheathed the Black Death as he began to run for cover while the other men tried to shoot him, hitting only air. The first victim of the lethal katana never saw the blade coming as it was hidden from sight in the dark club, but he felt it as the dark blade sliced through both his gun and his arm in one aggressive swipe. As the thug watched his own arm fall to the ground, it was the last thing he would ever see as Wick's second slash chopped the man's torso in two, cutting down from his shoulder to his hip. Two other thugs were watching in horror as Wick cut the first man in half, standing there like a deer in the headlights. Wick then threw the sword like a spear and it went into one of the thug's chest and heart, killing him instantly. While the other watched his friend die beside him, John used the distraction to run up beside him, and knock the handgun out of his hands. Seconds later, Wick snapped the man's neck with his bare hands. He picked up the hand gun and used it to kill the last two men in the room who had dove for cover and the battle was over just after it had begun. The only person left stranding was the bartender, who was frozen with fear. It was a woman, so John had remembered what Shota had told him earlier. He tossed the hand gun away before pulling his Katana out of the dead man's chest. He slowly walked up to the bar, grabbed a handkerchief from the counter, and started to clean the blood off his blade. \"Do you speak English?\" John asked. \"Yes,\" the bartender replied. \"I'll take a double blackjack,\" Wick told the bartender, \"Neat.\" The bartender was wise to do as he said, serving up the drink in seconds. Only a fool would refuse an order from a man cleaning blood off a sword. As John was drinking the phone started to ring. \"That's probably for me,\" John told her. The bartender picked up the receiver and passed it to John without speaking. \"Thank you,\" John said, finishing his drink. \"I'll have another, please.\" As the bartender left to get his drink, John put the receiver to his ear. \"This is Wick.\" \"Mr. Wick,\" the other side replied, \"I still have two hours left.\" \"My patience is wearing thin.\" \"I thought we had an understanding.\" \"Something had occurred to me,\" John began to explain, \"You probably thought the fat man was pulling a fast one and you decided to call my bluff. Let me make this as clear as I possibly can. This is no joke. If you do not give me back my daughter unharmed, every establishment you own will suffer a similar fate.\" \"You are without honor,\" the dragon replied. \"I don't give a shit,\" Wick replied, \"You have no honor either if you're exploiting young girls as slaves to make money. You're the lowest scum. If you don't give me back my daughter, I will put you out of business and then into the ground. Don't test my patience or I'll burn another of your businesses to the ground in 60 minutes.\" Before the Golden Dragon could respond John disconnected the line just in time to take another drink from the bartender. \"Are you going to hurt me?\" she asked. \"No,\" Wick replied, \"You are free to go... after you tell me everything you know about the Golden Dragon's network and where he keeps all his money.\"[Chapter 5] The Continental had expanded only to a few select cities since Winston had opened the original in New York. One of the reasons for such a slow expansion was to make sure he didn't stretch his own finances too thin; but the other was a lack of people he could trust to run his operations. Winston was a resourceful person, but he couldn't be in several spots around the world at the same time. Trust was something that didn't come to the old man easily, especially considering the kind of clientele that he worked with. Yet when he opened a Continental in Tokyo, he was confident that the person running the operation was the best one for the job. Ms. Lee was an assassin that had retired from the profession when she became a mother, and she was content to run a restaurant with her mother while raising her children. Winston thought it was a waste of her clear talent for hospitality and considering her other talents; Ms. Lee was by far the perfect choice to be the manager of the Continental in Japan. She was a night owl by habit, working long hours into the night with the staff. One of the hardest working managers Winston had under his employment. There was rarely ever any trouble at that location, as Ms. Lee was well aware of how to handle and eventually toss out the trash. This made Tokyo one of Winston's most profitable expansions. He mentioned the location to Jonathan as he left with his sword, but was unaware if he was going to take him up on his offer. Ms. Lee had been warned but refused to even believe that John Wick had returned to Japan at all. She was cleaning the counter and the lobby was empty when all the proof she would need to the rumors came walking in the door, carrying a lot of baggage with him. Wick dropped two large gym bags in the middle of the lobby and then went back outside. He then returned with three more massive gym bags, all looking like they have been stuff full of dirty clothing. With two bag slung over his shoulder, Wick dragged the other three behind him as he approached the front desk. \"Mr. Wick,\" the lady said with a respectful bow, \"I'm Ms. Lee, the manager of the Continental Japan.\" \"Ms. Lee,\" Wick said as he dropped his bags to give her a bow just as respectful, \"I've come to see if you have any vacancies.\" \"We do not,\" Ms. Lee replied, \"But your room is already booked and waiting for you, courtesy of Mr. Winston.\" \"Oh, thank you,\" Wick said, pleasantly surprised. \"Can I get someone to help me carry my luggage up to the room?\" \"Of course,\" Ms. Lee said, as she rang a bell on her counter. A man came out and she spoke to him in Japanese. The young man grabbed three for the big bags and they both walked to the lift, taking it to the top floor. It appears that Winston had booked John their best suite, still doing what he could to make up for the lack of professionalism he was shown the last time he had stayed with them. Wick didn't think anything of it, but Winston's reputation took a hit for it. Once the massive bags were tossed onto the massive king sized bed, Wick handed the young man a coin and watched as he left and closed the door behind him. Once he had the room to himself, the opened one of the bags and emptied it onto the bed. It was cash and lots of it. The bag he had just emptied was full of Euros and American dollars. He slowly began to count them and make two piles on the desk that was across from the big bed. Wick had been in his room for over three hours when the phone rang. He looked at it for a moment and then picked up the receiver. \"This is Wick.\" John answered. \"Hello Jonathan,\" a familiar voice on the other end replied, \"I got word you had checked in, and I wanted to see how you were doing.\" \"Hello Winston,\" Wick answered as he sat down and put down the stack that he had been counting. \"I'm doing all right. I can't say the same for the Golden Dragon's operations, but I've been faring well so far tonight.\" \"So I've heard.\" Winston said, aware of almost anything. \"Ms. Lee is a fine manager, so if you need anything from her at all, I assure you she can be trusted with almost anything.\" \"I appreciate that,\" Wick replied, \"But I don't require special treatment.\" \"I feel terrible,\" Winston admitted, \"For what happened during your stay here last summer. Just paying a small penance that I feel is owed.\" \"Duly noted,\" Wick said as he looked around, \"Thanks for booking the room for me as well. It was a kind gesture.\" \"Anything for a loyal client,\" Winston replied. \"I don't mean to be rude,\" Wick said, \"But I need to finish counting up the Golden Dragons finances, so when he calls in to cry about me taking all his money I can tell him the exact figure to hold over his head.\" \"You never seemed like the thieving type to me,\" Winston said, somewhat surprised. \"I'll be honest, I was tempted to burn it again,\" Wick confessed, \"but I have a kid now and that changes things. I have to think about college tuition, RRSPs, cars and boys, other things that never even entered my mind before.\" \"Parenting does tend to change people's priorities like that,\" Winston admitted, \"I wouldn't worry too much about money. I doubt this Dragon fellow is going to need it where he's going. And a man of your skills will never have problems raising funds for any kind of child rearing.\" \"I've got to go,\" Wick said, \"there's another call coming in.\" \"Good luck, Jonathan.\" Winston said before Wick changed the line over. \"This is Wick.\" John said into the line, aware of whom it might be. \"Where's my money?\" the voice on the other line called out. \"It's here with me.\" Wick answered, \"I'm just counting it now.\" \"You are a man without honor!\" the Dragon screamed back at him. \"Says the man who kidnaps children to muscle their rivals,\" John retorted. \"That's especially rich coming from you.\" \"I want it all back!\" the Dragon cried out, not even listening. \"If you want a single dollar back at all,\" John started, \"You will give me back my daughter, as soon as humanly possible. If you do that, I will give you your money back. You can then resume your war with Hashimoto without my interference. This is your last chance, if you do not return my daughter to me now I will destroy what is left of your organization even if you do return her to me afterwards. This is the point of no return; give me back my child or we will be war from here out.\" There was a long pause on the other end of the line. \"Where do you want us to drop her off?\" The Dragon asked. \"Bring her to the Continental Japan,\" Wick replied, \"I will be waiting for her in the lobby. Do I need to remind you what happens if any of us break the rules of the Continental?\" There was another long pause. \"No, Mr. Wick. You do not.\" \"Have her here within the hour,\" Wick replied, \"I'll be waiting for you both.\" An hour after he finished speaking with the Dragon, Wick came down to the lobby with two of the three bags that he had originally brought with him. Counting the money had reduced the space needed from five to four bags, but he had left two in the suite just in case the Dragon attempted to pull anything funny. He walked up to the couches in the middle of the lobby and dropped the two bags onto the floor and waited patiently. Moments later, an older looking man in a green suit walked in with three other men. Behind him one of the men was dragging a young girl in with him. John didn't even have to ask if it was her, he could tell just by looking at her that it was his daughter. The young girl looked exactly like the woman he shared time with here in the city all those years ago. \"Is this it?\" The man in the green suit asked, as it was obvious he was the Golden Dragon. \"It will be,\" Wick replied, \"Consider yourself lucky because usually I just burn my enemies funds into ashes. I made an exception just so that I could return some of it to end our little conflict, unless you prefer to remain hostile.\" The Dragon paused for a moment and settled down, aware that he was facing an opponent that was vastly superior to him and his crew. \"I was unaware that the girl shared a lineage with you. I return her to you with my sincerest apologies.\" The Dragon made a gesture, and the guard behind him let the girl to and pushed her towards John Wick. As she was walking over to the other side of the lobby where John was, he was distracted for a moment as he watched the young girl walk towards him. He was possibly thinking about the girl's mother, as the child did indeed look exactly like her. During this brief distraction, the Golden Dragon pulled out his gun and pointed at Wick and his daughter. For the first time since opening its doors, the Continental Japan had gunshots ringing through the lobby, and bullets ricocheting off the fine marble walls.[Chapter 6] The first shot from the Dragon's gun hit the young woman in the back, the force from the shot pushing her forward into John Wick's arms. He let off another shot, which also slammed into her back, hitting her in the heart. John held her in his arms, with a stunned look on his face. The Dragon was smiling as he then pointed the gun at Wick himself, trying to use the short-lived pause to plant a bullet into his head. Before Dragon could pull the trigger, another shot rang out in the hallways of the Tokyo Continental but it came from another direction, knocking the gun out of Dragon's hand before he could discharge the fatal shot. Ms. Lee had entered the fray and was packing a glock in each hand as she fired more shots without hesitation at the Dragon and his people as then dove for cover. The Dragon was able to lunge out the door, while his other two men were gunned down by the building's manager with extreme prejudice. She raced to the door, but the Dragon had already jump into a car that was peeling off as she walked out the door and started to pump as many bullets into the vehicle as it screamed away. \"Cowards!\" she screamed out in Japanese, \"Your blood will paint this town before the week is out!\" As she walked back into the lobby of the Continental, she was saddened to see the sight that lie before her. Wick was holding the young woman in his arms but the blood on the ground told Ms. Lee that it was too late for the young woman. Yuna was already dead. \"Mr. Wick,\" Ms. Lee said as she walked closer, \"I am terribly sorry about this.\" \"You didn't shoot her,\" Wick softly replied, \"but thank you for your help.\" \"Our doctor is on his way,\" she informed him, \"But I cannot make any promises. She's lost so much blood.\" \"She's already gone,\" Wick confessed as tears were streaming down his cheek. She had stopped breathing in his arms while Ms. Lee was shooting at the car outside. He held her tight, but already knew it was too late. The wounds were both fatal, so the fact she took them both meant there was no hope for her. Moments later, Hashimoto and a few of his men entered the lobby, all with guns looking to see if the Dragon was still there. But when the old man saw the bloody young woman in Wick's arms, Hashimoto cried out loud and dropped his gun as he ran over to be with them both. He got down on his knees in the middle of the pool of blood on the floor and began to look at the young woman. A few moments into his inspection, he gave out a deep sigh and put a hand on Wick's shoulder. \"It's not her.\" He whispered. \"What?\" Wick said, looking back down at the girl, \"Then who is this?\" \"The Dragon took advantage of the fact that you've never met Yuna,\" Hashimoto informed him, \"He probably picked someone from his stocks that looked like her, and tried to trick you. This isn't Yuna. She could still be alive.\" Wick gently put the young woman in his arms on the floor. He was disgusted that the Dragon would kill the young woman just to torture him. He struggled to get back up to his feet, but he was covered in the young woman's blood, from his chest to his toes. Ms. Lee was still standing there, hoping there was something she could do. \"Ms. Lee?\" John called out. \"Yes, Mr. Wick?\" Ms. Lee replied. \"Those two large bags over there,\" John said as he pointed to the bags he was going to return to the Dragon in exchange for who he thought was his daughter. He took two coins out of his pocket. \"Please put one of them in a safe place so I can collect it at a later time.\" \"And the other coin?\" Ms. Lee asked, knowing what he was asking for only required one coin of payment, despite the fact she'd do it for nothing because of what had just occurred. \"I'd like the name of the biggest arms dealer in the city,\" John replied, \"And his telephone number.\" John gave her a third coin. \"Find out who this young lady belongs to, and use some of the money in the bags to take care of her funeral services.\" \"Yes, Mr. Wick.\" Ms. Lee replied without hesitation. Ms. Lee picked up the two bags despite their weight and carried them to the back room, where she would also look up the name and number he asked for. She flipped through a catalogue of people she knew, and stopped at one and ripped it out. Ms. Lee quickly walked out to John Wick and held out the card for him. \"Make that bastard pay for what he's done, Mr. Wick.\" \"Thank you, Ms. Lee.\" John said, taking the card from her, \"I will.\" John read the name on the card and couldn't help but smile. \"What is it?\" Hashimoto asked. \"I know him,\" Wick said, \"We did a few jobs together with Marcus a while back.\" Wick took out his cell phone and dialed the number, waiting patiently for someone on the other end to pick up. After a more than a few rings, someone eventually picked it up. \"What do you want?\" a female voice asked in Japanese. \"I'm looking for Crispin Jones,\" Wick replied. \"Who is this?\" the lady asked again. \"This is John Wick,\" he replied, \"Tell Crispin he owes me.\" Moments later another voice came on the line, with an Irish accent. \"John?\" Crispin called out, \"Is that really you? You're back in Japan?\" \"I'm at the Tokyo Continental,\" Wick replied, \"Send me a car in an hour. We need to talk business, and have all your best toys out on display.\" \"How much are you thinking of spending?\" Crispin asked. John looked down at the other large bag Ms. Lee didn't take away. \"I'd say about a million and change.\" \"The car will be there in an hour,\" Crispin replied. \"Good man,\" Wick said, \"See you soon.\" He disconnected the line and picked up the other bag. Hashimoto was looking at Wick, unaware of what he was planned next. \"Is there anything I can do?\" he asked him. \"Yeah,\" John replied, \"Stay the fuck out of my way.\" John left the body in the middle of the lobby, and walked back to the elevator and up to his room. He took a long hot shower, cleaning all the blood off his body, thinking about how he felt, as he thought it was Yuna dying in his arms. He was going to do anything to make sure that never happened again, including wiping the Dragon and all his people off the face of the earth. When he left his room forty five minutes later, he was carrying only the large bag he brought up with him and his sword. As promised, there was a car waiting for him outside the lobby. As he exited the building, the car popped the trunk and he tossed the big back in there but kept the sword as he jumped into the back seat. It took less than a half hour for the driver to take him to a compound that was clearly waiting for him. There were several armed men, wearing tactical gear as the car drove deep into the warehouse and came to a stop in the middle of it. There was a man in a navy blue suit, who did stick out cause he was the only man in the room who wasn't armed nor wearing any tactical gear. His bright blonde hair and slender figure was hard to miss as well. \"Mr. Wick,\" Crispin called out as he watched John step out of the car. He then noticed the man was carrying a sword. \"Is that what I think it is?\" \"It is,\" John confirmed, as he grabbed the large bag and tossed it in Crispin's general direction. \"You can count it while I browse.\" \"Jesus John, this is a lot of money,\" Crispin said after he opened it, \"Whose money is this?\" \"It belongs to a dead man,\" John answered, \"Do you have any napalm?\" \"What the shit, man!\" Crispin said, walking closer, \"I heard there was hell breaking loose, and then I heard you were in town. That can't be a coincidence!\" \"It's not,\" John replied, \"I'm going to tear this city apart, so you're either with me or against me.\" \"I'm with you mate,\" Crispin said, raising his hands to surrender, \"Just be straight with me: what the fuck is going on?\" \"Someone kidnapped my daughter,\" John said. \"Excuse me?\" Crispin said, shocked at the revelation. \"I didn't know you had a daughter.\" \"Until yesterday, neither did I.\" John added, \"I need your help.\" \"You have it, John.\" Crispin said without hesitating, \"Who are we hunting?\" \"The Golden Dragon,\" Wick told him, \"Know where I can find him?\" \"As a matter of fact I do,\" Crispin answered, \"We do business often so I know where all his secret hideouts are. I'll make a call to offer help, that will tell us where he is and we'll go there to kick his ass.\" \"We?\" John repeated, surprised to hear it. \"Yes, we.\" Crispin said, as he turned to face one of the tactical dressed men that happened to be standing ten feet behind him. \"I want everyone geared up and in the humvees in a half hour. Load up with hollow tips only. No one survives except the hostage.\" \"Yes, Sir.\" the man in the gear said as he left. \"This is personal,\" Crispin said, as he tossed the back aside, \"I don't need to count it. You'd give everything away to get her back.\" \"I would,\" John confirmed. \"Grab anything you need.\" His friend said, gesture to the massive stash of guns and explosives on display. \"I'll make the call and find out where Dragon is hiding his punk ass.\" \"The Dragon is mine.\" John told him, \"This sword is going to be what separates his head from what's left of his body.\" Crispin smiled. \"After what that wanker did, I wouldn't have it any other way.\"[Chapter 7] Four Humvees, all black and carrying seven men a piece, roared through the heart of Tokyo and towards their target. Crispin got the location of the Golden Dragon from a client but using both the carrot and the stick. If his client cooperated, they would get a nice discount on their next purchase, but if they refused he was going put him in the same hole they were going to put the Dragon and his men into. That kind of threat didn't take long for Crispin to get all the Intel he needed, and his strike force of twenty-eight strong were ready to kick some serious ass. It took the heavily armored vehicles less than a half hour to travel to the compound that the Dragon and what was left of his crew were hiding out in. They were under the assumption that the tall fences, the gate, and even the surveillance would be enough to keep them safe. That assumption would be their undoing, as the first Humvee bashed down the gate with ease, which allowed the five that followed to roll in and take position outside the main doors to the compound. As the men started to spill out of vehicles, all in black tactical gear, the alarm started but it would make no difference. Anyone who came out to oppose them were cut down with extreme prejudice and them tapped out as close range to make sure they were dead. It became clearly evident to whoever was watching the security feeds, this crew was here to kick ass and take no prisoners. Using a small explosive device, they blew the first door open and started to slowly infest the building and kill anything that moved. It wasn't until the tactical men started to infiltrate the main hangar that the real fight started. The Dragon had close to thirty of his own people waiting, and they tried to ambush their attackers as they came into view, but their own weapons had little effect as their armor was too strong and resulted in no casualties. Unlike the Dragon's own men, his attackers were all profoundly good shots, hitting targets with ease and cutting down the Dragon's numbers at a surprising rate. The Dragon was furious about something else, he couldn't find Wick. All of the men who were killing his men were dressed head to toe in black. If Wick was one of them, the Dragon couldn't tell as they all annoyingly looked the same. \"Use the rockets!\" The dragon called out, eager to get an upper hand. One of his men grabbed a rocket launcher, but before he got a chance to use it, one of the men firing at them hit the Dragon's man in the neck with a shot, which caused him to point the launcher up and sent the rocket flying towards the roof, blowing a big hole in the middle of the hanger's ceiling. The blast sent rubble from the roof flying down, forcing the Dragon and some of his men to jump out of the way. In the confusion of the rocket opening a hold in the ceiling and crashing all around everyone, the Dragon used it to make his exit. He grabbed the wrist of a young woman and dragged her behind him as he made a run towards the back of the hangar. Rather than take the stairs down, he chose to go up instead, racing towards the steel runways that led to the roof and where the Dragon would make his getaway. Yet several of the men who were fighting his own men, realized what he was doing and tried to shoot at him. Several seconds after trying, they were wall ordered to hold their fire, afraid that they might hit the hostage he was dragging behind him. The all knew she was the reason they were all there, the young woman was clearly Wick's child. The Dragon used their pause to his advantage as he fired back, even hitting a few despite the fact that they were unharmed due to their excessive armor. His human shield allowed the Dragon to make it to the roof unharmed. He had run out of ammo so he tossed away his gun before kicking the door to the roof open and walking out. Despite the large hole made by the rocket launcher, the Dragon still had a clear path to the emergency stair case and to his getaway vehicle which was warmed up and waiting for him to arrive. The Dragon smiled at the chance to get away again but it was short lived. A single man in body armor stepped out, holding up a rather menacing assault rifle at him as he came into view. Turns out the Dragon's means of escape wasn't as fool proof as he had assumed, as it was easy for his adversary's to presume he's use the roof to make his escape. The Dragon pushed the girl aside and raised his arms up to mock the man staring him down. \"You are without honor!\" he called out, \"Are you really going to shoot an unarmed man?\" \"That depends on the man,\" The soldier replied, \"Does it matter if he is without honor as well?\" The Dragon stood there, like a statue, as he was eager to talk himself into another fighting chance to live. He reached behind him and pulled out a katana that was strapped to his back. He took a defensive posture and smiled at the man who was still pointing the gun at him. \"I can see your sword,\" he called out. \"Are you afraid to do battle like a real warrior? Like the samurai of centuries past?\" The man with the big gun stood there and thought about it. He looked over at the woman lying on the ground and then back at the Dragon. He tossed the assault rifle away and reached back for the sword that the Dragon had mentioned. Yet the Dragon himself was in for a big surprised as when the soldier unsheathed the sword that was attached to his back, the blade was as black as night. The Dragon had heard of such a sword a long time ago, but doubted its true existence. He looked back up at the solider, a little less confident than he was a moment ago. \"Who are you?\" he called out. The man paused for a moment and then removed his mask: it was Wick. \"Papa!\" the young woman called out. John turned to look at her, surprised that she had recognized him. Turns out her mother had been honest about who her father was and even showed her pictures so she would know her father the moment she laid eyes on him. Wick paused for a moment and turned his attention back to the Dragon. \"I told you this would happen,\" John side as he then took a stance of his own, preparing to do battle with the Dragon. \"Your operation is almost destroyed, and soon you will be as well.\" \"You are cocky, Mr. Wick.\" The Dragon said as he started to move closer to him while keeping a firm posture with his sword. \"I have been studying this weapons for decades, no one is more proficient with it in all of Tokyo.\" \"We'll see about that,\" Wick said as he also started to creep closer. As soon as the words came from Wick's mouth, the Dragon broke his posture and charged at him. He swung the sword with force, but Wick had no issues fending off each attempt to slice at him. After a few attacks, the Dragon backed away and again took a defensive posture. \"You're well trained,\" the Dragon confessed, \"I assume your training was done here during your last stay in Tokyo.\" \"It was,\" Wick replied, \"I studied under a man who was not well known, but his technique and knowledge were unmatched.\" Rather than respond, the Dragon charged Wick a second time and this time his attack was a little more effective. His second wave was a complex series of stab and cutting attempts and while John managed to fend most of them off again, the second last slice hit Wick in the side, taking first blood as the cut broke the skin and spilled Wick's blood onto the roof. It wasn't a deep cut, but effective enough to give the Dragon something to gloat about. \"That is a very impressive sword,\" the Dragon continued, \"Under normal battles, most swords would have broken by now but yours is like a piece of rock, standing up to the large waves that crash upon it.\" \"Stop talking,\" Wick hissed at him with teeth clenched, \"You're beginning to bore me with you feeble chatter.\" The Dragon didn't like to be interrupted and he again charged at Wick, once again engaging in a long series of chops and stabs, but Wick was again able to block most of them, except one that cut his arm inches below his shoulder. The Dragon didn't make a defensive posture this time as he could tell that his opponent was weaker than when they had started. He smiled at Wick, enjoying the sight of his rival's blood upon the ground. \"You cannot win,\" the Dragon called out again, \"I am superior in the ways of the samurai. If you think someone as weak as you, an American of all people could best me with the sword then you are more delusional than I first suspected Mr. Wick.\" \"I intend to keep my word,\" Wick snarled at the Dragon, his face red with anger at the man who kidnapped his child. \"Let me give you a preview of what is to come.\" The Dragon said, as he began to pace around Wick like a predator that was scoping its prey. \"Once I kill you, I will take your daughter and make her my wife. Our union will force Hashimoto to accept me as the future, and concede all his territory to me. I will rule this city with an iron fist, and be the most powerful boss in the world!\" Upon saying that, the Dragon attempted to move in for the kill. To his surprise, Wick was able to fend off his big move and the two men stood there, face to face as their swords were locked. Each man tried to use their strength to push the other away, but neither had the muscle to break the deadlock. \"Your resistance is wasted!\" The Dragon screamed at him. \"The future is mine!\" Wick smiled, \"You have no future...\" Without warning, John reached to the bottom of his sword and pulled out a dagger that was hiding in the hilt. With both swords locked and considering how close the two men were, the Dragon had no time to react to the new threat as Wick thrust the dagger forward and put it right into the Dragon's chest. The Dragon staggered back and dropped his sword, gasping in shock as the dagger had struck his heart. He fell to his knees as he heart was slowing down and was about to come to a complete stop. He looked up at Wick, his eyes wide with shock. \"You are without honor,\" the Dragon softly whispered. \"That may be so,\" Wick confirmed, \"but I'm at least a man of my word.\" Before the Dragon could suck in his last breath, Wick took the Black Death and used it to separate the gangster's head from his shoulders with one aggressive cut. As the Dragon's head rolled away, Wick turned to face the young woman who had just witnessed the entire ordeal. \"Yuna,\" he called out, \"I'm sorry you had to see that.\" \"It's alright,\" Yuna said, with surprisingly good English. \"Mother told me that if I was ever in trouble, you would come to save me.\" Wick smiled as his little girl. \"I'm glad to have proven her right.\" The two of them hugged again, making up for lost time in a matter of seconds. A moment Wick would not soon forget, meeting his child for the first time.[Chapter 8] After the rest of the Golden Dragon's men were dispatched, Wick let Crispin know that anything in the warehouse was his to keep if he wanted it. It was a gesture that Crispin knew was rare because John had a reputation of burning everything rather than looting it. One of Crispin's men took the time to stitch up Wick's arm and side, as the medic fixed the cuts the Golden Dragon had inflicted on him. Yuna stood there and watched patiently as her father was being tended to. \"Who taught you how to speak English?\" John asked her. \"My grandfather didn't want me to learn,\" she explained, \"So my mother gave me private lessons when the old man was out on business. The rest I did online like everyone else after mother died.\" \"How did she die?\" Wick asked. \"It was the big earthquake,\" Yuna replied, \"We lost many people that day.\" \"I'm very sorry to hear that,\" John said, as he reached out and took her hand. \"I had no idea you were here. If I had, I would have come to visit a lot sooner.\" \"I know,\" Yuna said, smiling. \"I also knew you left to prevent people from being hurt. I respect that and so did mother.\" John winced a bit as the medic finished up the stitches on his arm, which was all the repairs he needed from battle. \"I made an agreement with your grandfather earlier. You're coming back to spend some time with me in America.\" \"He actually agreed to that?\" Yuna asked, quite surprised. \"He didn't have a choice.\" John confirmed, \"He still doesn't.\" \"That isn't entirely so,\" a voice called out. John and Yuna looked over as Hashimoto walked over and hugged his granddaughter, happy just to see her alive again. \"I am so sorry you had to endure that,\" Hashimoto told the young woman, \"I promise it will never happen again.\" \"You bet it won't,\" John concurred, \"Especially since she'll be with me.\" The old man looked back at John, and he could tell the old man was reconsidering their agreement. \"Look around,\" John said, as he gestured to all the carnage around them, \"This is what happened to the last person who got between us. Do you want to be next?\" Hashimoto paused for a moment and then nodded, \"You fulfilled your end of the bargain and I will fulfill mine. Please come back and visit when things have settled down.\" \"Is he free to return with me?\" Yuna asked, gesturing to her father. \"He is,\" Hashimoto replied, \"He is with honor. His willingness to forgive an old man's arrogance and help him in his greatest hour of need proved that to me. You are welcome to return whenever you want, Mr. Wick.\" \"I never needed your permission,\" Wick informed him, \"But thanks.\" \"At least give me time to say goodbye,\" Hashimoto begged, \"Let us dine together and celebrate Yuna's return. Then you can take my private jet back to America and catch up on time missed.\" John thought about it and then nodded, \"A celebration sounds good. I think that would be alright.\" Both John and Yuna returned to Hashimoto's mansion with the old man, and while John was concerned the old man might try to use the time to stab him in the back and try to break their deal, he had a feeling Hashimoto wasn't dumb enough to try that. Wick had just vanquished his arch enemy, pretty much giving the old man his own territory and new territories to plunder. He had a lot of work to do to secure his new kingdom, so it made sense for Yuna to be away while he seized the riches that were now up for grabs. Hashimoto also didn't want to suffer the same fate as the Golden Dragon, deciding to quit the game while he was far ahead. Just in case Hashimoto was stupid enough to try something, the Black Death never left Wick's shoulder, even when he came down to join everyone for dinner. He was wearing a nice black suit, and the sword actually matched his attire and made him look more like the warrior he had been earlier that day. He sat down and looked across at his young daughter who looked very elegant in the dress she was wearing, as it was something very similar to what his mother would wear when he used to secretly date her. He was surprised how much the young woman looked like her mother, as if he was looking back into the past. The meal was exquisite, another thing that brought memories back to Wick as he remember dining with Hashimoto and his family before. It was a long time ago, but those days Hashimoto was his boss and he was a humble worker who was happy to be invited to dine with him. Now they were equals, men who had to work together for a common cause, one that they had successfully reached. \"I take it your meal was good, Mr. Wick?\" Hashimoto asked. \"It was splendid,\" Wick confirmed, \"Thank you.\" \"Warm Saki?\" the old man offered. \"No thank you,\" John declined, \"I've got a long flight ahead of me, so I'd prefer to keep my wits.\" \"You are safe here, Mr. Wick.\" Hashimoto informed him. \"The answer is still no,\" Wick said, his tone a tad harsher. \"Very well,\" Hashimoto said, laughing. \"More for me!\" The rest of the meal went by quickly without any further incident, and when the day was done, John walked his daughter back to her room to day goodnight. Part of him wanted to take Yuna to the Continental, but he understood Yuna had nothing to fear when she was in the mansion, but he was another matter altogether. When they reached her room, Yuna invited him to enter and take a look. It was a simple room, something that reminded John of her mother, for she wasn't big on splashy decor. He then noticed a picture on the desk, of both him and Yuna's mother. He picked it up and looked at it and then back at Yuna. \"She never let me forget who you were.\" Yuna told him, \"It was always her wish to one day travel back to America and visit you when I was older. A shame she couldn't be here to enjoy this moment.\" \"It is,\" John agreed, as he put the picture back down. \"I loved her. I still do.\" It was at this moment that John heard something, and he waved Yuna to move to the corner of her room away from the door. Out of pure instinct and the fact that he was still worried Hashimoto might try to pull something, Wick unsheathed his dark katana and waited as he heard someone softly move to the door. The person was moving so quietly, Wick might have missed it if he and Yuna hadn't been sharing a silent moment for her mother. The door burst open and man dressed head to toe in black came in, welding two small blades, lunging straight for John. Despite the man's attack, Wick used his sword to fend him off even easier than he had the Dragon earlier in the day. John didn't hesitate to strike when the opportunity presented itself, using his extremely sharp blade to relieve his attack of one of his arms, cutting just below the elbow. As the blood gushed out where his arm used to be, the man looked back at Wick just seconds, before he drove the dark blade into the man's chest, killing him. John looked back at his daughter, \"Do you have somewhere you can hide?\" \"Yes,\" Yuna answered, \"There is a panic room behind this bookshelf.\" \"Get in there,\" John ordered, watching as she opened the door. \"Stay here and don't open this door for anyone. Understood?\" \"What about you?\" Yuna asked, worried about him. \"This man wasn't your grandfather,\" John said gesturing to the man, \"His fighting style reminded me of the Golden Dragon. This might be a retaliation to his death. He also would never attack me with you in the same room, he cares too much to put you at risk. That means your grandfather might need my help. Stay here and let me handle this.\" \"I will,\" Yuna said, before reaching out and hugging him, \"Please be careful.\" \"I'll try,\" John said. He stood there and watched as the door closed and there was a loud clicking that let him know the room was bolted shut. He strolled out into the hallway, only to be greeted by two more ninja like men who immediately pulled their own katanas before charging Wick. Their attack was even weaker than the man Wick had dispatched in Yuna's room, as he fended off their attacks before unleashing his own. One of them watched in surprised as John's sword was so strong that it broke theirs in half, leaving both men defenceless. The two men were still stupid enough to attach with their half blades, which was their undoing. John quickly killed both men before descending the staircase to see if he could find Hashimoto. As he strolled into the main hall where they had feasted only a short time ago, John felt like he was walking into the proverbial lion's den. In the main hall were over twenty foot men, all armed with short blades, katanas and even num-chucks. John slowly walked into the room and took a position behind the head of the table. On the other end of the table was Hashimoto, on his knees as there was a man standing behind him. He was masked like the rest of the footmen, but like the Golden Dragon, he had a fancier getup on him which told Wick he was their leader. \"Mr. Wick,\" the leader called out to him, \"You are the man who killed the Golden Dragon earlier today?\" \"Who wants to know?\" Wick retorted with his own question. \"I am the Dragon Master,\" the man replied. \"Seriously?\" Wick called back, \"You couldn't come up with something better than that? I mean it totally lacks originality.\" \"That matters not to me,\" The Dragon Master replied, \"The Golden Dragon was our kin. We are here to avenge him.\" \"So which one of you thought it was wise to kidnap my kin?\" John asked, \"What honor is there in attacking an innocent girl?\" \"What happens to a woman is of no concern to me,\" The Dragon Master replied. \"It should,\" John corrected, \"That stupid tactic is the reason why I parted your man's head from his body. He was without honor, so I took his life with prejudice after several warnings.\" \"Then I shall return the favor,\" the Dragon Master said, as he did the very thing John suspected he would do next. There was far too much distance between them for Wick to have done anything to stop him, but the Dragon Master took his sword and drove it trough Hashimoto's back, with the blade emerging through his chest for everyone to see. \"Take care of her,\" Hashimoto called out to Wick, \"Take her home.\" \"He's not going anywhere,\" The Dragon Master called out, \"He's surrounded by some of the finest warriors in all of Japan.\" At that moment, John lifted his sword and took an offensive posture with the Black Death. It was a style that Wick had promised his master he would only use as a last resort, when he was facing death and the odds were against him. Surrounded by almost thirty footmen and the Dragon Master himself, Wick believed this qualified. The Dragon Master was angered by John's lack of fear. And it was the sound that dispatched his footmen, as they all charged John with the intent to take his life. John waited patiently until then had come into range and then struck without hesitation, slicing the first man's arm off before turning and decapitating another. The rest of the Dragon Master's men stopped upon seeing the first two die, and it was that hesitation that told John he was dealing with people who feared him. \"Warriors?\" John repeated back to him, \"All I see here are a lot of dead men.\" Right after saying that, John Wick didn't hesitate to go on the attack which took all of his opponents completely by surprise.[Chapter 9] The first few of men that John attacked never stood a chance, as the blade he was swinging at them cut through the metal of their blades as easily as it did their flesh. Their attempts to take action were just as futile, as Wick was able to anticipate their next move and act accordingly. It took John only a matter of minutes to dice through the dozen men that had surrounded him, to the point where the last two has turned and run, much to the disgust of their leader. Wick turned to face the Master, sword raised as he was poised and ready to attack him next. \"I'm sorry,\" John called out to him, \"It appears you are the master of dead men and cowards.\" \"You're skilled,\" the Master said as he slowly walked closer. \"You're just figuring that out now?\" John retorted, \"I took out your alleged best earlier today. You'd think that would warrant a bit of caution.\" \"We are not the kind to be cautious.\" The Master replied. \"I noticed,\" Wick admitted, \"That has been your weakness since the beginning. The Green Dragon made the same error, he underestimated me. It was the cause of his death and will be yours as well.\" \"That won't be necessary, Jonathan.\" A voice called out. Wick recognized that voice and turned to see Winston, standing at the main door to the banquet hall. He looked a little jet lagged but was standing there with his hands in his pockets as if he had just strolled down the street as opposed to flying halfway around the world. \"What are you doing here?\" John asked the old man. \"I'm here on Continental business,\" Winston replied, \"So if you don't mind Jonathan, fetch your daughter from wherever she is hiding and leave the building.\" \"Are you sure about that?\" Wick asked, \"This man is dangerous.\" \"As am I,\" Winston informed him, \"And this man sanctioned a hit in one of my buildings. That simply cannot be tolerated.\" \"I have men surrounding the building,\" The Master called out, \"None of you are leaving this building alive!\" \"You had men surrounding this building,\" Winston corrected him. \"They're all dead. The only men surrounding this building are mine. No one commits murder in my building and gets away with it. An example must be made.\" \"Are you sure, Winston?\" Wick asked as he started to back away to the door. \"I appreciate the offer to assist,\" Winston answered, \"But I can assure you, I have matters under control. Hashimoto's private plane is fueled and ready to fly. You and your daughter should fly back state side as soon as possible.\" \"I think that's a good idea,\" John said, lowering his sword. \"Thank you.\" \"We'll speak again when I return,\" Winston continued, \"I just have some unfinished business to attend to. If you'll excuse me.\" As John when up the stairs, he noticed there were a lot more bodies in the hallway than he remembered seeing the last time. Winston's men had cleared the building while John had been taking care of everyone in the banquet hall. It didn't matter to him, as he strolled back to Yuna's room and knocked on the wall. \"It's me,\" John called out, \"We have to leave.\" The door to the safe room slowly opened and Yuna emerged. She was scared but unharmed which was all John cared about at that particular moment. \"Is it over?\" she asked him. \"Pretty much,\" John answered, \"Do you need to pack anything?\" \"I just need a few things.\" The young girl answered. \"You have five minutes,\" John told her, \"We can have everything else shipped at a later date.\" \"Yes, father.\" She replied, with a small, respectful bow. John paused for a moment, taking in the last word that she had told him. It was a comment that had excited and scared him at the very same time. He watched in silence as the young lady quickly packed a small bag to get ready to leave the only home she ever had. John had felt bad about that, but Winston was right: they had to leave as soon as possible as this nation was too dangerous for her. Just as she was closing the bag, John pointed over to the wall. \"Don't forget the picture of you mother,\" he said to her. Yuna reached over behind her and tossed the framed photo of her mother and Wick into the bag. They left the room and while she was scared to see the bodies on the floors, they quickly moved to the main floor and out the door to the car Winston had waiting for them outside. There were a few guards outside but no where near the amount Winston had referred to. This left John to assume that the owner of the Continental had likely taken the Dragon Master to somewhere else to make his example to the rest of the underworld in the country. It took the car waiting outside only twenty minutes to drive them back to the private air field where Yuna's plane was waiting for them. Once they were back onboard, the plane slowly taxied out to the runway and soared into the skies, taking John back to America. He had been in Japan less than a few days and despite that feeling he had being back in familiar territory, he was happy to be leaving again and heading back to the home he had resided in for over a decade. He laid back and sighed in one of the comfortable chairs, after putting the sword down on the chair beside him. Yuna was on the other side of the plane, looking at her father and thinking something to herself. \"What is it?\" John asked, as if he could hear her brain working. \"I'm just curious,\" Yuna answered honestly, \"What happens now?\" \"We go back to my place, and you live there for a while.\" John replied, \"We get to know one another, bond a little bit, maybe look for a nice school to resume your studies with. We're pretty close to the end of the school year, so we're better off waiting till after the summer to send you back to school. I would prefer you finger healed up before you went back anyway.\" \"I understand,\" Yuna agreed, \"Will we be able to find something exciting to do where we're going?\" \"I'm sure we'll be alright,\" John replied, aware that he lived awfully close to New York which would handle any of Yuna's entertainment needs. The idea of taking her out to dinners, shows, shopping for shoes gave him images of what was to come raising this child on his own. He also remembered that Yuna's mother had raised the young girl by herself for the first part of her life, so it only seemed fair that John take things from here and do his part until Yuna was old and mature enough to leave the nest. John was very nervous as he thought about the responsibility of raising a teenager by himself. He would have to give the young lady a little slack not only because she will be unfamiliar with the area she'll be living in, but also because of the trauma that she just experienced. While the kid glove treatment wasn't exactly John's specialty, he would have to give it his be effort to make sure his daughter was as comfortable as possible. \"What is it?\" John said, as he could feel her eyes staring at him. \"Is your dwelling big enough for us both?\" she asked. A fair question, John thought to himself, considering how small the real estate can be in Japan. \"I have a house, which is more than big enough for the both of us. You'll have your own room as well as your own bathroom. You are also responsible to keep both of them clean. Understood.\" \"Understood,\" she repeated, \"Is there anything else I should know about where we are going?\" \"Not really,\" John said thinking about it. \"I hope you like dogs.\" \"I'm allergic to dogs.\" Yuna replied. \"What?\" John said as he sat up. \"I'm joking,\" Yuna said, smiling at him. \"I love dogs.\"[Chapter 10] It was lightly raining when John arrived at the cemetery that morning. It had been a while since he had been there, and slowly strolled up to the stone he had come to visit, with flowers clutched in his hand. Wick had stood there in silence, looking at the headstone and thinking about what he wanted to say, as John had no idea where to even begin. He just stood there in the rain, looking down and uncertain of himself. He gently tossed the flowers onto the base of the stone, almost afraid to approach it as just being there made him a little uncomfortable. \"I know what you're thinking,\" John said, speaking to the tombstone before him. \"What the hell is he doing here, and with flowers? All I can say in my defense is that time changes people, and I've gone through a lot of changes recently. I became a father. Yes, I'm not kidding. John Wick is a father to a teenage girl. If you were here, the mere thought of me trying to handle a teenager would have you in stitches.\" John stood there and paused, before reaching into his coat and pulling out a small bottle of vodka. He gently opened it and took a sip. \"When I was younger, before I found my calling, I remember having a conversation with my father.\" John started, slowly putting the cap back on the bottle. \"He told me that the day someone becomes a father is the day that everything changes. I remember him saying that the way that I look at everything, even how I watched sports on television would change overnight. Being the young idiot that I was, I thought the old man was just trying to scare me. There was simply no way a person could change that much from just one event. Turns out he was right. I've been a father less than two months, and the world has changed. There was the world as I knew it before I met or even knew about Yuna, and now I live in a world with a child that I helped create. I'm still learning on the job, but now that she's here everything has changed just like the old man said it would. And that's why I'm here today. Now that I see the world through this new perspective, it's forced me to do a little soul searching. I've felt obligated to look back at all my sins and question them not from the perspective of a man, but of a father. When I do that I feel ashamed about how things went down between us, and it's for that reason that I've come to apologize.\" John opened the bottle a second time, but instead of taking a sip he poured a small drop in front of the gravestone, sharing as shot of the drink with the person he has come to visit. \"You and I never saw eye to eye on very much Viggo,\" John said, taking another swig of the vodka, \"But today, I'm seeing things from your perspective. Your son Iosef may have been a spoiled little punk, but that's not how you saw him. You remember what he was like when he was younger, more innocent and full of life. You remembered the days when he was small enough to fit into one of your arms like a football. That spoiled punk was your child, your flesh and blood. I bet a part of you had hoped Iosef would eventually grow up, get married and have a kid of his own. Become the man that you had hoped he'd become, and I took all that potential away because I was bitter and angry. No, it wasn't the dog I was angry about. It was the fact that I had just lost the love of my life, and I wanted something... someone... anyone to take my pent up anger out on. Your son broke into the house and gave m the excuse I was looking for. I'm not trying to justify my actions; I now see how unacceptable that was. I look at the efforts you took to protect Iosef and I respect it. I've only been a Dad for a few days and I was ready to tear Japan apart to protect my child, which is why I understand why you went to such great length to protect yours. If someone tried to kill my child today, I would fight just as hard to protect Yuna. I killed so many people in Japan a few months ago, and you know what keeps racing through my mind? What happened to the mothers, the fathers, the wives or children of the people I killed over there? What happened to the mothers and fathers of the people I killed while trying to get back at Iosef? How many families did I tear apart because of my rage over the death of a dog... a fucking dog!\" John stood there, opening the bottle to take another shot. He poured another one out for Viggo and sighed deeply. \"I'm not proud of what I've done,\" John continued, \"And now that I understand the position you were put into by your son, I really wish I had listened to you the first time you called me. I wish I had talked to you rather than turned to violence as quickly as I had. You were trying to protect your child, and I was unable to understand that until today. I'm sorry, Viggo.\" John took one last swig of the vodka before pouring the rest of it onto the ground before Viggo Tarasov's tombstone. After putting the empty bottle back into his coat, John noticed something out of the corner of his eye. A man was standing twenty feet behind him, with an open umbrella. He turned around to face that man, not at all surprised to see him again. \"How much of that did you hear?\" John called out to him. \"Enough,\" the man replied, \"Those were some pretty profound words for a guy who was sharing them with a former enemy, Jonathan.\" \"I didn't want him to be my enemy, Winston.\" Wick replied as he started to walk closer to the owner of the Continental. \"It was something that just happened and I now regret all of it.\" \"All of it?\" Winston asked, with a perked eyebrow. \"Well not all of it,\" Wick admitted, \"But I've taken a lot of lives ever since losing my wife. I know it's unfair to blame her for it because I'm the one who chose to get angry and to become violent. This is all on me, and I'll have to live with this new found guilt for the rest of my life.\" \"That's a rather interesting perspective,\" Winston observed, \"Especially considering your current profession.\" \"Not anymore,\" John told him, \"I'm out. My days of killing people, other people's children, is over for me.\" \"Retirement didn't work out that well for you last time,\" Winston reminded him, \"What makes you think it will stick this time.\" \"Because I'm going to make a vow,\" John answered, \"And I'm going to keep it.\" \"You know me Jonathan,\" Winston continued, \"You word has always been good enough for me.\" \"I'm not taking about making a vow to you,\" John corrected him, \"But to Yuna. I'm going to dedicate myself to fatherhood, be the man I wasn't able to be for her the first thirteen years of her life. During that time, as long as Yuna and I are left alone, no one will ever die by my hands ever again.\" \"You really mean that,\" Winston said, sensing how serious Wick was. \"I have to go,\" Wick told him, \"I'd like to visit my wife before heading home to spend the rest of my day with Yuna.\" \"I hope that despite your latest revelation,\" Winston added, \"That you'll still take a moment to drop by to say hello whenever you have the chance.\" \"I'll try,\" John replied, \"But no promises.\" \"That will have to do for now,\" Winston said, shaking John's hand. \"Take care, Jonathan. Give my best to Yuna.\" \"Thanks, Winston.\" John said as he turned away and started to walk towards his wife's grave which happened to be at the other side of the same cemetery. He didn't turn to see if Winston was still watching as he walked away but he didn't care. That part of his life was behind him as all that mattered to John Wick was the future that layed before him, hoping to raise his child in peace. ","Summary":" The morning had started the same way it had for the last several months. John would slip out of bed"},{"Movie":"John Wick","Title":"Getting Out Alive","Author":"awkwardconversation","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12390163","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ***I own nothing of these characters** She awoke to blackness. Her eyes were open but she could see nothing. \"Is he here?\" she heard a man say. \"Yes.\" answered another man. She heard footsteps. \"That's far enough.\" said the man. Suddenly blinding light hit her eyes as something was pulled from her head. She tried to rub her eyes but her hands were bound behind her back. As her eyes adjusted she looked around the room. She saw at least twelve men and a thirteenth standing before her. The man at her side most likely pulled the bag from her head. He shoved a gun in her temple as he grabbed a handful of hair from her head. \"If you do not cooperate she dies.\" said the man to someone. A thirteenth man before her looked at her. He stood dressed in a black suit. His hair black and slicked back. A scruffy mustache and beard on his face. His eyes intense became fixed upon the man with the gun. She had no idea who he was or where they were. \"Let her go or you all die.\" he said calmly. His eyes focused on the man pressing the gun to her temple. \"I don't know him.\" she said. The man pressed the gun to her head, \"Shut up!\" he yelled. Her eyes returned to the man before her. For a second she saw his eyes soften as he looked at her. He have a slight nod. \"If you kill me it's on your hands, not his.\"she said. The man beside her grabbed her jaw jerking her face towards him. \"Shut up.\" he said fiercely. The man before her kept his eyes fixed upon the man at her side. \"Look at him.\" directed the man. She closed her eyes dropping her head as he let go of her. As she lifted her head she turned her eyes to the man with the gun, \"No, my blood is on your hands and yours only.\" she said preparing to die. She heard the gun cock as she felt the cold steel on her temple. She closed her eyes as a succession of shots followed. There was a silence. She sat with eyes closed. As the silence continued she slowly opened her eyes. She saw blood covering her. Was she wounded? \"Are you ok?\" asked the man that had once stood before her. She stared at him blankly. \"We need to get out of here.\" he said kneeling before her. She looked around the room as he took her arm to steady her as she stood. He cut her hands loose from the rope that bound her hands behind her back. The men in the room, all of them, lay unconscious on the floor. As she looked them over she saw each with a single head shot wound. She turned to look at him. She didn't know what shock felt like but she was pretty sure she was in it, \"Your safe with me.\" he said removing his jacket. \"Wear this and you need to stay right by my side.\" She nodded as tears welled in her eyes. \"Do you know how to shoot a gun?\" he asked. She just stared at him and shook her head. \"I just want to go home.\" \"I know. You didn't ask for this and I will get you home. But right now, home is far away so you need to listen to me.\" he said. \"Who are you?\" she asked. \"You're way out.\" he said gripping her hand. He led her to one of the bodies on the floor. He took the gun hat lay beside the man and put it in her hands. \"You shoot anyone who comes at you.\" She looked at him terrified. \"I can't.\" she said. \"I'm sorry, but this isn't optional.\" he said. He heard the click of a gun cock. He grabbed her and pressed her against the wall behind him as he fired a shot hitting a man on the floor. The man dropped releasing the gun. He looked back to see her shaking. He came alongside her and wrapping his arms around her helped her aim the gun at the man lying on the floor. She looked back at him as he held her hands around the gun. He nodded to her. \"Squeeze the trigger.\" he said. She started to and then released her finger. \"I need to know you can do this if you need to. These men won't hesitate to pull the trigger on you.\" She took a deep breath and squeezed the trigger. He held her steady as he felt her startled by the shot. \"Good. Next time try to keep your eyes open.\" he said giving a slight smile and releasing her from his grip. He clicked the safety. \"When you need to, release the safety and shoot. Don't hesitate.\" he said,. He grabbed her hand and guided her out the door.[Chapter 2] She silently followed him as they made their way through hallways. Bodies were strung out along their path. She noted that each body had a head wound like the men in the other room. This man, this killer guiding her, would he kill her too? They came to a man guarding the exit. They walked up to him as her heart raced. \"John.\" said the man. \"Bill.\" replied the man holding her hand. \"I think we've worn out our welcome.\" The man looked at him. \"lavori?\" asked the man in another language she did not understand. The man, she now knew to be named John answered, \"sí.\" as he squeezed her hand. She clicked the safety off her gun at her side. Bill nodded and stepped aside. John led her out into the alley. He turned back to check on her. He saw the fear still in her eyes. Her face splattered with blood as the gun peeked from the sleeve of his jacket she wore as it hung off of her. \"You'll need to stay with me tonight. \" he said. She nodded feeling numb as she realized there was no other choice right now. They checked into a hotel. It was a rather ornate hotel. Normally she would have marveled at the classic beauty of the lobby. Instead she tried to hide the blood stains on her hands as she wore his ill fitting jacket. She kept her head down and herself close to him. There were few people around and those that were barely gave them a glance. Once they got into the room she caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror. Her face splattered with blood. She lifted her hand to see them also red with blood. She took a seat on the couch exhausted and in shock. She stared out the window as John spoke to someone on the phone. She quickly drifted off. He hung up the phone and saw her asleep. Her face splattered with dried blood. He had made arrangements to have their clothes laundered. He gently removed his jacket from her. He was unsure of removing her clothing but she was not waking up. He picked her up and carried her to the bed. She didn't stir. She was clearly exhausted. He took a robe and laid it next her her. He removed her blouse and was relieved to see a tank top beneath. He then removed her jeans that were stained with blood. She still did not wake. He then wrapped her in the robe and laid a blanket atop her. He wet a wash cloth and wiped the blood from her face and hands. He was not sure how she got involved in this mess but he would do everything to get her out. He then removed his own stained garments and put the clothing outside the door for laundering. He wrapped himself in a robe. He ordered room service as he was hungry and knew she would be when she woke up. He decided to pull a chair next to the bed and rest close to her in case she needed anything. Just as he got comfortable there was a knock at the door. He grabbed his gun just in case. He opened the door and a nice older lady pushed a silver cart though the door. He thanked her and handed her a small token of appreciation. He heard stirring and went to the bedroom to check. \"How did I get this robe on?\" she asked. She realized he wore one too. He saw the look of panic. \"You fell asleep so I took your clothes to have them cleaned. I sent mine too.\" he said, \"That's all. I wouldn't hurt you.\" She settled down. \"Ok.\" \"I ordered some food.\" he said. \"Thank you.\" she said. \"I should wash up.\" She went to the bathroom. She washed her hands realizing there was no blood. She looked at her face. Clean. She walked back out. \"Did you wash my face and hands?\" \"Yes.\" he said. She wasn't sure what to think. This man, killer, was more of a gentleman than any man she had met. \"Would you like some food?\" he asked. She took a seat next to him on the bed with the cart setting before them. \"I got two burgers and some salad. I hope that is ok.\" She smiled at him. \"Yes. Thank you.\" \"I don't think we ever had a proper introduction. I'm John Wick.\" he said extending his hand. \"Evie Taylor.\" she said shaking his hand. She took note of the ring on his left hand. \"Are you married?\" \"Yes.\" he said leaving the explanation at that. Evie looked at him sensing there was more to the story. \"What's her name?\" she asked. He appreciated her referring to Helen in the present tense, \"Helen.\" he replied. His gaze fixed on his ring as he spoke her name. \"Can I ask what you remember about when they took you or why?\" he asked changing the subject. Her name still a wound to his heart. \"I was on my way home from work.\" she said. \"A man approached me and asked me for directions. Then he covered my mouth with something and I guess I passed out. Why would they take me?\" \"These aren't the type of men who make sense.\" he said placing a plate before her. \"Thank you.\" she said. \"For saving me and taking care of me.\" she said as he looked her in the eyes. \"And for not taking advantage of me.\"she added. He was confused by the sentiment. \"What kind of man takes advantage of a woman?\" \"You'd be surprised.\" she said taking a bite. He just watched her feeling sad at her words, \"Then that's not a man.\" he said. She looked up at him. His eyes and words comforted her. Her fears put to rest in the moment as they finished their meals in silence.[Chapter 3] Their clothes were returned to them within an hour. Evie showered and dressed in her newly cleaned clothes. John did the same. \"I know you want to get home and I want you there safe but I'm not sure why they targeted you. They tried to bargain your life with me. They know what I am capable of and they knew you would end up with me.\" he said. \"I don't know you.\" she said. \"You had no obligation to save me. How would they know you would? You said these men don't make sense. The men who took me are dead. I can go home.\" \"It's not that simple.\" he said. \"Maybe it is?\" she said. He suspected she may have ties to the assassin underworld. It was not etiquette to bring in outsiders with no ties. \"Let's head to your place. We can see if you're safe there.\" he said. They arrived at her apartment. When she opened the door it was just as she had left it. \"I hope you are ok with me staying here with you. I need to make sure no one is coming for you.\" he said, \"Do I really have a choice?\" she said. A knock came at the door. He instinctively pulled his gun. Evie looked through the peephole. She nodded to him it was ok. He put the gun away as she opened the door to see her neighbor Krista. \"Hi Krista.\" said Evie standing in the doorway. John stood behind her. \"I just wanted to make sure you were ok .\" Krista looked past Evie to John. \"Did you have a little getaway?\" she said smiling as she looked back at Evie raising her eyebrow. \"Yeah, a bit unexpected.\" she said. \"Well, I can see why. Who is your friend?\" she asked pushing past her to come in. \"Please come in.\" said Evie sarcastically. \"I'm Krista.\" she said smiling and extending her hand to John. He looked at Evie. \"Nice to meet you. I'm John Smith.\" he said shaking her hand and walking to Evie's side as he wrapped an arm around her. Evie played along. \"Ok, well, uhm, we need to go to coffee soon.\" she said leaving. \"Oh, and here is a note that was outside your door this morning. I didn't want to leave it in the hall.\" she said as Evie walked to the door to take it from her. \"Hang on to him or if ya get tired of him let me know.\" she whispered giving Evie a wink. \"Nice to meet you, John.\" she waved. Evie shut the door and locked it. She opened the envelope. \"I hope that was ok.\" he said referring to his actions. \"Yes.\" she said focused on the letter she pulled from the envelope. \"Why did you say your name was Smith?\" \"In case anyone comes asking.\" he said. Evie looked at the letter. The words read: 'grekhi ottsa yavlyayutsya proklyatiyem yego potomkov. dolg prichitayetsya i oplata dolzhna byt'. John stood beside her looking at the letter. She looked at him. \"I don't know what this says.\" \"the sins of the father are the curse of his offspring. a debt is owed and payment is due.\" said John looking at her. \"You need to pack your things and come with me.\" Evie had just finished packing her bag when they heard Krista scream. Evie ran towards the door. John put his hand out to stop her. He shook his head. He pulled his gun and led her to the window. He saw men on the ground. He walked to the door. He guided her next to him beside the doorway. He laid his hand across her stomach and gently guided her as they stood with their backs pressed to the wall. The door burst open. John shot the first man in the head. Evie jumped but kept quiet. The second man walked in with a third. John hit the man in the face. As he fell to the ground the third man turned his gun in John's direction. John shot the man in the leg and as his head dropped on instinct to his wound he shot him in the head. The man dropped on top of the second man pinning him as John shot the second man in the head. John turned to see Evie staring blankly at the dead men. He knew there were more coming. \"Evie.\" He whispered to get her attention. Her head snapped to him. He grasped her hand and peered into the hall. Evie again wondered who this man was. He pulled her into the hall once he determined it was clear. Evie saw Krista lying dead in her doorway. A pool of blood beneath her head. Her dead eyes staring up at Evie. She felt sick. John pulled her along. She took deep breaths knowing this was not over yet. She was tired of seeing what he was capable of. He found a utility closet at the end of the hall. He pulled her close to his chest protectively as he opened the door and searched the closet. When he determined, it was clear he guided her to the corner several feet clear of the door and gave her a gun. \"Stay here and stay quiet.\" He said. He clicked the safety off. \"Like I told you before.\" He said nodding. She took a deep breath and nodded. He placed his hand on hers to reassure her before leaving. She heard the quiet click of the door closing. There was a silence before gunshots went on for what felt like minutes but she knew it was only seconds. When the gunfire ceased, she heard the grunts and struggles of fighting. She kept the gun at her side terrified that she may have to use it. She could not make sense of the noises outside. She stopped counting gun shots after she got to twelve. Was he ok? She heard a silence then the careful click of the door. Her heart raced as she lifted the gun aiming it at the door. She took deep calming breaths to steady her hands. The knob began to turn. She began to squeeze the trigger. The door swung open. She fired as she saw John duck to the side. She gasped. \"I'm sorry.\" she said dropping the gun to her side and rushing to him. \"Don't be.\" He said. \"You kept your eyes open that time.\" he said smiling. \"We need to get back to the hotel.\" he said. She was shaking. \"I know you didn't ask for this Evie. They don't care but I do. I'll make sure this debt is wiped clean and that you get back to your life.\" He said as he brought his hand to her face and wiped a tear from her cheek. She hadn't even realized she was crying. \"I'm sorry about your friend.\" He said. She clicked the safety on her gun. She could only nod and stay silent. She had no words. He took her hand and they headed out.[Chapter 4] As they returned to the hotel he could see she was distraught. He wasn't sure what to say or do. Once they were in the room she broke the silence. \"Krista's dead.\" she said in a quiet voice that seemed to take all her strength just to force the whisper. She sat down with an empty stare. John just watched her as he poured her a drink. He poured one for himself and set the glass on the table in front of her as he took a seat across from her. She stared at the drink. She heard the ice rattle as he drank. She slowly looked up at him. \"This seems unreal?\" she said struggling with the words coming out of her mouth. This reality she was now in was the complete opposite of her own. He sat watching her stare at the drink. \"Why?\" she asked looking up at him. \"Exactly where the hell am I? Are you going to kill me?\" He looked at her. \"Evie, do you think I am going to kill you?\" She looked at him feeling embarrassed at her accusation. \"No.\" she said. \"John,\" she paused, \"just explain what is going on?\" \"I'm doing my best to figure it out.\" he said. \"No, I mean how does a man know how to kill twelve men in a room in under ten seconds?\" she asked. He looked at her. \"I used to be an assassin of sorts.\" Evie looked at him focusing her words. \"Used to be?\" \"I retired.\" he said. She gave him a scolding look. \"I'm reluctantly back, temporarily, for reasons of my own.\" he said.\"I need to right some wrongs.\" \"And then back to retirement?\" she asked as she watched him twist the ring on his finger. \"Something like that.\" He said. \"Then let me get out of your way.\" She said. \"Those men were there for you.\" He said. \"You don't know that.\" She said. \"Call it a gut feeling.\" He said. \"The letter?\" she asked. \"It didn't say my name. It could be anyones.\" \"What is your father's name?\" he asked. \"I don't know. I never met him. He left my mother when I was two years old.\" She said. \"What is your mother's name. Full name.\" he asked. She looked at him unsure of where he was going, \"Judith Natalie Taylor. Why?\" \"The letter referenced the sins of the father. We need to find out who your father is.\" He said. \"Ok, and how do we do that? I go down to the records deparment?\" she asked. \"No. I need to speak with a gentleman downstairs. I'd like you to come with me.\" he said. \"Ok.\" she said finishing her drink. He made a call to the front desk requesting a meeting with management. Soon after a knock came at the door. John opened it. \"Mr. Wick, your ordered a fitting?\" asked the young light haired man. \"Yes, please come in.\" said John. The man was followed by an older woman. \"Evie,, Martina will take your measurements.\" \"Excuse me?\". She asked. \"You'll need some clothes.\" said John. Evie looked confused as the woman pulled a measuring tape. \"Please remove your sweater.\" asked Martina. Evie removed it as the young man streteched the tape measure across John's arm. John watched as Martina took Evie's measurements. He took note of a several scars on her wrist. \"Sir, would you like the usual styling?\" ask the man. \"Yes, thank you.\" he said. \"And for your lady friend?\" he asked. \"The same.\" he said. \"Very well, Mr. Wick. It will be sent up as soon as possible.\" he said. Evie grabbed her sweater. Evie watched as John gave the man some type of coin as they left. \"What was that about?\" she asked. \"I need to speak with someone downstairs and thought you might like to come along.\" he said. \"And that requires measurements?\" she asked. \"You'll need a dress.\" he said. \"Do I have a choice?\" she asked. \"Not really,\" he said. Looking at her wrist as she took her glass. \"How did that happen?\" he asked referring to her exposed scar. \"The aftermath of a situation not of my choice.\" she said. \"Did you try to kill yourself?\" he asked noting the placement of the scar at her wrist. She looked at her scar. She had never been asked that question before. \"Probably.\" \"Because someone took advantage?\" he asked referring to their earlier discussion. \"Listen, I'm ok.\" she said. He just looked at her. \"Sometimes memories just hurt.\" she paused. \"I thought the physical pain would somehow heal the mental. A physical wound at least makes sense. You can see the wound, see it bleed, and watch it heal.\" she said looking at him. \"The mental pain isn't that simple.\" she said as he just stared into her eyes. \"I guess what I'm really saying is I'm not ok, but being ok is the goal. I promise.\" \"It's ok not to be ok.\" he said. \"Pain caused by others is not of our choice. Life takes things from us.\" \"Sounds like you speak from experience.\" she said. He stood up and walked to her. \"I'm sorry someone took advantage of you and caused you pain.\" he said. \"You don't need to apologize.\" she said looking into his brown eyes. \"You're a good man.\" He gave her a slight smile as put a hand on her shoulder. It was about an hour later that there was a knock at the door and a man handed John two garment bags. He handed one to Evie. \"You can wear this.\" He said. She unzipped the bag to find a shimmery black evening gown inside. \"Wait, wear this just to go downstairs?\" she asked. \"I thought you could use a drink.\" he said smiling. \"And I'm not allowed to be alone?\" she asked. \"That too.\" he said. \"They sent some make up and curlers if you want but it's not necessary.\" \"Not necessary?\" she asked. \"Your beautiful.\" he said as he walked into the bedroom to change. She just shook her head as she headed into the bathroom to get ready. She was still trying to make up her mind on this man. She took a deep breath unsure of what to expect next.[Chapter 5] They had taken he elevator to the basement level. They walked through an area marked mechanical room. She said nothing as he guided her. They finally came to an inconspicuous door that led into some type of club or ballroom. It seemed like a scene out of another era. A classically dressed woman sang soft jazz tunes from the stage as a band played behind her. Evie held tight to John's arm as they made their way to a table in the corner. She tried not to look at everything and everyone but she was fascinated. The room was elegant. Suddenly she realized they stopped walking. \"Good evening Jonathan.\" Said the lone man at the table. He looked at Evie. \"I did not realize you had company. I regret to inform you but regarding this matter, I need to speak with you alone.\" said a man. John nodded and walked Evie to the bar. \"Hey, Addy.\" he said to a woman behind the bar. \"keep watch on my friend here, Evie.\" She nodded. \"I'll be right back.\" he said seeing the hesitancy in Evie's eyes. He squeezed her hand, \"I won't be long.\" he said turning to walk back to the man. \"What ya drinking?\" asked Addy. She was a beautiful young lady with long dark hair. Evie felt an instant comfort with her. \"Stout beer?\" she said. Addy smiled. \"Glass or bottle?\" \"I want to say bottle but this place looks like I should say glass.\" said Evie. Addy chuckled and poured her a glass. \"I like the way you think.\" she said. \"How do you know Jonathan?\" \"Jonathan, oh, John. Sorry, he helped me with a situation.\" she said not knowing of any other way to phrase it. Addy looked at her and smiled. \"He's a good guy.\" \"Yeah, he is.\" she said looking over at John. John looked back at her. She felt as though he was keeping an eye on her as he spoke to the gentleman. \"How long have you known each other?\" asked Addy. Evie felt nervous answering, \"Oh, well, we uhm,\" A whistling man at the end of the bar interrupted them. \"Sorry, excuse me.\" she said walking to the man. Evie sighed relief as she glanced over her shoulder to see John still looking towards her. She smiled at him. \"Sorry, you were going to tell me how long have you known him?\" she asked taking a glass and pouring a drink. \"For awhile now.\" she said hoping her nondescript answer would suffice. \"How long will you be staying at the Continental?\" asked Addy. She looked at Addy puzzled. \"The Continental?\" She smiled, \"Yeah. How long are you here for?\" Evie caught on that she was talking about the hotel. \"I'm not sure, really, a few days.\" she said. \"It's good to see him out.\" She said. \"Out?\" she asked. \"Well, I mean after he retired and married I figured we'd never see him again. But a few days after hearing his wife died he was back.\" She said. \"I had no idea she was ill, did you?\" Evie looked at Addy and just shook her head. Addy took note of another man waving at the other end of the bar. \"Excuse me.\" said Addy as she went down to take care of some drinks. Evie looked towards John. She felt as if the breath was knocked out of her as she looked at him. \"Pain caused by others is not of our choice. Life takes things from us.\" his words echoed in her head. \"You're new.\" said a blonde man taking a seat next to her. He had a thick Irish accent. \"You alone?\" \"No. Just waiting on my friend.\" she said oblivious to the man's flirting as she tried to process this new information. \"Who's your friend?\" he asked. \"I mean what kind of man leaves a beautiful woman like you alone?\" She turned to look at the man. \"Mr. Wick.\" she said nodding her head towards the corner table where he sat. The man's demeanor changed as he looked towards the corner. \"Ah, well, evening then.\" he said as he hurried off. Evie watched him then looked to John who still kept an eye on her as he conversed with the man next to him. She sat wondering what had just happened. She sipped her drink as the woman on stage sang a soft sweet tune. She scanned the room as she saw Addy pouring drinks. Her thoughts returned to Addy's words. This man's wife is gone. She wondered how long she had been gone. He still wore his wedding ring. Life had taken from him. His words to her earlier had come from experience. \"I see you have a guest.\" Said Winston. \"Yes.\" John said looking towards Evie as he saw her talk with Addy. \"I need to see that she is safe.\" \"Jonathan, you know the rules. There are certain requirements for membership. She cannot stay here and be privy to the perks without membership. I am sorry.\" He said. \"I realize that.\" He said. \"Then you know I cannot make exception.\" He said. \"Of course.\" He said. \"However, she is my guest.\" \"And how did you meet?\" he asked. \"Valeto.\" Said John. \"And how does that involve your services, did she hire you?\" he asked. \"No.\" he said.\"She was held by them to bargain.\" \"And?\" \"I don't bargain.\" he said. \"So you saved her. Then why not just take her home.\" said Winston. \"I tried.\" he said. \"It seems her father owes a debt that the are trying to collect from her.\" \"Then Jonathan, you realize you have no stake in this matter.\" He said. \"I want to clear the debt.\" He said. \"It's not yours to clear.\" He said. \"May I inquire as to your guests name?\" he asked. \"Taylor. Evie Taylor.\" He said. Winston's face went slack. \"Would her mother's name be Judith Taylor?\" John looked at him, \"Yes.\" \"Jonathan, I would advise you steer clear of this if you are intending to resume your retirement at any point.\" He said. \"You know her mother.\" He asked. \"Then you know her father.\" \"I know the debt will not be settled until her life is turned over to the rightful owner. I'm sorry, Jonathan.\" He said. \"There is no other way.\" John looked over to the bar where Evie sat. \"I can't accept that .\" he said turning back to Winston. Winston looked at him and sighed, \"You know what this world offers and you know what you have to be to survive. Let her go and get on with your retirement.\" \"I need to know who her father is.\" He said. \"It's not that simple.\" He said. \"Let me decide.\" He said. \"Anton Nikolay Tumanova also known as Anthony Taylor.\" He said. \"You've heard of him, I presume.\" \"Yes.\" Said John. \"And you still think you can clear this debt?\" asked Winston. \"It shouldn't be a problem.\" He said getting up. \"If you insist on this path, which I advise heavily against, then I'd like to meet with you and Ms. Taylor. Give me a moment.\" He said. John nodded and walked to Evie.[Chapter 6] FYI-i own none of these characters except my OC, I guess- **thank you for all who have read and reviewed. i appreciate you taking the time to do so.** \"You ok?\" came a voice behind her. \"John.\" Evie said spinning around. \"You startled me.\" \"Would you like to dance?\" he asked. \"Like? No, I don't like dancing.\" she said to him. \"Would you do me the honor then?\" he said extending his hand. She looked at him. He was serious. She reluctantly took his hand. He led her to the dance floor. He wrapped an arm around her and gently held her hand with the other. \"I don't know how to dance.\" she said feeling awkward. \"Neither do I.\" he said smiling. She watched as he surveyed the room around them. She glanced around also. There were few others dancing. She saw a few men at the bar watching them. She noticed a woman watching them intently at a table. \"Evie?\" John asked as he saw her looking around and felt her grip tighten on him. \"John.\" Said Evie snapping from the gaze of the woman at the table. He looked at her noticing something was bothering her. \"Addy told me your wife died.\" She said. \"Yes.\" He said solemnly. \"I'm not sure what to say.\" She said. They continued to slow dance to the soft tune. She could tell it wasn't a subject he favored. She understood that, after all, who would favor it. He eventually broke the silence. \"I didn't say anything because there is nothing to say.\" She just looked up at him staring into his eyes. She searched them trying to see beyond the stoic pain. She second guessed herself in telling him. Maybe he wasn't ready for her to know. Maybe they shouldn't be dancing. \"Maybe we should sit down.\" she said as the thought ran through her head. He looked at her, \"Why?\" he asked. Evie decided to just throw it out, \"Would she be ok that I am dancing with you? Are you ok with it?\" He stared at her. Her words made him realize he had been avoiding the thought of Helen in the moment. He felt a guilt that he had not thought in those terms about his actions yet there was a peace that she had. \"I know I never met her, but I just want to honor her memory.\" Said Evie. \"You aren't obligated to help me with this-\" \"She would've liked you.\" He said interrupting her. \"And thank you. I think we are both ok with a dance.\" Evie felt relief. She did not want to push him on the subject. She felt they were both ready for a change of topic. \"Who was that man you were talking to?\" she asked looking over to see him watching them. \"Management. He thinks he knows your father.\" Said John. \"What?\" she asked. \"How?\" \"He knows your mother or he knew her.\" He said. \"So, does he think the letter is a threat?\" she asked. \"Your father had some debts.\" Said John. \"Ok, so, how is that my problem?\" she asked. John was silent as he looked at her. \"John, what?\" \"He offered you as payment for his debts.\" He said. Evie just stared at him in disbelief. The father she never knew gave her life in exchange for his debts. \"Ok, so, those men you killed were attempting to kidnap me and you took care of them so I'm good.\" \"It's not that simple, Evie.\" He said. \"Then I go to the police.\" She said. \"The police can't help you.\" He said. \"But you can?\" she asked. She wasn't irritated at him but the situation. Her father walked away from her life and now, he acted as if he had some claim to it. She took a deep breath. \"So, I have to stay here with you?\" she asked. She was starting to have more questions than answers about him and all of this. It was not sitting well. \"I have to ask. When I was at the bar a man ask who I was here with and when I said your name he all but ran. Why?\" he asked. \"I have a reputation.\" he said. \"I think that may be an understatement.\" she said. \"I will find who is collecting on the debt.\" he said. \"And then what?\" she asked. \"I'll clear it.\" he said. She looked into his eyes. \"John, I can't ask you to do that.\" \"You're not. I'm offering.\" he said. \"Management would like to speak to both of us.\" He said. \"What is management's name?\" she asked. \"Winston.\" He said. \"He will let us know when he's ready.\" \"So there's time for another drink? I think I'll need it.\" She said. John nodded and walked her to a small table. Addy saw them take a seat and brought some drinks to them. \"The usual for you, John.\" She said setting down a glass. \"And for you, Evie, I brought the bottle as well as a glass to let you decide.\" She smiled patting her arm. \"Thanks, Addy.\" Said John. John took a drink. He watched Evie. He could see she was distracted. She took a drink from the bottle as she mindlessly stared at the stage. \"Evie.\" He said. He could see she was shaken from their conversation. Evie turned to him just as a man approached their table.[Chapter 7] \"Mr. Wick.\" Said the short man. \"Management will see you both now.\" The man escorted them to the corner table. John pulled the chair out for Evie and she took a seat. He took the chair next to her. \"Good evening.\" said the man at the table greeting her. \"You can call me Winston.\" \"Nice to meet you, Winston.\" She said. \"You can call me, Evie.\" John rested his arm across the back of Evie's chair. \"Ms. Taylor, Jonathan let me know of the recent correspondence you received.\" He said. \"Your mother's name is Judith Natalie Taylor?\" Evie nodded. \"She was also known as Natalya Alla Tumanova. She was married to Anthony Nicholas Taylor also known as Anton Nikolay Tumanova.\" He said. \"With all due respect, Winston, I don't understand how this matters.\" She said. \"Your father worked with Ivan Turov supplying guns to the various underground channels. Ivan made claims that your father stole from him. Your father was selling guns on the side to pay various debts. Ivan Turov was willing to work with your father's indiscretions. When Turov was killed. Alex Motkova assumed Ivan's operations and therefore the debts owed. Motkova is not as patient a man as Turov. So, your father offered your life as payment for his debts.\" Said Winston. \"How? How is my life payment for his debts.\" She asked. \"In certain circles, a daughter has a value. Motkova, before assuming the operations of the fallen Turov, was the owner of a lucrative service to provide gentleman with companionship.\" He said. \"Prostitution?\" she asked. \"I can't speak to their plans for you. \" he said. \"Your father bargained your life to save his own. There is a contract for your capture, alive, to be brought to Motkova.\" He said. \"Then why is no one snatching me up?\" she asked. \"This establishment is safe ground. Perhaps Jonathan has not had time to explain, but no business such as your contract, can be conducted on Continental grounds.\" He said. Evie looked at John. Her head was spinning. She was beginning to fear what more she wasn't being told. \"Ms. Taylor, you are safe here.\" He said. \"Thank you, Winston.\" She said. \"How can I clear my contract outside of turning myself over to Mr. Motkova?\" \"I regret to inform you that he only way to clear it is for Motkova to release you from the contract.\" he said. \"That's why I will handle the contract from here.\" Said John. \"Who were the men who kidnapped me?\" she asked as she glanced at John giving him a look of disapproval. \"Some men trying to make good on the contract. The last of Turov's men. Their recent deaths precipitated Motkova's take over.\" He said looking at John. \"I can't stay here.\" Said Evie. \"I'd advise it until Jonathan can negotiate your contract.\" Said Winston. \"I appreciate all that John has done for me but I cannot accept anything further. My father left me when I was a child. He has never saw value in my life and he doesn't get to decide now that there is for the sake of saving his own.\" she said feeling her heart pound in her chest. As she spoke she felt anger and sadness. \"Evie, I realize you were brought into this without choice, but this is a world that lives by a code not reason or logic. I'm sorry.\" said Wintson. \"Me too.\" she said as she fought tears. \"Thank you for everything, Winston.\" She said standing and pushing at John's hand on her chair. \"Evie, please.\" Said John keeping his hand against her chair. She looked at him pleading with her eyes. She knew if she spoke one more word she might lose it. He took note and moved his arm to let her go. Evie walked to the bar. John stood to follow her. \"Jonathan.\" said Winston. \"A word?\" he said gesturing for him to sit. Evie took a seat at the end of the bar. \"You ok?\" asked Addy. \"I'm not sure.\" She said looking over her shoulder to see John and Winston still talking. \"Hey,\" she said setting a small glass before her. \"On the house.\" she smiled. \"Won't take your troubles away but helps take the sting out of them.\" she said walking down to the other end of the bar. Evie took a deep breath then sipped from the glass. It was strong. She sat the glass down and wiped the welling tears from her eyes. She turned back to see John rise from the table and Winston stop him. She wondered what more they could discuss. She saw a man take a seat next to her. John turned towards her as sWinston spoke to him. She turned back to the bar and took another sip from the glass. \"Can I buy you a drink?\" asked a tan dark haired man that had taken the seat next to her. \"My name's Sal.\" \"No thanks, Sal.\" Said Evie keeping her eyes forward to the bottles behind the bar as she sipped her drink. The man put his hand on her shoulder. She abruptly turned knocking his arm fom her shoulder. She looked at him disgusted. \"Woah, it's just a drink.\" He said. \"Please keep your hands off me.\" She said. \"I apologize. Ma'am, I just wanted to take that troubled look off of your face. I promise you, no harm, Ms. Tumanova.\" He said. Evie stared at the man. That was the name Winston had told her belonged to her parents. \"Excuse me? I never told you my name, Sal.\" She said clearly shaken. Evie turned to find Addy. She was down the bar serving drinks. \"Sweetie, I think you did tell me. You must be a bit tipsy.\" He said. She looked at him as he smiled. Her vision began to blur. She stood but her legs felt weak. \"I'm here with someone.\" She said. \"Not for long.\" He said. \"Evie.\" She heard John approaching. She felt hands steady her. She panicked and grabbed the hands holding her. The man who called himself Sal now stood at the other end of the bar watching. John turned Evie to face him. Her panic subsided as she saw it was him holding her. \"John, something's wrong.\" She said. He felt her hold tightly to him to keep herself steady. He wrapped his arm around her waist to keep her tightly at his side. \"John, is she ok?\" asked Addy. \"Who was the guy talking to her?\" asked John. \"He said his name was Sal.\" She said looking around. \"I'm taking her up to the room. Send the doctor and find out what you can about Sal for me.\" Said John. \"Sure.\" She said. John walked Evie to the elevator and just as they got back to the room Evie collapsed on the bed. She nearly overdosed.\" Said the doctor to John. \"She wasn't taking any drugs?\" \"No.\" he said. \"Maybe someone slipped something in her drink.\" Said the doctor. John watched Evie as she lay in bed. Her breathing now normal and she seemed peaceful. \"She should just sleep.\" he said. \"Could you keep an eye on her for me? I have someone I need to talk to.\" asked John. The doctor nodded understanding how John worked. \"Of course.\" said the doctor as he took a seat and grabbed a book from his medical bag.[Chapter 8] \"Is this why you had me stick around?\" said a voice in the distance as Evie awoke. \"I was caught off guard. \" she heard John say. \"Didn't think that was possible.\" said the other voice, Evie climbed out of the bed. She steadied herself as her head pounded. She was still in her gown. She grabbed John's suit jacket that laid on the chair next to the bed and put it on as she felt chilled. She walked into the living area. The two men looked at her. \"See, told ya she'd be fine.\" said the man. She watched as he sewed at John's arm. \"Evie, this is doc.\" said John. \"Doc?\" she asked. \"At your service, ma'am.\" he said cutting the string that stuck from John's arm, \"Keep it bandaged. You know the drill.\" \"Yeah.\" said John as he slipped his dress shirt back over his arm. The doctor walked to the door to leave. \"Ma'am.\" he said addressing Evie was he walked out the door. \"What hapened?\" she asked turning to John. \"Someone at the bar slipped somethig in your drink.\" he said. Evie walked up to him and surveyed his face. \"And what happened to you? Your face is bloody.\" she looked him over, \"Are you hurt other than your arm?\" she asked. \"No.\" he said. \"I just need to wash up.\" \"Do you need help?\" she asked. He paused as he walked into the bathroom. \"No. Just rest.\" he said. She sat on the sofa as she heard the water running. Her head swam as she tried to make sense of the situation. He said someone had slipped something in her drink. She must have passed out. He was bloodied and wounded. He must've had an altercation with the person he suspected drugged her? The bathroom door opened and he walked out with his freshly cleaned face. \"Did you kill him?\" she blurted out as she stood up to confront him. He looked at her surprised by the bluntness, \"It's not your concern.\" \"But it was yours? To go after the person who drugged me?\" she asked. \"There are certain rules. He broke them.\" He said picking up his drink. He took a seat on the couch. \"I don't want any more blood on your hands because of me.\" she said. \"I know you don't. You don't need to concern yourself with it.\" he said. \"Did you get the information you needed?\" she asked. \"Sure.\"he said. \"So what is your plan?\" she asked. \"To clear your contract.\" he said. \"Yeah, but clear it how?\" she asked. \"Maybe you should just rest.\" he said. \"How?\" she insisted as she stood in front of him. She wanted him to say it. \"You know what I do. I think you know how.\" He said looking up at her. She stood staring at him. She had to reason with him. \"I can take out a loan? I can try to do something to make this right, the honorable way.\" \"The honorable way was not to give one's daughter's life as a way to cancel a debt.\" He said. \"There is nothing honorable about this.\" \"Two wrongs don't make a right?\" she said. \"Right?\" he said setting his drink down. \"Right doesn't quite factor in.\" \"I'm just trying to say that I'm not your responsibility. My father made this choice.\" She said trying to change his mind. \"And it wasn't your choice.\" he said. \"I know. The sins of the father, right?\" she scoffed. \"I'm leaving. Whatever you do with your life is your choice and this is mine. Thank you for saving my life.\" She said walking towards the door. He stood and grabbed her wrist to stop her. She turned to look at him. \"John, let go.\" She said looking down at his hand holding her wrist. She didn't panic. She always panicked but not this time. Not with him. \"No.\" he said. As he held her wrist. His mind raced. The last person he asked not to leave was his wife. \"Don't make me a prisoner to your choice now.\" She said snapping him from his thoughts.. \"I owe you for saving my life but-\" He stopped her, \"Then don't throw it away.\" He said moving himself between her and the door. \"This isn't a life you want. Running from these men. They will kill you or enslave you. You, owe them nothing.\" She sighed. \"I'm ok with my decision.\" She could see the intensity in his eyes. \"I'm not.\" He said. \"I need you to trust me. This won't take long.\"he said letting go of her wrist. She could see the seriousness in his eyes. She noticed something else. A sadness. And pain. She watched him walk back to the table and pour another drink. She couldn't leave. She didn't want to now. \"I'll make sure management takes care of you.\" he said returning to the sofa. She resigned herself to play along. \"How long will you be gone?\" she asked taking a seat across from him. She noticed he would no longer look at her. He stared into his glass. \"I'll leave in the morning and be gone a few days.\" he said. She dropped her head too exhausted to continue making her case. \"I had a nice time tonight. I mean, despite the being drugged thing.\" she said with a nervous chuckle. \"I think I will just turn in.\" she said as she stood and removed his jacket. She placed it next him on the sofa . He seemed to be lost in thought. She had nothing left to say so she walked to her room. John wrestled with himself. His mind frantic to retrace emotional steps with his wife. He questioned himself and his motives. He was fond of Evie and mad at himself for it. He questioned if he was betraying her memory. He was mad at the chance taken from him to grieve by this damned life. He wasn't sure what he was getting in to. He just wanted to help. His wife, Helen, would want him to help. If this life refused to give him up, then he would play by his rules. Maybe he needed to prove to himself that the heart that got him out, still lived. He drank the rest of his glass and walked to Evie's room. He knocked at the door. \"Yes.\" she said opening the door. \"I had a nice time too. Good night.\" he said turning to walk to his room. Evie watched him as he walked to his room. She shook her head. She couldn't let him handle this. It wasn't his to handle. Now that she knew his wife had died she wondered if he had some suicide wish. She couldn't understand why he would help her. She wasn't used to that. Now was not the time to get used to it. Not with him. Not like this.[Chapter 9] Evie couldn't sleep. She opened her bedroom door. She saw John's bedroom was closed so she quietly walked to the phone and called down to the front desk. \"Good evening, how may I help you?\" asked the man. \"I need to send a message to management, please.\" she asked in almost a whisper. \"Of course.\" he said. \"Could you ask management to arrange a meeting here at the Continental with Motkova?\" she asked. \"He'll understand.\" \"Who shall I say it is from?\" he asked. \"Ms. Taylor, Mr. Wick's guest.\" she said. \"I will make sure this gets to management. Is there anything else I may assist you with?\" he asked. \"No, thank you.\" she said. \"Goodnight, ma'am.\" he said. \"Goodnight.\" she said placing the phone down quietly. As she stood to walk back to her bedroom she jumped as she saw John standing in his bedroom doorway. \"You scared me.\" she said knowing she was caught. \"Meeting with Motkova won't help.\" he said. \"I have to try.\" she said. \"I can't seem to convince you to leave this alone.\" She could tell he disapproved. \"If he agrees I'll meet with him.\" he said. \"I want to be there, John.\"she said. \"It's my life.\" \"And I'm trying to keep it that way. You nearly died, Evie.\" he said trying to make her understand this was not a simple issue. \"You could've let me. Then you'd be that much closer to retirement.\" she said. She saw a disappointment at her words. \"Do you have a death wish?\" he asked. She stared at him, \"I don't know.\" she was thrown by the question and a bit upset. \"I could ask the same of you.\" \"I chose this life. You didn't.\" he said. \"Yeah, well, it feels like it chose me so I'll deal with it.\" she said. \"Let me help you get out.\" he said. \"Not at the expense of you staying in.\" she argued. He could tell she was passionate about her argument. It didn't change his plan. \"Get some sleep, Evie.\" he said walking back to his room. His phone glowed signaling a call. He had silenced it so Evie wouldn't hear. He answered it. The voice on the other end spoke, \"John Wick, you have something of mine,\" said the voice. John stayed silent. \"I know your reputation for taking lives but I never recalled a time when you saved one. Not really your style. Maybe you're going soft because of your wife's untimely death. Now if you turn her over I will personally see to it that you walk away from this life once more. \" John ended the call. He looked out into the living area as Evie walked to her room and shut the door. Motkova knew where they were and knew Evie was with him. He needed to end this. He hated to not tell Evie but he knew she would insist on coming with him. He couldn't risk it. He couldn't risk her. Evie woke up. She saw the clock read 6:00 am. She got out of bed and went to find John. She hoped some rest would make it easier to convince him not to go. She saw his door open. \"John?\" she said tapping at the opened door. She heard nothing. She walked in. He was gone. The room phone rang. She reluctantly picked it up as panic set in that he was gone. \"Ms. Taylor, this is the front desk. Management would like to speak to you at your earliest convenience.\" said the man. Evie was nervous to reply. John was gone. Did she finally convince him? Had he gone after Motkova? Was this truly the front desk? \"Where should I meet with management?\" She finally said. \"They will come to your room when you are ready.\" he said. \"Give me ten minutes, please.\" she said. \"Of course.\" he said. Evie hung up the phone. She showered and dressed. She searched John's room finding a small handgun. She looked it over. She found the safety and clicked it on. It looked like the one he showed her how to use but it was a bit smaller. She pulled the top of the gun back to ready it to fire. She saw the bullet in place. She wasn't sure how many were in the clip. She placed it by the door in case this meeting was a trap. She watched the clock. They should be here at anytime. A knock came at the door. She cautiously approached and looked through the peephole. As a precaution she grabbed the gun holding it behind her back as she clicked the safety off. \"Ms. Taylor.\" she heard Winston call from the door. She opened the door. \"Hello, Winston.\" she said. \"Evie.\" he said nodding as he walked in. Five other men with him stayed outside the door in the hall. Evie closed the door and clicked the safety on. She laid the gun on the table. \"I see John has gotten you familiar with the tools of the trade.\" he smiled. \"Where is he?\" she asked. It was the only thing she needed to know. \"He wanted me to check on you. He has went to find Motkova.\" said Winston. Her heart sank, yet she was relieved. Relieved to know he had not abandoned her as she had insisted on. \"How can I find him?\" she asked. \"Ms. Taylor, if you care for John's safety you will heed his direction in staying here.\" he said. \"Winston, I need to know where he went.\" she insisted. \"Evie. John is a very focused man. It is best to stay out of his way.\" he said. \"Your safety is his utmost priority.\" \"Why?\" she asked. \"I don't question, Jonathan, and neither should you. He's taken a shine to you.\" he said. \"The few that Jonathan has let into his life are very dear to him and those who have harmed them have paid with their life.\" \"I owe John much, but he owes me nothing.\" she said. \"That's not how he operates.\" said Winston. \"He once left this life behind for one he felt was worth it. It seems he finds a value in you. A value that says you are worth staying in this life to see you out of it.\" Evie just looked at Winston. She didn't have time to reflect on his sentiment. She needed to find John and she would be on her own to do it.[Chapter 10] After Winston left, Evie decided the only chance was to get to Motkova before John. She was sure she would not have a problem finding him. In fact, her money was on them finding her now that John was gone. John had told her to stay in the hotel. So if she were to leave surely someone would find her and take her to Motkova. Evie tucked the small handgun into the back of her waistband. She threw on a jacket and made her way to the elevator. She casually walked to the front door to leave. \"Ms. Taylor.\" called the man at the front desk. Evie ignored him as she hurried to the door. Once outside she walked down the sidewalk to a crosswalk. As she stood waiting to cross the street a dark car pulled up. \"Ms. Taylor.\" said a man in the back seat as he opened the door. \"Mr. Motkova would like to see you.\" Evie thought they would find her easy once she was out of the hotel. She didn't realize it would be this easy. She swallowed hard as she nodded and got in. John drove to a dry-cleaning store on the corner of 1st and 2nd Street. He obtained information that Motkova ran his operation from the building. John parked several blocks away and walked. As he rounded the corner he saw several men walk into a side entrance. His heart sank as he saw Evie walking in the center of them. A gun held at her side. He found himself angry at Evie's stubbornness. He just prayed it wouldn't get her killed. His focus was to kill Motkova and end this. As much as he cared for her, he knew the best life was her was far away from this. \"How good to see you again, Evie.\" said Motkova. \"I'm here so you can cancel the contract or whatever you have out for me.\" she said feeling brave and stupid all at the same time. She only hoped she would throw John off the trail. The man, Motkova, looked familiar to her but she didn't know why. \"Where is your protective shadow? I thought Mr. Wick kept very close tabs on you.\" he said. Evie just stared at him. \"I see the look in your eyes. Do you remember me?\" he smirked. \"Has it been that long? He left no lasting impression?\" \"I'm sorry, who?\" she asked. \"Trevor.\" He said. \"I know how you crushed his affections for you all those years ago.\" As she stared at Motkova she realized why now, that he looked familiar. \"Poor, Trevor. He loved you but you wouldn't love him back.\" he said. \"He tried to rape me.\" she said angrily. \"But he didn't, did he?\" said Motkova. \"He tried.\" she argued. \"You're such a stupid whore like your mother.\" said Motkova. Evie lunged towards him slapping his face. In return, he punched her knocking her to the ground. \"I've wanted to do that ever since that night.\" said Motkova. Two men grabbed Evie's arms and pulled her up. She felt the warmth of blood run from her cut lip. Her cheek felt warm and throbbed. \"That night that you chose to save yourself and let your mother die. Do you know why she died?\" he asked. She now realized who he was. The night her mother died, he was one of the men who stormed their home. \"Because of you, Trevor killed himself, and that is why your mother had to die.\" he said. \"You were the one we came for but you ran.\" Evie stared at him in shock. She never knew Trevor killed himself. \"Oh yes, because of you Trevor died and because of you, your mother died.\" he said smiling as two men carried out an older man and threw him to the floor. He looked to be in his early 60's. \"And now, because of you, your father will die.\" Evie looked at the man. He looked like a stranger. \"And he will die at your own hands.\" said Motkova placing a gun in her hands. \"No.\" she said. \"That's cute. You think you have a choice. Let me put it this way. You kill your worthless father and I will cancel the contract and forgive the debt.\" Evie stared at Motkova and then at the weeping man called her father. If she did this then John would have no reason to watch over her. She could free him of the obligation he felt to her. \"To sweeten the deal, I will also clear the marker due me from your precious John Wick.\" he said. \"What?\" she said staring at him confused. \"I see I have your attention now, Evie. You see a marker is a blood oath. As long as I hold this I can ask any task of him.\" he smiled. \"Even, to kill you. Evie just stared at him as he removed an item from his pocket. It looked like a pocket watch. \"Imagine the torture he would live with if your blood was on his hands.\" he said. As she stared at the marker he knew his words churned within her head and her heart. \"It's simple, Evie.\" She looked at the marker. Motkova could be lying. She had no idea what that was but was she willing to take the chance. She finally looked up at Motkova. He smiled as he knew he was getting through to her, \"Kill your father, dear, and you and John walk away.\"[Chapter 11] John waited until they had made their way into the building. He knew that Motkova would station his men throughout the building looking specifically for him. Now that they had Evie, they knew he wouldn't be far behind. He did not want to disappoint them. He made his way through the building taking out Motkova's men along the way. As he neared a room on the third floor he froze as he heard Evie's voice. \"Kill your father, Evie, or John will.\" he said. \"You don't speak for John.\" she said disgusted by the man. \"The marker, remember?\" said Motkova. \"So, you reject Trevor and show favor for John? Do you know who he is?\" said Motkova pausing. \"Do you know who killed your mother? Do you know who pulled the trigger that night to end her life?\" said Motkova. John listened intently. \"John did.\" John stood waiting for Evie's reply. It was true and it was the reason Winston wanted him to walk away. John never saw Evie or even knew whose house he was at. He was hired by an anonymous client who wanted to make a point to a man named Tumanova who had failed to pay a debt. He showed up where he was asked and pulled the trigger as he was paid to do. John was ready for Evie to hate him, but that didn't alter his plan. He was there to save her and kill Motkova. His feelings for Evie remained and he would make sure she got out of this life. This life that he couldn't seem to shake. His sins were many and this one seemed to steal all hope from him. A hope for something more in that moment seemed to give way to solitude of his past. John saw a man round the corner next to him. He grabbed him and pulled him into the stairwell he just came from. He held the man's gun clicking the safety on as he tried to fire it. He easily disarmed him in the stairwell grabbing the knife from his ankle he pinned the man to the floor. \"I need information.\" Said John keeping his voice low and quiet. The man's eyes glared defiantly at him. He pressed the blade to pierce the skin of his chest right about his heart. \"I will ask you a question, if you fail to answer, the blade sinks an inch deeper towards your heart.\" He growled. \"How many men does Motkova have in the room?\" The man stared at him giving no answer. John pushed the blade into the skin. The man's muffled screams blasted into his hand. \"How many?\" he asked. \"Five maybe six.\" He grunted as his eyes closed against the pain. \"Thank you.\" He said as he gave the knife final push the end the man's misery. Six men would be no problem. The problem was factoring in Evie's safety. He would have two, maybe three seconds to decide who to kill first so she would be safe. He would go for mortal wounds to drop the men and draw fire. That would give him time to assess the kill shots and to see where he needed to be to get to Evie. He carefully made his way back into the hallway. He paused at the doorway to listen before moving in. \"Please, Ionna, I'm sorry.\" Begged the man on the floor. \"That's not my name.\" Evie replied. \"It's the name I gave you.\" He said as tears ran down his face. \"Look at his remorse.\" Said Motkova. \"I wonder if he is sorry for leaving you and your mother to fend for yourselves? Your mother having to sell herself to provide for you.\" Evie glared at Motkova feeling again the urge to slap his face. \"Oh, she never told you? Yes, and you see, had you accepted Trevor's affections then she could've stopped. Your marriage to Trevor would have secured a life for the two of you that should have been provided by your father.\" He said. \"No matter now.\" Evie felt physically ill. She tried to keep her wits about her. She had no reason to trust a word Motkova said. She wanted to ask this man, her father, if it was true. He would have no answer that she could trust either. Even if John showed up, could she trust him? For once in her life, having a gun in her hand made sense providing it had enough bullets to clear the room. Suddenly a noise came from the hallway. Motkova grabbed Evie holding tight to her and her armed hand. Two men held the man referred to as her father. Motkova signaled the rest of the his crew to investigate. As they approached the door a man fell dead before them. The first man to exit into the hall fell dead with a shot to the head. The next two men charged out as shots rang out. The remaining three men followed. \"You're running out of time, Evie.\" Said Motkova. \"He has come here for you. If you chose not to kill your father then I will call the marker due and have John do it.\" He whispered into her ear. \"Then I leave with you as repayment for the debt.\" She turned to look at Motkova as a struggle was heard in the hallway. \"John Wick's girl will fetch a nice price.\"[Chapter 12] John stood by the door in the hallway. He dropped the man's body from the stairwell into the doorframe to draw Motkova's men from the room. He readied himself as he heard the footsteps approaching. The first man to show himself John easily shot. He knew the next would not be as easy. He crouched down as he expected them to have guns raised expecting him to be standing. He saw two men charge into the darkened hallway with guns held and pointed at the height of a standing man. He shot one in the leg and the other in the neck. They both dropped as three more men charged into the hall. He shot the first two as he charged the third grabbing is arm and twisting the gun from it. He then pinned him to the ground and sending a bullet into his head. He then shot the other two injured men for good measure. He stood and listened to the silence from the other room. He heard two shots and rushed to the room. In a split second he saw two men on the floor as Evie stood with a gun in her hand. She brought it up to point at the remaining two men to her right. John shot them both as he saw them ready to shoot her. Evie turned pointing the gun at John. Her face showed a mix of tears and ferocity. As her eyes met John's, nothing changed. She stood staring at him with gun drawn. \"Evie.\" He said lowering his gun. She kept hers pointed at him and said nothing. He knew she had reason to keep it pointed at him. \"Evie, I need to get you out of here.\" \"I'm not going anywhere.\" She said as he took a step towards her. \"Please, I don't want to shoot you.\" She said. She didn't. She wasn't even sure why she was pointing it at him. He took a few more steps towards her. \"John.\" She warned. \"Don't.\" \"I'm sorry, Evie. This wasn't supposed to happen.\" He said watching her closely. She wanted to believe him. She wanted someone she could trust. Someone who wouldn't hurt her. That seemed impossible now. Her eyes dropped to the body of her fallen father and the man named Motkova. John approached closer as her eyes left him and rested on the fallen men. Her eyes caught his movement. John stopped as the 'click' of her empty gun broke the silence. She stared at John in shock as she dropped the gun. He walked to her and took her hand. \"Evie.\" She looked at him as tears fell down her cheeks. She felt betrayed by her own emotions and thankful the gun had been empty. \"You can't save me now.\" She said looking down at his hand that gripped hers. \"Go.\" She said as she looked up at him. He brought his hand up and gently brushed the tears from her cheek. \"Not without you.\" He said. She nodded allowing him once again to lead her from the carnage. This time the blood was on her hands as she looked back at her father and Motkova. Back at the hotel Evie sat and stared out to the sky. She felt numb. She'd rather not feel. John unstrapped his guns and laid them on the bed in his room. He saw Evie on the couch. She looked empty. It had been so long since he remembered the shock of taking someone's life. He knew she felt responsible for someone's death but until you are actually the one pulling the trigger, there is always the hope that it's not your responsibility. He didn't know her story, she had only shared her pain. He gathered some ice into a cloth for her to put on her bruised cheek and lip. \"Evie.\" He said handing her the iced towel. She didn't look at him. He sat next to her on the couch. \"I killed them. You asked if someone made me feel responsible for someone's death.\" She said keeping her gaze fixed on the sky. \"I lived with the guilt of running from my home that night.\" she said looking at him. \"The night you killed her.\" she said with tears welling in her eyes. All these years he never faced the aftermath. Here before him sat a woman that he was ready to take a chance on. He was fond of her. There was something about her that made him want to know more. But now, his past would once again remind him of the consequences of this life. \"I've never regretted my decisions, Evie, not until now.\" he said. \"I've been haunted by mine.\" she said. \"Every man I have known has dictated to me what my choices were. I was always a means to an end. I was never loved for who I am.\" she said wiping a tear. \"I was never loved.\" She said turning to John. \"Damn you for giving me hope.\" she said returning her gaze to the window. He wasn't sure what to say. He had saved her, he thought, but now, it felt as though he had damned her. He wanted to help her out of this life and now she was part of this life. She killed Motkova and that would have consequences. John let the front desk know he needed to see management as soon as convenient. John saw Evie was scraping at her scar. \"You'll need a place to stay.\" he said. She looked at him \"I need to handle some unfinished business.\" he said. She ignored him as she continued to scratch her scar. John reached over and took her hand in his. She looked at him clearly irritated. Her irritation subsided as she saw a tear fall from his eye as he looked at her scar. Part of her realized that the man who killed her mother couldn't be the same man who sat here with her. He had gotten out of all of this. The way he had shown care and concern for her began without obligation. He could've walked away at any point. He could've taken advantage of her but he didn't. He treated her like no other had, with care, concern, and respect. \"I need time.\" she said as he looked up at her. He nodded. The room phone rang. She was thankful for the distraction as he got up to answer it. She heard him thank someone. \"Management is ready to meet.\"he said. Evie stood in silence to follow him. She couldn't recover from this. She didn't see how. She meant it when she told John he couldn't save her. What hurt the most was that there was a time she thought he could.[Chapter 13] They took the elevator to the nightclub area John had taken her the first night at the hotel. Winston sat in the empty club at the same corner table they had met with him before. She was thankful to see it empty. Ms. Taylor, thank you for meeting.\" said Winston. She just nodded as John pulled the chair out for her to sit. She did and he took the seat next to her. \"Jonathan has told me of the events that have transpired.\" he said. \"Killing Motkova will provide a certain attention I'm not sure you're ready for.\" \"Was I supposed to be ready for any of this?\" she asked with an angry sarcasm. Winston smiled, \"I suppose not, however, Jonathan has made the suggestion that it kept quiet you pulled the trigger on Motkova.\" \"Novel idea.\" she said looking at John from the corner of her eyes. \"nut the fact remains he is dead.\" \"Yes, and the word will be his death came at Jonathan's hands.\" said Winston looking at John. He nodded. Evie looked at John.\"No.\" she turned to Winston. \"John is trying to get out of all this. Motkova had some marker he claimed was a debt owed by John to him. He said John could not kill him unless specified by another who held a marker?\" she turned to John. \"No, you're not doing this. This could mean you stay in? Or worse?\" \"I killed your mother, Evie. What kind of life do you think I deserve?\" he asked. Ignoring John's words Evie turned back to Winston. \"This,\" she paused, \" this world is ran by honor and code. I find this dishonorable. I killed him. I'll deal with it.\" she turned to John. \"And even though I despise what you did.\" she said holding back tears. \"you deserve more of a life than this.\" she said. \"and I need a drink.\" she said walking to the empty bar. John and Winston watched her walk away. \"Are you sure this was worth it?\" asked Winston. \"Yes.\" he said watching Evie walk to the bar. He turned to Winston. \"and no.\" \"Aurelio has a small apartment above his offices. He's willing to let her stay there while you finishe what needs done.\" said Winston. \"Thank you.\" he said getting up to walk to Evie. \"Jonathan.\" he turned back to Winston. \"I can see why hou're fond of her. She will be protected. You don't need to worry.\" John nodded and walked to Evie who was behind the bar opening a bottle. \"Winston has arranged a place for you to stay. You'll be safe.\" he said. John drove Evie to a plain grey looking garage set up. He opened the car door for her. She refused eyes contact with him. He knew she had to do what was best for her right now. The hurt and pain he felt knowing he was the cause of hers was deserved. \"Evie, this is Aurelio.\" said John. Evie extended her hand to shake his hand. \"Pleasure to meet you, Evie. It's not much but you're welcome to it. All I ask in return is to help me in the office if you're ok with that.\" said Aurelio looking at John. John nodded. \"Were you asking me or John?\" she said looking at the two men. \"I just want to make sure you're safe.\" said John. \"You really need a hobby.\" she said looking at him. She turned to Aurelio. \"I'd be happy to help and rent the space. Thank you.\" \"Sure thing.\" he said. \"Why don't you look the place over. I need to go check on a few things and I'll get you the keys.\" he said exiting the room. \"John, where are you going?\" she asked. \"Unfinished business.\" he said. She said starting to feel emotional about their good bye. She struggled with how to say good bye. She was still trying to wrap her head around how she felt about him kmowing now he pulled the trigger that killed her mother. As she looked at him she realized she had gotten used to having him around. She didn't how comforting he was to her untilshe realized he wouldn't be there.. She wanted to stay strong so he would know she was fine without him. She finally decided on a simple handshake. \"Take care, John, and thank you.\"she said extending her hand. John took her hand gently in his. He lifted it and turned it to expose the scar. He leaned down and kissed it softly. His eyes rose to meet hers as he released her wrist. She smiled as a tear fell down her cheek. He said nothing.. Evie was left once again, speechless by this man. This good man. His gesture meant more to her than she could ever express. As much as she wanted him to get back to his life, she wanted to keep him in hers. John said nothing as he nodded to her. She took a deep breath as she watched him walk out the door. END[Chapter 14] **for readers/followers** I have re-edited this story to only include 13 chapters. The remainder I had posted I am putting on hold for now since I am not sure when I will be able to writing. Those chapters will be a follow up to this story at some point. For now, a few other projects have to take priority. Hoping the storm will settle and I'll be back to the fiction soon. Appreciate all those who stopped by, read, reviewed, and followed/favorited. This has been fun.[Chapter 15] A continuation of this story is titled Getting Out Alive: Forgiveness...what can I say, I'm bored. ","Summary":" ***I own nothing of these characters** She awoke to blackness. Her eyes were open but she could see"},{"Movie":"John Wick","Title":"Ruthless","Author":"mermaidinthemaking","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12360009","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It started with her. The girl had moved to the farm closest to Wick's property approximately seventeen months ago. She had three large greenhouses behind her small home. Beside the house grew a large flower garden. John only knew this because he drove past her place to get to town, and occasionally he allowed himself a look. A month and three weeks in, she returned the dog after he had run away. Flowers were stuck in his collar and dark soil clung to his paws but she did not seem to be angry. John apologized but she insisted unnecessary. She noticed John's lack of, well about everything. A week later she left a slice of cake on the porch, insisting it was extra and that she could not eat it herself. Thirteen days after that Wick met her at the gas station, fueling up her 1970 Ford Bronco. She had a basket of daisies in the back seat. She noticed him staring so she gave him one. The dog liked her. Wick liked her. Along with her Bronco, she had a 1966 Shelby GT Mustang that she occasionally took out for a spin. John heard the burn outs and invited her to his hangar. She ran a floral design business out of her farm. John often saw her in town delivering pieces to clients. They usually enjoyed a bottle of wine and leftover cake after she had finished a wedding. She began to pick up treats for the dog, and sometimes treats for John. Though disciplined he was a sucker for Twizzlers. He had noticed her accent the moment they first spoke but it wasn't until she introduced him to her special collection of home brewed Kentucky Bourbon did he appreciate her heritage. Their friendship was simple and comforting. That is why, after neither seeing nor hearing from her in eleven days, John decided to drive over. The farm was small but well maintained. She had insisted that his dog have the run of her place as well, she claimed he was a good watch dog. John disagreed but let the dog out nonetheless. The house was a comfortable size, and it shone pale blue in the moonlight. He tapped on the door twice. No answer. A sound in the house set John's body on alert. He tapped again. This time she answered. One hand carefully tucked behind her back. He could tell she was not expecting anyone. \"Hello John,\" she said as she cautiously closed the door behind her. \"Hey, Mal.\" He grumbled. He was unsure of how to interact with her in this setting. He imagined this was what a father endured when his daughter missed curfew. A cut on her cheek drew a thin line of blood down to her jaw. She leaned back against the door, trying to feign casualty, and perhaps would have succeeded if she were not in the company of a world class assassin. Someone moaned from inside. \"Where's the dog?\" She asked, her accent deep. White knuckles clung to the door knob. \"Back at the house. Just thought I'd check up on you. Haven't heard from you in a while.\" This exchange had them both feeling the sensation of something being very off, but also very familiar. She usually kept a basket of flowers, which John knew were mums just because of the time he had spent with her, beside the door. The basket had been knocked over. It felt just as out of place as he did standing awkwardly on the porch, uninvited inside. \"I had to go out of town. Family business.\" John saw something flash in her eyes. He became very wary of what was to come. He had suspected that the girl was a part of this world for a long time, but instead of feeling satisfied with confirmation of his suspicion, he was left feeling worried instead. A crash came from inside the house. The girl blinked once, an annoyed smile turned her lips up at the corners. \"You seem busy. I'll leave you to it.\" John said. She looked back at him in understanding. He glanced at her feet as she walked in the door. Blood splattered on the corner of her slipper. She entered the house and John walked back to his car. He could smell the lingering scent of discharge from the firearm aimed at the back of his head before he felt the cold metal against his skin. John took a deep breath. One shot and the man's blood sprayed onto John's shoulders. John turned. The girl stood on her porch, Heckler and Koch in hand. Wick had helped her paint her living room this past summer, but the crimson blood did not complement the yellow hue. \"Delphi Kane. Dinner reservation. 12 please. Thanks, Frankie.\" She spoke on the phone. Realization washed over John. He was not one to show surprise, but he was also impressed that she had hidden her identity so well. He had heard her name in circles before. Dangerous circles. He asked her a question with his eyes as she laid down the phone. She answered sarcastically with a dangerous grin. \"You should go.\" The girl, Delphi, stated. John tried to not be offended. He didn't say anything, but she saw it nonetheless. \"Look- I've got some things I need to sort out. You've spent a lot of time getting out of this business. If you stick around here, they'll pull you back in.\" John thought for a moment. Then he helped her move the bodies.[Chapter 2] Delphi had been surprised to find John Wick at her door tonight. Almost as surprised as she was when she recognized him while returning his dog many months ago. The man had a way about him that she just could not figure. Delphi embraced Frankie and each of the cleanup crew as they entered her house, but did not speak a word. She left her company for only a moment, and returned with 13 gold coins. She was a heavy tipper. \"13 is an unlucky number, Miss Delphi.\" Frankie croaked. \"Tot, kto boitsya neudachi nikogda ne budet znat' khorosho\" She answered in Russian as she kissed the old man's cheek. He who is afraid of bad luck will never know good. John closed the door behind them. Delphi, feeling a little guilty for not being entirely truthful with John, almost explained herself to him right then and there. Seeing John Wick out of a suit was a strange experience. Seeing him out in the middle of rural Pennsylvania was even stranger. She can remember the fear that began to gnaw on her body upon discovering him that day, the dog panting beside her. He was the only thing that had scared her in a long time. Up until she received that package last week. John, a man of few words, had come to enjoy the chattiness of his companion. She usually kept the mood light, and knew what to say to put most anyone at ease. It made people like her. It made John like her. It made her seem normal. He needed normal. Seeing her use her words so sparsely worried him. Delphi looked at her friend and said, \"I'm expecting a call.\" She then opened the back door and walked to the nearest greenhouse. John followed. From inside, the intense heat made him start to sweat through his old shirt. She stopped at an old clay pot near the back of the domed greenhouse. A few bell shaped blue and purple flowers grew, nothing John found spectacular. She pushed the container, and John leaned down to help, but she did not need it. Underneath she lifted a small hatch. John could feel the coolness of the earth. She took a step down, and waved him along. He heard the phone ring as she took the first step. \"Be careful.\" She said as she began to walk quickly and confidently where John wavered. The rings became louder as they walked further. She twisted a light bulb and the bright light illuminated her artillery. She took the call while John toured her pieces. \"Delphi Kane.\" She answered. John was struck by how she said her name. Her southern accent became thicker the angrier she grew. John admired her collection. Many of the same pieces he had used in the past. She did not speak again. He heard the person on the other line talking swiftly in a language John did not recognize at first. He decided it was Korean. When he heard the phone click on its receiver, he faced her and gestured towards the diploma hanging on the wall. Cornell University. Horticulture. She shrugged nonchalantly. \"They'll let just about anyone in these days.\" John then walked to the work space that served as her desk. Three pinky fingers, frozen to a pale purple, sat on the surface. Each wore a thin gold band set with a small pearl, identical to the one currently on Delphi's hand. John raised his eyes to the photo hanging on the wall. He turned back to her. As kind as he knew, or thought he knew her to be, she looked incredibly dangerous. Her jaw was clenched. She began to pack. John made to exit. \"I'll get my things and board the dog.\" He gave as a goodbye. Delphi stopped him. \"John,\" she called in her usual light voice, and he turned back to her. It was as if two beings inside her were dueling. One moment she was the gentle neighbor he had grown to know and care for over the past year, the next she was an enigma. \"This may be a trip I don't come back from.\" Life had this uncanny ability to pull him back in when he had given up. Life, or this girl. \"They don't know that you're here. You should go. I can do this.\" She told him. He looked at her for a moment. Nothing about her would stand out. She wasn't particularly tall or particularly short. She was neither heavy or thin. Her complexion was somewhere in between strikingly pale and natural. Her only outward feature that drew attention was her long red hair. It fell loose around her face now. John took a mental picture of her before the madness began. \"Do what?\" He asked her. He said it in a way that made Delphi soften around the edges. \"What I do best.\" She told him. Then she cocked her head. She grabbed her pistol and ran back the way they came. John followed. There was a wood on the other side of her property. A man in all black made his way through it. He dialed the number he knew so well it was almost robotic. \"They're dead. They're all dead.\" The man spoke calmly. \"Sir,\" he started, his voice beginning to waver, \"Wick-.\" The man was cut off. Delphi had put a knife in the back of his head. His phone hit the ground. John crushed it with his foot. \"Dammit!\" The man on the other end of the line screamed. He took a moment to recompose himself. He tried to pretend he was not afraid. \"She killed them. She's coming.\" The men stiffened. \"And she's got John Wick with her.\" His boss looked up from his card game. Smoke filled the small room. \"Let them come.\" His European accent slurring his words. \"Does she have the asset?\" \"No one knows where it is.\" \"She will keep it safe. And she thinks the safest place is with her.\" He said between puffs of smoke. He briefly thought it dangerous to think that he knew anything about this woman. She was the only one of the four he could never predict. Smart, cunning, ruthless, this Kane sister was always the challenge. \"When she gets here, leave her to me.\" He commanded. \"And Wick?\" Troy, the henchman, asked. \"Baba Yaga?\" He said. The men around the table looked up in fear. \"I have no business with him.\"[Chapter 3] She drove. The mustang purred across the open road. It was not the first time John had ridden in this car. The first was when she demonstrated her remarkable skill at drifting. Delphi thought it might impress him, and it did, but John was not the type to pay many compliments. When she had finished her turn, he simply exited the vehicle and walked over to the driver's side, waved her over, and took a seat on the navy blue interior. He started with a 180. Delphi whooped and laughed the entire ride. Tonight's drive was not at all like that. At first, she was very quiet. They stopped at a gas station. She asked John to stay inside the car, something he knew was so that they remain inconspicuous, but did not particularly appreciate. Delphi filled up, and then went inside to pay. She had been gone for about 10 minutes, causing John to become uneasy. He opened the passenger door and stood, peering into the glass storefront. Delphi was deep in conversation with the cashier, but she caught his eye. John said nothing when she got back in the car. \"You aren't much of a rule follower, are you?\" John did not favor that question with a response. He stared blankly out the windshield. Delphi smiled as she twisted off the top of a soda and handed it to him. \"Couldn't even stay in the car.\" \"I don't like when people tell me what to do.\" John said, taking a drink. He drank soda now. Delphi turned the key and the engine came to life. She put one hand on the shifter, the other elbow propped on the window. \"Me neither.\" She confirmed as she pulled out of the station. Four hours in, her audio book, \"Far from the Madding Crowd,\" ended and she turned on the radio. It was a high pitched yowl that John couldn't stand. He toggled the channel over to jazz. Delphi hated jazz. She moved it to country. John ended up turning off the radio. \"How do you know those girls?\" John led. \"They're my sisters.\" She said solemnly. The words felt heavy on her tongue. She had not spoken of her family in a long time. But if John was coming along, he had to know the story. Or at least, the parts of it she was willing to tell. \"Were they in too?\" He asked. \"Sort of. We all had different skill sets. They were still working when I left.\" \"Did you get your degree before or after?\" John said. Delphi smiled malignantly, \"How do you think I afforded it?\" She chuckled.\"You're awful hung up on that diploma.\" Delphi giggled again, still tickled from his question. The ghost of a grin appeared on John's face, and it put Delphi at ease, if only for a moment. \"Does it surprise you?\" She continued. \"You've surprised me a lot recently.\" He answered, and it was true. She was not as simple as she appeared, but he had known that for a while now. She laughed. \"You knew.\" \"I suspected.\" John let her laugh again. It was too sweet of a sound to interrupt. He first suspected when he saw the way her eyes froze at their initial meeting. He suspected her again by the way she was so completely thorough in any task she took on. He suspected her the most when she beat him at darts. No one ever beat John at darts. Delphi had mentally prepared for John to kill her that night. But she knew that if he was coming for her, she was already dead, so instead of hiding she just spent the night in the greenhouse, prepping for a wedding she was doing that weekend. She was perplexed when he never showed. He was perplexed that he didn't show. \"Why are they after you?\" He asked slowly. Her smile disappeared. \"Oh they ain't after me. I'm coming for them.\" She answered. A few hours later, John woke up. They were parked. She stood near a field, phone up to her ear. \"Is it safe?\" She asked, her voice softer than he had ever heard it. She paused a moment. \"Thank you.\" John had exited the Mustang and was now standing beside her. She felt him looking at her inquisitively. \"You lose something over here, hoss?\" She drew, eyebrows arched. \"What is safe?\" He queried. \"The only thing I've got left.\" Delphi tossed him the keys. \"You drive. Wake me when we get there.\" They entered the Continental approximately 14 hours apart. Delphi first, then John. They had come to the conclusion that he would cause much more of an uproar. They were correct. Hardly anyone noticed the red headed woman. Hardly anyone excluded Winston, the hotel manager. He had, of course, noticed Delphi's presence. As he had also heard of the business with her sisters. Winston sat at his usual booth in the lower level of the Continental, pen in hand, eyes roving painstakingly slowly over the ledger. John approached him, a motion that felt more and more natural these days. Delphi sat at the bar talking to Addy, the friendly bartender. John noticed that her hair was curled and she was wearing a dress, something out of place for her. Still, she did not stand out. \"Who is that?\" John asked after he and Winston had exchanged greetings. He flicked his eyes towards her. For a moment he wondered if he was truly asking as a charade, or because he was curious. It unfolded a tiny part of his soul that he had forgotten about. John Wick had not been curious in a long time. \"Delphi Kane.\" Winston answered. \"Her occurrence here is unsettling.\" John looked back at Delphi, situated at the bar. There were now at least three other people gathered around her. She spoke and they laughed. \"She seems pretty popular.\" John muttered. \"And how would you know what that is like?\" Winston grinned wryly as he looked over at his friend. \"I watch a lot of TV.\" John shot back. He took a drink. \"Why have I never heard of her?\" \"She was notorious for that. One minute she was here, then gone the next. She was well liked but knew how to keep her head down. That's why her relation with the others is so shocking.\" Winston carried on. \"Her sisters are…quite different.\" He finished. \"I don't see any sisters.\" John said. \"No one else has for a while. That seems to be the problem.\" Winston looked up from his book. \"I'm sure that's why she is here. Are you trying for the contract?\" John looked at Winston as an answer. \"4 million is a little low for her, no one here will try it, I'd say they placed it just to let her know they're watching her. She's more of a big game item. A lot like someone else I know.\" Winston looked John in the eye and then went back to counting. \"I trust you'll have no problem with her, but a word of warning. Don't let her appearance fool you. She is a savage.\" \"What makes you say that?\" John contested. \"Just recently she sent back some men back piece by piece.\" \"Whose men?\" \"The Aalders brothers.\" John knew them by their call sign, the Dutchmen. \"They worked together once. She was a favorite. Something must've gone awry though. After her last job with them she left everything and everyone behind.\" This news saddened John. He knew what it was to be lonely. Though the symptoms he displayed were quite different than those of Delphi. She had moved to the dance floor. A man John knew as Tungsten had one hand on the small of her back. They seemed to be chatting and swaying happily. \"Johnathon.\" Winston beckoned after his friend had stood. \"Don't let her seduce you.\" John turned up an eyebrow. Winston proceeded, \"She is quite charming. It's that charm that gets people killed.\" John left the club, Delphi still on the dance floor.[Chapter 4] They had made plans to rendezvous back at her room a few hours after John had prompted Winston. John had prodded Delphi as to how she would maintain the secrecy of their alliance, and simply answered, \"Management owes me a favor.\" John knew Winston was not the sort of man to grant favors, but in an effort to not seem overbearing, a term Delphi used often, though endearingly, to describe him, he stayed quiet. And as it turned out, it was true. Delphi had been given a penthouse suite. She was the only guest on the twenty second floor. John simply got off the elevator halfway up and took the staff stairs to remain unseen. A few years ago he would've taken the stairs the whole way, but he had been hit by one too many cars to trust his knees to twenty-two flights. As he neared her room, he heard a man's voice inside. Though John had done this a million times before, something felt different this time, like there was more on the line. He took a deep breath, and opened the door. The first thing he noticed was a lavender rose was lying on the bed. John stepped around to hide himself, but to no avail. An Asian man slipped around the corner and smashed a chair over John's back. It hurt more than he expected. John fell to the floor. The man drew his gun. John kicked his feet out from under him. The man rolled over and found a piece of the chair leg with a nail at the end. He aimed for John's head. He missed, but only barely. John moved fast, regaining his stance and pulling the man up. John hit him twice in the face but before he could pull a third punch the man racked him with body shots. They pushed away. The man swung just as John opened the microwave door. The man's fist broke through the glass and he cursed in a language John did not recognize at first, and then decided was Korean. The man recovered quickly and pursued John again, this time with a knife. John flicked his blade out of his pocket. The man laughed once and then advanced. The result of this advancement was John on the floor, breathing heavily, with the man's knife centimeters from his forehead. John pushed back against the man with all he had. Now was about time for a second wind. Just like a fresh breeze, Delphi walked in the door. Both men looked at her. She looked between them. She shut the door behind her. \"And what exactly would be going on here?\" She asked incredulously. That was when both men started to wonder why they had fought in the first place. But it was just kind of what they did. They stayed standing, but eyed each other carefully. \"He is here for the contract.\" The Asian man started. He stepped closer to Delphi and she did not move. John found that interesting. \"What contract?\" She asked. Her eyes trained on John. \"Aalders has one on you.\" The Asian man answered. John remained taut and ready to act. \"How much?\" \"4 million.\" The man answered. Delphi acted insulted. But it was obvious that this man was known to her, and that she did not feel in danger. John took a minute to regain himself. He stretched and wiped off his suit. \"Who is this?\" He asked Delphi. Her eyes flicked over the man and then back to John. Delphi thought for a moment. \"He's trouble.\" She said as she made her way through the room. At her answer, the man smiled at her in a way that made John's stomach hurt. What are you doing, John? Looking at you. John came back to the moment. \"Since when are you working with him?\" The man asked. \"He's a friend.\" Delphi explained. \"Sure, he is a friend, but I am trouble.\" He scoffed playfully. \"Henry Liu.\" He introduced himself as he shook John's hand with his right and returned John's knife with his left. Henry was of a medium build, broad shouldered, and fast. Nothing about him seemed unsure, from the way he talked to the way he walked. He was surefooted and sound. Delphi found him attractive. John found him annoying. \"John Wick,\" John replied. His grip tight, causing Henry's bleeding knuckles to bruise. \"I'll meet you at the car,\" John said to Delphi as he turned away from them. It wasn't until he was about to shut the door did he see how close Henry had gotten to her. His hand on her arm, the rose in her fingers. John left. Henry stayed. \"Where did you find him?\" He asked her. Delphi shook off his touch and Henry tried to not be offended. \"He's my neighbor.\" She answered shortly. \"Why are you angry?\" \"My sisters have been kidnapped.\" Henry looked at her annoyed. \"Why are you angry at me?\" He clarified. \"Addy told me you and Aldrich are good friends now that you are working for them.\" Delphi twirled the lavender rose in her fingertips. Henry was a hopeless romantic. Only a man who knew nothing about flowers would buy a horticulturist a rose. \"You knew that.\" Henry answered. Delphi's eyes shot him daggers. \"Did you know what he was up to?\" \"No.\" Henry answered honestly. \"Do you promise?\" \"Yes, yobo. \" He said as he took another step closer to her. As though to prove that he was still loyal to her he said, \"I drove by your house. Your peonies were a mess,\" as he tucked a piece of her hair behind her ear. She laughed, because she knew her peonies were never a mess, and Henry laughed, because he liked making her smile, and for a moment they remembered what is was like to be like this with one another. Happy. Her face turned serious. \"Thank you.\" She told Henry. \"You're one of the only friends I have left.\" \"Well it seems like John Wick is pretty fond of you.\"[Chapter 5] Winston had revealed to John that Aalders was going to be at Club 9 the following night. After meeting back at the car, Delphi drove back out of town to a small grocery, and told John to look around while she shopped. John picked Delphi back up 20 minutes later like she had asked. She propped up a bouquet of daisies on her elbow, as she pulled out a bag of sour gummy worms. John gave her a look when she opened the candy. \"What?\" She said as she took a bite. \"Life is too short to not enjoy candy.\" Another bite. \"Who knows, by this time tomorrow I could be dead.\" She laughed. John did not. \"What did Winston say?\" Delphi inquired. \"He just told me about the contract and Aalders.\" Delphi's jaw clenched at the name, but then relaxed. \"4 million is not too bad I guess.\" John shrugged his shoulders. \"What's your problem with Aalders?\" He said hoarsely. \"I thought that was obvious.\" Delphi said, sarcasm dripping from her voice. \"Why does he have your sisters?\" \"I think you're better off not knowing.\" She told him. John did not like the sound of that. It was evident on his face. \"Don't give me that look. I'm sure you've used that line a thousand times,\" Delphi jeered as she looked out the window. \"No, I haven't. I don't really talk to people.\" John grumbled. \"Surprise, surprise.\" Delphi retorted. They drove in silence for a moment. \"I think you're better off without him.\" John countered. He could feel her look at him. It did not feel good. \"I cannot believe you just said that to me. That was a total dad thing to say.\" She munched on her worms. Their conversation moved very quickly. \"I am not your dad.\" John said. \"I am very aware.\" Delphi cawed. \"That man is dangerous.\" John warned. \"Also very aware. But if you hadn't guessed, I tend to surround myself with dangerous people.\" She snorted. \"You're too good for him.\" John said ever so quietly. For a moment, Delphi was taken aback. She had never been told she was too good for anything, but then perhaps feeling the need to defend Henry, or maybe just because their conversation was demonstrating how much John truly cared for her, she continued, \"You don't even know him! Hell, you barely know me.\" \"Don't curse at me.\" John could feel her eyes roll, but it was merely theatrical. They sat in silence for a while. John felt like she had gone to the grocery furthest away from the Continental. She claimed it was because she knew some people. \"What are the flowers for?\" He asked. \"I like flowers.\" She said, as though that were clear. Silence again. Silence had become an old friend of John's. Alone. Quiet. Old. But since meeting Delphi, and especially being in her presence right now, silence felt strange. Delphi, on the other hand, had grown to like John's quiet demeanor. It calmed her. Reminded her of her father. And though she hated herself for it, she was trying to think of ways to convince John that Henry was in fact a good guy. But if she was honest with herself, she didn't know if he was good at all. \"I got the daisies for you. Though manly and rough on the outside, you seem to be basic and feminine on the interior.\" Delphi smiled simply. \"My wife liked daisies.\" He said. His voice lighter than expected. He hadn't spoken about Helen in a while. Delphi did not respond right away. She felt the heaviness of what he had just revealed. \"So does my sister, Cleo.\" She agreed. \"They would like you too. Maybe Phoebe a little too much. She's into older men.\" John smiled. It was a strange look for him. Like a vulture trying to upturn the edges of his beak. My wife would've liked you. She always wanted a daughter. John thought. Then he un-thought it and they started planning for tomorrow night. Club 9 had three levels. Aalders owned the club, so Delphi making a public entrance was out. It was up to John to keep eyes on Aalders while she made her way through the back. John had never seen her in action, other than the brief stint back at her house. Nevertheless, he was confident in her ability. So was she. John tapped twice on her door as Henry answered and let John in. He wore a pale gray suit, white shirt, and thin black suspenders. He slid his jacket on over his shoulder holster. A Lionheart LH9 sat under his armpit. The stance of the two men indicated that neither were quite fond of the other, but being that they were both in the same room indicated that they were quite fond of the red headed girl who was currently residing there. Delphi wore, what John supposed, was a normal outfit for a woman attending a club. Her top split up the back revealing a long slender scar that ran the course of her spine. Again, he thought that she looked so out of place. Henry thought she looked hot. \"You gonna to wear that?\" John said gruffly. He did not like speaking in front of Henry. Delphi, in the middle of tying her long hair up in a ponytail, turned towards John. \"Yes. This outfit says, 'Look, I am a normal human trying to have a good time.'\" She looked John up and down. He wore an all-black suit with a black shirt and black tie, complete with black shoes. \"Your outfit says, 'I am here to kill people.'\" John moved to the window. He could see Henry watching her in the reflection, then quickly slipping out. \"Can you trust him?\" John asked after Henry left. \"Do you trust me?\" Was her only response. John did. So he dropped it. That entire evening Delphi felt as though she should send John away. Considering almost all the people she cared about were disappearing, it felt almost necessary to keep one in her dwindling group of friends safe. Delphi had never had any trouble making friends. In fact, she was good at it. People liked her. What she was not good at was being vulnerable. It was easy to tell the friends she amassed all about her political opinions, or how she felt about a television show or fashion trend. It became difficult when they asked where she worked, or what she did. Explaining this part of her life was dangerous. It made her vulnerable. She was not used to being vulnerable. It wasn't that she was not in tune with her feelings, or a more popular response, that she had no feelings. In fact, she did care. And she could show that. But with John, it was different. They were so similar. So being vulnerable with him meant doing things that demonstrated she cared in a way that only he would understand. He grabbed his gun off the table. She put her hand over his. \"You don't have to do this.\" She smiled. She was confident that she could, and would find Aalders tonight. John was not a necessity in her plan. John looked at her in surprise. He did believe that he had to do this. \"You and H-\" she cut herself off, maybe now was not the best time to mention Henry, \"You are dear to me. It is not worth it to get Aalders and lose you.\" You're the closest thing I've got to family. John thought. He holstered his gun. Delphi sighed. Delphi left. And John waited.[Chapter 6] John entered the club at precisely 11:43. Considering that Aalders knew John was with Delphi, he had figured that once seeing John, Aalders would begin searching for her. By that time, she would be at his throat. John sat down at the bar and ordered a scotch. Delphi spoke to her friend Phillip. Friend was a term used loosely in this scenario. She asked him to take a smoke break. He did. She entered the back of the club with no delay. The throbbing beat of the loud music helped John to focus. His eyes grazed over the crowd. Delphi took down three security guards with her knife. The basement was clear. Considering John had partaken in a very similar outing just a few years ago, he had Delphi prepare for the worst. But she didn't need the worst. She was the one of the best. Five men later and she had cleared the first floor. All of their earpieces were flushed down a toilet. Delphi was a firm believer that at least part of her strength came from her practice of body dragging. John was a more \"where they fall they lie\" sort of guy. They had discussed that she would proceed as stealthily as possible, and once John heard the first gunshot he would know that she had located Aalders. But John found him first. And he was not in his usual box, nor where they had inferred he would move when he heard of Wick's presence. He looked like he was leaving. John thought a moment, finished his drink, and left the bar. The Dutchmen's security followed. John noticed. He walked into the bathroom. The men followed. John was hidden behind the door. One man entered the bathroom, another held the door halfway so that John could neither reach him or see the scene unfolding. The first walked through the dirty room, checking under stalls. He stopped at one and opened the door. Three bodies tumbled out. \"Kane is here! Repeat Kane is here!\" The man shouted through his earpiece. John stepped from behind the door. He broke the closest man's neck and threw his knife through the other's right eye. John stepped back out into the club. People danced and drank innocently. John knew Delphi had to be close. He looked for Aalders. He had lost sight of him. John continued his scan for Delphi. He heard a shot. Then three more. He began to run. Delphi did not believe in wasting bullets. One, headshot. Two, through the heart. She ducked behind a chair. As did the man shooting at her. Three, he shot at her. Four, she ended him. Aalders was not leaving the club. He was looking for her. Something she knew would happen, but had purposefully forgotten to tell John. Abraham Aalders was a man of medium build, but tall and broad. He stayed in shape, he handled most of the dirty work. He wore his dirty blonde hair in a fashionable way, and dressed for a man his age. He was not particularly handsome, but he was powerful, which drew women to him like flies to light. He carried no decorations, no jewelry or tattoos. Only a scar through his right eyebrow made him the least bit interesting to look at. What made Abraham Aalders stand out was his ability to get what he wanted. And tonight, he wanted Delphi Kane. John Wick, though a formidable opponent, was not the focus of the Aalders brothers. He made sure his security was briefed on Wick's abilities and then told them to not disturb him with anything to do with Wick. Aalders and Delphi had worked together before, a few times actually, though only with the more recent being mutually requested. Delphi had just killed four of their men. Abraham took a step into the room. He scanned it for any sign of her. \"Cleo, Phoebe, and Iris say hi.\" Aalders said, it sounded like a jest. Delphi stood and aimed her gun. She probably would have shot him too, if not for a security guard that threw his knife at her, aiming through her ear. John was intercepted before locating her. He shot one man on the dance floor. Another two on the stairwell. A fourth stood at the landing. John put one round in the fourth's shoulder, another in the head. He took down three more in close quarter combat. He threw the eighth over the stair railing. Number nine ended up with a broken leg and a bullet in the lung. Delphi had told herself that to get what she wanted, she would have to take some punches. She had just not expected so many. Abraham knew she was to be killed by hand. More accurately, Abraham's brother wanted to kill her by hand. Aldrich wanted Delphi's death to be slow and painful. He only worried that he did not have the time. If he did not move quickly, she would have it moved. Abraham knew that drawing her closer to him was the first step. She knew how he fought, just as he knew her style. He watched as she took down his security. Though she had dodged the knife, she had lost her gun in the process. She held the initially blade thrown at her in her right hand. With a simple flick she launched it at Abraham's forehead. He dodged the first dagger, but did not expect the second. It slid into his shoulder. She advanced. He caught her arm as she threw a punch, but did not anticipate her kick. Just as she did not anticipate his head butt. He was much stronger than her, she knew that, her best bet was to shoot him. But she needed to get her hands on a gun first. Abraham did as he was told. He was told to get Delphi Kane. He need to capture her. He could only do that in close quarters. They persisted. She ended up with split brow and he had a broken rib. Her arms were tired but she continued to use his weight against him. He caught up with her more quickly each time. He took the knife she had thrown and slashed her across the stomach. John heard Delphi shout. He moved faster. He reached the room. Aalders had her by the throat. John aimed at Abraham's head. He squeezed the trigger just as he was punched in the kidneys. He turned to see Kloska, an old acquaintance. The bullet missed, but did distract Aalders enough to let Delphi break from his grip. Kloska hit John again, knocking his gun out of his hand. John blocked another hit and retaliated with his own. Delphi was thrown to the ground after striking Aalders in the nose. She landed hard. Her breaths were ragged. Her fingers slid over cool metal. His gun. Kloska was much more skilled than John had remembered. The fight ended with John shoving Kloska's own gun into the man's chest. Delphi had no intention to kill Abraham Aalders. She just needed him out of commission. She thought a moment. Then she shot Abraham Aalders five times in the chest for good measure.[Chapter 7] John picked Delphi up from the floor. The people below were screaming and running. It was easy enough for them to slip out of the club relatively unnoticed. John limped. Delphi bled. They walked into the Continental together this time. They were the only two in the lobby. The usual hotel manager was off for the night. A lovely woman had taken his place. She recognized Delphi immediately. \"Cute top, girl!\" She exclaimed. \"Thank you, Margot.\" Delphi whimpered, trying to not sound as in pain as she was. \"I'm sure those stains will come right out.\" Margot said. \"You know, if you put half a teaspoon of baking soda with a spoonful of vinegar in the wash with it, it should help.\" \"Really?\" Delphi propped her elbow up on the counter. \"I'm terrible at laundry.\" \"Oh yes! It'll get just about anything out.\" \"Interesting.\" Delphi smiled. \"I'll send up some bourbon?\" Margot asked. \"That would be great,\" John and Delphi answered together, both surprised, and each convinced they were the one the question had been directed to. Margot looked between the two of them and smiled. John had the doctor sent to his room. The tiny man inspected John's wounds and handed him a bottle of pills. They shook hands at the door as John spoke with the doctor about his latest purchase, the latest Porsche Boxster. Henry stitched Delphi's cut slowly. \"Stop moving.\" He directed. \"I'm breathing, Henry.\" Delphi clapped back. Henry looked up at her, his dark eyes bore into hers. \"Don't be so dramatic.\" He deadpanned. \"I am not dramatic.\" Delphi upheld. \"I heard you shot Abraham Aalders five times.\" Delphi took as drink as her reply. She agreed that might have been a bit dramatic. \"You can't come here anymore.\" She said. And though Henry didn't like it. He agreed. \"I'm expecting a call from Aldrich.\" He told her, focusing on her last few stitches. \"Finished.\" He applauded himself as slid off his rubber gloves. She had pulled her shirt up just enough to reveal the cut along with four or so inches of her pale skin. There was the wispy shape of a burn near her belly button. In a rare act of affection, Delphi pulled herself closer to Henry, his arm braced on the other side of her hip, and let her finger trace his jawline. His breath hit her cheeks and she felt herself blush. He had a way of doing that to her. This was, of course, a prime time for John to enter. He had forgotten to knock. Henry looked at John defiantly and didn't move, but Delphi did. It was a melodramatic motion that involved her hands in the air and a noise that conveyed annoyance. John was, as usual, awkward. \"Should I go?\" He said after he had been staring for a few seconds. \"Nope. The moment is gone.\" She said. Henry looked back at her and smiled. Again, it was a smile that made John's stomach hurt. She put her hand on Henry's arm as he moved and she stood. John tossed her some pills. \"These should help with mobility.\" She caught them in her left hand as she took a pull of bourbon with her right. \"Are we headed home tonight?\" John asked. The word home felt funny leaving his lips but he enjoyed the affect it had on Henry. He snapped his head towards John quickly. \"You are.\" Delphi said, causing Henry to snap his head back to her. He would get whiplash at this rate. John and Henry spoke at the same time. \"I am?\" and \"He is?\" they exclaimed. John's brow knitted in concern. So did Henry's. \"Yes. I can do the rest myself.\" She spoke nonchalantly. Henry's eyes stayed trained on her, obviously not fond of this decision. It wasn't that he didn't trust her. It was that he didn't trust himself. He didn't know if he could carry out the task she had asked of him. Though Henry was not a huge fan of John Wick, he was an ally in this war. His affection for Delphi was unmistakable, and it comforted Henry to know that someone else was on her side. \"Why does he get to stay?\" John asked, realizing how childish he sounded but not caring. Delphi relished this humanizing moment. She had a theory that underneath the whole boogeyman persona, John Wick was just a man. \"He's not staying either.\" She nudged Henry's shoulder, the kindest way she could think of telling him to leave without having to say it aloud. Usually, Henry would contest this dismissal, but under these circumstances he decided to check his pride and make an exit. He knew she wanted him to go, but was surprised that she followed him to the door. Wick stood in the middle of the room, feet planted like he was ready to argue. Delphi brushed her knuckles against Henry's. \"It has to look real.\" She reminded him. \"It will be real,\" he murmured as he took her chin between his forefinger and thumb. John looked away. Henry tried to convey everything he felt in a look; sorrow, adoration, and tenderness. Then, in an ultra-masculine way, he straightened his shoulders and slid out the door. \"What was that about?\" John wondered. \"I've got some loose ends I need to tie up and then I'll be home.\" She said, dismissing his second question and moving on to why John would be returning home without her. John had the notion that Delphi was a top notch arguer. That notion had been tested time and time again throughout their brief, but substantial friendship. Like when she insisted they watch Star Wars in production order not in chronological, but John wanted to watch them in line with the story. John felt like she had prepared that argument weeks before he even suggested they watch the first film. John took a seat at the small table located in the middle of the room. This was symbolic of his decision to stay, regardless of what she said. \"John,\" she stated, most forebodingly, \"this is a decision that you will regret.\" But this time John didn't get the chance to reply. The hotel suite exploded with fire and smoke. Aldrich Aalders stood on a neighboring rooftop, with a bazooka resting on his shoulder. He couldn't see into the penthouse suite, it was built fortress style with no windows, but he had a tip from an insider that Delphi Kane would be there.[Chapter 8] John awoke in a warehouse. He had been bound and tied, his hands met behind his back, a chair propping him up. Aldrich Aalders stood in front of him. Unlike his brother, Aldrich was an impressive man to look at. Handsome, well dressed, and articulate, he was known and respected. He had not prompted this fight with Wick, and he hoped to end it here. \"John Wick,\" the Dutch man started, \"the legend himself.\" John did not appreciate the flattery. \"Where is the girl?\" John uttered huskily. \"That thing is not a girl.\" Aldrich barked. \"She is a demon. I trusted her, and she betrayed me.\" John was struck with the hatred Delphi seemed to elicit from Aldrich. \"Where is she?\" John repeated. Aldrich had a laugh that made men's hair stand up on edge. \"Why are you so taken with her? Trust me, broer , if you had seen the others, this one would not be as important to you. It is a shame that you came back to help her. It has done you no good.\" Aldrich paused and looked as though he were in deep thought. \" Vaarwel, Mr. Wick.\" He said quietly. \"If you so much as touch her, I will kill you.\" John said, starting softly but voice rising to a yell. \"Then I suppose I am already dead, broer. \" Aldrich laughed as he looked towards his men standing at the side. Aalders exited, and the men walked towards John. He waited, and then when they were close enough, he acted. It happened fairly quickly. John's hands were still behind him, but the chair, and the two men sent to kill him, were all broken on the floor. John breathed heavily and coughed blood. He searched the men for a knife. Henry stood in the doorway. Quiet and watching. He tossed John his knife. The very one he had almost stabbed him with just a day earlier. John was not surprised to see Henry. Just like Henry was unsurprised John had escaped. Once loose, John strode towards Henry. Henry looked John up and down. The man could take a beating , Henry thought. Then he remembered why he was here. More like it flashed to the front of his brain again, because it was hard to un-see her like that. \"They've got her at 270 Williams. I need you on the roof of the building across the street. A rifle is waiting. You're on contingency.\" Henry told him. \"Contingency?\" John asked. He did not like the sound of that. \"He gave the order to shoot her sisters this morning.\" Henry said, as his shoulders slumped, obviously upset. \"Did you know?\" John asked as he took a step closer to Henry. His brain was a reel of possible scenarios. \"No. That was never part of the plan. He may try to kill her too.\" Henry looked right in John's eyes. Henry's were a mix of desperation and anger. John's were full of determination. \"I need you to make sure that does not happen.\" John walked by Henry and out of the warehouse as a response. Delphi's hands were tied behind her back, and she was on her knees. She had never been very comfortable in that position. Three men stood on either side of her. They looked like copies of one another, each in a black suit, hands crossed over their stomachs. She recognized a few from when she used to work here. Delphi's face hurt. Her ribs hurt. It pretty much all hurt. Her hair fell wildly in her face. She was not afraid. The way she figured it, she was faced with two choices. One, escape. Or two, be killed. She had made her peace with death a long time ago. And now, he was her neighbor. John laid on his stomach on the rooftop where Henry had directed him. The rifle was there. John peered through the scope to catch a glimpse of her. He had found that, after seeing her in action, she struck him as more of a wolf trying to be a girl than the other way around. It did nothing to change how highly he thought of her, but it did quite affect how he imagined her before they met. Finally, she was in his sights. Her shirt was torn and bloody, much like her face. John's grip on the gun tightened. Aldrich strode into the room, Henry by his side. Delphi made herself not look at him. She needed to focus on Aldrich. Henry did make himself look at her. If not, she had told him, Aldrich would know. Guilt flowed over him. Aldrich walked over to her and pulled her up by the hair. Delphi found this dramatic. Both John and Henry, in a strange form of solidarity that neither were aware of, found it infuriating. \"At one point, I would have called you my right hand, do you know that? I would have trusted you with anything.\" Aldrich looked down at Delphi remorsefully. \"Strange, zus, how things have changed.\" Aldrich drew back his fist and hit her square on. Henry flinched. John put his finger on the trigger. Delphi looked up at Aldrich with bold, challenging eyes. \"You never did scare easy. Not like Phoebe. She jumped at anything.\" Delphi struggled to stand at the name of her sister. Aldrich struck her down. Her head hit the concrete floor. Henry closed his eyes. Aldrich crouched down beside her. He used the end of his gun and traced her collarbones, moving lower down her shirt. Henry started. Then stopped. He breathed heavily. John struggled to see. Aldrich was blocking her. \"Where is the boy?\" Aldrich whispered into Delphi's ear sinisterly. His voice was just low enough for them both to hear. She spat on his face. Delphi's hands were very close to being untied. Her theatrical fall had given her the proper coverage. And now Aldrich was so close. All she needed was a gun, and if she couldn't find one, her hands would have to do. But instead of reacting the way she expected, by lashing out and grabbing her, the one thing she needed him to do, he touched her face gently instead. \"I will find him with or without you.\" Aldrich spoke calmly. He gave her a chance to respond as he wiped his face. Delphi's fingers worked quickly to untie herself. \"I had planned to kill you myself, zus , but I cannot bring myself to do it.\" He laid her head back down, and stood. \"Shoot her.\" He said to one of his men. The rest made to file out behind him. \"No, stay. She is a clever one.\" Aldrich commanded. He put his hand on Henry's shoulder as he left. \"Make sure it is done.\" Henry fought the urge to tear off his arm. \"Boontje komt om zijn loontje, broer.\" Delphi said, hoping to lure him back to her. You'll get what you deserve, brother. It did not work. Aldrich paced out of the room. John seized the moment. He squeezed the trigger. Henry exclaimed and fell to the ground. \"Oh shit! The boss!\" One of the henchmen cried. Delphi almost rolled her eyes in annoyance. She broke free of her restraints and immediately set to the task at hand. John tried to follow her in the scope but she moved quickly. Using just her hands, she beat the first two. Using the second man's gun she put a bullet in both, and then turned to the remaining four. She used the remaining three bullets on them, and then the magazine clicked. \"Where is John Wick?\" She asked the only man standing. He did not answer. She asked again, her voice apocalyptic. When he failed to answer a second time, she threw the empty gun at his face, and used his distractedness to break his neck. Then she moved towards Henry. He laid on the floor, blood pooling by his head. Delphi's heart began to race. She knew what she had to do, but it hurt so badly. Delphi had no clue who was or was not working for Aalders. He had always made it a point to have eyes all around. She could not risk letting anyone know that she and Henry were in this together. She only looked at him, crumpled grey suit on the floor, and then continued out the door. John moved to meet her. Henry, realizing he was alone, raised up on his elbows. He touched the top of his ear, and looked at his fingers, red with blood. Slick , he thought, very slick. Delphi walked out of the building, and willed her body to heal as quickly as possible. The bright sunlight hit her face and for a moment she thought she might cry. It had been a long time since she had cried. But she thought that for just for a moment, because as she was debating, John Wick began to walk towards her. Delphi was sure as hell not going to cry in front of John Wick. She placed her hand on his elbow, perhaps one of the only times they had any sort of physical contact. The action conveyed a variety of emotions, and John understood them all. \"You didn't kill him, right?\" She made sure. \"No.\" John said. Trying to appear only slightly pleased with his actions. \"Good.\" Delphi looked physically relieved. \"Let's go. I think I know where he's got them.\"[Chapter 9] Winston looked at the number on his cell phone screen. He picked up the device and answered without a greeting. He listened to the muffled voice on the other end patiently, and when they were finished, he threw the phone across the room. How hard could this have been? He had given them everything they needed to succeed. What else could he have done? He had been patient. He had been watchful. He had only one more card to play. It was a risky one. This is what Winston should have told his friend John Wick when he sat down and asked about Delphi Kane. There were four Kane sisters. Phoebe, the oldest, ten years older than Delphi, then there was Cleo and Iris. Each of the girls, other than Delphi, was visibly striking. Phoebe was the modern day Jane Bennett, the lovely older sister sought after by all men. Cleo was vibrant and spirited, her dark hair and eyes making her seem mysterious. Iris was a sweet and delicate beauty, evoking memories of old Hollywood starlets. Both beautiful and intelligent, none of the three of them struggled to get out of the small Eastern Kentucky town they were born in. Neither did Delphi, but where her sisters were handicapped by beauty, she was not. She learned that the world was different for girls like her. Men adored her sisters. So very soon, Phoebe had become the arm candy to an elderly billionaire, quietly pulling some strings from behind, Cleo had earned her place as a professional Judoka and was practicing security, and Iris served as an accountant for two very rich men. Those men were Abraham and Aldrich Aalders. Delphi, though she did not have the beauty her sisters did, was cunning and creative in a way they were not. She was rough around the edges. Her skin littered with freckles, her bones too big to be feminine, her eyes wild and untamed. Where her sisters had beauty to gain them friends, Delphi had to use her personality, and in turn, that personality came to serve her well. During this time, Delphi did what she did best. Between balancing her schoolwork and the ends she had to go through to afford her schoolwork, she had become a force to be reckoned with. Known for her discreteness and accuracy she began to rise within this world. The four sisters, all very close to one another, used their own personal skill sets to help the others advance. They had schemed together to align on one job. Iris, very aware of the kind of men the Aalders brothers were, had wished to leave their company for some time. She had overheard them plotting, and suggested her sisters' services. They could not have predicted that one of them would fall in love. Phoebe Kane had thought she loved Aldrich Aalders from the moment she saw him. She left the wealthy man who had treated her so well and ran into Aalders' arms, dismissing the warnings from her sisters. They pulled off the job, making the Dutchmen very, very rich. As per the contract, the Kane sisters were then released. Iris, Cleo, and Delphi pursued other business ventures. Phoebe did not. It was not until she was three months pregnant did she begin to see the darker side of Aldrich. She feared not only for her life, but for the life of their unborn child. Again, the sisters schemed. And together, they faked Phoebe's death. A deadly reaction to the bees she was so allergic to had ended her. It was not difficult to find a doctor who would help. Delphi had the contacts. Aldrich buried an empty casket and never knew of the child. The sisters, stricken with grief that their Phoebe had been taken from them so soon, left this world in the pursuit of a regular life. But eventually, Cleo and Iris came back. It was all they knew. It was what had made them what they were. Not Delphi. She had come to Winston as a confidant, trusting him with this heavy secret, and asked him what she should do. Winston saw this as an opportunity to rid himself of a debt without having to pay it. Winston suggested that she move to a remote location in a nearby state. Approximately 3 miles from John Wick. Winston knew that sooner or later, the two would meet, and that John would end her, thus ending Winston's troubles. But instead of killing her, Jonathan had befriended her. And now, Winston found himself having to make a very difficult decision. He picked up the phone he had thrown. He dialed a number. \"You have a Judas in your company.\" Winston told Aldrich Aalders. \"Henry Liu is working with Kane.\" He said. \"Thank you, broer. \" Aldrich said before ending the call.[Chapter 10] Delphi had liked Henry well enough when they had first met. He was fairly serious, but had a great sense of humor, or he laughed at her jokes and she found herself pretty funny. And was a dapper dresser. Henry had liked Delphi well enough when they had first met. She was pleasant, engaging, and funny. Funnier than he had expected anyone in this business to be. They both had just one foot in the door, trying to find some sort of stability in this strange business. Neither of them had heard of the other, and when Delphi asked for his name at the end of the night, \"Henry Liu,\" rolled off his tongue like an amateur. Delphi smiled and left without mentioning hers. A trick of the trade. But it didn't take Henry too long to figure it out. The next time they bumped into each other they were both a bit more prominent. Their names were much more common than they had been. They were working different circuits, Henry was more into private security, but they occasionally heard of the other. Henry had been contracted for the safety insurance of a foreign dignitary whilst at a gala. There were a lot of important people there. He sat at a table across from his client's. Henry watched carefully as people passed by him. His eyes flicking towards the entrances, exits, and then back to the dignitary every few seconds. He had almost missed her walk in. Three years later, and she looked just about the same. Delphi wore a black jumpsuit, with a high neck and no back. A thin scar made its way up her spine. Her hair fell in big curls, and crystals shaped like teardrops hung from her ears. Henry glanced around to see who else had noticed her. No one had. Henry briefly wondered if it was a good or bad thing that it was only he who had been drawn to her. He was still wondering that. Henry had wanted to kill Aldrich Aalders for quite some time. The scene that had played out only hours earlier, involving the beating of someone he cherished, also did nothing to abet Henry's desire to crush his employer's throat with his own hands. Both Henry and Delphi were not under the impression that Aldrich would not find out about them. They had just hoped to keep their affiliation a secret as long as possible. Aldrich was not surprised that his head guard had been bewitched by a Kane sister. It happened to the best of them. Though not surprised, he was angry. But that would have to wait. He was sitting in the passenger seat of a Cadillac Escalade when he received Winston's call, and he calmly asked his driver to turn around. If Henry had been in on it the whole time, Aldrich severely doubted that Delphi or John Wick were actually dead. Delphi knew that there was not a creative bone in Aldrich's body, he even had his security team wear security guard uniforms like a bunch of dopes. And thus, she also knew he would keep her sisters in the very place that she used to bring people to him. Delphi was struck with nostalgia as she walked through the backdoor of the restaurant Aldrich owned. Delphi was past the point of telling John he could go. Mostly because she knew he would never listen to her, but also, maybe just a bit, because she felt better with him by her side. John walked through the restaurant with his gun drawn, weak shoulder out, a fighting style he had learned a long time ago. Delphi led and motioned for John when the coast was clear. They would never reach the vault if Aalders' men were alerted to their presence this early in the game. Aldrich relied on an honest and loyal staff to keep his operation afloat. That was why when Delphi, Cleo, and Iris left he had been a little hurt. It was Phoebe who comforted him and explained that her sisters, due to their strange past and unconventional upbringing, could not stand to be tied down. Up until recently, Aldrich had remembered his closeness with Delphi fondly. When he thought of her, his brain always called up a memory of her washing her hands. Cut and bruised, he knew that the hot water would make them sting, but she let her hands sit under the stream anyways. A long minute passed, and Aldrich cleared his throat to get her attention. \"Sorry,\" she apologized hastily, moving to dry her swollen knuckles. \"We didn't have running hot water at our house growing up.\" She explained as she walked past him. Aldrich learned then that he would never really understand those women. His driver had not been moving fast enough for him. So, Aldrich had shot him and taken his place in the driver's seat. After Delphi had led them through the kitchen and down the stairs, she took out the blade John had given her. He understood what that meant and holstered his gun. His hands moved quickly against the guards. Delphi muffled their screams with one hand as she stabbed them with her other. They made a quick business about it. Together, they went through 30 men. John's kill count was much higher with a partner. Troy, ever faithful to Aldrich, but very afraid of John Wick, realized that their only hope was to separate them. He sent his five best men after Wick, and decided to handle Delphi himself. John told her to move on as the men closed in around him. With so many around him knew that he may have no choice but to shoot. These men were more skilled than the rest. They gave him much harder time. He held off as long as he could, but eventually his shots acted as a warning to her, and she began to run. Troy stepped out of the aisle way in front of her. She started her assault with a kick to his chest. John shot the first man, but then his gun was knocked out of his hand. Delphi pummeled Troy with punches. John snapped a second man's arm. Troy hit Delphi in the abdomen, busting her stitches and causing her to scream in pain. John heard and began to move faster, newly motivated. Troy took Delphi's moment of pain to slam her to the floor. He moved behind her and wrapped one arm around her neck, and braced himself with the other. Delphi moved quickly to release herself. She would not last long under his grip. She leaned down and crouched, and wrapped her arms around his knees, drawing him to the ground. John swung his forearm out, much like a hook, and connected it to the third man's throat, immediately knocking him to the floor. The fourth man created distance between them. He was a kicker. John hated kickers. Delphi moved to sit on Troy's chest, hoping her weight would give her some leverage. He threw her off easily. They both rose. Delphi moved in for a head kick. The man also moved in with a head kick, John blocked with his shoulder, hand, and other palm, and then moved in with body shots. Troy did not block, the top of her foot connected with his jaw. Delphi had learned this kick while training with Abraham. How fitting she used it now. While discombobulated, she began to hit him again and again in the head with her fists. The fifth man drew a wide stance. He stuck out his jaw. John's fist collided with it. Delphi seized her opportunity. She knocked Troy to the ground and used her knee on his throat, choking him. He had landed precisely where she wanted him to. She picked up the gun she had knocked out of his hand. She placed one bullet through his ear. Delphi knew she was close. She thought about waiting for John, but decided to continue on without him. He would find his way easily enough. John began walking the way Delphi had run.[Chapter 11] \"You're my replacement?\" Delphi asked when she finally came up to the vault. The woman standing opposite her, guarding the room she wished to enter, was called Maria. Maria had never been quite keen about Delphi. It might have had something to do with the jagged scar that ran from her ear to her chin. Maria nodded, her hatred of Delphi evident. Delphi had never been very impressed with Maria. She was a sloppy fighter, and had little to no personality. She was notorious for a one hit knock out, but it was her only party trick. \"What a disappointment.\" Delphi said as she charged her. Maria was not much a challenge for Delphi. In fact, she was one of the quickest take downs Delphi had all night. Delphi had her knife up into Maria's ribs. Maria's back was against the wall. Delphi's hand braced Maria's so as to not let her escape. Maria would not try to escape. She had seen Delphi Kane in action. She knew she was better off to stay here. \"Where are my sisters?\" Delphi asked Maria playfully, like a cat talking to a mouse. Maria looked at Delphi curiously. Then an evil grin covered the woman's face. \"Your sisters are dead.\" She told Delphi. In response, Delphi shoved the knife further up Maria's ribcage. Maria coughed blood. John had just caught up. He stood in the doorway. Both women noticed his presence but neither acknowledged it. When John's wife died, he felt as though he had no one left in the world. It was a lingering weight, something that he endured daily. It still hung on his shoulders, but the heaviness had lightened since he had met Delphi. He did not wish for her to know that pain. He knew it was coming, but there was nothing he could do to stop it. \"Aldrich ordered it.\" Maria continued, the smirk still on her beaten face. Delphi had been confident that her sisters were very much alive. Pinky-less perhaps, but still alive. Delphi did not know if she could believe Maria or not. As a way to buy time, she quickly withdrew the knife from Maria's abdomen and used it to secure the woman's hand to the wall behind her. Maria howled. Delphi arranged Maria's other hand, and then looked at John. He handed her his knife. Delphi stepped back to admire her work. The smile was beginning to wane from Maria's face. \"If they were already dead, then why would you be guarding this door?\" Delphi wondered aloud. \"Look for yourself, punta .\" Maria spat. John watched as Delphi seemed to become someone else entirely. She had done this often when she was younger, in a second she went from feral beast to frightened child. So much of who Delphi was relied on controlling the only thing she could, herself. Delphi was raised to believe that she was never alone so long as she had her sisters. Phoebe, ten years her senior, had taught Delphi understand the power of being underestimated. Phoebe's blonde hair, blue eyes, tan skin, and body of a goddess, had enticed men. They treated her like a thing and she let them, up until the moment she needed something they had. Cleo, four years younger than Delphi, had always been a spitfire. Dark and sarcastic, wild and ornery, Cleo was genuine, and so very alive. Iris, smart and eager, was Delphi's youngest sister. Iris was beautiful in a timeless way, and had the self-confidence to succeed no matter the venture. Delphi was not beautiful. She knew that. Her sisters knew that. And in a way that only sisters could, they comforted her. But Delphi had always been the one to pull through for them. Phoebe, though the eldest, was not the most responsible. The older she grew the more selfish she became. She thought that after years of caring for her sisters, she had deserved to care only for herself. That all changed after she had become a mother. Egan Kane had an interesting childhood, his first months were with his mother and aunts. They lived together, until one day, his aunts left and Charlie moved in. Charlie, the man he knew as his father, was kind and demure, and loved the boy like his own. He loved Phoebe too, and understood her better than she understood herself. As agreed upon, Delphi had not seen the boy in months. She imagined he'd be walking by now. She would not know how to tell him if his mother was dead because of her. She had never thought she would have to. Delphi twisted the dial quickly. She had been with Aldrich when he has purchased the vault. She was not surprised that he had not changed the code. She opened the door quickly. John could not see in, but he did not have to see to know what was there. Maria began to laugh. Delphi shot her in the head, but her eyes never left the vault.[Chapter 12] Henry liked to think he was the one who kissed Delphi first, but it was actually the other way around. His hand had found its way to her cheek, completely of its own accord, his fingers skimmed behind her ear. He felt a scar. He traced a small x. \"An x marks the spot.\" she had laughed, pulling him closer and pressing her mouth against his. He let that memory play over and over again in his mind as he stood, waiting for Aldrich. At least seven men lay dead at Henry's feet. They were the remaining security that John and Delphi had not met. Aldrich was starting to realize that his plan was failing. He was also beginning to feel played. After he killed Delphi and Wick, Winston was next on his list. Delphi did not quite know what to do with the scene in front of her. Preparing herself for the worst, she had expected to see her sisters, lifeless, lying on the cool concrete floor. Instead, there were three dead and mostly naked guards. Delphi had shot Maria so she could think. John made his way over to comfort his friend. Upon looking in the vault, he was just as dumbfounded as she was. Henry possessed a greater ability to kill than Aldrich Aalders, in fact, Henry couldn't remember ever seeing Aldrich kill anyone. He always had someone else do the dirty work for him. Aldrich Aalders was just very, very angry. He wallowed in his anger as he parked his SUV and walked into the restaurant. He only grew more livid as he walked past the bodies of his help. Delphi looked at John, and then back to the undressed men. A savage smile played on Delphi's face. Henry cursed as three more guards walked towards him. He could have sworn he had finished the last of them off. Then Aldrich walked in. When it rains, it pours. Delphi and John made their way back the way they had come. Iris, Phoebe, and Cleo had dispatched the three men sent to kill them easily. They had known that Aldrich would not have the nerve to finish the deed himself, so when the men entered, the women pounced. They shot three times, for effect, then dressed themselves in the guards' uniforms and walked out very simply. Luckily, Maria had not been sent to stand sentry at the vault until after Aldrich had received the phone call from Winston. John was beginning to suspect that he was just looking at the tip of the iceberg concerning the Kane sisters. Henry was momentarily struck by how each of the three guards advancing towards him had their right hands bandaged. He understood just as Aldrich drew his gun and aimed at Henry's head. Aldrich took a deep breath. It had been years since he had killed a man himself, and he was about to shoot the second in less than an hour. His mind flashed back to memories of him as a boy, hunting with his father. This memory only angered him more, reminding him of a son who had been stolen from him. It was Delphi who shot first. She put a slug in Aldrich's shoulder. He had not even seen her enter the room. He cursed in Dutch. Then Cleo shot, putting a round in his thigh, causing him to drop to the floor. Iris acted next, her bullet entering his abdomen, causing him to cry out in pain. Henry advanced and shot through Aldrich's other leg, leaving him on his knees. They all turned to look at John, who shrugged his shoulders as he fired and created a hole in Aalders' palm. John decided then that he enjoyed this sort of group work. Phoebe made her way towards the father of her child. Her hips swayed as she walked, and she caressed Aldrich's face when she drew near to him. Cleo had moved behind Aalders to restrain him; John was impressed with her strength. Phoebe squatted so that she and the man were eye to eye. Abraham Aalders was resting in bed at his apartment in Amsterdam. When he had received Delphi's package only a few days earlier, he had eyed the protective vest warily, she knew that he believed they only limited his movement. Now feeling the bruises, he was grateful he had worn them that night. Phoebe asked Aldrich only one question. \"How did you find out about him?\" \"Egan?\" Aldrich whispered. The women seemed to flinch when he said the child's name. It was sacred. Aldrich was breathing raggedly, but had enough in him to continue to answer. \"Your old friend Winston told me about him.\" John was shaken by the mention of Winston's name. He looked at Delphi, expecting to see his shock mirrored on her face. Instead, her jaw was clenched in rage. John thought back to his chat with Winston at the bar. It's that charm that gets people killed. Though it hadn't been Delphi who had charmed Winston. That fell to Phoebe. She had been the one to seduce the wealthy billionaire. She had kept his identity secret from her sisters, no easy task, but it was through Winston that she could keep an eye on all of them at once, and play the game for herself. Phoebe knew that Winston would never forgive her. She just did not know that Delphi would trust him. Not until it was too late. Phoebe huffed at Aldrich's reply. He continued. \"You should kill me. You've taken everything from me. My heart. My son. My brother. Why stop now?\" Abraham had moved to his kitchen where he was frying himself some eggs. He sipped on his coffee as he looked at the one photo hanging on his fridge. Luckily, his nephew favored Phoebe more than Aldrich. The Kane sisters all laughed at his response. Ruthless, thought John. \"You're right. Why stop now?\" Phoebe finished as her bullet torpedoed through Aldrich's brain.[Chapter 13] Abraham's phone buzzed with a text just as he had taken the last bite of his breakfast. He stood and took in the view of this beautiful city, and breathed in a breath of new life. The Kane sisters had decided that they needed to develop a plan in case Aldrich found out about the boy long before Delphi had moved to the farm. Meticulously, the sisters had plotted. It was Delphi who sowed the discord between Aldrich and Abraham, though it did not take much prodding on her part. Abraham, like Delphi, had always been underestimated, especially by his brother who only believed him to a brute, and not a brain. All Delphi had to do was prove Aldrich's thinking to his loyal brother, and Abraham was soon on their side. She knew that when she called on him, Abraham would act in her favor. Cleo had suggested that they be taken hostage. She even went so far as to say that they \"had\" to be killed, so that they could start fresh afterwards. It was a splendid idea, they agreed. A fresh start would be good for them all. It would give them the chance to be something other than the notorious Kane sisters. Iris maintained that Delphi was to be the one worked from the outside. No one would actually believe that she was ever taken. Delphi's ego was pleased with that line of thinking. Henry had always been a part of the scheme. They had all sort of expected that he would leave with Delphi, and when he didn't it came as quite the shock to them all. Henry, of course, regretted telling her no from the moment the word left his lips. Delphi left his apartment sad and alone. She moved to her farm and planned to live there, sad and alone. Then a dog showed up in her flower garden. Winston had been Delphi's lynch pin. She had considered her options many, many times, but unless Winston was involved, there was no way to give her sisters the clean slate they wanted. She was counting on him. And he had let her down. There had been no room in the plan for John, though he somehow fit. \"Finished.\" Was all the text read. Abraham immediately began making phone calls.[Chapter 14] John, Delphi, Henry, Phoebe, Cleo, and Iris all walked out the restaurant, there was virtually no one left to stop them. Abraham had called the sorry group some cars. They were parked on the street corner inconspicuously. The pain of the past 48 hours was beginning to catch up to Delphi and John, though mostly to John. He limped his way to the car parked in front. He leaned against the fender and waited for his friend. Phoebe, Cleo, and Iris kept him company while he waited. He quickly realized that Delphi was not the most talkative among her siblings. John thought that they asked him at least 30 questions within the first minute alone, including, \"Is that your real hair or did you get plugs?\" Henry stayed behind to help Delphi out to the cars, but she insisted on walking alone. \"Pretty clever, Kane. Pretty clever.\" Henry said as they stepped in sync. \"You think?\" Delphi replied, the pink hue of the sunset settling on her cheeks. \"Don't get cocky on me.\" He said and she laughed happily. It was a sound that made Henry's heart pound. Delphi stopped as they neared the cars and her sisters, crowding around John. She smiled as John tried to process them. She turned back to Henry. He was staring at her. \"What are you doing, Henry?\" \"I'm looking at you.\" He said softly. Winston received the news of the Kane's sisters demise that earlier that day. He had yet to decide how he would celebrate. Though he did wonder about his friend John Wick. He highly doubted that Aalders had killed him. Winston briefly pondered if anything could kill John Wick. It had been Phoebe who suggested a back door to this secret place, so that she could come and go as she pleased. Winston had loved Phoebe Kane. She was beautiful. But more than that, she cunning and keen. And mysterious. He had fallen for her quite easily. And he believed that he had enough, of well anything she could ever want, to keep her entertained and by his side. He had been very wrong. Phoebe pretended to be so uninterested in Winston's business. Little did he know that she was using him to keep up with the others. Winston had no clue that Phoebe had any sisters, let alone that they were the Kane sisters. Delphi had sent Henry home with her sisters. They were to meet back at her farm with Egan in two days. Phoebe made sure to whisper the location of the secret door in Delphi's ear before leaving. She had tried to send John with them, but both he and Henry had insisted that one of them should stay with her, and they all three knew that John wasn't going to be able to assimilate to Cleo, Iris, and Phoebe during a car ride. She asked John to go get the Mustang, because she was likely to be considered dead and couldn't appear very alive at the Continental without raising questions. But John knew what she was up to. Delphi felt so foolish for trusting Winston. She blamed her father. She had loved him so much, she looked for him in everyone. She found him in John. She had thought she recognized him in Winston. She had also been so wrong. Delphi slipped through the back door of Winston's office easily. She held a bottle of bourbon in her hands. It was her usual gift to him. They used to have many chats at the bar in the Continental. When Winston saw her, he became a little afraid. Delphi put the bottle on his desk and then sat across from him. She willed her hands to stay still. They shook with anger. \"Surprised to see me?\" Delphi asked as she crossed her legs. Winston eyed the red head. He had plotted. He had schemed. He had bided his time. Yet, here she was. Aldrich had been right. She was not a girl. She was a demon. \"Not at all, dear.\" Winston said as he opened the bottle and poured two glasses. \"I trust you've settled your business here, and that I can just put the renovation of my pent house on your tab.\" Delphi was not at all taken aback with Winston's arrogance. Phoebe had warned her of that. Winston's mind was racing with how exactly she was alive. \"You know, my sister never loved you.\" Delphi started with a sucker punch. Winston took a swig of bourbon, but it did not make Delphi's words any easier to swallow. \"Love is a difficult concept for girls like us to grasp,\" Delphi swirled her bourbon as she continued, \"much like forgiveness.\" Winston took another drink, and swallowed any hopes of reconciliation. \"You had me buy that farm because you thought John Wick would kill me.\" She stated firmly. \"And instead he bloody made friends with you. Jonathon couldn't make a friend to save his life and yet somehow you've got him following you around like a puppy. But he won't let you kill me.\" Winston said. He knew his friendship with John Wick would pay off some day. \"No one 'lets' me do anything.\" Delphi sneered. \"Perhaps not, but you're smarter than that.\" \"Don't tell me how smart I am.\" Delphi snapped. And at that moment, Winston became very afraid. \"Unfortunately, you are worth more to me alive.\" Delphi continued. Winston found that hard to believe but was not in a place to question his luck. Delphi quite enjoyed seeing the fear grow in Winston's eyes. She had thought and thought of ways to get revenge on this man. She figured the worst thing she could do would be nothing at all. The fear itself would kill Winston. A coward's death was all he deserved. \"I won't forget this.\" Delphi said as she stood. The hostility in her voice was recognizable. \"Neither will I.\" John growled as he emerged from a dark corner. Winston was paralyzed in fear. He eyed John carefully. For once, the old man was at a loss for words.[Chapter 15] 3 years later The next time the Kane sisters saw Abraham Aalders, it was at a funeral. The Aalders business had grown more successful under this brother's rule. In fact, he was about to earn a spot at The Table, and guarantee John, Henry, and the Kane sisters' safety forever. Though as far as the world knew, the Kane sisters were dead. The four sisters now all resided in the sleepy farm town where John and Delphi had met. They went by Mallory now, the name John had first called Delphi. They had all gathered to celebrate the life of a horrid man. Winston had died of a heart attack. It didn't rain that spring day like the forecast had suggested, in fact, the sun shone brightly and the temperature rose to a splendid 68 degrees. Egan, now 4, fidgeted as he struggled to stand still, his small hand holding his mother's.. His dark hair reminded Abraham of his brother, but did not elicit any emotions. Phoebe stood tall and proud, like always. Cleo had grown her hair out and was currently working with a horse farmer, a job that utilized her discipline. Iris worked at the local bank, and was beloved by all practically the entire town, but was particularly smitten with a young teacher. They had been dating for 7 months. Delphi was about the same, except that she now wore a wedding band and her stomach was swollen tight. \"Twins!\" She had told John. \"Twins! Can you believe it?\" John kissed her on the cheek and squeezed her shoulders. He searched for memories of a time when he had been more happy, but found only one. She stood beside Henry now, his hand on the small of her back, twisting strands of her long red hair between his fingers that were almost never clean because he now worked as a mechanic at his own shop. The priest finished his speech and most everyone walked away, leaving John staring down into the deep hole they would lay his friend in. John still considered Winston a friend. He didn't know why, but perhaps it was the same reason that had beckoned each of the sisters to attend the funeral. Life has a funny way of pulling us in, John thought. Life, or that redheaded girl. After Helen died, John wondered if there was room in his heart for anyone else. He had found some space with Delphi, and she had made that space her own. She worked diligently to clean out his hatred of the world and instead filled him up with love and friendship, as well as 3 more girls who now loved him like a father. The dog barked once from the passenger seat of the mustang. He was getting old and gray now, much like John. The noise pulled John back to reality. Egan ran towards him as he made his way back to his family. \"Papaw!\" The boy started, \"Aunt Cleo says that I can't count to 20 but I actually can!\" He shouted excitedly. \"Well then let's hear it,\" John told him as he scooped the boy up, his small arms wrapping around John's neck. Delphi sat in the passenger seat, one of Henry's hands on the wheel and the other on her knee. She was incredibly hot, itchy, tired, and hungry, but she was usually always those things nowadays, considering she was 32 weeks pregnant with not one, but two. She rested her head against the cool window and watched John speak lovingly to her nephew, much like she imagined he would do to her sons. The man grinned widely as the small boy skipped thirteen as he was counting and went straight on to fourteen. John was no longer the ruthless Baba Yaga everyone had grown to fear. She hoped this was the John Wick the world would remember. ","Summary":" It started with her. The girl had moved to the farm closest to Wick's property approximately sevent"},{"Movie":"Wanted","Title":"Alternate Endings","Author":"number009","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7339095","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own wanted. Author's Note: This is my first fic. It's also my first story written in this format rather then a script. Therefore, I'm sure my writing skills have room to imrpove. Any advice and/or constructive criticism is greatly appreciated. If you see any repeated mistakes in my grammar that I'm making and do not believe that I realize my mistake, please, please, please point it out. Thanks for reading! Chapter 1 Dressed in a white dress and carrying a purse over her shoulder, no one suspected Fox of anything and she smiled slightly at the irony of it. It had been a long time since she had pretended to be normal. As she flipped through magazines, faking interest in the various headlines, she watched people walk by in her peripheral vision. No one in the pharmacy gave her a second glance. Fox wondered who they thought she was. Perhaps they saw her as a teacher or a nurse. No, the bag she was carrying was too expensive for that kind of paycheck. So were the dress and the shoes, for that matter. Psychologists are paid well, right? Ha! The thought of her as a psychologist almost made her laugh out loud. Maybe they thought she was a lawyer. She could definitely pass for a lawyer. As a young couple passed her, Fox wondered if they thought she was married. A quick glance to her naked index finger and Fox shook the idea out of her head. The idea was almost as ridiculous as her being a psychologist. Fox was the most dependable member of the Fraternity and her loyalty and devotion to it made her an outstanding member. That didn't mean she'd be a good wife. Or girlfriend, for that matter. In fact, she'd even be a terrible a group of teenage girls passed by, Fox overheard a few seconds of a conversation about how hot someone named Nick was. Fox wondered if she, herself, would have been one of them had her life had not arranged itself the way it had. Would she have been one of those teenage girls following fads and talking about boys and movies and love and celebrities? Would she and her friends do each other's hair and shop together? Fox couldn't see it. Shifting her eyes to another magazine, Fox read the headline, which was about some lady with eight kids. God, did they think Fox was a mom? Fox's hand subconsciously dropped to her toned stomach as she thought about it. Those poor imaginary kids would have the worst mother. She couldn't be a mom. She would have to give it up for adoption or something. She couldn't bring a child into her life. Then again, would she be able to leave her own baby? She agonized over the fate of her imaginary child until a flash of blue caught her attention. Right, she was here for a reason. Fox did a quick scan of the store, looking as nonchalant as possible. She caught a quick glimpse of their target, who was dressed in a green jacked, as he weaved through the aisles. Two assassins in one pharmacy and no one suspected a thing. Ignorance is bliss. She turned her attention to the man in the blue and recited his information in her head. His name was Wesley Allan Gibson. He was thirty two years old and lived with his girlfriend, Cathy, in a miserable loft that shook every time the train went by. She hated the apartment. He didn't care. She slept with his best friend. He didn't care about that either. Wesley Allan Gibson was known to be a victim of some serious panic attacks. He was a pathetically stressed out young man who even had an ergonomic keyboard in his cubicle. As if working a cubicle wasn't bad enough. The panic attacks were the reason he was here, therefore, the reasons she was here. Wesley turned and caught the eye of their target. Correction; Wesley turned and caught the eye of who will be his target. Now was her chance. Wesley turned back around as the man ducked out of sight to find Fox leaning against the wall and watching him, standing uncomfortably close. He stared at her like a deer in the headlight as she watched him carefully. His hair was tousled from too much time spent running his hands through it and the bags under his eyes complimented his sickly skin tone perfectly. You could almost feel the insecurities and misery drip off him. For a second, Fox actually felt sad for him. Just for a second, though. Wesley continued to stare at her with wide eyes and jaw slightly agape as Fox leaned against the counter, looking effortlessly breathtaking. She continued to watch him silently, looking as confident and intimidating as he did insecurely and weak, until his brain began to work again. \"I'm sorry.\" He stuttered awkwardly. \"You apologize too much.\" Fox stated flatly. Wesley stared at her for another moment, feeling even more awkward then he normally did around people, and shifted his feet before shrugging insecurely, the way he always did in similar situations. \"Well, I'm sorry about that.\" Fox wasn't one for small talk. She studied him as he fidgeted, shoving money across the desk to the pharmacist as he returned with Wesley's meds. A slight smirk appeared on her lips as she watched him but she quickly shut it off. \"I knew your father.\" Wesley took the information in without looking at her as he stuffed the change in his thin wallet. Finally, he turned toward her. This time, he no longer gazed at her awkwardly or uncomfortably. Instead he looked at her like she was insane. \"My father left the week I was born, so…\" he trailed, off looking down. Fox took a breath. \"You're father died yesterday on the rooftop of the metropolitan building. Sorry.\" Wesley spent a second looking at her astonished before laughing in disbelief. \"Look, the liquor aisle is just over there so if you want to go…\" This time, Fox interrupted him. \"Your father was one of the greatest assassins who ever lived. The man who killed him is behind you.\" With that, Fox pulled out her handgun, grabbed Wesley by the collar of his shirt, and whipped him across the aisle. Alright, that's it for now. Please tell me what you think. Thanks for reading![Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I do not own Wanted Author's Note: Please read and review. Many thanks if you do! Chapter 2 The shootout at the pharmacy led to a car chase in which Fox showed off her driving skills while driving a fantastically impressive red Ferrari. Cross avoided winding up in a devastating crash while driving a fantastically unimpressive delivery truck that certainly was not made for car chases. Wesley screamed, cried and begged a whole lot. After sending a police car flying, causing multiple car crashes, driving in the wrong lane, ripping the door off what may or may not have been a police car by driving through it, shooting at Cross and driving with her legs, Fox found herself driving strait toward a line of police cars, complete with armed cops pointing their Glock 23s at her. As Wesley screamed and swore, Fox kept driving full speed before flipping the car over the police cars, onto and off a bus, and away from the scene. Then, Wesley woke up. For a split second, Wesley thought it was a dream. Then, he actually looked at his surroundings. Wesley swung himself onto his feet and staggered forward before finding himself eye to eye with a muscular, blonde man, who was sitting on the staircase. Wesley stared at him for a moment before spinning around and trampling his way to where he found a large, bearded man biting his finger nails and spitting. Another direction led him to a dark skinned, well-build man, who was around his age, and the stairs leading down and out were guarded by the gorgeous femme fetal whose name he still had not learned. \"Hello\" she greeted, using the same voice she had used the night before; confident, blunt, and forceful. Something in her voice suggested they knew each other and that they were old friends. In one way, Wesley read her voice as her way of suggesting he trust her. In another, he found her inflictions implying that she was amused by him and his pathetic life. Little did he know it was just the way he spoke. An older man stood on the staircase above them, looking down at Wesley as he explained that had thought he would be taller. Wesley stuttered over his words as he called the man \"Sir\" and explained that he was an accountant. Ignoring Wesley's nervous rant, the man dragged the waste basked out and said something completely insane. \"Shoot the winds off the flies.\" He wasn't joking. Wesley tried talking his way out of the room, recognizing how unstable the people he was surrounded by were, before a barrel of a gun pressed into the back of his head and silenced him. The dark-skinned man, who was holding the gun, explained that he would count to three. At three, either Wesley would shoot or he would. Fox watched as Wesley grabbed the gun and pointed it at the waste basket. His face reddened and he was suddenly dressed in sweat. Everyone in that room had looked like that before they joined the Fraternity. They had all experienced what Wesley believed to be panic attacks. They had all learned to control them and so would Wesley. With a perfect poker face, no one in the room could tell that Fox's heart was beating far faster than normal. No one noticed that Fox's breathing pattern had stopped abruptly as she held her breath. In fact, she hadn't even realized she was doing it until the Gunsmith made it to three and the sound of repetitive gunshots could be heard from Wesley's gun. As her heartbeat returned to normal, Fox's lips twitched into a relieved smile that was quickly wiped away once she realized it was there. She had no reason to be worried about Wesley's fate. She barely knew him. Fox looked everywhere but at Wesley as he trotted to a seat and struggled to calm his breathing, pulling a bottle of pills from his pocket. Sloan, the man who had thought Wesley would be taller, strolled toward Wesley with a handful of wingless flies. He took the bottle of pills out of Wesley's hand, replacing it with the flies, and discarded of the pills in the trash. Wesley stared at the flies in disbelief. Still not allowing herself to look at Wesley, Fox listened as Sloan gave the speech he had given everyone in the room. He explained to Wesley that his \"panic attacks\" were, in fact, not panic attacks. He told Wesley that his heart was beating at a ridiculously high rate, sending abnormally high amounts of adrenaline to his brain and allowing him to act and react quicker than most people. He told Wesley that only a few people in the world were capable of doing such a thing and that his father, before him, could do it, also. He began to explain to Wesley that he would be able to control these attacks when Wesley stood up suddenly and demanded Sloan to stay away, pointing his gun at him. Fox found herself staring at Wesley as he struggled to hold back the emotions the past few hours had caused and successfully looked completely nonchalant. With the permanent gleam of mischief in her eye and a small smirk, Fox waved to Wesley as she was introduced to him, only after Sloan introduced himself. Using the same calm, knowing voice he had used on everyone in the room, Sloan drilled Wesley's destiny into his head. Sounding more like a preacher then an assassin, Sloan spoke of fate, using Wesley's weakness, insecurity, to his advantage. Sloan spoke of Wesley's future as if he had potential to be someone and as emotions contradicted each other, Wesley struggled to control them. Instructing him to back off, Wesley pushed pass Sloan and pointed his gun at Fox. As she demanded that she stay away from him, Fox struggled to keep herself from laughing as an extremely vulnerable and hysterical accountant pointed a gun at her. As she nodded her agreement to his demands, not meaning it at all, she thought about how easily she could have disarmed him. Perfecting an expression of innocence, she stared at him wide-eyes as he spoke, finding herself holding back laughter behind a smile as she leaned out of his way. She and the rest of the team leaned over the balcony to watch him go. I'm not happy with this chapter. Truthfully, I'm not very happy with the one before it either. I'm still using the actual movie scenes to build up to the point where I can start getting creative. I've been trying to put some charcter mind into the story. I hope it's been working. Thanks for reading![Chapter 3] Disclaimer: I do not own Wanted Author's Note: This one's rather short. I think it's a slight improvement from the past two chapters. I promise to get better. Please, please, please read and review. I know, it's not the best fic but I'm still learning. I could really use your opinions. Please review! Chapter 3 Wesley literally woke up screaming the next morning. The first thought that came to his mind when he woke up was: I'm so damn glad that was just a dream . The second: I have to pee. Making his way to the bathroom, Wesley slid off his pants and felt his stomach drop as he heard the click of metal hitting the floor. Turning around, Wesley saw the gun Sloan had given him, his father's gun, sitting in his back pocket on the floor. It wasn't a dream. Hiding the gun, Wesley sat down and did something he's never done before. Wesley controlled the attack. The gun that was in his back pocket meant it was all real. He realy had met that gorgeous, unreadable, dangerous woman at the pharmacy. He really had been in both a shootout and a car chase. He realy had shot the wings off a fly and his panic attacks really weren't panic attacks. His father was an assassin and he would be too. For the first time in his life, he really was someone. His reaction to the impossible reality was much different with a night's sleep on it. He was, in the words of his shit bag of a best friend, Barry, \"pepped up\". When Barry snuck up being him, Wesley didn't jump. When his boss caught him google searching the murder of his father and screamed at him about the reports he hadn't finished, he did something everyone had always wanted to do but no one had ever dared to. After telling her to \"Shut the fuck up\" and fiving a speech about how tired he was of her and calling her fat and so on, Wesley told his boss to fuck herself. And with that, Wesley unhooked his keyboard, ignored the pairs of eyes that stared at him, and made his way toward the door as Barry called him \"the man\". As he walked, Wesley found that he did care about Barry sleeping with Cathy. Not because he loved her. Not because he expected more out Barry. He cared because, for the first time in his life, Wesley had enough confidence to actually care about things. To show how much he cared about it, Wesley used the keyboard to slap Barry across the face, sending him falling to the ground. Wesley was pretty sure he saw a tooth go flying. What did you think? Better then the last? Worst then the last? What'd you think was good? What'd you think was bad? Please tell me what you think. I can't express how much a review would mean to me. Thanks for reading! By the way, I hope that everyone who lives in areas hit by Hurricane Irene is okay. We lost power for a few days and lost a few days of school/work. I hope you are all okay. -G[Chapter 4] Disclaimer: I do not own Wanted Author's Note: You're a stubborn lot, aren't you! As I said before, I'd love to hear from you. If you could just take a few seconds to give me you're opinion, I'd be extremely grateful. Constructive criticism is welcomed, even more so then compliments! Chapter 4 \"This is pretty awesome!\" Wesley yelled, over the sound of the machines, \"Is it a front?\" Fox had been waiting for Wesley outside of his office and had silently driven him to a textile mill, as he walked his way throw the newfound feeling of power. The man with the gun from the night prior, who has called the Gunsmith, led Wesley to Sloan inside the mill. \"A front for what?\" asked Sloan, seriously. \"I don't know. Assassination?\" answered Wesley with a shrug. Sloan led Wesley up the stairs to the lunch room, feeding him what Wesley believed to be absolute bull about them being in an actual textile mill. Fox looked up from her lunch, as Wesley and Sloan came bursting through the doors. \"I think you owe me some answers.\" Wesley stated. Fox wasn't sure how much longer Sloan was going to act like a preacher. As their superior, he deserved a certain amount of respect. He didn't owe Wesley anything. Sloan stepped toward the coffee machine and poured himself a mug as Wesley asked a question that silenced the entire room. \"Do you make sweaters or do you kill people?\" Sloan continued to make his coffee silently, causing Wesley to look around the room. The big, bearded man took a huge bite out of his sandwich as he stared at Wesley. The look in his eyes led Wesley to regret speaking to Sloan so casually. As he scanned the room, he met familiar and unfamiliar faces. All were watching him with the same expression as the big man. All but Fox, that is. She almost looked nervous. Fox watched Wesley carefully as Sloan silently made his coffee. Sloan looked up from his mug and said, \"This is an awful lot of questions over coffee.\" Before stepping past him and toward the table at which Fox and the blonde man sat. \"Are you sure you're ready for the answers?\" he asked Wesley. \"Yes! I-I'm sure.\" Wesley answered. \"I can't go back.\" He said with a small laugh, \"Not to my life\". Sloan watched Wesley before turning to Fox. \"He's all yours.\"[Chapter 5] Disclaimer: I do not own Wanted Author's Note: Please review. Chapter 5 In one day, Wesley learned a lot. 1. Wesley learned that the blonde man was named the Repair Man. He repairs a lifetime of bad habits. Translation; He beats the crap out of you. 2. The big guy with the beard is the Butcher. He likes slamming dead pigs into people. He doesn't like being interrupted nor does he like sarcastic answers to rhetorical questions. He likes knives. He also thinks that Wesley is a pussy. 3. Fox likes to watch Wesley get beat up. She also doesn't mind eating while surrounded by dead pigs when Wesley is getting beat up, stabbed, insulted, et cetera, et cetera. 4. In the Recovery Room, there's a bath that speeds up white blood cells. Scratches, bruises and breaks all heal in a matter of hours, not days. That means that the Repair Man and the Butcher get to beat Wesley up as much as they want and Fox gets to watch. Also, the guy who works the Recovery Room is a Russian named the Exterminator. He gives you vodka. 5. If you ever feel like your alarm just doesn't wake you up, get Fox to sneak into your room, lean over you're sleeping self, and tell you to get up in that flat, confusing tone of hers. It works like a charm Fox slid into Wesley's bed as he slept and place her head just above his shoulder so that her mouth was only centimeters from his ear. \"Get up.\" She directed, sliding out of his bed just as he whipped up into a sitting position. He turned to see her stepping toward the door, fully dressed, as he rubbed his eyes and stretched the hand that had been stabbed the day prior. Wesley flipped himself out of bed and took a few steps before Fox got to the door and turned around. Her eyes flashed when she saw him and she couldn't stop the small chuckle from escaping under her breath as Wesley patted his wild hair to his head, not realizing that he was wearing nothing but boxers. After watching Fox allow a small chuckle, paranoia awakened any parts of him that the adrenaline caused by her greeting hadn't already woken up and he became aware of the lack of clothes he was wearing. He made a few attempts at speaking but after a few stutters, he decided it was better to just get dressed rather than make a bigger fool of himself then he already had. Quickly throwing on the first thing he saw- a pair of jeans, a beater, and a plaid flannel- Wesley quickly made his way past Fox and out the door, aware of the fact that she had been watching him with that confusing glance the entire time. The pair walked in silence for the first few minutes as Fox led the way to wherever she was taking him. Finally, Wesley spoke up. \"My building collects week. Cathy's going to be pissed at me for making her pay it full.\" Fox, who usually ignored Wesley's pointless remarks, turned to look at him so quickly her neck hurt. \"Cathy doesn't give a damn about you.\" Fox immediately regretted say it, even more so when Wesley stopped in his tracks and took a long, deep breath. Finally, he looked at her and shrugged. Fox waited for him to say more but he didn't and a moment later the two were walking again. \"Why'd you stay with her?\" she asked carefully. Ever since they had started surveillance on Wesley and found out about his charming girlfriend and loyal best friend, not the sarcasm, Fox had wondered why Wesley stayed with her. She knew she was overstepping by a long shot but she couldn't help asking. Wesley looked down and rubbed the back of his neck for a moment before looking up and answering. 'I never had any siblings and I only ever had my mom, who was always working. I never made any friends at school because of the panic attacks. Barry and I were only friends because we shared a cubicle and he needed someone to listen to him go on and on and I was willing to listen. I was someone he could pick on and he was someone who actually paid attention to me. I met Cathy at a party. She was drunk that night and had been broke for a while. She dated me because I was willing to let her move in and she's one of those girls who needs to have a guy in her life.\" Fox was positive her heard him mumble \"or two…\" under his breath but she decided to pretend she didn't hear it. \"I dated her because I thought it meant I had a chance at being somebody's someone.\" Fox wasn't expecting that last answer and she regretted asking it. Fox was famous for her cool demeanor and her unyielding poker face but, when it came to emotions, she was as awkward as Wesley. She struggled to find the words to say before they stepped into the Gunsmith's room and was thankful for not needing to respond. \"This is the Gunsmith. He knows more about a piece than anyone and he's going to teach you how to use it.\" She explained as they entered the room and led Wesley to the table covered in various firearms. \"How you doing? The Gunsmith asked politely. \"Good.\" Wesley answered Wesley, quickly stealing a glance toward Fox, regretting the conversation on the walk down. She wasn't one to get personal with and, really, he wasn't one to try to get personal with anyone. He had started the conversation by innocently thinking out loud and it had unexpectedly turned into an awkward confession and explained his pathetic life. Fantastic.[Chapter 6] Disclaimer: I do not own Wanted Author's Note: I uploaded two chapters today because I didn't upload one yesterday. I was the opening act for a show last night and didn't get home until late so sorry about that. This one's pretty short, as I'm sure you can tell. It just sort of ended up like that but if you guys review, even just to say that you like it or that you don't like it, I'd be a lot more excited to write these chapters. Just say hi if you want or tell me that you like ice cream. Just let me know that you guys are reading. Please. Chapter 6 Fun fact of the day; The Fraternity uses dead bodies for target practice. They say you have to know what it's like to put a bullet in a body. Wesley says that old lady on a stick could be somebody's mom. He's not as quick to pull the trigger as Fox. Once again, Wesley found himself in the Repair room, arms bound. Days of training changed Wesley's opinion of the Fraternity and he was beginning to get frustrated. Fox still woke him up whenever she felt like it and the walks to and from wherever she wanted to go were always silent. Between the Repair Man and the Butcher, Wesley had broken his nose, collarbone and a few ribs. He had crushed his left knee cap and his hand had been stabbed three times. His cheeks had been gouged and sliced as well as his torso and thighs. To top things off, the Butcher still called him a pussy. For what felt like the millionth time since he started training with the Fraternity, Fox asked Wesley why he was here. \"You know,\" He answered, frustrated, \"I thought I was learning to be some kind of super assassin.\" The Repair Man simply stared down at him and Fox sat with her arms crossed behind her head, out of Wesley's sight. \"You know, if I wanted to get beat up,\" he added \"I would have stayed in my cubicle.\" Wrong answer.[Chapter 7] Disclaimer: I do not own Wanted A/N: Not happy with this chapter at all but I'm late to update so I decided to post it anyway. I must say, I never realized just how much profanity was in this movie until I really studied it for this fic. I don't like using this much profanity in my work but I wanted to stay true to the scene. If you don't like profanity, I recommend you skip to the next chapter. Chapter 7 Wesley followed Fox as she burst through the door and led Wesley onto the roof top. He followed her lead as she seated herself at the top of the roof, looking unreal in her leather outfit. There was a moment of silence between the two before a train came shooting down the tracks under their feet. Recognizing the train, Wesley said \"Hey, I think that's my old train.\" Fox turned to him and flashed the mischievous grin that always made Wesley feel like an idiot. \"It still is.\" With that, Fox shoved Wesley off the roof top and onto the train. She landed gracefully on her feet while Wesley crashed down and hung on for his life as his torso hung over the side of the train. Because some higher power got a kick out watching every ounce of Wesley's dignity drain out of him, the leather-clad femme fatal got him to a more comfortable position and hopped to the next cart. Laying down and gripping the side of the train so tightly you could see the bones in his fingers, he looked up to see Fox standing up, smiling brightly at him. \"Fucking asshole!\" he screamed at her, fearing for his life. \"Come on!\" she called, her smile getting even bigger as she turned around and began to run farther down her cart. \"Let's go!\" \"Are you out of your fucking mind?\" screamed Wesley as he struggled to stand up. He managed to through his body to the next cart and take a few steps as Fox watched him seductively. Tearing his eyes away from her, he saw what lie ahead of them. The train was about to travel under a highway, giving he and Fox no more than six inches to flatten their bodies to. \"Shit\" cried Wesley as a new wave of panic overcame common sense and he tried to run the opposite direction. Fox, on the other hand, turned around slowly and leaned back so that her back was against the train, legs flattened back so that her feet were by her hips. By the time Wesley realized he stood no chance of outrunning the train, it was too late. His head smashed against the concrete tunnel, leaving him barely conscious as he screamed his way through the ride. He woke up hours later in the Recovery Room. Please review[Chapter 8] Disclaimer: I do not own Wanted A/N: I'm a bit happier with this one than the last. If I stay true to my plan, its the next few chapters I'm excited about. Chapter 8 Fox stood by Wesley's side, in front of one of the many textile machines. Another member of the Fraternity had been killed at Cross' hands and Sloan believed that Wesley was the only one who could catch him. As pressure duplicated on Fox to train Wesley to reach his expectations, she was forced to train him twice as hard. She didn't like it. As Wesley watched the textile machine work, she pointed out the shuttle. She paused for half a second to look at Wesley. The insecure dark circles under his eyes had vanished behind the effects of emotions including power, confusion, fear, and anger. His hair was no longer graeasy and tousled in front from running his hands through it nervously. Instead, it hung above his forehead, sticking out here and there as a result of the training. His eyes no longer looked sunken and dim behind a think layer of insecurity and self-deprecation but gleamed with life. He looked like a new person. Ask anyone, including Wesley, himself, and they would say that he was a new person. That is, anyone but Fox. She still saw the insecure, lonely man in a cheap blue pullover and pastel shirt from Wal-Mart. She saw the worry lines around his eyes and slight pout that came every time she smirked at him. She saw the flash of self-doubt everytimg she told him to do something. He was still the same Wesley. She watched him carefully as he followed the shuttle with his eyes as it shout back and forth, so quickly it was hard to see anything but a blur. \"I want you to catch it.\" Wesley followed the shuttled with his eyes for a few more seconds before taking a breath and reaching for the shuttle. For a second, Fox thought he would catch it. Then he screamed in pain and held his bloody hand. The point of this was to get Wesley to control what he had believed to be panic attacks. He needed to be able to slow down time when he wanted. Every member of the Fraternity had done it in the beginning. Every one of them had their hand pierced by the machines over and over again until they finally caught the shuttle. In her years at the Fraternity, she had watched a handful of bloody assassins-to-be hold their bloody fingers as they yelped in pain. Never had it taken an actual effort o keep her face expressionless when it happened. Feeling frustrated with herself, she resisted the urge to hold his injured hand, and explained the importance of controlling his attacks. Wesley looked at her for a moment before turning his attention to the shuttle. It took a while but, finally, he managed to slow time down. This time with confidence, Wesley reached inside the machine. It hurt even worse the second time. Wesley spun around to look at Fox who was watching him expressionlessly. The pain in his hand almost became an afterthought as rage filled his veins. Ever since the shootout at the pharmacy, he had trusted her. He had trusted her the first time his arms were bound in the Repair Room and she told him it would be alright. Then he got the crap beaten out of him. He trusted her when she led him to the Butcher. Then he was stabbed, sliced, and insulted. He had trusted her with the shuttle and, now, his hand was bleeding. He was done. He was done trusting her and playing her games. \"This is bull shit!\" he screamed at her, furiously. \"Fuck this.\" With that, Wesley stormed off, wanting to get as far away from everyone as possible. Fox just stood there. Years of experience allowed her face to remain expressionless and posture to remain the same, despite what she felt inside. She hadn't expected that outburst and it hurt. She was angry at him. The Fraternity was depending on him. They had sacrificed so much for him. Men had died as they waited for Wesley to reach his potential. He had no right to treat this so casually. She was furious at him for storming off. They could not afford for him to mope over a few cuts and bruises. They depended on him too much. She depended on him too much. Please review. -G[Chapter 9] Disclaimer: I do not own Wanted A/N: In my personal opinion, this is the best I've written for this fic so far. I hope you agree . Chapter 9 Fox waited in the Repairman's room, hidden by the stairs. Five minutes ago, she had been in the recovery room as it healed the bloodied knuckles and bruised shins that come as a result of a furious sparring session alone. Wesley had been in the Recovery room, too, two tubs over, oblivious to her presence. He had befriended the friendly Russian, named the Exterminator, during his stay at the Fraternity and he had shown Wesley how he could blow up rats with a watch. Fox, herself, had stayed silent throughout the entire conversation and demonstration, still furious at Wesley. She had lain there, miserably, as she listened to his voice. She had managed to focus on the anger she felt toward Wesley, rather than the hurt. Anger could be explained, dealt with, and taken care of. Emotional pain was a weakness Fox didn't want to deal with. Choking down the emotions, she climbed out of the tub and grabbed a towel. She didn't need to turn around to know that Wesley was watching her, shocked. Covering her bare ass just a second too late, she told him to meet her in the Repair Room in five. Now, she silently waited for Wesley to reach the bottom of the stairs, not looking up to see him as he pounded down each step. Using her fury to her advantage, she slammed into Wesley, smashing his head in the moment he stepped off the stairs, catching him off guard. As far as anyone knew, she was playing an act, trying to get what she wanted out of Wesley. Truthfully, she was just playing off her emotions. \"You're a waste of my fucking time.\" She screamed at him. The Repair Man stared at Fox, not expecting the change of routine. He knew that the pressure to get Wesley into shape was increasing but this was not a take he would have expected her to take. She thought she was fooling everyone, keeping her face stoical and back straight. He had known her long not too see through the mask. He saw how she cringed every time he hit Wesley. He saw how her breath cut short every time he looked at her. He must have done something to piss her off because, now, he feared for Wesley's life. The force of Fox's hit sent Wesley whipping around but he caught himself before he hit the ground. Playing off his own wrath, the two circled each other like wild animals, as they heaved and screamed at one another. \"Why are you here?\" she asked, angrily. She had asked the same question in this room every day since Wesley started at the Fraternity but it had never been screamed in pure fury. \"I don't know. So hit me!\" Wesley howled, just as angry. Doing as told, Fox slammed her fist into the side of his face, sending him to the ground. Repeated hits to the kidney had him groaning in pain, but that didn't stop her. Another hit to the head had him spinning into the pole behind him. Covered in sweat, Fox stepped forward to lean over Wesley, who was doubled over and leaning against the pole. \"Why are you here?\" she repeated. \"I had a shit life so why wouldn't I?\" he asked, turning around. He half expected to meet the unsaid sympathy he had me ton his way to the Gunsmith. Instead, his nose was broken by Fox's fist. She watched him threateningly as he took two heavy breaths. \"I want to kick your fucking ass.\" He swore, taking a hard swing at Fox, who jumped out of the way, easily. Unlike him, when she took a swing, she hit him and sent him tumbling to the ground. \"What do you want me to say?\" he asked, angrily. \"What are you here?\" \"I don't know!\" With fingers covered by a metal ring, she swung at his face. She lifted up and repeated her question before kneeing him in the stomach. \"I don't know why I'm here.\" Wesley cried. \"Oh yeah?\" she asked, grabbing a fist full of think hair and slamming his head into the metal bar in front of him. She hit him again in the side as he leaned over the bar and asked him again. \"I don't know who I am\" Wesley moaned, barely audible. Fox tore him off the bar and onto his back as he crouched over him. \"What did you say?\" she asked, quietly. \"I said I don't know who I am\" he moaned, trying to catch his breath. Fox wanted over him for a few moments, silently. He was covered in blood and his broken nose was deformed. She had been too furious to feel bad for him, now, but she could feel her anger subsiding. Allowing a small smile to form on her lips, she got to her feet and walked out of the room to clean herself up. Please Review. I have a rough draft of the next few chapters and I'm enjoying them. Hopefuly, you'll read and like them. Also, to anyone in the New Orleans area, I haven't heard much about the hurricane other than you guys got hit. Hope you are all okay. -G[Chapter 10] Disclaimer : I do not own Wanted. A/N: This is completely different than it had orriginally been. At first, I hadn't included the train scene but I decided to add it because my favorite part in the movie occurs in that scene. Anyone else love that bit where Fox rests her forehead against Wesley's as they laugh? I thought it was adorable so I had to include it. Anyways, I ended up changing Fox's story too. I mean no disrespect to the film by changing the setting of the scene, it was simply more convienent for me to change it. Chapter 10 After that, things started to change. Wesley developed an unmistakable devotion to his training after a private discussion between him and Sloan and, to the relief of both he and Fox, they began to see improvement. His shooting went from mediocre to impressive in a little over a week. He didn't hesitate when he was about to attempt the ridiculous and presumably impossible, nor when a failed attempt would result in pain. The time that wasn't spent training was spent studying. He took it upon himself to study every move Cross ever made, memorize the scene of every attack. On multiple occasions, Fox would find him hunched over articles or in front of a textile machine with bloody hands and she would have to remind him that he had missed dinner hours ago or that it was three in the morning and he needed sleep. He developed outstanding skills in one on one combat. He outsmarted the Butcher in his own game and managed to break free of the Repairman's bounds and, for a change, beat the crap out of him . Finally, after weeks of failed attempts, Wesley caught the shuttle. Perhaps the greatest improvement could be seen in the relationship between Fox and Wesley. After their disaster, they began seeing eye to eye. They almost unwittingly developed friendship, only realizing how strong their relationship was one it was too late to back out. Still, neither was very open about their emotions, but they always knew when the other was upset. During such occasions, they made sure to spend as much time together as it took for the other to forget what had caused their unhappiness. Fox continued to supervise Wesley's training and his need to make her proud was as strong a drive as getting revenge for his father. It became common practice for them to spar together when something was on least one of their minds and Fox could always tell when Wesley had worked himself too hard. And every night, when training was done for the day and the Recovery Room had patched them up, Fox and Wesley hopped off the roof and onto the train, racing each other to the striped flag trapped on the train rooftop. That was exactly what they were doing now. Both Fox and Wesley landed gracefully on their feet, after jumping off the Fraternity rooftop. Standing side by side, they looked to each other and nodded. Game time. Without hesitation, both assassins sped toward the front of the train, hopping from cart to cart. When they got to the highway, Wesley did not turn the opposite way. As Fox flattened herself against the cool metal, Wesley sent him crashing into the highway, ignoring the busy traffic as he ran across the road and leaped off the other end. Fox hadn't expected that. Wesley didn't even look before he jumped, so when his foot landed just a few inches away from Fox's thighs, he surprised both of them. Fox lifted her head up to glare at Wesley. He spent no more time than necessary flashing her a wicked smile before turning around and making his way to the flag. He hadn't anticipated Fox tripping him. Wesley crashed onto the cool metal as Fox got to her feet and stepped over him. He turned just in time to see her leather-clad and grabbed her calf, sending her to the ground just a few feet away from the flag. As she tried to crawl her way to freedom, Wesley grabbed her leg again and pulled her back. Together, the pair crawled their way to the flag, pushing, shoving, grabbing and pulling each other away from it as they laughed happily. When the flag caught both sets of eyes at the same time, they both lunged for it, bodies tangled together awkwardly. With both hands on the flag, it was impossible to tell who had won. Refusing to be the first to let go, Fox tuned her face in and rested her forehead against Wesley's as they laughed hysterically together. The train took many twists and turns before the pair gained control of the laughter and decided to call it a tie, untangling their bodies from each other and allowing themselves to enjoy a relaxing rest of the ride. Both in identical positions, the pair lie on the back with their head resting on their arms, staring at the sky above them. \"Can I ask you something?\" Wesley asked, uncertainly. Fox turned her head to look at him as he stared at the sky above him. That question always made her nervous. It foreshadowed an emotional mess that would either make her want to cry or kill. Even so, she answered with a yes. \"How do you know you're doing the right thing?\" Fox changed position completely so that she was on her side, looking at Wesley. \"What?\" she asked clearly confused. \"When you kill someone, I mean, how do you know you're doing the right thing?\" he stuttered. \"I mean, most of the time, you don't know your target. He's just a name. You don't know that he's bad or that he's evil. You don't know anything about him. You're just supposed to trust fate and believe that this person needs to die.\" Fox stayed silent and watched Wesley carefully. \"I don't know if I could do that.\" He admitted. \"Fox closed her eyes as if the final confession hurt to hear. She took a breath with her eyes closed as she debated whether or not she should give a real answer or brush it off. Sitting up, Fox opened her eyes, watching Wesley. After a short moment, she began to speak. \"About twenty years ago\" she began \"There was this girl. Her dad was a federal judge so she probably had it in her mind that she was going to follow in his footsteps. So she's home one Christmas and her dad's on this big racketeering case. The defendant wants to get a softer judge, one they can buy off. So, they hire this guy, Max Petrix; get him to pay her father a visit.\" Fox can hear her voice begin to shake so she takes a minute to catch her breath. She looks at Wesley, who is still lying on his back, as he watches her carefully, listening to her story. She had never told this story to anyone not had she ever planned on telling it. Not counting Sloan, no one even knew her real name, never mind her past. Normally, doing something that caused raw emotions like this were uncomfortable and, therefore avoided at all costs by Fox. Now, as she looked at Wesley, she felt oddly comfortable. Something in those eyes of his, those gorgeous blue eyes that finally shined, let her trust him. Completely trust him. At this moment, she wanted to tell him everything. \"And the way he pays people a visit\" she continued, ignoring her scratchy voice, \"Is to break in and tie up their loved ones and force them to watch, while he burns his targets alive.\" Another unsteady breath and Wesley sat up, facing her. The wind had his hair sticking out awkwardly but he didn't care. From the way he was looking at her, Fox doubted he even noticed the wind. Fox could feel her eyes fill up and it took everything she had to keep the tears from falling. \"And then he takes a wire hangar and twists it around and brands his initials in each one of them so they will never, ever forget.\" Fox looks past Wesley and scowls at nothing as she swallows. \"After I was recruited into the Fraternity, I found out that Max Petrix's name had come up weeks before the federal judge was killed and that a Fraternity member and failed to pull the trigger.\" This time, Wesley swallowed as he took in the words she was saying. \"We don't know how far the ripples of our decisions go.\" Fox explained her voice shakier than ever. \"You kill one and, maybe, you'll save a thousand. That's the code of the Fraternity. That's what we believe in and that's why we do it.\" Fox and Wesley stared at each other for a few moments, each with the same somber expression on their faces. Wesley hadn't even noticed that the train had slowed to a stop until Fox turned around and slid off, jogging away from where the people would be, before he even got off. What he did notice, when she slid off, was the spot on her neck where Max Petrix had branded his initials. Hope you liked it. Tell me what you think![Chapter 11] Disclaimer: I do not own Wanted A/N: I'm not sure what to make of this. I hadn't planned on writing anything today but I desperately needed a break from studying and I found myself adding another chapter. As usual, if I had any plan at all with this, I'm don't think I followed it. Hopefully I gave it justice. To angel2CA, Thank you so much for reviewing! I was actually planning on going on hiatus for a couple of weeks to focus on exams and because no one was reviewing. You're reviews will keep me updating (but that doesn't mean I'm not looking for other people to review, as well) ! I guess I'll answer each review one by one. Ch. 5: Thank you! I'll be sure to check your fic out. I have to go back to studying after this is posted but I promise I'll read it once I get the chance! Ch. 6: I agree. Thanks for the imput. Constructive Criticism is the best! Ch. 8: Thank you! Ch. 10: Ahh thank you! I can't even begin to tell you how much that means to me. I was extremely nervous about that chapter. I was afraid I hadn't done the pair justice or that I wasn't giving them the chemistry they deserved. To hear that you believed I portrayed it even better than the movie is amazing. Thank you, thank you, thank you! Chapter 11 - This Will Be Really Romantic If I Don't Accidently Kill You Wesley leaned over the ornate wooden table, with his gun in front of him. The Gunsmith stood behind him, with Sloan at his side, and Fox stood about a yard to Wesley's left. In his peripheral vision, Wesley could see Fox's eyes drop in disappointment as his bullet failed to curve. Suddenly, she looked up and slid around the boys, making her way in front of the pig. There she stood, looking directly into Wesley's eyes. \"Shoot the target.\" Wesley immediately straightened, as he took in what she was saying. He was at a loss for words but, thankfully, his companions were not. \"This is stupid, Fox.\" The Gunsmith warned, as Sloan called her name. \"I know what I'm doing.\" She answered irritably, tearing her eyes away from Wesley to make eye contact with Sloan. Finally, Wesley's brain began to function again. \"No way.\" He cried, with a vigorous shake of his head. \"Uh-uh. I am not shooting while you're there.\" \"Yes you are.\" Fox answered, flat as ever. \"No!\" Wesley screamed, panicked at what she was asking. Fox paused. She knew far too well that Wesley was stubborn. \"Fine\" she said bitterly. Fox unsnapped the leather holster at her hip and took out her own revolver. Pressing it against her temple, she said \"On three, either you shoot, or I do.\" There was a moment of absolute in the room as each of the boys in the room stared at Fox in shock. The Gunsmith, while he would never say it to Sloan or Fox, didn't have as strong a faith in Wesley as they did. Sure, he had improved over the past few weeks, but that didn't mean he could successfully complete the job at which the best failed. Now, Fox was asking for suicide. \"Fox\" Wesley began, begging her not to make him shoot. \"One.\" \"Fox, please.\" Fox tilted her head and shot him a glance that could make a grown man cower. Wesley took a breath and picked up his gun. Wesley looked at her again and watched her nod. It was the same nod she had used to assure him that so many things were okay. Looking back, none of them were. Hearing the click of his gun, Wesley thought about how gorgeous Fox looked. Wearing a casual, white blouse and a pair of brown slacks, anyone else would not have been anything outstanding. Fox, on the other hand, looked breathtaking. Her hair was done, dancing around her shoulder blades and pulled out of her beautiful eyes. Minimal make-up looked fantastic on her and she looked far too confident to be doing what she was doing. She was about to die. Wesley was about to unintentionally kill his best friend. \"This is crazy.\" He muttered, stepping away from the table. Wesley stepped toward the ugly wall and faced it, trying to control his breathing. He turned around and took a deep breath. Fox watched as Wesley tried to calm himself. After watching him take a deep breath, she took one herself, as if to show him it as okay. She trusted him. Bouncing on the balls of his feet, Wesley began to sprint toward the table and whipped hi gun around, pulling the trigger. Fox watched as a silver bullet sped toward her face. As the bullet got closer, the boys held their breaths, sure she was about to die. Fox knew she wouldn't. As fox had predicted, the bullet curved, piercing neither her nor the pig. The worst it did was tousle her hair a little. Perfect bull's eye. Sloan and the Gunsmith smiled happily. Sloan got up from his seat to pat Wesley on the shoulder and welcome him to the Fraternity. Any other moment, Wesley would have celebrated. Now, he did nothing but stare at Fox. He couldn't believe she had just done that. Fox watched Wesley carefully as he stared at her. She gave him a slight nod before turning away. She should be happy for him. Why wasn't she happy for him? Fox had thought that this was what she had wanted. She thought she wanted Wesley to be part of the team and kill Cross. Then, she realized it wasn't his becoming a member of the Fraternity that bothered her. She turned around to look at Wesley as he followed Sloan out the door, looking numb and uncertain. He had done the impossible when her life was at risk. For whatever reason, it was only then that Fox realized that she loved Wesley Gibson. And to make matters worse, he loved her too. Thank you for reading! Review Review Review.[Chapter 12] Disclaimer: I do not own Wanted A/N: This one is extremely short and, in my opinion, mediocre at best. I debated whether or not I should upload it for a while but I decided I might as well. I'll add another chapter to make up for this one's short length. Enjoy! To angel2CA: Well, I'm flattered you think so haha. Thank you! They definitely are a pain. Awesome, I'll try to read it tonight. And haha thank you, I hoped you guys would like that. Chapter 12 Fox kneeled by Wesley's side on the train rooftop, as it carried them to their intended spot. Wesley was on his first assignment. He was about to shoot his first kill. The nervous tension could be cut with a knife. She didn't know when but Sloan had taken Wesley to see the Loom. He had explained the way it worked and the way the Fraternity operated and had given Wesley the name of his first kill. Wesley didn't like the position he was in. he had thought he was with the Fraternity to kill Cross, not Robert Deane Darren. She knew he was remembering the story she had told him and she was glad that she told it. Judging by the way he felt now, Fox wasn't sure if he would have taken the shot if she hadn't. \"Fifth window\" Fox reminded Wesley, as the front of the train turned the corner. Shea waited until the time was right before say \"Now\". Wesley pointed his gun and saw the man in the white collared shirt, sitting at the end of the table. His target. He looked normal. He didn't look dangerous or evil. He did not look like he deserved to die. In fact, he looked like he was someone's lover. He may even have a kid or two, waiting for him to come home. Wesley released the trigger. Then, Wesley remembered Fox's story. He remembered the scar on her neck and Wesley took the shot. Wesley turned to see Fox and was greeted by a pleased grin. She had the most beautiful smile. Wesley thought she should show it more often. Hang in there. I'll update chapter 13 soon. Please, please review. It means a lot when you do. Don't be shy![Chapter 13] Disclaimer: I do not own Wanted A/N: As promised, chapter 13! This one turned out a little cuter then I had planned so I hope you guys like fluff. Chapter 13 Leather-clad once again, Fox followed Wesley down the ugly halls until they reached their intended destination. Inside the apartment he had lived in just a few weeks prior, the voice of Wesley's girlfriend could be heard. Because life was cruel, she was calling to Barry. Fox felt ice in her veins. She had hated Cathy before she even met Wesley. Being so hesitant to place trust in someone, Fox despised people who treated it lightly. She was utterly disgusted by unfaithfulness. Therefore, she had been utterly disgusted by Cathy. Now, she truly loathed the girl. She had taken advantage of Wesley's loneliness and misery. She was cold enough to be unfaithful to him, with his best friend, of all people. She had never given Wesley anything, at least not while Fox was doing surveillance. She had yelled and complained and blamed him for all sorts of things but she had never said anything nice to him. She didn't deserve him. Fox pushed the idea of jealousy out of her head. A sad smile appeared on Wesley's face as he recognized the voice from inside. The fact that Barry had moved into his apartment to be whit his girlfriend was a cold reminder of how miserably pathetic Wesley had been just a few weeks ago. He glanced at Fox quickly, who was leaning against the wall so as not to be seen, before knocking on the door. Yes, he recognized the irony in the fact he had to knock on his own door. Barry answered the door and flashed a toothless grin that made Wesley smile internally at the memory of knocking the tooth out. Barry only got a few words out before Wesley got sick of his voice and kicked the door down, sending Barry down, onto his back. Wesley stepped over Barry and grabbed a plastic bag before stepping into the bathroom as Cathy began to scream at him. He drowned her out. Fox didn't. \"Oh, look at the big man, you fucking ass hole!\" Cathy screamed. \"What? What? You don't show up for weeks and now you're just going to stop by and use the bathroom?\" Fox heard the door slam in Cathy's face and smiled. If only he had been able to do that a year ago. \"You are nothing.\" Cathy yelled through the door. \"No. You are less than nothing!\" The smile vanished from Fox's face as she heard Cathy's screams. She really, really hated Cathy but she cared about Wesley even more. The things she yelled at him hurt Fox as if she was saying them about her, rather than Wesley. \"You're not even half the man that Barry is!\" Cathy screamed. Enough is enough. A wicked idea send Fox striding through the doorway. Truthfully, she never spent much time on what she wore. She worse leather because it protected her. It was proficient. Now, she was glad she wore the leather for a completely different reason. Doing everything she could to make a few steps appear as sexy as possible, Fox caught the attention of everyone in the room, including Cathy. Wesley had successfully drowned Cathy out through this entire ordeal but Fox sent him back into alertness. She walked with a slight swing in her hips, something she had never done before, and a seductive grin on her lips. Her eyes glinted mischievously and Wesley's mind went blank. \"Who the hell is she Wesley?\" Cathy asked in disgust. \"You're new whore?\" Both Fox and Wesley droned the rest of Cathy's rant out as Fox stepped into a forceful kiss that almost made Wesley's knees give out. Fox had intended to make it a long, hard kiss; one that would piss of Cathy. Instead, it was short. Fox pulled away quickly after stepping in for the first kiss. She had expected it to be like every other kiss she had ever shared; nice, hot and meaningless. This was not one of those kisses. Fox broke away from the kiss quickly because it was the kind of kiss you see in movies and hear about in love songs. It was the kind of kiss that made the ground shake and put butterflies in her stomach. Fox had not expected that. With her hand still on his check, Fox stared at Wesley, shocked. A moment was spent between the two as they stared at each other in bewilderment. Then, Wesley smiled that goofy grin that told Fox what she needed to know. He felt it too. Before she even knew what she was doing, Fox found herself leaning in for a second kiss, a smile still on both of their faces. This one was slightly longer and a million times more passionate. They were prepared for the ground's shaking and butterflies this time and they embraced them. The feeling so powerful; Fox didn't understand how the entire world didn't feel what she felt. Then, she remembered where she was The couple broke the kiss and smile brightly at each other. Fox took a step back, taking his hand in hers and pulled him out the door. She didn't even hear Cathy as she called Wesley's name. As Fox and Wesley climbed down the dirty stairs and out the building, Fox felt like a teenage girl at prom. Or, at least what she thought a teenage girl at prom would feel like. Having never attended prom or been a normal teenage girl, she didn't know. Nevertheless, Fox felt downright giddy. Looking back, Fox didn't think she could ever use the word giddy to describe how she felt before now. With his hand in hers and the taste of his lips on her mouth, she wanted to tell the entire world how she felt. Fox could feel Wesley's gaze on the back of her neck and she smiled slightly. Wesley missed the last step and ungracefully slid to the pavement, causing Fox to turn around. \"You alright?\" she asked. \"Yeah.\" He answered, with a small laugh \"Yeah I'm good.\" \"Go sit down, I'm going to find a car.\" Fox instructed, trying her best to contain herself. Neither knew that Cross had been watching them. Review! Review! Review! Review![Chapter 14] Disclaimer: I do not own Wanted. A/N: Sorry for not updating for a while. Life's been pretty insane. Anyways, this one is pretty long and, in my opinion, gets a bit better as it goes. Thanks for the reviews and such. Keep them coming! Hadex: Glad youl liked it! It is a great movie. I did the same thing after watching it but was disappointed by the lack of stories, especially the lack of Fox. I have no doubt that theree are mistakes. My grammar and spelling are atrocious and none of the beta-readers I contacted responded. Sorry about any mistakes. And do not worry. I wrote the end of this fic before I wrote the end. Its actually interesting that you should suggest such a think haha. I hope you'll like it when it comes! Chapter 14 Finding a seat on an ugly couch, which had been wisely disposed of outside of the apartment building, Wesley's thoughts about the kiss were interrupted, as he felt someone looking at him. Looking up, Wesley recognized the grizzly face of Cross. \"Shit!\" Wesley cried, jumping to his feet and crouching behind a car as he unholstered his gun. He took a shot, which Cross deflected, by hitting it with his own bullet. Wesley followed Cross as he ran out of the alley and crossed the busy city street. Hopping on to the hood of a car, Wesley shot at Cross and missed. As the car screeched to a halt, Wesley hopped off and sprinted after his target, ignoring the sound of metal crunching, horns honking, and people screaming vulgarity, as he caused a messy car crash. Wesley weaved his way through the alley with ease, relying on the strength and agility developed in the week of training to catch up to Cross. Making his way out of the alley, Wesley saw Cross making his way up a large stair case. Where the stairs led, Wesley didn't know. Truthfully, he didn't care. All he cared about was catching his target. Climbing the staircase and turning a corner, Wesley opened fire as Cross' silhouette became harder and harder to see. Halting to a stop, Wesley realized he didn't know where Cross was. Paranoia swept over him as he recognized how vulnerable he was and cursed himself for being so stupid. Turning around, Wesley sprinted down yet another turn, not knowing where it would lead him. Wesley inched his way forward, pressing his body against the filthy wall as the sound of footsteps bounced off the walls. He fumbled with his gun, until he had it cocked and ready, and took a breath. Wesley whipped his body around the turn, expecting to find Cross, and saw nothing. He spun around, his eyes shooting in every possible direction; no sign of him. Wesley struggled to control the panic that was overcoming him. Time began to slow down substantially and Wesley was sure he was going to die. He had foolishly followed an outstandingly skilled assassin, who wanted his head, into an environment he knew nothing of. To make matters worse, he had lost sight of him and had nowhere to hide. \"Don't move.\" Came the raspy voice of Cross from the dark. Wesley had to consciously remind himself not to scream as he heard the demand but swallowed his fear. \"Cross?\" he called, successfully sounding far more confident than he was. \"Quit hiding Cross!\" \"Don't move.\" Cross repeated in an agitated calmness that sent chills up Wesley's spine. He had seen Wesley lift his gun, aiming at nothing, but looking threatening while doing it. \"Get out of the fucking shadows!\" Wesley screamed. The next few seconds felt like hours. Wesley pulled the trigger, shooting in every direction furiously, after he finished his call. Not knowing where Cross was had him shooting at absolutely nothing but Cross knew where he was. In a second, Cross had pulled his own trigger, sending a single bullet into Wesley's hand, causing him to drop the gun and scream in agony. \"I told you not to move.\" Cross explained angrily. Maybe it was the blood loss or maybe it was the fact that he was operating on pure adrenaline but Wesley found himself taunting the skilled assassin with a gun pointed at him. \"You're a coward Cross!\" he spat. \"You can't even look into a person's eyes before you kill them.\" Silence on Cross' end forced Wesley to continue. \"I've studied you Cross. I've studied every move you've ever made. I know the name of every person you've killed and where and how you did it. You shoot from a distance or booby trap you're victims. Never have you…\" Wesley broke off as Cross slowly stepped into sight, a gun in his hand. He circled Wesley, watching him intently, until he was directly in front of him, standing about fifteen feet away. \"Continue\" he said calmly. Wesley remained silent as he tried to decide on his next move. He thought about using the combat training. He thought about lunging at Cross but knew that would only get him shot again. Even so, he'd probably kill him anyways. He might as well die trying. Wesley looked at the man in front of him. His dark hair was sticking out awkwardly, looking reminiscent of Wesley's hair when he wasn't drenched in sweat. The grizzle on his cheek and chin complimented his hair, making him look wild and unstable. He had the strong, lean build of an assassin and his posture was slightly slouched. The combination made him look dangerous. It was as if he had spent too much time doing what he was doing. He had lost the thrill in the kill. It was twice as terrifying as it would have been if he still enjoyed it. Cross' blue eyes were empty and lifeless. They were the eyes of a cold blooded killer. \"You killed my father.\" Wesley found himself say. Cross laughed. \"Did I, now?\" he asked with an amused grin. \"Huh.\" Wesley didn't bother trying to control the adrenaline as one of his attacks began. He watched as the man in front of him laughed over the death of his father. He was furious. He wanted to rip Cross' head off. He heaved at Cross as he laughed, his arms out and his head thrown back as he cackled maniacally. He looked absolutely insane. He was a dangerous man, holding a gun, laughing over another's man's death. Wait. He looked…vulnerable. Wesley lunged, smashing into the thick body of Cross, taking him off guard. The men came crashing to the ground, giving Wesley the advantage. As he crouched over him, Wesley viciously swung at Cross, breaking his nose easily. Unfortunately, Cross had been through the same training and was even stronger. Despite his broken nose, Cross flipped over so that Wesley was under him, and got to his feet. Cross grabbed Wesley by the collar of his shirt and threw him into the wall across from them. Wesley slammed into the cement with such force he heard his bones pop and crack. Wesley collapsed to the ground, as pain in his shoulder joined the pain in his hand. He struggled to lift himself up, as Cross picked the gun up form off the floor. \"You're a fool, Wesley.\" Cross stated, pointing the gun at him. Wesley looked up and saw the gun pointed at him. He had no hope and Wesley found himself accepting the fact that he was about to die. His own gun was lying on the floor about thirty feet away and he knew that at least one of his rips was broken. That added with the myriad of other injuries kept him from going after the much more able, older man for a second time. This was it. Wesley was going to die. Wesley thought about his mom. She hadn't been around much throughout his childhood and he had lost contact with her when Wesley moved away to college. He had nothing but hate for his mother when he was a teenager and she had faded into a faint memory over the years. Now, as he faced the barrel of the gun that was going to kill him, Wesley wished he had called her. She had given him a bed to sleep on and made sure he ate every meal. She remembered his birthday every year and always made a point of getting him something for Christmas, despite their financial situation. Looking back, Wesley saw no reason to have as much hate for her as he did. He wished he had called. Wesley could hear footsteps as his mind wondered. They were deep inside a maze of alley roads and abandoned buildings. It was probably a homeless man or a stoner startled by the sound of voices. He hoped whoever it was would leave. Cross would kill him or her if he found them. Wesley thought about Cathy and Barry. He wondered if they would have the decency to think about him. Would they come to his funeral? Would they cry over his death? Would they care at all? More footsteps. Wesley shifted his thoughts to the Fraternity. He thought about the Repairman and the Gunsmith. He was never close to either but he had developed a respect for them each. He wondered if they felt the same respect towards him. Wesley thought about the Butcher and his merciless taunts. They had begun to enjoy their sessions together. As Wesley's skills increased, the Butcher had found himself against an even opponent and the fights called for more skill and endurance. Wesley wondered if the Butcher would miss their training. He thought about Sloan and began to feel guilty. They had expected so much from him and Sloan had been confident he would do what they needed him to do. He was a disappointment. The footsteps were even closer. Wesley found himself thinking about the Exterminator. For a while, he had been the only friends Wesley had ever made. He had been the only person who had every trusted him completely and the first person Wesley trusted with ease. He thought about the conversations they had, the things the Exterminator had shown him. Wesley wished he had known the Exterminator longer. Despite his best efforts, Wesley began to think about Fox. She was so beautiful. He thought about their train rides and the game they would play. Would she still ride that train after he was gone? He hoped she would. Fox loved that train. As ironic as it sounds, it was one of the only places Wesley had ever seen her completely relaxed. He didn't want her to lose that. He thought about their sparring sessions and the meals they ate together. She was his best friend. He wished he could have completed his mission, for her more than anything. He wanted to make her proud. God, he wanted to make her proud. The footsteps were so loud; Wesley thought he had to be imagining them. Wesley's mind took him back inside his old apartment and he realized it had only been about five minutes before. It felt like a lifetime ago. He remembered the feel of her lips on his. He loved Fox. He wished he could tell her. He wished they had more time. \"I expected more of you.\" Wesley managed to straighten slightly. \"You can't hurt me\" he muttered. It really was a ridiculous comment, seeing as to the state he was in. With at least one broken rib, something seriously wrong with his left shoulder, a bloody, probably broken, nose, a hand with a gunshot wound, and more bruises and cuts than he had earned in his visits to the Butcher and Repairman combined, it looked like Cross was fully capable of hurting him. Pointing a gun at Wesley, he looked especially capable. The footsteps were impossible loud and Wesley was sure he was crazy. He refused to look away from Cross, though. He felt like there was a certain honor in dying while looking into the eyes of the killer. Looking down was cowardly. Wesley wanted to die with his head held high. \"Can't I?\" Cross asked with a terrifying smirk. Moving quicker than Wesley could see Cross turned to his right and shot, jumping over the edge of the balcony a second after. In the time it took Cross to perform each action, Wesley turned his head to see what he had shot. There, on the ground and covered in blood, was the Exterminator. Wesley rushed to his friend's side, forgetting about Cross for the time being. \"Ex-\" he cried, leaning over him. \"Bulls eye\" the Exterminator moaned hoarsely. \"Come on, stay with me.\" Wesley begged. \"My name is Ivan.\" The exterminator stated before coughing up a mouthful of blood. \"Dammit, stay with me!\" Wesley screamed. \"I come to help you.\" The Exterminator, who was apparently named Ivan, explained. \"N-not your fault. I too loud.\" \"You good man.\" Ivan stated. \"Good friend.\" It was the last sentence that really broke Wesley. \"You good for her.\" And with that, Ivan went limp. Alright, that's that. Tell me what you think![Chapter 15] Disclaimer: I do not own Wanted A/N: Sorry for not updating in a while. I've been away visiting family. This one's very short. I didn't actually realize how short it was until I added it and saw the word count haha. I'll try to add another chapter today but don't hold me to it. Chapter 15 Fox ran as fast as her legs would take her, with her colleagues at her side. The Gunsmith had called in to tell the team that he had seen Wesley sprinting across South Clarke Street with his gun out and caused a major car crash. Fox, who wasn't at the Fraternity headquarters at the time, was the last to know that anything was wrong. In fact, she still wouldn't know if it hadn't been for the fact that she had found a car and driven to South Clarke Street to pick Wesley up and found herself looking and over twenty totaled cars and the Gunsmith, Repairman and Butcher weaving in and out of the scene, guns out. She immediately knew Wesley was in trouble. Before her car had even come to a stop, she had grabbed a gun, opened the door and sprinted out to reach her colleagues. Meeting them, she demanded an explanation, which the Gunsmith delivered, adding that the Exterminator had been nearby when the Gunsmith called and trailed Wesley's footsteps. The group sprinted down the alley road and tried their best to figure out which turns Wesley made before they heard Wesley's voice. Just a foot behind the faster Repairman, Fox ran up the giant stair case and sprinted through the twisting halls of the cement building, trying to find the source of his voice. \"Cross!\" Wesley's voice screamed, bouncing off the walls and floors, making it impossible to track him down. The sound of bullets made Fox's stomach turn and she felt outstandingly helpless. \"Cro…\" Wesley's voice began before the sound of a gunshot cut him off. Fox picked a direction and sprinted down it, sending her team following after her. For all she knew, Fox could be getting further away from Wesley but she needed to be doing something. She couldn't just stand there. Thanks for reading. Hope you liked it. Please review.[Chapter 16] Disclaimer: I do not own Wanted. A/N: Look at that! Two chapters in one day. Another short one. I'm a little hesitant about this one because I'm afriad I went too far out of character with Fox. You're opinion is appreciated. Hope you like it. Chapter 16 Fox's knees almost gave out when she saw the bloody bodies lying on the cement floor, neither belonging to Cross. As the Repairman crouched over the Exterminator and the Gunsmith circled the hall, gun out, Fox sprinted to Wesley's side. \"Wesley?\" she whispered hoarsely as her hands reached his bloody face. \"W-Wesley?\" She could hear the voices of the Repairman and the Gunsmith but they morphed into the background. \"Wesley!\" she screamed as he didn't answer. She didn't care about how the boys' heads whipped around at the sound of her voice. At this moment, she didn't care about anything but Wesley. \"Dammit Wesley, wake up!\" she screamed again. \"Wes-!\" she tried, her voice breaking off, as she found herself sobbing pathetically. Fox took a handful of his bloody shirt, needing to hold on to something as her CPR training returned to her mind. She didn't care about the blood on her lips as she breathed into his mouth or the fact that his bloody jacket was ruining her clothes. She just wanted to see his eyes open. \"1, 2, 3\" she counted out loud, pushing on his chest until she got to thirty compressions. Two large breaths into his moth were followed by another thirty compressions. The sound of voices and footsteps blended together and Fox ignored them until the feel of the Gunsmith's arm on her shoulder made her jump. \"We need to get him back to the Recovery Room.\" He said carefully. He knew there was something between Fox and Wesley; everyone knew. Even so, he hadn't expected it to be strong enough to get her as hysterical as she was now and it scared him. The Gunsmith knew as well as anyone that Fox was dangerous when she was emotional. She was unpredictable and hostile. He did not want to be on the receiving end of those emotions. Fox paused. It would take time to get there and she didn't want to risk it. Then again, her CPR wasn't waking him up and the Recover Room was there best bet. \"Fine.\" So that's that. Tell me what you think. Too much for Fox?[Chapter 17] Disclaimer: I do not own Wanted A/N: Sorry about not updating. I thought I had added this two days ago but, obviously, didn't. Life has gotten a little crazy on my end. My teachers are merciless when it comes to exams and my social life, as upside down as it is, has been rather busy. Plus, I impulsively decided to join the school newspaper and those articles take up a ton of time! Anyways, I hope you guys like this. I'm personally not sure what I think about it. Hadex: I'm glad you liked it! Thanks for the reviews! Chapter 17 Wesley woke up in a panic. Sitting up so quickly his head hurt, Wesley gasped for breath, expecting to feel the uncontrollable pain he had felt before. Instead, thanks to the Recover Room bath in which he was lying, he gasped and splashed and felt a little sore to say to most. His ribs protested at the sudden movement but not to the point that he had to double over and his shoulder and hand burned from where they had been shot. Besides that, he felt okay. Turning his head, he saw Fox, lying on a towel. His splashing woke her up and as he watched as she groggily reached consciousness, Wesley did a double take. She was dressed in a pair of oversized sweatpants and a large t-shirt and her hair was frizzed and knotted. Fox opened her eyes slowly before realizing her surroundings and shooting up as quickly as Wesley had. \"Wesley\" she whispered, her eyes wide. Wesley didn't know how much time had passed since he had kissed her but he guessed it to be a few days by Fox's appearance. Her normally effortless beauty was replaced by an unkempt, wild mask. Her skin was pale and she looked thinner than usual. Her hands shook unnaturally and her eyes were red and sunken. She was an absolute mess. \"Hi\" he answered weakly. Fox stared at him for a few seconds before reaching out and holding his face in her hands. Wesley watched as she stared at him, reassuring herself that he was really there. Suddenly, Fox ended the moment by doing one of the last things Wesley had expected. Grabbing him by his wet sweater and pulling up so that his torso was out of the water, Fox wrapped him into a tight hug. Fox and Wesley held onto each other as if their lives depended on it, silently remembering how it feels to think they'd never see the other again. After a few minutes, the pair released each other. \"What happened?\" Fox asked quietly, looking down at Wesley as he situated himself back into the tub, obeying his ribs' request. \"Um\" Wesley began, before explaining his side of the story. He began after Fox left to get a car and ended Cross killing the Exterminator. He didn't tell her about his short conversation with the Exterminator or about how Cross curved the bullet from the ground and shot him in the shoulder, only because he found himself getting choked up and refused to cry in front of her. Fox took a breath and picked up the story from her side. She told him how she had found the team running down the halley and how she had joined them. She told him about how they traced his steps up the stairs and how she had heard him screaming Cross' name and the gunshots. She told him about finding his unconscious body but didn't talk about how she went hysterical. She was far too proud to admit to that. When Fox mentioned the Exterminator, Wesley was about to ask about him when she caught his expression. \"He didn't make it.\" She said quietly. She had known the Exterminator for eyars and his unwavering happiness had made life at the Fraternity much easier. She had seen men leave the Fraternity and come back in a body bag more times than she could count but the death of the Exterminator stung. She wouldn't be able to brush it off as she had with the others. Neither would Wesley. Wesley's jaw clenched as his eyes spoke for him. \"By the time we got to you, he was already dead.\" Fox explained. \"There was nothing we could do.\" After a moment, Wesley nodded his head grimly. \"Cross?\" he asked, after a few seconds had passed. Fox shook her head. Wesley lifted his arm out of the bath and rested it on the gray tile, letting Fox silently take his hand in hers. They sat there silently, letting the time pass. \"His name was Ivan.\" Wesley almost whispered. \"Who's?\" Fox asked. \"The Exterminator, his name was Ivan.\" And they talked about Ivan until the sun rose. And now I have homework to finish, songs to practice , and class to attend. Thanks for reading. I hope you guys liked it. Tell me what you think.[Chapter 18] Disclaimer: I do not own Wanted or The Matrix. A/N: This chapter is clearly a result of my exhaustion. Whether that is a good thing or not, I'm not sure. Tell me what you think! Hadex: Thank you! PureDNA: Thanks for all the reviews! They really mean a lot! Chapter 19 Wesley sat behind an ornate wooden desk, studying the bullet he had pulled out of his own shoulder that morning, under a microscope. \"This bullet,\" he said, lifting it up to show Sloan, who stood before him, and Fox, who leaned against the wall across form him, \"Is the first traceable bullet he's ever used.\" Wesley handed the bullet to Sloan and picked up a gritty picture of an aging man. \"It was made by this man. His name's Pekwarsky. He works out of what is now a monastery in Eastern Arabia.\" He said, picking up a picture of the monastery. \"This place is where the Fraternity was born.\" Wesley put the pictures away as he stole a glance at Fox. They had departed after their long, mournful conversation about the Exterminator, who had become known as Ivan amongst the two, and went to bed. She had left before he had woken up and he hadn't seen her all day, until now. She had cleaned herself up. Her hair was no longer a knotted disaster but was combed and pinned back, out of her eyes. She had replaced the tear stains with a quick tab of makeup, just enough to bring out the green of her eyes. Now, she was leaning against the wall, with her arms crossed, as she listened to Wesley's speech. Her eyes were sad and her lips were pulled into a scowl. Wesley didn't think much of it, assuming she was upset about Ivan's death. From the moment Fox walked into the room, she knew something was wrong. She had known Sloan for nearly ten years and had developed a skill, which allowed her to read him like a book. Every now and then, there would be a look in his eyes that would make her stomach churn. He had that look today and she didn't like it. \"He's taunting me.\" Wesley stated, sounding both scared and angry. \"He's sending me a message and I'm going to send him one back.\" It wasn't a question. It wasn't a request. It was a statement. Fox didn't like where this was going. She caught Sloan's eye as he turned to her, begging him not to allow whatever it was that Wesley wanted. \"He's trapping you.\" She said knowingly, her lips pursed and eyes narrowed. \"Leading you to a place he knows very well.\" Sloan finished as Fox crossed her arms. \"Look, I know this.\" Wesley said getting up from his seat. \"This is what you trained me for.\" Cross lifted his eyes to look at Wesley. \"You can't go alone.\" \"I go alone or he doesn't show.\" Wesley answered quickly. \"He's not stupid.\" Fox lifted her eyes to look at Wesley. He ignored her glance as she silently begged him to stop. She knew that if he left, he'd come back in a body bag if he came back at all. \"A member of the Fraternity is dead because of me.\" There. He said it. Fox know how Wesley was feeling. There had been times when the same anger, the same pain, boiled in her own veins, the same bloodlust had haunted her thoughts. She knew what it was like to want someone dead, as badly as Wesley wanted to kill Cross. She also knew how badly Cross wanted him dead. With his back to Fox, she couldn't see Sloan's expression, so his words came as a shock to her. \"Okay,\" he said \"Go.\" Fox's mouth opened to remark and she had to remind herself to shut up, as Wesley thanked Sloan, took the file, and left the room. She waited until the second door closed behind Wesley before Fox opened her mouth. With her face down to hide the fury in her eyes, she spoke as calmly as she could.. \"I don't think that's a good idea.\" Fox knew that Sloan knew that he had just sent Wesley on a suicide mission. She couldn't believe he had done it. She could feel her blood boiling in her veins as she struggled to keep calm. Without looking at her, Sloan handed a paper to her. It was almost identical to the paper he had just handed Wesley, except for the name. Fox read the name five times before her brain finally accepted that she had read it right. Then, her stomach churned so furiously that she felt nauseous and she struggled to keep her balance. \"You're next assignment.\" Sloan said calmly. Fox just stared at the paper, reading the name over and over again. It was a name she knew as well as her own. In fact, just yesterday she had fantasized herself taking that name. She had thought Mrs. Wesley Gibson had a certain ring to it. Thanks for reading! Please review. -G[Chapter 19] Disclaimer: I do not own Wanted. And I think I said in the last chapter that I don't own the Matrix. While I don't own the Matrix either, that really had absolutely nothing to do with this fic. It was a result of my exhaustion and the fact I was writing a chapter for both of my fics (the other one having a matrix reference). Sorry about that. A/N: Study breaks are beautiful because you get all your homework done, as much studying as your brain can hold, and another half hour to yourself. That means I get to write a quick chapter with out being exhausted! Anyways, this one is short and a bit boring but necessary. I'm excited for the chapters to come! Hope you guys like it. PureDNA: Lol I wouldn't go THAT far but I'm glad you liked it. And haha I'm not exactly sure what mainstream means in these terms but I hope you like how this turns out. Hadex: Chapter 19 Wesley opened the door and stepped into the room without waiting for an invitation. Inside, he recognized a loom similar to that at the modern Fraternity headquarters. He took a few steps inside before he noticed the man sitting a few yards away. Slowly, the man got up and hurried away from Wesley. Wesley sprinted after Pekwarsky, gun out. He passed through the chapel and into a hallway, where he noticed an open door leading to a dark room. Feeling overconfident, Wesley entered the dark room, making himself vulnerable to what came next. \"Shit\" he said, slowly backing out of the room as the barrel of a gun was pressed into his forehead. \"What are you doing here?\" Pekwarsky asked quietly. Wesley was about to answer with a smart remark when a familiar voice silenced him. \"Lower your gun.\" Fox said, just as quietly, pressing her own gun into the back of Pekwarsky's head. Pekwarsky paused before finally lowering his gun and allowing Fox to take it from him. Wesley glared at her, trying to translate every swear word he knew as he sighed loudly. Deciding this wasn't the time to argue with her, he swallowed and showed Pekwarsky the bullet. \"You recognize this? He asked gruffly, \"I pulled this out of my shoulder. The guy who put it there killed my father. Now, I know you molded it, so tell me where he is.\" Pekwarsky took a breath before answering. \"I did mold this but I can't be responsible for the people he used them…\" Pekwarsky cut short as Wesley pulled out his gun. \"I don't give a shit. Tell me where he is.\" Pekwarsky hesitated before Wesley told him to look at his finger, which was just a twitch away from blowing his brains out. \"I can try to arrange a meet.\" Pekwarsky said grimly. That's all Wesley needed to hear. Hope you liked it. Please review :)[Chapter 20] Disclaimer: I do not own Wanted. A/N: Another study break chapter! Don't you love how teachers all assign crazy amounts of work at the same time? Anyways, I hope you like it. Tell me what you think! Hadex: Hahaha thanks! PureDNA: Thank you! Chapter 20 Wesley and Fox hid behind a wall as Pekwarsky tried to blend in at the crowded train station. Recognizing how ridiculous the situation was, Wesley asked Fox a question. He was still mad at her from coming and, judging by the way she had been acting, she seemed to be mad it him as well. That didn't stop him from asking the question. \"Did you ever think about doing things differently?\" he asked. \"How do you mean?\" she asked without looking at him. \"You know,\" he began, not sure how to describe what he meant, \"Be somebody else?\" he turned to look at her. \"Somebody normal?\" Fox looked down for a few seconds before looking up at Wesley. Fox thought about it every day. She thought about it every time a new member was added to the Fraternity. She thought about it every time she left the headquarters and tried to blend in with the crowd. She thought about it every time she picked her outfit for the day and every time she held her gun. She thought about it every time she saw Wesley. The idea haunted her thoughts. \"No.\" she lied stoically. The assassins looked back to Pekwarsky to find him running in the opposite direction. \"Shit.\" Wesley spat, pushing the door and sprinting after him. With Fox at his side, Wesley pushed and shoved his way through the busy crowd, not carin about who he knocked down or anything, for that matter, except catching Pekwarsky. Pekwarsky was his way to Cross. He needed him. Wesley ran, operating on pure adrenaline, until he came to an abrupt stop. He had just run past an open door on a train cart and it took a moment to recognize the face of the man in the doorway. He knew that face. It had haunted his dreams ever since he met Fox at the pharmacy. He had thought about that face every time he swung a punch and every time he shot a gun. He knew that face better than he knew his own. He obsessed over that face. That face belonged to Cross. Spinning around, Wesley sprinted in the opposite direction, not bothering to take the time to alert Fox. Throwing the doorman out of his way, Wesley burst through the train door and tried to find Cross. Hope you liked it. Please review! -G[Chapter 21] Disclaimer: I do not own Wanted. A/N: Sorry about not updating in ages. I'd love to update every day but, because my schedule is insane, expect irrefular updates. Because I'm in study at school and I have five minutes left, I didn't have much time to really edit so I'm sorry for any mistakes. Besides that, I hope you guys like it! PureDNA: Haha thanks! I'm sorry about my horrible updating schedule. Hadex: Will do! Glad you like it :) Chapter 21 Realizing that Wesley was no longer at her side, Fox slowed to a stop. Fox spun around to see a small group of tourists help a conductor to his feet as the train started down the tracks. She knew Wesley was on that train and she knew the only explanation for that involved Cross. Shit. Fox ran out of the train station, forgetting about Pekwarsky and slid inside a tourist's car as he unloaded his bands from the trunk. She ignored his shouts as she sped away from him, trying to catch up with the train. Focusing on the train, she tried to find Wesley. Fox was a trained assassin and a good one at that. In nearly ten years at the Fraternity, she had never missed a target. She recognized the affect her presence would have at the Fraternity. She knew she both feared and venerated amongst her colleagues. She heard their whispers and felt their stares. Fox was elite. Fox was legendary. Now, Fox was making amateur mistakes. She needed to find Wesley Fox swerved to avoid a crash, forcing her attention to driving, as a few other cars joined her on the dirt road. Glancing back, she found him. Fuck she thought as she saw Wesley make his way down the train aisle, gun out and screaming something to someone. Assassins were supposed to be stealthy and he had already caught the attention of the entire train station as well as the train. He needed to spend more time in training. He was making immature mistakes and juvenile decisions. He was going to get himself killed. Fox nearly jumped out of her seat as she saw Wesley's body slam against the window, arms, which she assumed belonged to Cross, wrapped around him. Fox pointed her gun, trying to steady herself enough to be able to shoot one man and not the other. Taking the shot, she swore under her breath as Cross ducked; bringing both men down so that neither were at the receiving end of the bullet. Fox sped up as she watched Cross sprint to the next cart, Wesley following a few seconds later. Fox lost sight of the men as the train tracks began to hide behind shrubs and trees, separating itself from the road. Seeing no other option, Fox swerved left, hacking through the shrubs and slamming the stolen car through the train, interrupting the shootout between Wesley and Cross. Fox's vision went blank for a second after her head slammed against the steering wheel. She could feel blood trickling down her temple and there was a searing pain at the right corner of her forehead at the hairline. Recognizing the leather-clad maniac driver and understanding her intentions, Cross shot at her. For a second, Fox actually thought she was going to die. She was covered in debris and her mind was operating at the speed of a snail, thanks to the forceful contact with the steering wheel. She had no way to deflect the bullet or get out of its way. Fox was going to die. Then, Wesley shot Cross' bullet out of the air, saving her life, and hopped over the crushed hood of the car to cover behind a seat as he reloaded. Unbeknownst to the three assassins, their train was seconds away from entering a tight tunnel. Both men silently tried to regain their breath and reloaded their weapon, ignoring the presence of the blood stained beauty that had crashed a stolen car into the train, interrupting their fight to the death. It wasn't until they entered the tunnel that the men were forced to acknowledge her. The back end of the car crashed into the tunnel wall, shaking the car vigorously. The already bloodied and battered Fox slammed into the car walls as the men ducked out from their hiding place and shot at each other. An attendant made the fatal mistake of pulling the emergency break, oblivious to the car part that had wedged itself into the train wheels. Wesley hopped over the car and slid open the door, trying to locate Cross, who had disappeared in the confusion. Because the assassins' lives could never be easy, the train had begun to derail, sending carts on their way into the water and slamming people, including Wesley, into walls as they plunged toward an untimely death. Recognizing the situation, Fox shook herself free from the debris and climbed out of the car and held on to a train window, gripping it with her life, as the carts slammed against the cliff wall. Ignoring the fact that her head had been thigh had been gouged with glass and her vision was still fuzzy from the impact, Fox began to climb up the train, using the windows as a rock wall, trying to get to Wesley and Cross. Fox panicked as the train dropped about fifty feet before catching itself again. She continued to climb, trying to use fear as a drive and not as a haunt. As an assassin, she faced death almost daily. If she wasn't killing she was learning how to kill, practicing and training so that she would never miss a target. Using her past as drive, it was easy. She had been able to rationalize the progression and forced herself into an exhausting routine to ensure that no one would have to go through what she had. With the skills developed through this training, she had lived the past decade almost as if she was indestructible. She had never been put in a position where she was forced to really think about her own death. She had been shot at, occasionally, in times like before, in times of extreme vulnerability. Even then, she wasn't given enough time to ponder over her own death, to fight for survival. Now, as Fox fought as hard as she could, Fox realized she wasn't ready to die. Fox realized that she wanted more out of life than fear and anger. She wanted to allow herself to make friends. She wanted to find a place that made her happy and didn't involve training. She wanted to decide on her favorite ice cream flavor and she wanted to have a group of friends she could talk to about boys and celebrities. She wanted to love and she wanted to be loved. Fox wanted to live. Then, almost all of the train plunged into the water thousands of feet below them and everyone inside died. Bells ringing. Got to go. Hope you like it. -G[Chapter 22] Disclaimer: I do not own Wanted. A/N: Short but necessary. Hopefully I get another chapter up before the day ends. Thanks for the subscriptions! PureDNA: lol thanks! I'm glad you're liking it! Hadex: Thank you! And haha the end was written months ago! Hopefully you'll like it when it comes :) Chapter 22 Wesley was not in a comfortable position. As he held onto the train, dangling over a river thousands of feet below him, things were looking pretty grim. He hadn't killed Cross. He had failed and he was going to die before he could try again. He wasn't ready to die. He had so much he wanted to accomplish. But, as Wesley thought about it, he was closer to being ready than he had been a few months ago. If he died now, he would die as Wesley Gibson and he would bear the name proudly. He would be a person, be somebody, rather than the blue eyes screw-up he had been for most of his life. He would die knowing that he had accomplished things. He had made friends- real friends –who actually cared about him. He had done the impossible and he had developed skills you couldn't imagine. He had kissed the most beautiful girl in the world. Twice. He had loved the most beautiful girl in the world and he had become somebody. He had lived a decent life. If only he had killed Cross. Then, the last thing Wesley expected happened; something that was far too good to be true. Wesley gripped the car with everything he had but it hadn't been enough. The cart dropped another few feet, threatening to drop completely, shaking Wesley off it. Just as he had begun a drop to a cold, wet death, someone caught him. Wesley looked up at the person who had saved his life and thought he was hallucinating. He blinked a few times, unable to rub his eyes, before accepting that his eyes weren't playing games on him. He had, in fact, been saved by the man who had been trying to kill him minutes prior; the man he had been trying to kill prior. He had been saved by Cross. Then, Wesley unholstered his gun and shot the man who saved his life in the chest. Alrighty. I'm going to try to write another chapter. Hopefully it will be longer. Thanks for reading! Pleasee review! -G[Chapter 23] Disclaimer: I do not own Wanted. A/N: Two in one day! I'm on a roll :P. I really had no idea how to do this with Fox (you'll understand once you get there) so I hope I did it well. Tell me your opinions. Would you have done it differently? Chapter 23 The cart dropped, pulling both Cross and Wesley inside, as it crashed into the cliff wall and wedged itself in between both walls. Fox, who had just barely made it inside the cart and climbed in by the time Wesley had been saved by Cross, stayed hidden behind a seat as Wesley made his way to Cross' side, pointing his gun at the dying man. She focused on catching her breath and calming her heartbeat, ripping the fabric of her pants to examine her bloodied thigh until something Cross said caught her attention. \"Everything they told you is a lie.\" He croaked. He was feeding Wesley bull, trying to turn him against the Fraternity. Wesley was smart though; he wouldn't believe anything he was told. He wouldn't fall for Cross' lies. To Fox's relief, Wesley spat profanity at Cross, refusing to hear anything he said. \"You are my son.\" Fox's head jerked up so fast she lost her balance and fell onto her wounded thigh, letting out a small whimper. The men were too focused on Cross' statement to even notice. Fox was sure she heard that wrong. There was no way it could be true. She had known Wesley's father. He had been a Fraternity member and a good one at that. They had trained together. He had told stories about his son. He had… Wait. He had told stories about his son. Wesley's father, her Wesley's father, had left when he was seven days old, never to return. The man she believed to be Wesley's father visited his son whenever he could. He had known his son. He… He had lied to her. Fox felt nauseous as she realized how stupid she had been. Mr. X had led her to believe that he was Wesley's father. Why had he done that? Fox stood up slowly as she made the realization she didn't want to make. There was only one reason Mr. X would lie about his son. Sloan had been involved. \"Is it true?\" Wesley asked when he saw her. Tell me he lied Wesley silently begged. Tell me he lied and I didn't just kill my father. Tell me- \"Yes.\" Fox answered, not knowing what else to say. As she unwillingly began to see things in a new light, things began to make sense. Why would a Fraternity member go rogue? What would he get for killing the good guys? Nothing. Now, what if the rogue assassin wasn't killing the good guys? What if he, in fact, was the good guy and his targets were the bad guys? What if Sloan had a secret that Cross had discovered; a dark secret Cross couldn't live with? Then, going rogue would be rational. Sloan would have named Cross a psychopath gone rogue and sent the best after him. Eliminating Cross would ensure that his secret, whatever it is, was kept. Now, cross is a highly skilled professional killer, fully capable of taking any one he wants out. Sloan couldn't send any of his men out of they would have ended up like Ian. No, he had to send out the only person Cross wouldn't hurt; Wesley. The realization made her knees weak but Fox kept her stoic expression, hoping her bloodied face made her look intimidating rather than weak. If her assumptions were true, she needed to know what Sloan's secret was. Knowing Wesley, he would react in the most dangerous way possible and get himself the same name his father had. She needed to make everyone, including Wesley, think her loyalties belonged to the Fraternity to figure out the truth. \"Why did you make me do this?\" Wesley asked hoarsely. Why did it hurt so much to see him cry? Why couldn't he make this easier for her? Covers had never been hard for her. Now, more than ever, she needed to stick to her cover. Why did he have to make it so difficult? \"Because you are the only person he wouldn't kill.\" Fox answered, hiding her emotions behind a flat voice. \"You knew god dammit.\" Wesley whispered, almost to himself. \"You knew the entire time.\" Fox thought fast and remembered her last assignment. A flash of anger swept through her and she was thankful Wesley wasn't watching her face. Sloan had given her the assignment. He needed Wesley out of the picture just like Cross. God dammit. \"Well, his name came up,\" Fox said coldly, \"And so did yours.\" Wesley didn't wait to hear any more before he shot the window out from under him and sent himself plunging into the river below. I think I'm done for the day. Might get bored though. You never know. Anyways, please remember to review. I always love constructive criticism so don't be afraid to give it lol. Hope you liked it! -G[Chapter 24] Disclaimer: I do not own Wanted. A/N: Another study hall chapter. We're getting closer to the end and I'm getting excited about it so I might end up uploading another chapter later today. Hope I got this right. Tell me what you think. PureDNA and Hadex: I hope you guys don't mind me grouping you together. I just exed (xed? xd?) out of the tab that had who said what and I'm too lazy to get it back again to see who said what. Thank you for the praise! Glad you're liking it. And I'm glad you thought Fox was cold. I was afraid I made her part too corny. Thanks! Chapter twenty something Fox woke up in the Recovery Room and felt the familiar melancholy she had grown used to since the Exterminator had died. Since then, Fraternity members had been avoiding the Recovery Room at all costs. He had an uncanny way of weaving his way through the cracks of each assassin's wall and making a place for himself in each of their cold hearts. No one wanted to be reminded of the pain that came with the loss of a friend. Fox held herself underwater just long enough to have her lungs gasping for air once she sat up. The past few days had wiped her. She was depending on adrenaline to get her through the day. Lifting herself out of the bath, Fox grabbed a towel and made her way out of the Recovery Room. Fortunately, no one was in the halls and Fox was given some much needed solitude as she made the long journey to her room. She walked at a pace that would have lost a race to a turtle and took in everything she saw. Nothing in the Fraternity gave any clue to its corruption. Nothing hinted at Sloan's twisted goals. Fox had no way of knowing if she was fighting for the wrong team. She found herself wondering the other would have still fought for Sloan, even if they knew his motives. God, what if they did know? Fox pushed the thought out of her mind before paranoia could drown her. Shoving open the door to her room, Fox's heart skipped a few terrifying beats and gasped so suddenly she became lightheaded. By her dresser, examining the feeble items that covered the top stood Sloan, who either didn't notice or was pretending not to notice Fox's uncharacteristic response to his presence. Still dripping wet from the bath and dressed in nothing but a towel, Fox kept her expression blank as a single question screamed inside her head. Did he know that she knew? Fox slid behind her wall and dressed into a pair of leggings and a long white shirt she had left on the floor. \"You failed.\" Sloan said, sounding exactly like he normally did. Something about his preacher-like tone put Fox on edge. The tone that had always put her at ease was suddenly thick with betrayal. Now, Fox heard how easy it was to be manipulated by Sloan. He was dangerously good at it. \"He jumped before I could shoot\" Fox protested flatly. \"No\" Sloan corrected, just as flatly, \"He jumped when you hesitated.\" Fox stepped out from behind the wall and scowled. \"What are you getting at?\" Sloan placed the old jewelry box back on Fox's dresser and turned around to face her. A few days ago, Fox loved this man like a father. Now, he terrified her. \"Come.\" He said calmly before turning around and stepping out of the room. Fox followed Sloan through the hall until they reached the library. They slid past men Fox didn't even know belonged to the Fraternity as they made their way up the stairs, finally reaching the library floor and joining the elite team, consisting of Fox as well as the Gunsmith, Butcher, and Repairman. Fox stepped next to the Repairman as the Fraternity members circled around Sloan, keeping a few yards' diameter of distance. \"Over the past few weeks,\" Sloan began, \"Many of you have met Wesley Gibson. Those of you who haven't met him probably know who he is.\" As heads nodded their agreement, Fox flashed back to about a month prior. She had been standing in a similar position in this exact room, surrounded by every Fraternity member stationed at the Headquarters, as she listened to Sloan's speech. Only that time, it had been Cross' name, not Wesley's. \"Wesley Gibson\" Sloan's voice boomed, bouncing off of the cement, \"Has lost sight of what is good and what is just. He could not handle the power given to him. He has the power of a wolf when he is, in fact, still a sheep.\" Fox felt the eyes move from Sloan to her as he spoke. She had trained Wesley. She had given him said power. More than that, she had befriended Wesley. She had loved Wesley. Whether the eyes were blaming her for releasing a psychopath into the city or if they were merely curious as to her reaction, they all stared. \"Wesley is a trained killer. He is capable of profound evil. He proved that yesterday evening when he derailed a train in Eastern Arabia, killing hundreds of innocent people and almost killing one of our own.\" The few eyes that had been polite enough to remain watching Sloan was now on Fox. They burned her flesh like hot rods and Fox prayed she was only imaging her knees wobbling. \"Wesley is a dangerous and he's coming for us next.\" Fox listened intently as a plan was made and assassins were assigned places, times and weapons. God, she hoped she trained him well. Tell me what you think. Please review.[Chapter 25] Disclaimer: I do not own Wanted. A/N: Pushing time right now. Bell rang a few seconds ago and I'm still writing. Hope you like it! Chapter 25 Wesley woke up, expecting to see the familiar dark gloom of the Recovery Room and, instead, saw the interior of an apartment he had never been inside before. A million questions shot through his head at once. Where am I? Whose apartment is this? How did I get here? Who has one of these baths in their apartments? Where's Fox? Is she okay? Why am I worried if she's okay? Wesley breathed deeply and slowly, pushing the questions out of his head long enough for his heart to beat slowly and him to be able to dress in to the pair of dry pants waiting for him. Stepping out of the room, Wesley recognized the familiar, hideous scenery through the window in the room he was headed to. This apartment looked directly toward his old apartment. Wesley stepped toward the window and looked at that which was once his. Inside, he could see Cathy pacing around the room, talking on the phone. \"I promised your father I'd bring you back.\" Wesley spun around so quickly that his neck hurt and felt his heart beat double its normal speed. \"What the fuck?\" Wesley cried in shock, breathing deeply. \"He said it was the only way you'd believe him.\" The man sitting in a chair a few feet away from Wesley answered. Wesley recognized him as Pekwarsky. Noticing the framed pictures on the furniture surrounding them, Wesley passed Pekwarsky and picked them all up. He shuffled through them each, recognizing the baby boy who looked back at him. He stared at the photo on top and remembered where it had been taken. It had been years ago and Wesley was nine. His mom had recently started dating the man, who would become his step-dad for exactly four months before they separated, and Wesley was meeting him for the first time. Bill, the man who would become his step-dad, was in the picture. The back of his head and side of his face took up most of the frame but it was the boy behind him that was making Wesley hyperventilate. That boy, dressed in a pair of corduroy pants and a black jacket, with the goofy smile and awkward hair, who was sitting on the seat of his soon to be step dad's crappy motorcycle, was a nine year old Wesley Gibson. Wesley looked at the next picture and recognized it as his third grade class photo. He was dressed in a blue collared shirt and striped time and his hair looked awkward even though it had been combed. To perfect the picture, Wesley had morphed his lips into something that was supposed to be a shy smile but actually just proved to the world that he was pathetic. The next picture was recent and had been taken in the room Wesley was sitting in. Cross had taken the picture through the windows as Wesley sat on the couch in his apartment. He had been there all along. Wesley tried his best to choke down the tears that were forcing their way up to the surface and failed miserably at calming his breathing. Pekwarsky watched silently as Wesley took in the information, confirming the truth to himself. Finally, he looked up. \"He was my father.\" Wesley's voice was choked and hoarse when he said it, almost to himself. Pekwarsky remained silent, knowing there was more. \"And I killed him.\" Wesley finished. \"To your father,\" Pekwarsky began \"Protecting you was worth giving up his life.\" At this, Wesley smiled the disbelieving, unstable smile that made hairs stick up and goose bumps appear. \"Protect me?\" Wesley asked with a small laugh. Wesley's smile faded quickly and his eyes darkened. He looked just as unstable as he had a second ago but now he was furious. A homicidal glint gleamed in his eyes and Pekwarsky read the bloodlust in his expression. \"He was trying to fucking kill me!\" \"No.\" Pekwarsky corrected calmly, getting up as he spoke, \"He wasn't trying to kill you. He was trying to rescue you. \"When Cross left the Fraternity, Sloan hunted you down. Ever since Fox had her teeth in you, he's been trying to separate you from them.\" Wesley felt a new wave of rage poor over him as Fox's name was mentioned. It was a different rage. It wasn't the kind of rage that made people punch holes in walls and, in extreme conditions, kill people. This was the kind of rage that was really pain. The kind of rage that was easier to deal with then the pain. \"Your father never wanted you in the fraternity. He wanted a different path for you.\" Wesley turned away from Pekwarsky in denial, as if that would keep the truth from being true. \"Things that he could never have\" Cross continued \"A home. Peace. \"He wanted you to find your own way.\" Pekwarsky finished. Please review :)[Chapter 26] Disclaimer: I do not own Wanted. A/N: I'm not sure if I hate this or like it. It's extremely repetitive and that's almost always a really awful thing but I used it for some reason. I don't know. It's also short. bleh. Melanie: I'm glad you like it. The end of this story was written before any other chapters months ago so you'll see soon enough :). PureDNA: I'm glad because I love reading your reviews :) Hadex: Hahaha Wow! Those are crazy words. I'm extremely flattered :) Thechii: Hey! New reviewer :). I love new reviewers :). Thank you so much for reviewing, it really means a lot. Thank you thank you thank you! Chapter 26 Over the next day and a half, Fox spoke very little. She was never very talkative but this was a new kind of silence. It was the kind of silence that everyone noticed but no one though much of because everyone thought they understood. Fox was silent because she was scared. She was scared that something would happen to Wesley. She was scared that everyone but her knew about Sloan and that she had been lied to her entire life. She was scared that everyone she everyone she ever trusted had betrayed her. She was scared that her colleagues would be killed. She was scared that her colleagues wouldn't be killed. Fox was silent because she was sad. Not the kind of sad that comes after watching a movie where the dog dies or when you find out that a celebrity you really liked had died. The kind of sad that comes when you've been betrayed and when you've been abandoned. The kind of sad that comes when you realize that the person you trust the most has lied to you about everything that the people you have come to know as friends, as family even, may or may not have lied as well. The kind of sad that comes when disaster comes immediately after pure joy so that the happiness is a memory before it is supposed to have faded away. The kind of sad that comes when the emotions that followed watching her father be burned alive and getting the initials of a psychopath branded into your neck return after ten years because the distractions turns out to be a lie. The kind of sad that comes after you leave the person you love and don't know if you'll ever see them again or if they'll come back to you if you do. Fox was silent because she was angry. She was angry at Sloan for lying and betraying and for living and for taking her in and for treating her like family and for being a bastard. She was angry at her colleagues for potentially knowing and, if they didn't know, she was angry at them for not finding out. She was angry at Mr. X for lying to her and for getting killed before she could confront him about it. She was angry at Cross for letting her believe he was the bad guy. She was angry at Wesley for being so easy to fall in love with and she was angry at him for bringing up so many emotions. Fox was silent. Please tell me what you think. If you absolutely hated the repetition, which I've decided I do but I'm too tired and far too update-overdue to rewrite a new chapter, I'm glad to hear it. If you liked it, well that makes me happy to haha. Don't be scared of putting up constructive criticism. I love it :)[Chapter 27] Disclaimer: I do not own Wanted. A/N: I really, really don't like this chapter. I absolutely HATE posting chapters I'm unhappy with but I have a relatively good reason this time. For a few reasons, one of which being I feel bad keeping you guys waiting SO long, another being because this is one of those extremely rare nights where my homework was at a minimum and I only had one test and one quiz to study for so I had some free time and don't want to waste it, and finally because my other fic has run me into a ditch and I'm not sure where its going so I want to spend time on focusing on being clever with it. So, because band practice's adrenaline has not worn off and I'm far from tired and because I don't have anything to do, I'm going to write as many chapters as I can. I'm getting very close to the end. I'm thinking at most, two chapters after this one. I want to finish this fic tonight. Also, I got a lot of reviews and those motivated me to write :) thechii: I'm glad :). Looks like you won't have to wait much longer :) Hadex: Haha I know what you mean...I think :P Celtic Memories ch.22: Thank you. I understand what you mean. I think I was really anticipating the aftermath so I sort of went with that initial \"i can't believe I'm dying before I killed Cross\" thing and then jumped strait to his death and then Wesley's grief. I'm sort of notorious for getting to excited about parts and skipping the less exciting yet equally important parts. It's definitely something I need to work on. Thanks for the review! Celtic-Memories ch23: Thank you! I was worried about that chapter so I'm glad you liked it. Celtic-Memories ch24: Don't worry, it sent with your username :). Haha I'm glad! I've never been good with suspense. Actually, I've been downright awful at it. It's nice to know I've improved haha. Celtic-Memories ch26: Really? I'm glad! Thanks for all the reviews! Chapter 27 Wesley drove the truck through the Fraternity gate and into the parking lot. They didn't know what was in the truck and they probably didn't care. He knew what was in the truck and the thought of it made him want to laugh. Wesley avoided the bullets as they rained down on him. Pressing the button with the barrel of his gun, Wesley opened the back of the truck and let its contents pour out. Wesley wondered what was going through the assassins' heads as they saw the rats pour out of the truck and into the Fraternity. They probably didn't understand. Sloan did, though. Wesley was sure of it. Sloan knew what Wesley had done. Wesley could imagine the coward running; letting his men die for him as he pretended to be an assassin of fate. By the time Wesley had stepped out of the truck, his rats were already causing havoc. They were in the Butcher's room. They were in the Recovery room. They were in the Repair room. They were in the mill and they were in the library. They were pissing everyone off. They were perfect. Wesley climbed under the truck and watched his timer count down from ten. Wesley covered his head with his hands, a gun in each, as the timer neared zero. Three Two One BOOM Every rat in every room exploded, blasting windows and killing men. Wesley climbed to his feet and sprinted toward the window, avoiding the debris as it flew. Wesley crashed through the window, causing more havoc in a room that was already in absolute chaos. Before he even got to his feet, Wesley had opened fire and killed two men. Pulling the trigger of each gun as his feet touched the floor, he killed another two. Wesley tore his way through the mill, grabbing the guns of the other men as he ran out. By the time he got out of that room, everyone in it was dead. That includes the Repairman. Wesley climbed up the stairs, doing his best to ignore the pain that came with the gun wound in his shoulder. He was a killing machine but that didn't make him bulletproof. Wesley climbed and climbed, jumping when he needed to, and eventually, got to the Butcher's room. He couldn't see anyone but he knew the Butcher was there. He could feel the eyes on him. Noticing it just in time, Wesley jumped out of the way of a knife, thrown silently and forcefully from the skilled hand of the Butcher. Wesley spun around, not seeing anything until it was too late. The Butcher flew past Wesley, slicing him on his way by. Wesley opened fire, shooting nothing in the room of a man who hated guns and hated him. Taking advantage of Wesley's fear and paranoia, the Butcher ran past for a second time, cutting Wesley's leg and forcing him to his knee. Wesley could hear the Butcher now. He recognized the quiet whisper of the big man. He remembered the merciless taunt that had started on day one. The same rage poured through him. Wesley turned in time to see the Butcher and opened fire. The Butcher deflected every bullet with his knives; a skill he had taught Wesley only a week before. Once he got close enough, the two men fought just like they had every day for two months. This time was different, though. This time, they were actually trying to kill each other. This time, Wesley had a bullet wound amongst other serious injuries. This time, the Butcher had the clear advantage. This time, the Butcher ended up dead. Wesley stumbled out of the Butcher's room and reloaded his gun. He hopped into the library and screamed Sloan's name. That's when things got interesting. So that's that. I'll be back soon :)[Chapter 28] Disclaimer: I do not own Wanted A/N: Hey guys. Remember when I said I had already written the end? Here it is. This was written MONTHS ago and then rewritten tonight to make more sense. I ended up writing another chapter but I'm going to save that for tomorrow because it's past midnight. This chapter had over 9 pages on my word document! It took more time then I expected. Hopefully I didn't demolish it with typos but I wouldn't be surprised. Anyways, I hope you guys enjoy it. Chapter 28 Fox's heart was beating a mile per minute. She could hear the commotion from the Butcher's room. She could hear Wesley's cries. She could hear the grunts and screams. Her heart had stopped every time she heard the shot of a bullet or the ring of a blade. Finally, she heard the barbarous scream that followed the life-taking grunt and Fox's eyes closed. She knew the Butcher was dead. Relief flooded through her as her stomach sank and the contradicting reaction was confusing and painful. She hated this. Why couldn't she be an unmarried lawyer with no kids who thought Brad Pitt was hot and discussed said topic with her best friends on Friday nights? She heard the irregular beat of footsteps and watched Wesley limp into the library. Her jaw clenched she saw his injuries. Blood was pouring down the side of his face and scratches and cuts covered the side where it wasn't. He had a serious wound by his shoulder that may or may not be a bullet wound and the Butcher has sliced up his leg. He was a wound. \"SLOAN!\" Wesley roared. It was her cue. She knew she had to go. She wasn't ready, though. She couldn't keep her face stoic. She couldn't pretend to be on Sloan's side as she stared at him in that condition. She couln- Fox whipped her body around the column at exactly the right time and pointed her gun at the man she loved. No one could see the fear in her eyes or the quiver in her lips. She was thankful for that. Wesley spun around slowly and took in the faces of former colleagues. He had considered these people friends, his family, eve, just days prior. Now, they were pointing their guns at him, waiting for the kill order. He recognized the Gunsmith and smiled slightly at the irony of it all. He spun around, recognizing every face and knowing the names of many, eyes lingering on Fox just long enough to make both of their hearts melt a little inside. He thought she was on the other side. She thought he was going to die thinking so. Sloan walked into the library, slowly and calmly. His expression was stoic and his posture was remarkable. His suit tailored to perfection, not a single wrinkle apparent. Both Wesley and Fox's stomach churned when he came into sight. Fox watched as Wesley reached into his coat pocket and recognized the coat for the first time. It had belonged to Cross before he had died. It had belonged to Wesley's father. Now, it was his. This was a horribly sad humor in that. \"My father wasn't a traitor.\" Wesley proclaimed, in between breaths. Fox wasn't sure if he was talking to them or to Sloan, but she listened intently anyways. She wanted to know what he had found out. No, that was a lie. She didn't want to know. She didn't want to know how dishonest Sloan had been. She didn't want to know how big of a fool she had been for placing her trust in the wrong person. She needed to know, though. Even though it hurt, she needed to know. Wesley pulled out a piece of cloth that took everyone but Sloan a while to recognize. \"This is a kill order.\" Wesley stated, as if they didn't already know, placing it on the table in front of him. \"And it's got Sloan's name on it.\" The eyes of everyone in the room, with the exception of Wesley and Sloan, dilated to about three times their normal size. Anyone that was drowning him out before was now listening intently. They hadn't expected him to say that, not even Fox. \"What did you say to me?\" Wesley asked Sloan as Fox eyed the cloth sitting on the table, nonchalantly. It was as if it didn't recognize its significant, as if it didn't know it had just blown everyone's mind. \"It's a name. It's a target. I don't want this person dead. Fate does.\" Wesley quoted, his words dripping with sarcasm and hate that gave in the strongest assassins chills. Wesley started laughing. It was a short, quiet chuckle but it unnerved everyone in the room. It displayed his instability. It was tired and it was crazy. In summary, it was terrifying. \"And he couldn't take it,\" Wesley continued, returning to the group of assassins. \"So he started manufacturing his own targets for his own gains. And that's when my dad found out and decided to stand against him.\" Everyone stiffened slightly at the word \"dad\" no one in the room except Wesley, Sloan and Fox knew who Wesley's dad was but they probably predicted the truth already. The proclamation had already shown his insanity as reality. It made sense. \"And that's when,\" Wesley began, shifting back to Sloan, \"You sent a man's son to kill his father.\" Fox's hands were shaking now and she knew that anyone who was watching her could see her gun bobbing up and down. She struggled to keep her knees from giving out or her legs to carry her to Wesley's side and do something irrational. In her peripheral vision, she could see a few heads, including that of the Gunsmith, turning to look at Sloan as Wesley spoke and she was glad. If they hadn't already known, they were silently questioning him. Good. \"You're not an assassin of fate, Sloan. You're just a thug who can bend bullets.\" The statement was made quietly but its significance was huge. Everyone in this room had respected Sloan as if her were a god. They had loved him like a father and obeyed him like a king. Belittling him was unheard of. Now that they heard it, it sounded right. Everyone in the room had a flash of uncertainty as they questioned their loyalties. Wesley nodded and everyone in the room thought he was done. His speech was over and everything was done now. No one could see any possible comeback. Almost unwittingly, they all thought it was over. Then, Wesley lifted his gun, shocking his enemies before they could do anything about it. Fox, on the other hand, was not an enemy. She was a girl who killed people. She was the girl who he was in love with and who was in love with him. She was a girl who he thought was on the other side but really wasn't. She was a girl whose training came before the thought and who shot the gun out of Wesley's hand. The sound of the bullet startled everyone but Sloan and, when they found out who shot it, shocked them all. Wesley slowly turned back around and looked at Fox. She hadn't though before she pulled the trigger but she had been glad she had done it, in a regretful kin of way. Any doubts Sloan had about her loyalties left when she did so. Then, Wesley turned around and looked her in the eye and she would have done anything to take it back. His eyes weren't angry. They weren't crazy and homicidal. They weren't displaying his physical pain or his fear. They were sad. They were the saddest eyes Fox had ever seen and it absolutely broke her heart. She wanted to cry when she knew those sad eyes were because of her. \"Is it true?\" she asked, keeping her eyes on Wesley and gun pointed, as much as it hurt her. For the first time since he entered the room, Sloan moved. He pulled out a file from behind his back and silently opened it. Lifting the top page, he began to speak. \"Here is what the truth is.\" Sloan stated. He handed the paper to the Gunsmith, who lowered his gun to look at it. \"Your name came up.\" Every stomach twisted, every set of eyes dilated, every pair of knees threatened to buckle and every pair of hands shook. No one had expected that. Sloan stepped toward Fox and handed her a piece of paper. \"Your name came up.\" For the first time since Arabia, Fox's blood didn't boil in Sloan's presence. Instead, she stared at him the way she did when they first met. She stared at him with big green eyes that had watched the torture and murder of her father. Big green eyes that were scarred and uncertain and didn't want to hear what he was saying. Her right hand quivering, she continued to point her gun at Wesley as she freed her left hand to hold the paper. She looked at the paper and read it twice. Finally, Fox lifted her eyes to see Wesley. His posture had sunken significantly as he realized Sloan's speech would outshine his. More than that, Fox saw is eyes. Perfectly matching hers, they were scarred and uncertain. They didn't want to hear it either. He looked defeated and miserable and they were accepting the fact that he was about to die. Fox didn't know what to do. She continued to stare at him as Sloan circled the room, dropping papers on the floor by the feet of those whose names were on them. She couldn't even hear Sloan's voice anymore. Fate had wanted her dead. The code wanted her dead. \"If I had not done what I did,\" said Sloan, shaking everyone out of their thoughts and breaking the eye contact between Wesley and Fox, \"You would all be dead.\" Sloan took a few more steps before putting the icing on the cake. \"I saved your lives.\" Fox flinched at his words and Wesley exhaled in defeat. \"Now look where we are. We are stronger than ever, changing the course of history as we see it, choosing the targets we select.\" Eyes shot from person to person as Wesley silently panicked and Sloan sounded more and more convincing. \"We can redistribute power where we see fit. The wolves rule, not the sheep.\" Everything from his heavy breathing to his insecure eyes displayed the utter defeat Wesley felt. \"Now, if any of you feel the need to follow the code of the Fraternity to the letter, I invite you, to take your gun, put it in your mouth, and pull the trigger. That is what Wesley demands.\" Sloan smirked confidently for a moment and Fox scowled as she recognized a losing battle. \"Otherwise,\" Sloan began, telling Fox that no good was going to come out of whatever comes next, \"Shoot this motherfucker, and let us take our Fraternity of assassins to heights reserved to only the gods of men.\" Sloan began to walk away as he made his final statement. \"You chose.\" Wesley just stood there. He was facing the barrel of at least eleven guns and he had nothing to do about it. He had no gun. He had no way out, he had no chance at fighting and no strength left in him to try. Wesley was sure he was going to die. \"Fuck the code.\" The Gunsmith declared, telling Fox everything she needed to hear. She looked at Wesley, willing him to look at her. When he finally did, she silently begged him to understand. He read her so well over the past few weeks. Now more than ever, he needed that skill. He needed to read her eyes; understand what she was saying. Everyone stood silently as the Gunsmith cocked his gun and a smile appeared on Fox's lips. It was a smile that reflected Wesley's laugh. It was unstable. It was terrifying. Wesley understood. He began to think like Fox and understand her reasoning. He realized that the conversation on the train had been an improved act. It all had been. It all made sense. He would have felt relieved if it hadn't been for the smile. It caught his attention an unnerved because he knew it meant something. She was about to do something but Wesley didn't know what. She was about to- And then she did it and Wesley's heart stopped beating and everything, except Fox, just froze. Fox flung her arm around and pulled the trigger. It was funny, if you think about it, how simple the action is. There's no effort in pulling a trigger. It's not heavy. It's not time consuming. It's so painfully easy to pull a trigger and yet the result is so tragic. Fox flung the gun toward Wesley, shaking him out of his shocked stupor, as he caught it. Wesley watched as the bullet flew. It tore through the air. It went through the Gunsmith's head, killing him instantly, and then into the next man's. One by one, assassins fell to their death and Wesley had a long thought and made a rather complex decision in a very short period of time. A little over two months ago, he had been no one. He had been Wesley Gibson; the insignificant fuck-up that was abandoned by his father when he was seven days old and who worked as an account manager and lived with a girlfriend, that slept with his best friend, who he couldn't stand but it was better than being alone. Then, he met Fox, and in two months, he learned a lot. Through the sweat and the tears and the blood, there had been lessons learned. That girl, that gorgeous, insane girl, made a man out of him. In sparring sessions and capture the flag games, in meals at the awkward times of the day and in the occasional heart-felt conversations, Fox taught him how to kill and how to survive. In that, she unwittingly taught about life. She taught him how to live. Then, she taught him what it's like to have a friend and, eventually, what it's like to love and be loved. That was the most important thing. He was undeniably in love with that woman and h was pretty sure she was in love with him. He was going to kiss her again. He was going to let her tell the story about her father again and, this time, he was going to let her cry when she did and he was going to hold her. He was going to make her dinner, just because, and he was going to buy her flowers because they reminded him of her, even if she didn't like flowers. He was going to hold her hand when they walked together and wrap his arm around her waist as he hug her from behind, when they stood together. He was going to tell her she looked beautiful every day because she always did. More importantly than all of that, he was going to tell her that he loved her because he never did that and it needed to be done. Neither was going to die before that was said. That was final. Wesley watched as the bullet tore through another head and neared its final victim. He watched as a small smile appeared on Fox's lips and she had planned on keeping it there as the bullet entered her brain. Then, Wesley's lips twitched into an identical smile and hers faltered. Wesley whipped his gun out and pulled the trigger violently. He ran toward Fox, ready to collide into her body and send it crashing to the ground. He had done this a thousand times before but he had never been so nervous about it. Before, it was his life on the line. Now, it was Fox's. He cared about her life twice as much as he did his. Wesley sprinted toward Fox, preparing for the impact that would come when their bodies collided. If his first plan didn't work, he was going to get her out of the bullet's way. He didn't care about the cost. The final body fell as the bullet sored. Fox's bullet was getting so close to her head. Fox was running but she seemed so far away. The bullet was so close. He couldn't move faster. It's so close. Wesley's body slammed into Fox's and his arms wrapped around her head as they slammed to the floor forcefully. Everything hurt AHHHHH! Alright. Good? Bad? Not sure? Pleaseeee tell me what you think about this one! Also, I'd like to point out that, while upsetting for Fox fans like myself, I think the occurrences in the actual movie were brilliantly. This story is in no way belittling the brilliant writing done by those responsible for this masterpiece of a movie. I think Fox's actions, which led to her death, were perfectly in character. She did exactly what she would have done, had this been a real story. Basically, I think what actually happened in the movie was brilliant and I am in no way claiming that this is a better turn out. It's merely a Fox fan's attempt at fanfiction :)[Chapter 29] Disclaimer: I do not own Wanted A/N: This is feeling pretty sentimental. This is the final chapter of my first completed fic. I'm going to miss you guys! Anywho, after rewriting this what feels like 14758632970 times, I have finally produced something to end with. I really hope you guys like it and I want to thank you SOOOO much for everything you guys have done! You guys are awesome! Sloan was famous for being extremely kempt. His suits were always ironed to perfection and his decorously groomed facial hair silently hinted at power and wealth. He was known to be maniacally well-organized and his expensive taste was particular and strict. He was known to spend much of his time in his library and, as a result, it was known to be perfect. The shelves reach high toward the ceiling, each of which holding the exact maximum of books. The furniture was antique and the artworks were original. This room had been furnished when the Fraternity moved in and there had never been a misplaced book nor rug with a folded corner, for longer than a few moments. Now, things were disastrous. The staircase leading down is missing significant pieces and the others, while still connected, would break under the slightest weight. Books lay scattered on the dusty floor, torn pages laying still in the dead air. A few books, including The Complete Works of Charles Darwin , Einstein: His Life and Universe , A Brief History of Time, and Catcher in the Rye, had been wounded in the gunfire and the antique desk had crumbled, as a result of a broken leg. By each pillar lay a person; the youngest of which being nineteen and the oldest being thirty six. Each person had a family and friends. Two had children and one had a wife, whom he kept in touch with secretly, despite the dangers. All but two had living parents and all but three had living siblings. One enjoyed writing and was two chapters away from finishing his first novel. He had been writing the story for over five years and planned to have it published, after leaving the Fraternity. All but one lay on the once comfortable floor, a bullet lodged inside their bodies, as their systems shut down, one by one. All but two lay dead, their families never to know their fate and hopes and wishes lost and forgotten. Of the two living, one is male and one is female. The male, having been wounded badly in the events prior, is losing blood at a dangerous rate and the female is in shock. From under his wounded body, her mind has frozen between the terror of death, the agony of attempted suicide and the pure fury at meddled plans. Her limbs are rigid and her expression frozen. It is not until the man lifts himself into a position more comfortable for both of them that her mind begins to slowly work again. Her body struggling to decide on which emotion to act upon, she characteristically choses anger, and lets it drip into her words. \"You should not have done that.\" Fox says coldly. Wesley opens his mouth to respond but is interrupted by a coughing fit that leaves the taste of blood in his mouth. In between his coughs, he counters her remark. \"I think it's the best decision I've ever made.\" He croaks. Fox, having no words to say, glares at him with such ferocity; he would have shivered, had he not grown immune to glowers. Wesley's position suggests that his intentions involve standing but, as another bloody coughing fit begins, he is caught off-balance and falls onto his wounded shoulder. The pain that results draws a sharp, instinctive cry from his lips and Fox's compassion, which was nonexistent before he entered her life, snaps her out of her anger. Helping him to his feet and allowing him to lean his weight onto her shoulder, she drags him out of the Fraternity, careful to avoid people and cameras. The idea of trusting her with his wounds was a surprisingly comfortable one for Wesley and, after a while, he was able to operate as usual. With her help, he constructed a clever and horribly dishonoring assassination of Sloan, which was successful. Sloan being their last victim, Wesley, who changed his name to Wes Cross, moved to New York City with his shockingly beautiful best friend and lived with her in an apartment for four years. After that, on her birthday, he proposed to her. She said yes. Then, Wes Cross moved to Connecticut with his fiancée and bought a two story house in a child-friendly suburban neighborhood. Three years after their marriage, their first child was born. They named him Ivan. Two years after that came their daughter, Eva, was born. Ivan and Eva were unwittingly given a gift that their parents' never received but always dreamed of; a normal life. Wes Cross became Dr. Cross and earned the respect of his colleagues as a professor at Yale University. Fox also became a Dr. Cross and became an equally well-respected pediatric nurse. Ivan and Eva both made their way through grade school. Ivan was an extremely talented baseball pitcher, who had to deal with his obnoxiously embarrassing mother at every game until high school, in which her cheers were drowned out by the large crowd. Eva, who took ballet all the way through college, maintained impressive grades and developed opinions so clear, her father used to joke about how alike she and her mother were. Every now and then, the lives of Ivan and Eva would shift to slightly peculiar when they would awake in the night to hear her mother's seemingly unprovoked sobs and father's hushed comforts. They never heard about what happened to their grandfather or about the truth of their parent's meetings. The memories that haunted their mother, particularly that of her code-provoked suicide attempt, changed her usually confident, smiling personality but the reasons were never explained to them. Every now and then, their parents would argue as parents would. Whether it is in anger or sorrow, their mother would, on occasion, ask their father why he saved her, whatever that meant. Their father was known to give the same answer each time this question was asked; each time with such sincerity it shocked them. \"Because I love you\" he would say. And that was that. THE END. -G ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own wanted. Author's Note: This is my first fic. It's also my first story writ"}]