[{"Movie":"Legend, 2015","Title":"Sweet As Lemon Sherbets","Author":"OTPhilia","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12626629","Passage":"[Chapter 1] She really is delicate. He should've known. From the very beginning, Frank had told him that. Fragile. It seems it didn't go straight into his brain. Her eyes spoke of such volume that he underestimated her dainty, precious heart. She was always so brave. He weakly chuckled as he remembered standing outside of her house, hearing her verbally fight her mum for him. She'd incessantly fought for him— even their marriage, she'd fought so hard to make it last, to make it worthwhile... She was always more of a man than him. He knew it in his numbing heart that Frances made his life wonderful. That all those money and guns couldn't ever make him happy like she did. Her soft brown loving eyes are his redemption for a better future where white picket fences are pleasant and little reggies and frances' running on their house are wonderful. And Frances would make a lovely mother. Sweet Frances. She was so sweet, like lemon sherbets. He tasted her sweetness and after it's gone— his mouth became rotten. He was too neglectful, too selfish for feeding himself to notice the saccharine had all but gone away. He crushed that lemon sherbet like he crushed her heart. Frances was right. He was being impatient. He was egomaniacal. Too power-hungry to keep her. Of course, he had changed, even for a tiny bit, but a change all the same. It seems it wasn't enough to keep her alive. Delicate Frances . How could he be so daft? It's been there from the start—the warning, the precaution of her mental health. It seems Ronnie wasn't only the one fighting his demons. Frances knew how to keep them from Reggie. He should've known all along; the sleeping pills, the bags under her eyes, her soft pleading voice. She wanted normalcy, he promised her an empire. Frances begged for his time and devotion, and he rewarded her with nothing but pain. Although she was patient with him, with his family, especially his brother. And how did he reward her undying love? No, Reggie, please no! He didn't know what happened to him that day. What made him do it. But all he knew he had hurt Frances in the most disgusting of ways. He was supposed to protect her from harm— Reggie was taught not to disrespect and manhandle women, and yet he's the one who defiled her and brutally touched her face he adored so much. She, his very own wife, Frances Shea. The most horrifying moment was waking up still dazed and confused; a throbbing head and a sore knuckle, flashing memory of that rainy afternoon, and a letter beside on his bed. It slammed him like a ton of bricks and even more painful than a boxer's fist. Could she ever forgive him? Stop it! He shut his eyes and he could see the bruises on her pretty face. He could still her screams despite of the silence, the pain in his heart would linger, always. He was going mad. All those memories of her kept haunting him. Tormenting him and saving him from shooting himself with a gun. Her lips would kiss him in his dream, but her lips would be the same dead shade, and her eyes, god, her eyes were more lifeless. There's not day would pass that his regret is eating his whole existence —until he was but a miserable man. Beautiful Frances . She was always so beautiful. Bouquets can't bring her back, that much is true, for if they could—she would have come back sooner. She wasn't belonged below ground; she deserves grand palaces and mansions. She deserved the sun brightly shining on her face, and the moon lighting her beautiful whisky-eyes. Not a coffin in the abyss of a ground, not the earthworms lingering about, and not death rotting her youth and glory, especially not death. Maybe if he came sooner he would've stopped her. Maybe even change her mind. Maybe if he had changed sooner he could've saved the both of them. But this is reality and the present as much he hates it; He cannot bring his darling wife back. Everything reminded of her so much that her death is because of him. It was all because of him; his negligence, the lack of empathy, the abuse and his mistreatment of her. Reggie blamed power and his hunger for money in the course of the first week of her death. But in truth, it was him, and he knew it. It was all him. He had killed the person he loved most in the world. Lovable Frances. But Frances was a murderer too. The day he looked at her beautiful sleeping corpse, is the day she killed him. She took a vow, for better or for worse that she would never leave. Frances should have waited a bit more. He had apologized, he waited for her, he had promised to change for real, and this time she will never suffer. She should have waited for the tickets to Ibiza. She crushed his heart too. All her expectations were painfully high, her look of disappointment when he hadn't let his twin brother go to jail, her arguments—it was all he couldn't bear. He can't change all at once. He was meant to be a King of everything, and she his Queen, a promise of ruling London together. But Frances was six feet in the ground, in a coffin, in a dark place that doesn't suit her beautiful face and body. She didn't belonged there, and yet she's there—without the sun to set on her face, without the air of both summer and winter. She's ruling a kingdom of the dead, and soon, he'll come to her kingdom and he'll beg for her mercy, give him damnation if it's the cost for her love once more. Tell her the things he hadn't said. The words he was scared to say. I love you...I'm sorry. Soon, my lovely Frances. ","Summary":" She really is delicate. He should've known. From the very beginning, Frank had told him that. Fragi"},{"Movie":"Legend, 2015","Title":"La Perla","Author":"WondaKat","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13105464","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Wordcount: 3,619 Rated: t+ Spoilers: Legend 2015 Warnings: 60's La perla, miss-use of woman's lingerie, slash, tease Ronnie, garter, knickers, stockings, heels, grinding, BDSM A/n: This is wired, but I wanna write it, I just imagined it and its this. I must have been drunk or something. La Perla lingerie is like a legend in itself. I can only afford the original perfume when it goes on sale. Unless I save up and lose some weight, that's all I'll do. Hope you enjoy…. I'll just go and hide. Teddy was grinning like the madman he is and he just couldn't help it. \"That La Perla you got there, Ron?\" Ron stopped himself at hearing Teddy's question, arms crossing over chest with a accusing look in his eyes. \"How the fuck would you know that, Teddy?\" Still grinning, Teddy just shrugged. \"The one place you wanna get sexy lingerie is La Perla nowadays, Ron. Everyone knows that.\" \"Oh?\" Ronnie clicked and clacked his way towards Teddy till he stood over his boy, imposing on him. \"And I supposed you've had tons of experience with womens underwear, hmm?\" Teddy licked his lips sticky. \"No but I'd have a go. Besides, that's where I'd go if I had the money and if I'd wanna buy some foxy lingerie.\" Ronnie smirked and stood back from Teddy to let him see him head from toe, all the while gesturing to himself. \"What, you mean like this foxy lingerie, Teddy?\" Teddy gulped slowly and nodded as he took in the sight of his boss slash lover. It was exactly what Teddy would describe as foxy indeed. Ronnie stood before him, really proud as he could be with a smirk and hands on his hips, showing off just what he had gotten, or rather, what he made someone else go and get from La Perla on Bond Street. Whoever went out and picked out the set should be given a raise goddammit and Teddy would make sure Ronnie would know to do so because…. Well, damn…. Before him Ronnie stood wearing the latest in La Perla lingerie fashion of plain black solid but sexy as hell suspender garter with matching underwear, no frills but a lacey trim around the top of the kickers and leg holes. The suspender had straps snaking down over the top of the knickers, past thighs and connected down to some silk black stockings with a frill design at the top which stopped 2 inches away from the start of the knickers. They stretched over muscle, giving off shape to legs, enhancing them rather beautifully if that was even possible for a guy like Ronnie. But it did, somehow it did. To top everything off, Ronnie stood proudly in the shiniest black heels Teddy ever did see. Ronnie was a tall bloke anyway so he needn't need much heel, but no, fuck it Ronnie was managing to stand up on pencil thin heels without a bend in one knee to support himself, towering over Teddy with such a powerful and fucking hot image. Damn. \"How the fuck you managing to stand, let alone walk in those things, Ron?\" Teddy just had to know how Ronnie was pulling it off. \"That's none of your business there, Teddy.\" Oh, alright then, fine by him. For someone like Ronnie, built like a fucking house, those heels, stockings, knickers and garter should no fucking way work. But damn, it just did for some reason. And fuck did Teddy wanna a piece of that. But it seemed so wrong too. This was Ronnie. Ronald fucking Kray, one of the Kings of London's underworld. Ronnie was the definition of what a man should be like; butch, strong, powerful, despite being bisexual. So really, Teddy should be the one in the sexy black La Perla lingerie and heels, strutting his stuff in their shared living room, showing off, at the feel of the moment, to his Master, bending over, showing off skin and arse to Ronnie, coaxing him to take advantage, stroke him, squeeze him, smack him and then fuck him like a good little slut. God, that would be amazing. If Ronnie were a woman, and a fucking hot woman that Teddy wouldn't mind going straight for, he would be one hell of a dominatrix. Damn. Teddy felt his hard on before he could see it, and that was from the thought of Ronnie as a woman, with a possible riding crop behind his(her?) back. In lingerie, Teddy would just look like Ronnies little playing, his slut. But with Ronnie in lingerie, Ronnie looked every bit powerful, if that's even possible. Yes, it definitely was, and Ronnie standing there is just all the proof he and London needs. Fingers started clicking in front of his face, trying to grab his attention and it did. Teddy came out of his daydream and faced a scowling Ronnie. \"Did you even hear one word that I had said, Teddy?,\" Ronnie demanded, scowl deeping on his face, anger bubbling. Oh shit. Oh damn yes. Teddy grinned from ear to ear and let out a stray giggle before licking his lips, confidence building as he looked Ronnie up and down, looking absolutely fucking delicious in his lingerie. God how Teddy wanted to fuck him even though it isn't their thing. He'd enjoy it, damn it he'd make Ronnie enjoy it and it's not even Ronnies things. But really, Ronnie did look like he was asking for it. And Teddy was going to give it to the King. \"Nah, Ron, I did not hear a fucking word. Guilty as charged, heh. Care to repeat that would you?\" Ron's scowl soon turned into a smirk itself, and it was a dark one but with also a hint of added playfulness, which, actually was very unusual. Ron never did playful, even if they both are lovers. Ronnie was imposing, powerful, demanding and violent in their fucking. That's how it's always been, never had there once been were they both stopped one time in the middle of they sessions and decided to go giggly, slow, gentle and playful. It was never their style, Ronnies style. Teddy never complained, he loved it just as much. But every now and then, it was a very rare thing, he had a thought of 'what if?'. Maybe that 'what if' as happening now? Ronnie ran his hands up from Teddy's chest up to his shoulders before forcefully pushing him backwards in the perfectly placed plush cushion arm chair. The smirk Teddy wore was gone as soon his back hit the back of the chair and Ronnie had gripped the back of his head and leaning to whisper into his ear: \"I said I'm going to fuck you wearing this getup, Teddy. Did ya hear that now or are you still off in one of you sick little fantasies I knew you were previously in. \" And just like that, the power Teddy felt just melted away, all the fantasies about him pounding his Giver boyfriend in bed went out the window and in replacement was him back in the La Perla, being thoroughly screwed silly on every surface he and Ronnie could possibly think of in their flat. All he was and felt in the end was defiantly Ronnies little slut, like it was always and definitely meant to be, no doubt about it. Absolutely fucking fine by him! \"Holy shit, Ron. Holy fucking shit yes!\" Ronnie chuckled darkly and sharply bit down on the ear he whispered into, getting a aroused groan from the promises of a fucking. He pulled away and looked down at the bulge in Teddy's pants. He looked at Teddy and smirked before he nudged his knee into Teddy's crotch, grinding down hard on it, getting him a stuttering moan from his boy. His hands traveled up to Teddy's clothed nipples before pinching them both then twisting cruelty, enjoying the shout he got from the man. He went down, kissing the man brutally, open mouthed, letting Teddy's moans escape and fill the room, feeling Teddy's hands come up to rest on his hips, allowing it to happen. He twisted the nipples the other way, hearing the groaning and moaning and other sluttish noise come out of Teddy. He chuckled into the kiss, pulling away with a tug on Teddy's bottom lip with his teeth. One hand went to the back of Teddy's head tugged on his hair bringing his head up so their eyes met. \"You'd like that, wouldn't you, you fucking faggot,\" he snarled at the younger man, twisting the nipple in his fingers then tugging to get pain, then pleasure, all the while still grinding his knee onto Teddy's dick. \"Oh God, oh god, oh fucking god yes Ronnie,\" Teddy whined at him, starting to grind himself onto Ronnies knee to ge more pressure onto his throbbing cock than what Ronnie was just doing to him. \"Yes Ronnie, god, fuck me like this, yeeeeesssss.\" Ronnie snorted at Teddy's babbling. The knee retracted and Teddy gave a groan of disappointment from the pleasure taken away from him too soon. And he was just about to bravely say something about it when suddenly, unexpectedly, he got the full weight of one Ronald Kray in his lap, thighs spread against his, hands on his shoulders, grip tight, arse on his aching cock. Oh good lord. Teddy swallowed, hard, and looked up at Ronnie who smirked down at him cruelly. Slowly, he shifted his arse against Teddy's leaking cock, grazing it, irritating it, causing the boy to moan loudly, for hands to go up on Ronnies hips and grip tightly. \"Oh god's sake, Ron,\" he dragged out, head now resting back on the back of the chair, trying to keep his breath under control, biting his lip. Ronnie did it again, earning him another lewd moan from his boy. Then again, then again then again. Again, again and again, grinding his arse against Teddys straining dick, earning him all kinds of whimpers, whines, mewls and moans all the while Teddy just gripped tight on his hips, feeling the cock just barely graze past his crack through the knickers. \"Oh fuck shit Ron!\" Teddy was full on hyperventilating now, cheeks red, forehead sweating lips sticky from constantly licking at them to stop them from drying up and cracking. One more grind and - shit! \"Ron Imma gonna come! Oh go-!\" Ron up from his seat on his knees over Teddy, one hand grabbing the nape of Teddy's neck, the other hand down both Teddy's trousers and pants, gripping his pulsing cock at the base, making the younger man jerk and scream at the cruel grip and intentions Ronnie had. Ronnie leaned in and hissed in his ear, \"You don't fucking well come till I'm in that tight arse of yours, boy. You understand that?\" The hand on his nape traveled up through his hair and gripped tight at the back of his head, jerked him up to make eye contact with the mad bastard he loves. \"Answer me!\" Ronnie shouted in his face, tugging hair hard, making Teddy even harder in his pants. \"Yes Ronnie! Oh yes, I understand, you bastard!\" Said bastard leaned in, forehead to forehead, snarling at the boy. \"Good.\" And the kiss he gave was bruising, bloody and powerful and Teddy soaked up every little bit of it. Teddys hands went up and straight into Ronnies hair, messing it up, gliding through what was left of the gel in his locks, hair falling over his glasses and eyes when they pulled away with a trail of saliva connecting lips. Ronnies hand came out of his trousers and pants and sat back on his lap, hard, causing Teddy to yell in arousal and somewhat pain which got him a smirk from Ronnie, a grind, a gasp and then a dark chuckle. \"Remember, Edward,\" Ronnie leaned down to coo in Teddy's ear, biting down on the fleshy lobe, earning him a hiss before dragging it out with his teeth. He looked back at Teddy, stroking a hand over Teddy's left cheek before slapping it hard, causing Teddy's head to throw to the right with a red print on his cheek. Gripping his chin, Ronnie pulled his face back to look him in the eyes. \"I'm the one who's gonna fuck you, even though I am the one in La Perla and heels.\" Teddy smiled. With bravery he shot forward and passionately kissed his lover and pulled back before Ron started to get his own way with the kiss. Teddy grinned, licked his lips at Ronnie, who in a way wore a sort of shocked expression. Teddy started to giggle before going back up to rest his forehead on Ronnies and with a seductive smirk said, \"Fuck me like a Dominatrix would Ronnie.\" Before letting out his mad laugh, falling back into the chair, laughing to himself. \"Like a Dominatrix, eh?\" Teddy stopped laughing madly at that and quietened down to small giggles, looking up at Ronnie. \"Heheh yeah, Ron. Like a Dominatrix would. You… You do know what a Dominatrix is, right, Ron?\" \"Of course I fucking do. The question is how do you know when we both know you're as gay as a fucking goose and I've been the only one banging you for the past few years.\" Teddy smiled and shrugged. \"I know a guy who's seeing one behind his missus' back.\" \"Oh, really?\" That came out more of an amused roll that of a confused question of shock. \"Yeah.\" A smirk graced Ronnies features, arms now crossed over his silk covered chest, now sitting back down on Teddy's lap for comfort, getting to hear Teddy grunt for measure. Ronnie let out a stray, very un-Ronnie giggle, which Teddy found arousingly sexy. \"You know who Queenie Lincoln is, right Teddy?\" Teddy nodded his head. Queenie is one of the six women moles for the Firm, very loyal to both brothers who helped out her father when he was in a financial blunder a few years back and Queenie was forever grateful so offered her services to both brothers as a spy for their Firm. \"Of course Ron, love the girl. \" That was the truth, he did cause she as funny as fuck, kind and sweet and she didn't have a thing for neither one of the brothers so she was fine in Teddy's books. He trusted her. Ronnie trusted her. \"Well, the thing is that she IS a Dominatrix.\" \"Nah! Really, never really thought she is one.\" \"Oh yes. Told Reg and me when she came into the firm, incase anything about her got out that could cause a scandal we knew heads up what to do and how to protect her.\" \"Wow.\" Now it made sense why she was a regular at so many of Ronnie's parties and was often away in the spare room with one of the 'straight' men of the parties. They could be in the room for minutes or for a good hour before the man would come out, red faced, stupid grin on his face and a shit eating smirk on hers, counting out pound bill's and seeing if the cheques were genuine enough to cash in. \"Yeah. So, she was telling me right back then what a Dominatrix does. Very interesting shit here Teddy, practically telling me her secrets to handle a man. 'Or a Woman', and she winked at me then 'You never know Ron.'\" Both Teddy and Ron couldn't help but laughed at that. Typical Queenie that was. \"Now, Teddy, this is the interesting thing about a Dominatrix.\" At this point, a sadistic smile now formed on Ronnies face which made Teddy shrink back a bit now. Powerful arms draped themselves over Teddy's shoulders, teasing like. A hand stroked up his neck smoothly. He shivered at the warm touch, the unusual gentle touch of a boxer's hands. Those hands could strangle him at any second if he was not careful. Again, he shivered in delight at the mere thought. Ronnie chuckled darkly. \"Most of the time it involves more of the humiliation and no sex at all.\" Teddy gulped, now having a feeling were this as heading towards. \"O-oh, yeah?\" \"So, if you want me to, as you put it 'fuck me like a Dominatrix', I think it's only suitable I hulimatle you like the fucking little faggot you are.\" Jesus christ, did his boner feel ready to burst. It was aching against Ronnies arse, gave a little jolt at the thought of humiliation and Ronnie gave a little grunt at the feel of the jolt, and even he squirmed a bit in Teddy's lap. \"You deserve to be punished, boy.\" Ronnie finally stood up and loomed over Teddy frighteningly so. \"You deserve to be humiliated so servelry. That's what you want right, you cunt. Don't you?\" \"Oh god fuck yes, Ron!\" Suddenly, his tie was gripped, wrapped around to the knot and he was choked as he was violently made to stand and look up at Ron's face. Ron leaned down so was right up close and personal to Teddy's red face, snarling, \"You'll get not sex tonight, you hear. Nothing.\" Teddy spluttered. \"Can I still give you a blowjob?\" The grip on his neck from his knotted tie choked him more violently, making him cough. \"The fuck did I just say! Nothing! I can go without one fucking blowjob tonight. I want you with the severest case of blue balls that I then want them as decoration for my christmas tree.\" That didn't make sense but yeah, okay, sure. \"Sure Ron.\" \"Good.\" The grip on his tie went and Teddy could breathe again, just, with a dry cough. Suddenly he was spun around and was pushed so he was still standing but the top half was bent over so his hands landed on the arms of the chair. \"Ron?\" Ronnie didn't reply. Instead his hands went around the buckle of Teddy's italian leather belt and undone it. As soon at that was done, altogether his trousers and underwear was ripped down to his ankles. Cold air hit his cock and he let out a pleasured gasp, suddenly feeling his orgasam rocketing up. But, again, a hand went to the base of his cock and squeezed, delaying it all. Another gasp came out but it was in pain, a pleasurable pain. \"God Ron!\" \"Shut up. I told you, bitch, you don't fucking well come until I'm inside you. But, since tonight I'm not going to be fucking you, you don't well come until I tell you to. You go it?\" He nodded, licking his lips. \"Okay Ron.\" Ronnie grunted, giving the cock one last grip before slowly letting go off it. He looked down at the shirt tails coving his boy's arse and, actually, very carefully folded them upwards, so now he had a perfect sight of that pale, perfect arse which he so enjoyed, biting, rimming, fucking, but more so, smacking. \"I'm going to punish you now Teddy. I'm going to smack your arse continuously and brutally you are no going be sitting down on it for very long time.\" Teddy bit his lip, a sick little smile made way onto his face. \"I can see the bruises already. I can't wait.\" \"Oh, don't worry, Edward, I'll give you bruises for days on end.\" And with that, he bend Teddy further down, back bowing, hands gripped arm chair rests, a shiver ran through bodies, a rough, large workers hand raised high in the air and - \"Eh, Ron, mate, I'm looking for that bitch of yours, you s-\" The end of the question never left Reggie lips when he was fully through the living room door to his brothers and bitch's flat and saw what was in front of him, on the armchair in the middle of the room for anyone to to see. The room was deathly quiet, bodies were stone still as everyone's situation was taken in, Teddy bent over the armchair, both pants down to his ankles, bare arse on display while Ronnie stood behind Teddy, one hand on his back pushing him to bend over the chair while the other was poised in the air, high, ready to smack Teddy's ripe arse on display. All the while wearing lingerie and heels. \"Ah,\" was all that managed to come out of Reggies mouth, his eyes never leaving his brothers form. \"Fuckining in the middle of something here, Reg.\" Ronnie didn't even turn back around to hiss the sentence at his elder brother, knowing Reggies eyes were looking directly at them, mostly looking at his arse in knickers to be precise, he just knew it. \"Yeah, well, um I can see that there Ron.\" Oh god, why couldn't he look away? The silence was back, neither of the men really wanting to say anything to make the situation less awkward then it already was. But still, at the moment, Reg just could help himself. \"Seriously, Ron? In broad daylight too?\" Ronnie whirled around and faced his brother, anger gouged deep in his eyes, staring daggers at him, shaking with fury all the while keeping a hand still on Teddy's back to stop him from raising up to meet with Reg's eyes. \"Fuck off, Reg,\" he snarled at the man. \"Now, hold up, I still need to speak to -\" \"I said FUCK OFF Reg!\" Reg knew when to call it quits and to just talk to Teddy for a later time than now. With his hands raised in defence, he back up towards the door. \"Alright, alright I'm going! Sheesh!.\" And he was going too, was now out the door and was going to head on back to Esmeralda's Barn to the other lads for a meeting until a thought popped into his head. Reg turned back around quickly to voice his thought to his younger sibling. \"By the way,\" he began. \"Is that La Perla, Ron?\" The shit had hit the fan. \"GET OUT!\" Reggie couldn't help but join in with Teddy's mad laugh as he narrowly duckded to avoid the ashtray thrown at his head before closing the door behind him. ","Summary":" Wordcount: 3,619 Rated: t+ Spoilers: Legend 2015 Warnings: 60's La perla, miss-use of woman's linge"},{"Movie":"Legend, 2015","Title":"A cup of tea","Author":"Neunonska","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11756913","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Salut salut ! J'ai découvert le film « Legend » au cinéma il y a peu et je suis totalement tombée sous le charme du personnage de Frances. Cela m'a donc donné envie d'écrire deux trois petites choses assez courtes. J'espère que ce petit texte va vous plaire ! Je n'ai pas l'habitude d'écrire des choses du type « romance » donc j'espère que ça ira quand même. Laissez moi une petite trace de votre passage ! (Bien que j'ai l'impression d'être seule côté langue française aha, je vous souhaite une bonne lecture) Frances venait de se remettre du rouge à lèvres pour la quatrième fois . Elle ne cessait de se regarder dans le miroir, perplexe. C'était le deuxième rendez-vous qu'elle avait avec Reggie Kray. Le Reggie Kray, le plus grand gangster de la ville, qui fait tourner tant de têtes. Elle se demandait bien pourquoi il avait jeté son dévolu sur elle, elle n'était pas sûr de comprendre. Ils s'étaient embrassés la dernière fois, au club que Reggie possédait. Frances avait déjà embrassé des garçons de son âge évidement, mais ça n'avait rien à voir. Reggie était plus vieux que les autres, il était différent, ce n'était pas un adolescent, loin de là. C'est pour ça que la jeune femme se préparait depuis plus d'une heure trente. Peut-être qu'il allait lui dire qu'il ne voulait pas d'elle ? Qu'ils allaient devoir arrêter de se voir ? Elle s'en rongeait les ongles. De plus, cela faisait une bonne heure que sa mère pestait en boucle contre ce « criminel ». Seul son frère s'amusait quant à lui à la regarder se préparer avec un petit sourire en coin. Cela faisait longtemps qu'il était aux services des Kray. Frances se souvenait de voir Franck quitter sa chambre le soir alors qu'elle avait 13 ans, pour partir faire des combines pas nettes qui rapportaient cependant un peu d'argent. Elle n'avait vu les deux frères que quelques fois, ils lui semblaient venir d'un autre monde plutôt éloigné, pas le sien, alors qu'elle était encore une petite fille. Quand ils venaient fumer dans le salon il y a quelques années, Frances se contentait de rester dans sa chambre. Le sermon qu'on leur faisait à l'école sur l'autre sexe n'aidant pas vraiment la jeune fille à se sentir totalement à l'aise à cette époque. Elle venait de passer une mini robe dorée, la mode était au très court à Londres depuis quelques mois, au grand désespoir de sa mère. Elle enfila de jolies ballerines et des boucles d'oreilles brillantes. Ses faux cils étaient en place, elle souffla et s'assit sur son lit, patiente. Son frère vint la voir, cigarette à la bouche. Il s'assit à côté d'elle sur la couverture à grosses fleurs délavées. Elle n'osait même pas le regarder trop paniquée par l'arrivée imminente de Reggie. « Sois pas inquiète comme ça, tu lui as tapé dans l'œil, ça se voit. » Frances espérait sincèrement que cela soit toujours le cas. Ils s'étaient embrassés, ce n'était pas rien tout de même. Enfin peut-être que pour lui si. La sonnerie de la maison retentit. La jeune femme se leva d'un bon, légèrement tremblante, le cœur au bord des lèvres. Elle attrapa maladroitement son sac à main et son frère lui tendit, toujours souriant, son manteau. Elle dévala les escaliers sous l'œil mauvais de sa mère. Une fois devant la porte, Frances inspira un grand coup, et arrêta de trembler. Elle se devait d'être présentable. Elle ouvrit la porte de la maison et la referma rapidement, voulant oublier les sermons de sa mère le plus vite possible. Reggie était là, toujours aussi beau, dans un costume parfaitement repassé. Il lui sourit. Elle se sentait si minuscule à côté de lui au fur et à mesure qu'il s'approchait d'elle. « Vous êtes resplendissante. » Frances eu du mal à contenir un rougissement. « Je vous retourne le compliment » Elle n'osait pas le regarder dans les yeux. Reggie eu un léger sourire sans qu'elle ne le remarque. Il lui tendit son bras. « Allons-y. » Une fois dans la voiture de Kray, la malaise de Frances s'accentua, elle gardait les yeux fixés sur les rues de Londres, quelque peu perdue. Reggie fumait tout en conduisant, la fumée piquait les yeux de la jeune femme, elle se sentait étouffée par ce silence pesant qui durait depuis une dizaine de minutes. « Vous ne m'avez pas embrassé. » Frances releva les yeux d'un coup vers le conducteur, perturbée. « Vous ne m'avez pas embrassé, et vous fuyez mon regard depuis tout à l'heure. Je fais finir par croire qu'un autre homme vous a séduite depuis deux semaines. » Les mots de la jeune femme restaient bloqués dans sa gorge. « Vous ne m'avez pas embrassé et votre manque de réponse me laisse penser que mon hypothèse est la bonne. » Reggie ventait d'arrêter la voiture devant l'un de ses nombreux clubs, il sortit du véhicule et ouvrit la portière à la jeune femme sans rien dire. Il ne la regardait plus. Frances se sentit blêmir. Une fine pluie commençait à s'abattre sur la capitale anglaise. Elle sortit précipitamment de la voiture, perdant toute la contenance dont elle avait tenté de faire preuve tout l'après-midi. Elle s'agrippa à son bras et osa enfin le regarder dans les yeux. Toute sa détermination fondit. Il était si beau et élégant. Il la fixait, sourcil relevé, attendant une réponse qui tardait à venir. Finalement, elle s'approcha doucement de lui, et posa ses lèvres sur les siennes. Ils restèrent un long moment ainsi, alors que la pluie continuait de s'intensifier. « Vous ressemblez à un affreux couple de chiens mouillés. » Frances avait bien entendu la voix traînante de Ron à l'entrée du club mais elle fit comme si de rien était. Elle sentit Reggie sourire légèrement sur ses lèvres. Il se recula et posa délicatement son bras sur ses hanches afin de l'entraîner dans l'établissement. Frances se demandait comment un homme si imposant pouvait être aussi gentil et charmant avec elle. Il pourrait briser son corps maigre d'une seule gifle. Sa carrure la protégeait presque de la pluie. Elle se sentait bien. Frances ne se renfrogna même pas quand Reggie l'abandonna seule à la table pour donner une bourrade plutôt brusque à son frère à l'autre bout de la salle (certainement pour lui faire payer la raillerie de tout à l'heure). Un de ses hommes de main vint le voir et lui chuchota des informations à l'oreille. Le visage de Reggie se ferma, il ressortit une cigarette, l'air préoccupé. Frances se sentit faiblir. Elle réalisa qu'elle n'avait pas totalement idée du business des frères Kray, ni de ce qui pouvait rendre Reggie soucieux. Elle se contentait de le regarder, inquiète. Alors que son frère lui parlait, l'air très sérieux, il posa les yeux sur Frances. Il lui sourit et lui fit un clin d'œil. Peu importe ce que lui disait le autres, et sa mère. Après tout le centre du monde pouvait être où on le voulait, même ici, dans le sud de Londres. Là où était Reggie. ","Summary":" Salut salut ! J'ai découvert le film « Legend » au cinéma il y a peu et je suis totalement tombée s"},{"Movie":"Legend, 2015","Title":"Poof","Author":"WondaKat","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12421261","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Word count: 1,927 Rated: T + Spoilers: Movie spoilers Warnings: Slash, boys kissing boys, not kissing you, descriptions of sex, fluff, A/N: I've seen in fics where Ronnie is really rough with Teddy in sex, and I get that, but I have a feeling he was rather fond of Teddy and can be rather affectionate to his boy in public and not care what people thought. In their mad sort of way, they were really caring and loving to each other. Enjoy xx Ronnie never showed any affection emotion towards anyone, except his dear mum. With Frances, Reggie knew his younger brother didn't like her, but for him to be in Reggie's good books, he tolerated her. Even though when he first met her in the woods, outside his caravan he welcomed her with open arms into the Kray family, afterwards he made it quite clear he really didn't like the woman who was stealing his brother. And these confessions were made while he was on the pill, while seeing straight. The only time he showed affection for his brother was when they had the bust up in Esmeralda's Barn when he ran it into the ground and insulted Frances in the crudest way possible. After which, bloody and bruised, he confessed that he knew he wasn't in his right mind, hadn't been taking his medication. He apologised for all the shit that's happened the past 6 months and last 10 minutes, asked if his bird had gone. Yes, she was. Go after her, she's a keeper. Thanks. And then Reggie was gone, That last bit was just for Reggie's pleasure not Ronnie's. Yep affection was a weird word in Ronnie's dictionary, one he rarely looked up. But then, Ronnie was getting more involved with Teddy. Sure at the beginning, it was a causal screw, a vicious fuck which Ronnie was always control of, Teddy on his front, chest to mattress, arse in the air while Ronnie buggered him into next week, crude words spilling from those plump lips, telling Teddy what a good fuck he was. \"You like me fuckin' your cunt, eh, you fuckin' faggot?\" and Teddy, in his mad fucked up way, Teddy would laugh madly into the mattress, pressing his arse back into Ronnie's cock, \"Oh god yes, Ron, love your cock up my cunt. Give me more, yeah? Need your cock!\" Reggie had hoped that this 'affair' was a one off thing. Ronnie was fresh out of the looney bin and he hadn't had a lad in 3 years, although Ronnie said something about getting it once in the hospital with a fellow inmate in somewhere secret but didn't enjoy it because apparently, he was the one that took it up the arse instead of the other way around. Ronnie said he didn't enjoy it, but Reggie knew his brother. He did enjoy it, being locked up for so long there's only a certain amount of time before you are hungry for it. But Ronnie was about pride and anyone to hear that Ronald Kray to took it up the arse would make him a joke. The guy ended up with a broken jaw after the ordeal and Ronnie in solitary confinement for a few days to try and cool down. Teddy they had pinched off the street, some ripe piece of totty, as Ronnie would call him, and dumped him with his brother for a fuck. That was a month ago, and Teddy and Ronnie were still going at it like rabbits. Reggie was a little unsettled but not really bothered because he knew his brother would get bored of his toy and throw him aside for someone else. Sometimes Reggie wished it was a girl his brother would go after, after all, he was bisexual, a lot of people forget about that detail. He liked a bit of both even though he'd prefer to fuck a bloke than shag a girl. More gay then he was straight. On one occasion he has seen his brother look at a rather lovely girl as she passed them in the street and whisper to Reggie, 'She's a good looking bird, Reg. If I weren't buggerin' Teddy, I'd have a go at her.' But no, years while he and Ronnie ruled the east end of London, Teddy was still on the scene wearing tailored suits, looking dapper, getting Ronnie horny, watching Teddy walk off while the material of the trousers slip and slid of his bottom, knowing he had Ronnie under a spell. One spell that gave Teddy enough courage sometimes to grope or smack Ronnie's arse in public and just get a grunt from his brother, not bothering to do anything, just knowing the build up of that smack would lead to Teddy getting a rough fucking while his arse got smacked this time in Ronnie's bed. Their bed. What was worse now is that now Ronnie had Leslie Holt following him like a puppy dog, desperate for Ronnie's attention, which was always for Teddy. Reggie was pretty sure the 3 of them had had an orgy together, Leslie fucking Teddy, Teddy fucking Leslie while probably Ronnie watches his boys before he screw them one by one or while he fuck one while the other fuck the other. It was disturbing. It didn't help when he found out now Ronnie was now having a supposed affair with Lord Boothby and Labour MP Tom Driberg and having sex parties in his flat in Hackney. Just the thought of one of those men making out with his little brother brought disturbing images to mind which makes him shudder. Still, obviously rubbing elbows (or cocks) with people in politics had benefits, as it was proven when taken to court to face charges for assault and what not. Before getting off scot free, for a while him and Ronnie went into prison. Him in a normal one, Ronnie in specialist mental prison. And all the while he had hoped that Ronnie's and Teddies relationship, if you could call it that, would dissolve, Ronnie would forget Edward Smith and move on after he got out and Reggie was praying his little brother find himself a nice girl. Reggie was allowed visitors, but from what he had heard through the grape vine, Ronnie was not and that made Reggie even happier to think Teddy would soon be out of Ronnie's life. The trial was a success, they were free, Frances was going to marry him, he had a new club that he, France's, Ronnie and the rest of the firm were going to celebrate in tonight. And Teddy was nowhere in sight. Or so he thought. Ronnie didn't go back to his flat. Frances went to change at her flat with Frank while Reggie and Ronnie went and saw their mother, who was over the moon that her babies were out and free. Ronnie had someone send over his tux to his mother and father's house while Reggie was getting his on. 15 minutes later the doorbell rang. Ronnie hefted himself out of his chair after setting his cup of tea down on the coffee table, knowing this was his tux at the door. Reggie heard the door go to. He came out of the bathroom where he was tying up his bow tie and watched from the top of the stairs to see who had delivered Ronnie's suit. The doorbell rang out again before Ronnie got out of the living room and Ronnie cried out that he was 'fuckin' coming! Alright?!' and Reggie heard his mother tell her youngest son to 'calm down dear' before Ronnie replied with a 'sorry mum'. Reggie rolled his eyes at the brief conversation between the two. Rather typical family banter. Ronnie was the door now, and he opened it to peek outside. Reggie continued to watch his brother. Ronnie then let out a groan and opened the door full. But before the person with the tux could hand it over to their boss, Ronnie had said in low voice which Reggie could still hear, \"where the fuck hav' you been then, boy?' Then the person who held Ronnie's tux was dragged into the house by the arm and that is when Reggie's fingers stopped tying his bow tie and watches as Ronnie pushes fucking Mad Teddy up the hall wall of his mum and dad's house and plants his lips on Teddies, going in rough and brutal. The tux Teddy was holding up falls at his feet and his arms goes up around Ronnie's neck while Ronnie's bear paws go on Teddy's hips and holds him in place against the wall. Reggie's mouth is a little open in, would he call it shock, as his twin and his bitch go at it up the wall, in their mother's own fucking house for fuck sake. He stays quiet, not wanting to give himself away as he watches the scene unfold. Teddy's hands are in Ronnie's greased up hair, making a mess, his hands all over the place, knocking the handles to Ronnie's glasses a bit making them a bit off and on Ronnie's ears. Ronnie's licking into Teddy's mouth, making the boy want to moan but doesn't want to because their mother and father are next door. How thoughtful. Ronnie brings Teddy closer to him, the rough kissing finishes with Ronnie pulling at Teddy's red bottom lip with his teeth before pulling away and then the kissing got softer, Ronnie's hands goes to cup Teddy's face, as his and Teddy's tongues danced slowly against one another, both of their eyes closed and then they pull away with a wet smack and look at each other, a mad love in their eyes. Reggie could see the faint creases of a smile forming on Ronnie's mouth while Teddy lets out his hideously mad laugh which causes Ronnie to chuckle, ducking his his head to hide his smile. Teddy's arms are now wrapped around Ronnie's waist, as is Ronnie's as they held themselves in their insanity. Ronnie lifted his head and planted a final kiss on Teddy's forehead. \"Missed you,\" he said gently to his 'lover', hands stroking up and down Teddy's sides. \"I never thought I'd see you again, Teddy. Was so alone..\" Teddy looked at Ronnie, with a surprisingly warm smile, arms tightening around Ronnie, \"I missed you too,\" he confessed softly. \"I would have killed to at least see you once while you were in that fuckin' prison, Ron. You know I would hav'.\" \"So what fuckin' stopped you, then?\" And Teddy just burst out laughing that murderous mad laugh of his and Ronnie just slyly grinned before clipping Teddy gently around the ear before bending down to pick up his tux and moving Teddy into the living room. \"Oh Teddy, luv!\" Reggie heard his mum from the living room. \"Hello there! Come and sit down. Would you like a tea?\" \"Oh please, Mrs Kray, that would be lovely, thank you.\" \"You are more than welcome. Such a polite boy, isn't he, Ron? You've got yourself such a lovely boy.\" Mum, if only you knew, Reggie thought, finishing up his bow tie back in the bathroom, rolling his eyes at his dear old mums innocent comments about that bloody mad bastard in the living room. \"Don't I know, mum,\" Ronnie preened. \"I'm not usually the soppy type, you all know that, but since Teddy came along, I've felt better with myself and my illness. He's brought out the best in me.\" \"Oh fucking hell,\" Reggie murmured to himself, greasing up the last bit of him hair, listening on to Ronnie dribble about Teddy being good for him. \"More like the worst, you twat.\" Utter bollocks, they are not better for each other, those fucking lunatics. What would they know? Reggie shrugged at his own question as he rinsed his hands free of grease before he dried his hands and went back down stairs into the living room to his mum, dad and the loved up lunatics. God help them. ","Summary":" Word count: 1,927 Rated: T + Spoilers: Movie spoilers Warnings: Slash, boys kissing boys, not kissi"},{"Movie":"Legend, 2015","Title":"Heathens","Author":"Shaeme","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12195370","Passage":"[Chapter 1] There's a story to be told about everyone, but most people's stories aren't meant for telling. The majority of them are simply too boring to ever hit interest with anybody, others are simply hidden in secrecy. Then there are others that intrigue the public, but are perhaps better kept in the dark. Certain reasons for that may vary, and sometimes there isn't a clear reason to be pinpointed at all. That is presumably the case for Freya's story. The reason might be that there is no lesson or the wrong lesson to be learned from this story. Or perhaps it's just that her story, her own self, got blown to bits from the inside out by the man that she loved. But when looked at with an honest view, she played her part in that as well. When Frances thought of Freya, the first thing that would come to mind was the word 'friend'. Best friend , to be exact. Freya was versatile, funny, kind, sweet, seductive and above all: classy. Frances had ascertained the latter the first time she caught a glimpse of her, knowing who she actually was. It was on the streets in Bethnal Green, just a couple of days after Reggie had asked Frances out on their first date, that Freya walked across the street in front of Frances' house with a man who looked exactly like Reggie, only a tad bit taller, broader and less pretty. On the arm of this man with glasses and slicked back hair, Freya laughed at something he had said, and when she caught Frances accidentally peeking from her front door, she kindly smiled at her. All that Frances could see was her, and all she could hear was the sound of her clean, white, open heels against the pavement, regardless of the fact that the streets of Bethnal Green were crowdier than ever with the market going on at that time. That was all the class Frances ever dreamed of having. this young lady, even to her, looked like a pure dream, which was why she didn't understand why Freya was on the arm of this man Reggie would later introduce to her as his twin-brother Ronnie Kray. And she would never come to understand. Not the slightest bit. And even if Freya Kray had tried to explain herself for a hundredth time, Frances still refused to understand why she had decided to marry this paranoid schizophrenic gangster by the name of Ronald. But in the end, it did prove something to her, supposedly. Because however much Freya had to go through, her genuine deep-hearted love for the man that put her through most of her misery was a constant, inevitable factor. However much trouble Ronnie brought to anyone, including Reggie and Frances themselves, Freya would always be the only person able to save the day from Ronald Kray. With love. But no matter how many times Frances would hear anyone saying: 'look at the way he looks at her' 'aren't they just a lovely couple' 'you can tell they really love each other', she simply wouldn't believe it. No, she had seen the real them behind their marriage. And however much Frances wanted to believe they were fine, she knew that one day, the whole thing would explode. All that would be left would be Freya's remains, and no matter how well Frances knew that the versatile, funny, kind, sweet, seductive and above all classy Freya was the real Freya… She also knew that none of that would be left if Ronnie ever got the chance to finish her off. Dead or alive. ' We shall fight on the beaches. We shall fight on the landing grounds. We shall fight in the fields, and in the streets. We shall fight in the hills. We shall never surrender, and if…' 'Hey, Ronnie! Ronnie, come on out of here.' The ground beneath Frances' pastel shoes was wet and leafy, which made the steep little hill she and Reggie would have to descend from even more complicated to conquer. Ronnie exited his caravan, which looked filthy from the outside, as Reggie helped Frances down. 'You must be Frances.' Ronnie said kindly with his husky voice and a soft smile. 'Hello.' Frances replied. 'Hello Frances, hello, welcome to the family,' Ronnie stopped in his tracks that previously walked him towards her. 'Well, that is a bit premature now, is it?' Reggie laughed nervously. 'Yes, hehe. Speaking of family, is Freya about?' Ronnie put his hands in the pockets of his vest and frowned as he looked away a little. 'Nah, she don't like the woods no more, she's swanning around somewhere in London.' 'Freya?' Frances asked, pretending to be oblivious to seeing Ron with that girl on his arm just a few days prior. Ronnie looked at her as Reggie went into the caravan to fix himself a beer. 'My wife.' Frances had thought so. There was a quick silence before Ronnie offered her a cup of tea. 'I just put the kettle on. Come on take a seat, anywhere you like.' The tea needed a bit more warming up, so Ronnie just stood. 'What do you think? Do you think we look alike, me and Reggie?' 'Oh, yeah, certainly.' 'No, you don't. You think that he's beautiful and I've got a face like a gorilla's arse.' Frances cracked up. 'No, no. I wouldn't say that.' 'It's all right, I'm used to it.' 'Stop doing your hair, right? Get your stuff out of the car. Do something fucking useful.' Frances heard Reggie talking to someone inside, and after that, a young lad came out. He looked very handsome, Frances thought. The boy had a satisfied grin on his face as Ronnie watched him walk along and up the hill. Then, Ronnie looked back at Frances with the sternest face. 'I'm a homosexual, Frances.' She nodded with the most confused look. 'Well,' Ronnie stumbled on his words a little. 'I'm a giver right? I'm not a receiver, you know. There is a difference; I'm not a faggot. But I do believe, you know, that you should not hide what you are, you know, because it'll make you very sad. It'll make you very unwell.' 'I agree completely.' Frances replied, but after that, she was distracted by a voice from up the hill, and it wasn't a man's voice. 'I'm glad you do,' Frances looked up; it was the same girl she had seen with Ronnie the other day. Freya. 'I just hope that next time you'll get it right, Ronald.' 'What are you on about?' Ronnie asked suspiciously as he watched her walk down the hill. 'You like me?' 'Of course I do.' Ronnie spat out with a grumpy, indignant look. 'Then you're bisexual, there is a difference.' 'Is Teddy gone?' Ronnie asked, changing the subject slightly. 'Yeah, I just kissed him goodbye.' Freya grinned as she approached her husband and gave him a peck on the cheek, and then she turned to Frances. 'Hello there… Are you…' She was distracted by Reggie who walked out of the caravan again, but that allowed her to make the conclusion that this was indeed who she thinks it was. 'Frances. Hello darling.' She first shook her hand but then bent down to greet her with a kiss on both cheeks. 'Freya. Didn't expect you here.' he said. Freya hugged him and kissed his cheek as well. 'I heard in town you'd gone off to Ron to get introduced so I thought I'd follow. Got myself some new shoes on the way.' She smiled, and then took a seat on Ronnie's lap as Reggie would take up the last chair. 'Well,' Freya sighed as Frances studied her shiny, blonde curls. Ronnie didn't pay much attention to her. 'So how are you Frances?' 'I'm fine, thank you.' Frances replied softly. She actually felt a little intimidated by Freya's extremely laid back but interesting and fun presence. 'I hope Reggie is treating you right, I know my brother can be quite… scary.' She raised her eyebrows at Reg, who just gave her a look that would have to say 'shut it' , but all Freya could do was grin. 'Reggie is lovely.' Frances replied, without shame. 'Isn't he? Hey, will you be at the club this Saturday? I would love to get to know you better.' Without waiting on Frances for a reply, she turned to Ronnie quickly. 'That would be fine with you, wouldn't it?' She put her hand on his arm. Ronnie just made a content noise. He'd lost focus, Freya ascertained. 'Lovely. Will I see you there?' She talked to both Frances and Reggie, who had a look at each other and then agreed. 'I can't wait.' Freya said casually, with a smile. And without speaking out loud, Frances agreed. This felt as if meeting a starlet in real life, and yes, she could not wait to get to know her better. A/N: Hello there! I must say I am not completely satisfied with this chapter, as I didn't have a clear idea of how I wanted this story to begin. But I've managed to make a sort of introduction to Freya, which is the only new character I've created so far. I hope you like the concept I've tried to make clear for the story, and please leave a review! Until next time! Shaeme ","Summary":" There's a story to be told about everyone, but most people's stories aren't meant for telling. The "},{"Movie":"The Holiday","Title":"Love and Loss (and a sister's support)","Author":"that1crazaychik","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13212216","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Love and Loss (and a sister's support) Author's Note: PLEASE READ: Not too long ago I experienced the loss of someone very close to me, and ever since I've been really hypersensitive towards death in TV, movies and other media. One of my biggest pet peeves is when movies or TV series just skip over the subject in order to get on with the plot or the love story, when in reality… it's never that easy just to forget the death of a loved one. They're on your mind every damn day. I wrote this because I really liked the movie and I loved Kate Winslet and Jude Law's characters, but I just felt like I needed to give Graham the opportunity to grieve like a normal human being, because I'm pretty sure being widowed with two young daughters is not as easy as the movie makes it seem. I needed more time with the Simpkins siblings, so naturally, I went and I wrote. This is largely a therapeutic fic for me, and if it helps you somehow or if you just appreciate it well… that's even better. So, inevitably… BIG WARNING: HEAVY SUBJECTS REGARDING GRIEF AND LOSS AHEAD. At the New Years Party… \"Iris Simpkins, look at you,\" Graham said with a smirk, handing his sister a glass of champagne. \"Charming men all the way from across the ocean. Who knew you had it in you!\" Iris laughed. \"You're one to talk.\" She jeered, taking a sip of her champagne. Graham just smiled, watching as his daughters danced wildly around Amanda, who was doing her best to keep up. Iris put her hand gently on his shoulder, snapping him back to attention. His sister smiled at him brightly. \"I really am happy for you Graham.\" She said. Graham put his hand on hers. \"Thanks, Sis… for everything.\" He smiled at her sadly, \"Absolutely everything.\" Graham kissed his little sister on the cheek. She'd saved Graham's life in more ways than she'd known When Iris burst through the hospital doors, Graham was already pacing a groove in the waiting room floor. His hands were in his hair, clutching the messy brown curls like they were a lifeline. He looked stressed beyond belief and when he finally caught sight of Iris, everything seemed to drain out of him like a tap. She ran to him just in time for him to basically fall into her arms, yet he clutched her like a vice grip. She was in no way prepared for what happened next. \"She's dead.\" Graham managed, \"Abigail's dead.\" The second time his voice broke, and so did his spirit. He shook in Iris' arms and it was everything she could do to keep them both standing. She cried with her brother as waves of pain surged through her. She didn't dare let go or even loosen her grip on her brother. She held on for what seemed like ages until the strength drained out of the both of them, making their arms feel like lead. They sank onto a bench, and Iris grabbed his hand, needing to be connected to him in some way, to assure him that she was there. They sat in silence, both completely numbed with grief until Graham suddenly jumped. \"The girls!\" he said, almost panicked. Iris squeezed his hand, drawing his attention to her. \"They're alright. Mum and Da picked them up and brought them home.\" Iris assured him. Graham looked down. \"How am I going to tell them…\" he looked back at Iris, tears spilling from his eyes. She felt tears spilling down her own cheeks. \"I don't know… I honestly… don't know.\" Iris rang the doorbell and it was almost immediately swung open by a hyperactive six-year-old. \"Aunty Iris!\" the young girl exclaimed. \"You're here! Let me take your coat.\" Iris smiled at the little redhead. \"Why thank you, Sophie, you're such a lady.\" Sophie smiled, folding her auntie's big coat over her arms. A high-pitched squeal was the only warning Iris got before another hyperactive four-year-old catapulted into her arms. Iris picked her up and swung her around, making her laugh hysterically. She came to a stop and swung the girl onto her hip giving her a light bop on the nose with her finger. \"And how is Miss Olivia? Have you been good for Santa?\" Iris asked the younger girl, who nodded crazily. Iris' attention was drawn towards the kitchen entrance when she heard her name. \"Iris, thank god!\" Her brother Graham was standing in the kitchen doorway, wearing an apron with a messy tea towel thrown over his shoulder. He had speckles all over his glasses and his hair was a mess. Iris had to suppress a laugh at the state of him. \"I've no idea what I'm doing. I'm quite sure the gravy's burnt and the turkey looks like it could still be clucking.\" \"Turkey's gobble, Daddy!\" Sophie laughed. Graham didn't even react. Iris set her niece down and walked over to her brother. She kissed him on the cheek and handed him a bottle of brandy from the bag she brought in with her. \"Don't worry,\" Iris smiled, \"I've got this.\" Graham gave his sister the greatest look of relief and gratitude that was humanly possible. \"Girls, go play.\" He said gently to his daughters, and then he followed Iris into the kitchen to pour them each a glass. Seeming that it had been only a month since Abigail's death, that Christmas was a dangerous holiday to spend while grieving, and that Mum and Dad were away on official business, Iris had just invited herself over to her brother's for the entirety of the festivities. Iris was just in time to save the gravy and the turkey was faring much better than Graham realised. She sipped leisurely at her glass of brandy as she whisked the gravy, watching as Graham settled against the counter behind her. She could feel the stress ebb out of him as he sipped his glass a little faster than she did. The girls could be heard laughing and playing in the room next door and Graham sighed. \"They've no idea really…\" he said sadly, \"As far as Olivia's concerned Mum's away on vacation.\" Iris turned to look at her brother. He smiled sadly. \"I have to remind her every night Mum's not coming home…\" He looked down, swirling the brown liquid in his glass. \"I think Sophie's clued in a little… She's starting to talk about her in the past tense…\" Iris turned the heat off on the gravy and went to her brother and massaged his shoulders lightly. \"You guys will make it through this, I know it.\" She said. Graham took a deep breath. \"I know… I'm just not quite sure how…\" That's when Sophie and Olivia ran into the kitchen and Graham and Iris needed to put on their game faces again, ushering the children away from the hot stove. Iris entered the bustling pub, leaning on her tipped toes to search the crowd. Sure enough, she found the mess of brown curls she was looking for, sitting alone at a table for two. Her heart sank as she made her way across the pub. She sunk into the chair across from him, making him jump slightly. \"Iris!\" he said, trying to hide the slur in his voice. \"I thought you were- had an article to write.\" Iris smiled slightly, holding back a twinge of pain. She knew Graham was tired of people looking at him with eyes full of pity. She took a deep breath. \"I did, but Ben rang me. He figured I should come check up on you.\" She chose her words carefully. Graham let out a small chuckle. \"Right… he's a good mate that Benji…\" Graham said, looking down at his glass. When he looked up again, Iris's heart throbbed with pain again. He'd obviously been crying. \"I'm fine, Iris.\" He tried. She didn't come close to buying it. But she pretended to anyways. \"I know…\" she said softly, \"We're just worried that's all.\" \"Well I wish you wouldn't!\" he slammed his fist down on the table, spilling his drink slightly. The pub was noisy enough that no one noticed his outburst. His anger faded just as quickly as it had come. \"I'm sorry… I just… I feel like a child.\" He said, eyes fixed on his drink, \"Even my six-year-old is worrying about me.\" Iris smiled slightly, Sophie's little reassuring smile flashing through her mind. She was so much like her mother it was no wonder she was constantly looking out for her father. \"There's no shame in accepting support, Graham,\" Iris said. Graham looked up at her sharply. \"No shame? No shame? Iris, I'm her father! I'm the one who should be supporting her. She's just lost her mother for Christ's sake!\" Graham spat. Iris stood her ground. \"And you just lost your wife!\" she exclaimed. Graham paused and then focused his attention back to his drink. Iris sighed. \"Don't be so hard on yourself…\" She said, tears building in her eyes. She hated seeing her big brother like this, it absolutely broke her heart. She wanted so desperately to take all his pain away, but she knew she never could. Graham shook his head slowly. \"I can't…\" he said, voice breaking as tears filled his eyes. \"I'm lost without her…\" He reached for his glass, but before he could lift it off the table Iris put her hand over his, easily holding it down. Graham looked up at her. She couldn't help the tears streaming down her cheeks. She sniffled lightly, trying to compose herself. \"Let me help…\" She said quietly. And Graham broke. His hand slid away from the glass as his entire body basically collapsed, wracked with sobs. Iris got up, grabbed her brother's jacket and draped it gently over his shoulders. She helped him to his feet as he clung to her arm, sobbing into her coat. She gently ushered him out the door, giving a grateful wave to Ben behind the bar before they left. By the time she got Graham into her car, he had calmed down considerably. He leant his head against the car window as they drove on. \"Where're we going…\" he asked tiredly. Iris kept her gaze fixed on the road. \"My place.\" She answered. Graham turned towards her. \"No… no, I have the girls tomorrow…\" he said. \"The girls will be fine,\" Iris assured him, \"I'll call Mum. She'll be thrilled to have them one more day.\" That answer seemed to be good enough for Graham because he let his head lean softly against the window again. They drove alone in silence for the next few minutes until Graham spoke again. \"Thank you Iris…\" he said, barely audible. Iris turned to look at him, and although he was already basically asleep, she replied: \"What are sisters for?\" Graham watched as four of the most important women in his life danced around the living room, laughing and singing. His daughters were doing more of a hyperactive hop than a dance, but it was close enough. He smiled, unable to hold back the swell of joy that filled his heart. He could see Abigail laughing and dancing along with them, complementing Amanda on her beautiful eyes and teasing Iris about her new man. She was laughing and smiling and she paused long enough to shoot Graham a dazzling smile, an I'm-happy-you're-happy look. And as much as it shot a bolt of pain through his heart, he smiled. Because he knew that all Abigail would want is for him to be happy. Now, all Graham could do was send her his undying love and gratitude. A plethora of thank-yous for everything she'd done for him. And many of them went out to his beloved sister as well. Graham could've watched them all night, but he was snapped back to reality by a presence standing next to him. Graham looked over to see Miles standing next to him. \"Hey Graham, thanks again for having me over for New Years, I hope I'm not invading any kind of family time.\" He said. \"Not at all, any friend of Iris'…\" Graham answered awkwardly. Miles didn't seem to notice, he was too busy smiling at Iris. Graham thought for a second, and then seized the opportunity he had before him. \"Listen, Miles…\" he started gently, not wanting to scare the other man off, \"I just want you to know that my little sister… well, she's been hurt and used by guys before who, well quite frankly didn't deserve to even look at her. She's a special girl, my little sister, and I just…\" before Graham could even finish, Miles put a hand on his shoulder. \"Trust me, brother, I know…\" Miles smiled, \"And I intend to do anything I can to make her happy, every day until I deserve her.\" Graham stood a minute, shocked by the other man's answer. Then he smiled and clinked his glass against Miles'. \"Now that's the right answer,\" He said with a wink, and they both turned back to the living room as the countdown for the best year of their lives began. ","Summary":" Love and Loss (and a sister's support) Author's Note: PLEASE READ: Not too long ago I experienced t"},{"Movie":"The Holiday","Title":"Embrace","Author":"rhapsodybree","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9534616","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I own nothing, and only borrowed the characters for a little while. Standing in the kitchen on the phone in the middle of the night, waiting for LA to find the right paperwork, Amanda found herself unconsciously reaching for a pen to doodle with. Fifteen minutes later, she hung up the call to discover that she'd coloured in one of Olivia's Peppa Pig pages. And done a fine good job, she said to herself as she admired her work. She startled when she felt warm arms wrap around her, relaxing instantly as she recognised Graham. \"Did I wake you?\" she apologised softly. \"Nn-nnh,\" he replied with a shake of his head. \"I woke up and you weren't there.\" She felt blissfully loved when he squeezed her and pressed a sleepy kiss to her neck. \"Come back to bed?\" \"I'll be right there,\" she promised. \"Just let me finish up here.\" He extricated himself sleepily. \"I'll hold you to it.\" Amanda watched his form leave the room. He was damn sexy, even at 2:00am in the morning. And when she slipped into bed fifteen minutes later, his arms were instantly around her, snuggling her close. Where pre-marriage it would have taken her an hour to even consider sleeping, the adrenaline pumping in her system, in his embrace she was asleep in seconds. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I own nothing, and only borrowed the characters for a little while. Standing in the kit"},{"Movie":"The Holiday","Title":"Another end to The Holiday","Author":"FranziskaBlue","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9363676","Passage":"[Chapter 1] New Years, Caroling, Party time, Amanda, Iris, Miles, Graham and the Girls are dancing. Amanda takes a glass and sits down on one of the sofas with Graham Amanda: I know its still early and I don't want to ruin things but I was thinking, wouldn't it be possible for you to edit textbooks for movies? Or at least work from another place? Graham: Yes, I could do that or at least think about it why? Amanda: Great and Iris could you work also for, I mean you are a journalist, maybe you could, I could call somebody at the LA times and there are schools in LA too and… Graham: Wait, what are you saying? Amanda: I am saying that I cant move my company to London but I want this to work out and Miles and I have connections and I want you all in LA, I love you Graham and I love Sophie and Olivia but flying back and forth between LA and here is too stressful so I mean we could hire a nanny, you could stay at home, my place is big enough and you could rent both of your houses out for a certain time, could you? Iris: It sounds great Amanda but it's not that easy because we both need jobs, Graham needs… Amanda smiling: Hey that's the least of your problems believe me, could you imagine living there? Iris: Yes, I mean LA is great and Graham Mom always said the girls could need a change of places after 2 years. Graham: You really want that, do you Amanda? It's a big step and it's a big commitment, I mean you are moving over a family. Amanda: Yes, yes I know that but I feel that this finally makes sense and as I cant move my company to London believe me I thought about it but its not possible, LA is nice, and has the ocean and I have to admit something… Graham: It's a big step for the girls and what do you have to admit? Amanda: I Graham: What, you can tell me anything? Amanda: I called Martha. Graham: You did what? Amanda: I called your mother yesterday, met her for lunch and we had a girl's day out and got to know each other, she thinks that this would be a great idea. Graham: You asked my mother before you even asked me? Iris: What did she say? I mean really say? Wow, you had the courage to meet her, before you even were formally introduced I am impressed. Amanda: Well, I like to take things into my own hands, I told her that I don't want to be a minute without you guys and she said \"Take them with you and don't forget to call Mrs Stevens she owes me big time. In case she doesn't remember mention Rome, and book the Beverly Hills Hotel for Easter…\" Graham: She wants to get rid of us. Iris: No she doesn't but I talked to her this morning and she said I was never been happier than now same like you and not living in the same city is a thing that can be changed and she wants me out of Jaspers way. She told me that I should consider certain things and Graham she things that the girls would be happy there. Miles: Please Iris, I don't want to be alone again, the guy without the girl and you going back to this idiot, your mom is right. Come to LA, you love this city and you can live with me. You like my apartment and … Iris: which is why I am saying yes, yes, yes! Miles: Is that a real yes? Iris smiling: It is, I am coming with you but I need a job! Amanda: No problem, Miles you know John Miles: Of course I know him. Amanda: Good, we call him as he owes me big time… Iris: Who is John? Amanda: Ex-friend who wrote something unfair about one of my trailers and he is now the chief editor of the LA times and I think you have a job in no time and believe me John will be so happy that I am willing to forgive him so its on Iris. Graham: You are a 100 per cent sure that you want to have a family living with you? Amanda: Yes and I can change the furniture and we can buy stuff and… I love you. Isn't that the only thing that counts? Graham: It is…and I love you too Amanda (Kisses her) Ok let's do this Miles: I am going to call Michael. Amanda: Perfect, he is one of the studio bosses and he is one of our best friends in town. Although he is totally gay he is an honest man, fun to be with and great! Graham: Are you always that good in planning? Amanda: Yes, when I made the decision I am that good and you know what? I can't wait to tell the girls... Graham: Olivia, Sophie, can you please come down? Both: Coming…. Olivia: What's wrong? Graham: Nothing is wrong but Amanda would like to live together with us and because her job is in LA she wants us to move there. What do you think? The Girls together: We are coming with you dad yeahhhhh 1 day later in the news room Jasper: I heard you quit your job Simki Iris: Yes, you did hear right. Jasper: Why didn't you tell me? Iris: Oh because maybe you hadn't have the decency to tell me about your engagement. Jasper: That's different, I need you, I told you in LA that this is really important to me. Iris: And I told you I am over you. Jasper you need someone that adores you most of the time and is a bit of a mommy who controls young Jaspers homework. In your life the only thing that counts is yourself, nobody else and I finally got that so would you please let me finish packing… Jasper: Where are you going? Iris: I am going back to LA. Jasper: I don't believe. Iris: Well believe it or not my flight leaves in 10 days and it's a one way ticket. Jasper: But you don't have a job. Iris: Well you wrong, I have a job waiting for me there. Jasper: That is impossible. Iris: What, that can't be true? Or why you wanna work in the town where people rather see a movie? Jasper: How Iris: Not telling you Jasper: But why? Iris: Because it's over, men never get it don't they? And with that Iris turns around and continues packing, ignoring Jasper completely. 3 weeks later at the LA airport Sophie: How is Amanda's house? Iris: Oh it's big and has a swimming pool and you can have your own room. Olivia: Will you live with us? Iris: No, but I am not far away from you. Same like in England. Sophie: Oh ok. Graham: Are you sure this was the right decision? Iris: Oh I am positive, this is, I mean Miles is the perfect man for me, he laughs all the time, he is funny all the time and … Graham: I am happy for you sis. Iris: And I am happy for you because Amanda might be a little bit crazy she is a great girl. Graham: Yes the first since Katherine died that I love more than I can say. Iris: I think you should tell her exactly that, there she is Amanda waving, Miles behind her Amanda: Hey, how was the flight? Olivia: It was long but we watched movies… Sophie: We watched movies the whole time. Amanda: That's great, your rooms look, I mean I had a good decorator in but they are finished and they look oh I am so excited, they just look like a fairy tale. I hope you like them because I remember your tent and your rooms and so, I think…. Sophie: We will Amanda (hugs Amanda) Olivia: Thank you Amanda Amanda: Oh you are welcome wait till you seem them Iris: Miles… Miles: I missed you and good news you can start at the LA times tomorrow. Iris: That's great I mean, wow how? Amanda: Graham emailed your articles to the LA times and they think you are brilliant and they love having someone from London working for them. Iris: Perfect, what about… Miles: He can have a chat with Michael on Friday but it looks good. Graham: Sounds nearly too good to be true but I am getting used to the good things in life again Amanda kissing him : Good, let's go. Sophie: Can we go to Disney? Amanda: Of course, we will go to Disney and to the San Diego Wild Animal Park, to Sea World and we will visit movies and everything you like to do! Sophie: Can we meet Anna? Amanda: Anna? Graham: Oh they mean Anne Hathaway, she is the new star at home since her latest movie. Amanda smiling : I haven't worked with her but I think I know someone who knows her, let me do my magic… Olivia: Perfect, do we have to go to school? Graham: Actually yes all children all over the world have to go to school. Sophie: Why? Graham: Because that's what children do all over the world, that's their job, my job is to correct peoples writing and your job it to go to school and learn. Sophie: But not tomorrow, daddy. Amanda: No, school starts in 2 weeks, Gram sorry but I had a look at a few schools and I found the perfect one, bit expensive but with the right people. Graham: What do you mean with \"the right people\"? Amanda theses are my kids, can we please discuss that later? Amanda: Yes, maybe but I mean Showbiz kids, actor kids and mostly normal kids from all over the world, its an international school with the British system I thought you might like that. Graham: I do but I am there father and I should have a say in it. Amanda: Graham, I love the girls, believe me the school is good and you have so many things to do and the girls shouldn't loose a year. Let's go as we are having a little party tonight? Iris: Amanda, I am exhausted, I don't wanna go somewhere tonight. Amanda: Oh than somebody called I think \"Arthur\" would be very disappointed, he is so anxious to meet you again and Olivia and Sophie, I think he will adopt them and be a granddad. Graham: From all you have told me he is the perfect granddad. Irisl: They will get a perfect taste, because I guess he will probably read all screenplays from the 30s to them so I think we should be fine Graham: I give up Miles: I knew they would like that Manda. Amanda: Yes and now let's go… All are driving to Amanda's home, the kids are excited, talking and asking questions the whole Amanda's house everybody is leaving the car, Arthur waits with his friends, Amanda introduces them, big hellos everywhere .Later in the garden, people are celebrating. Arthur: See I told you are the leading lady. Iris: I am not, Amanda is but I am happy that she does all this stuff and who said their can be 2 leading ladies in one movie? Arthur: Yes that is true my dear. Iris: See. Miles: Arthur, stealing my lady away again? Iris: Hey, just about to come to you. Arthur: I am leaving you guys and join John for a drink at the bar. In Amanda's office Graham: This house is amazing, I have to admit that. Amanda: Thanks! Graham: I can't Amanda: Shshsh, you brought me back to life and I can't thank you enough for that. I love you more than I can say and I am happy we found each other and the girls They kiss passionately. Graham: I love you too. But let me have a say or two, please otherwise I feel left out. Amanda: Don't worry but here look at the brochure; this is the school the girls will go to. Graham flips through the pages Graham: I have to admit this school looks great. All the activities and what they are offering. The curriculum is perfect and I am Amanda: Did I make the right choice? Graham: You did! Amanda: Did I make a motherly choice? Graham: Yes, you did. Katherine would have picked out the school as well. Thank you. Amanda: Come with me, there is more. They two are moving through the house Amanda: Here this will be Sophie's room Graham: Wow, you listened very carefully and did you take pictures of her old room. Amanda: Yes and I just imagined myself when I was her age, here you have a door and there is a playroom and next door its Olivia's, the kids share a bathroom. Graham: I am impressed. Amanda: Here see, I recreated the tent and the pillows there, they can use them to make it cozy and I hope I did everything right, do you think they will like it? Graham: they already love the pool, very happy that both know how to swim and they will love it, you did a wonderful job despite your own job. Amanda: Well I worked quite a lot during the last few years and I have assistants, I didn't paint the rooms myself. Graham: So much I guessed and that's ok. Why are you afraid that they might not like what you did? Amanda: Because I never had kids? Graham: Don't be both already love you, they told me more than once on the plane. Amanda: Really? Graham: Yes! Where will you be working? Amanda: Here! Graham: Here? What do you mean by here? Amanda: Downstairs, I have a cutting room in the house and I go to the studio 3 to 4 times a week but I will cut back on hours and will always be home to pick up the girls from school. Graham: You are a mom already. Amanda: Really? Graham: Yes, a very sexy mom and I am so impressed by what you did but I think I already said that. Do we have a little time? Amanda: For what? Graham: For us? Amanda: Well we have guests but Amanda looks outside the window Amanda: But I guess everybody is in good hands and the kids are safe with your sis and Miles and Arthur so.. You ll see Amanda and Graham vanishing into the bedroom. Cut back to the garden. ","Summary":" New Years, Caroling, Party time, Amanda, Iris, Miles, Graham and the Girls are dancing. Amanda take"},{"Movie":"The Holiday","Title":"Goodbye Jasper","Author":"rhapsodybree","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8033343","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I own nothing, except my own creations. Iris was walking rapidly down the street as she talked into her mobile. Laughing at something Miles said, she failed to watch where she was going and promptly bumped into a tall man walking in the other direction. Turning the mobile into her chest, she immediately apologised. \"I'm so sorry si- ... Jasper?\" Indeed, the tall man looking down at her was Jasper, her one time hopeless man crush. \"Well hell Iris,\" he said, smooth as ever. \"What's it like working for the enemy?\" Iris shut her mouth long enough to speak into the phone. \"I'll call you back.\" Hanging up the phone, she swallowed and composed herself. She was a grown woman in a relationship with a lovely, normal man. She didn't need him. And so grinned as she responded. \"Oh you know, it's a new challenge. And how about you?\" He brushed off the question as insignificant. \"You know me, I make do.\" Yeah, her mind said internally. You make others do. She showed none of her inner thoughts though as she nodded her head politely. \"And how is Sarah – it was Sarah wasn't it?\" she queried. \"The woman you married.\" \"What?\" asked Jasper distracted, and she had her suspicions he had been looking down her shirt. \"Sarah? Oh yeah, Sarah's great.\" There was an awkward silent moment and it was in these few seconds that Iris had a blinding realisation of just how much she had changed. Normally she would have jumped to fill the gap, but now she was waiting quite patiently for him to speak and carry the conversation. He actually looked flustered! \"So,\" he began again, swiftly back to his charming self. \"What are you doing this afternoon?\" She could read between those lines any day, and part of her was miffed. He didn't even ask what she was doing tonight! Did he really think she would have sex with him in the afternoon. What idiot did he take her for? Mentally she berated herself. Perhaps she might have been open to that a year ago. \"Ah Iris?\" She realised that she had been woolgathering as she looked back at Jaspar again. \"This afternoon?\" she repeated. \"Well, I've got a story in Covent Garden, a meeting with a source in east London and then I've got to be home by 7 as my boyfriend is cooking me dinner.\" \"Boyfriend?\" She couldn't resist the urge to be smug, but was actually offended at his incredulity. \"Good for you Iris,\" he added in a patronising tone, even patting her on the shoulder. \"So...\" Whatever might have happened next – which was never going to be anything anyway – was interrupted when a tall blonde woman (that was most certainly not his wife) walked toward them and then draped herself over Jasper. \"There you are darling.\" Iris just laughed. \"Goodbye Jasper.\" She had changed, but clearly Jasper hadn't. Jasper walked Iris walk away, her mobile at her ear once again. \"Hey hon, you'll never believe what just happened.\" She was the girl that actually got away, and he had to say that his writing had suffered for it. He was brought back swiftly to the present, such complaints leaving his mind as his afternoon's plaything let her hand slip down his body and skim the belt of his pants. Time for some shenanigans. Finito. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I own nothing, except my own creations. Iris was walking rapidly down the street as she"},{"Movie":"The Holiday","Title":"Really? Really","Author":"Mitchell.RonnieMitchell","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9712672","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Prologue. \"Are you not with Sarah anymore? Is that what you've come here to tell me?\" Iris asked. \"Yes, it is. I love you, Iris Simpkins. More than you could ever imagine, When I said we were a square peg and a round hole, that was then. Now I know that we are a very round peg and a very round hole. I love you, I really do.\" Jasper said. He placed a gentle kiss on Iris's lips and smiled. \"I love you Jasper. I just hope that this time it will last.\" Iris kissed Jasper's cheek and giggled. \"Marry me?\" Jasper asked. Iris sat up straight and smiled. \"Yes! Oh my God, Yes! Of course I'll marry you Jasper!\" They launched themselves at each other and, well, I think you can see where this is going. \"Graham, It's me, Iris\" Iris said into the phone. She was phoning Graham to tell him that she was getting married. \"Iris! How are you?\" \"Fine. I was just ringing to say that Jasper and I are getting married. He came over to America to tell me he wasn't getting married to Sarah and that he wanted to marry me\" \"Oh my god, Iris. That's great. Are you coming home for Christmas?\" \"No, sorry. Jasper and I want to spend Christmas by ourselves. We'll be back for new year though\" \"Alright, the girls can't wait to see you. Have a nice Christmas!\" \"Bye\" Iris hung up and jumped onto the bed where Jasper was laying. They had slept in and hadn't remembered that it was Christmas day. \"Happy Christmas Jasper\" Iris whispered. \"Happy Christmas Iris, I love you.\" \"I love you too Jasper. I never thought we'd get engaged.\" Iris said, sitting up slightly. \"I did.\" Jasper said. \"I always knew. From the first moment we met, I knew that you were the woman I was going to marry\" \"Really?\" \"Really.\" ","Summary":" Prologue. \"Are you not with Sarah anymore? Is that what you've come here to tell me?\" Iris asked."},{"Movie":"The Holiday","Title":"The Boob Graze II","Author":"rhapsodybree","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8033322","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I own nothing, except my own creations. Sitting side by side as they watched a film on her couch, Miles had his eyes on the screen as he reached over for some popcorn with an air of innocence. \"Another accidental boob graze?\" queried Iris, her mouth turning up at the corners as his journey wasn't exactly direct. \"No,\" grinned Miles. \" That was entirely intentional.\" Iris couldn't wipe a matching grin off her face. Ignoring the movie, she grasped his shirt collar and tugged him in for a kiss. \"Come here.\" The movie long forgotten, popcorn spilling to the floor, neither Iris nor Miles could bring themselves to care. Their minds were on other, more pleasurable, things. Finito. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I own nothing, except my own creations. Sitting side by side as they watched a film on "},{"Movie":"The Holiday","Title":"New Year","Author":"rhapsodybree","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8033658","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I own nothing, except my own creations. \"Happy New Year!\" Graham grinned as his youngest daughter cheered. It was barely 9pm and she was already bringing in the new year. His grin widened as all picked up their champagne glasses and saluted each other. It was after several of these – Sophie and Olivia put to bed sometime in between – that the adults officially welcomed the new year in with rousing cheers and kisses all around, some longer than others. They didn't last much longer, and it was in the lounge room the following morning that Graham discovered they had all succumbed to slumber. Swearing he had just shut his eyes, he groaned when he felt his eyelids being lifted by his daughters. Forcing himself awake, he found himself face to face with his two grinning, and very much awake, girls. Looking around blearily, he discovered that the heavy weight on his chest was Amanda, and that his sister's head was resting on the lap of her new boyfriend, his hand buried in her curls as they both continued to sleep. \"Ssh,\" he gestured to his two offspring. Both nodded with wide grins as he gingerly extricated himself from his ... girlfriend? lover? fiancée? wife? (He thought perhaps he was getting ahead of himself.) Ushering Sophie and Olivia past her aunt (and one day uncle?), they headed for the kitchen. Cupping his fragrant (necessary) brew of coffee in his hands, he watched his daughters quietly chatting away animatedly at the kitchen bench. Sensing company not long after, he turned with a smile when his sister entered the room. He nudged his head in the direction of the coffee and was greeted with a grunt as Iris did just that, before coming to stand beside him. Both Simpkens stood cupping their coffee, relishing the quiet morning. \"I've never seen you so happy,\" said Graham softly after some time. \"Funny,\" said Iris. \"I was about to say this is the happiest I've seen you in a long time.\" He grinned. \"I think you're more certain of yourself now.\" She snorted. \"And we both know you've never had that problem.\" He laughed aloud. \"True.\" Olivia's head popped up. \"What's funny?\" \"Adult joke sweetheart,\" explained Iris easily. \"Okay.\" They weren't joined by the other \"adults\" for another two hours, by which time the four Simpkens were outside building a snowman. What they didn't know was that before joining them, Amanda and Miles stood watching them from the window. \"I can't give this up,\" said Amanda softly, her smile equally soft as she watched Graham sprint after Sophie. \"Then don't,\" said Miles, as if it was the most natural response. \"I'm not going to.\" She turned to him in surprise. \"Are you...?\" \"I'm moving to England,\" he said in a definite tone. \"Girls like Iris are one in a million, and I'm not missing my chance.\" She just gaped at him. \"So you're going to move.\" She snapped her fingers. \"Just like that.\" \"Call it love,\" he grinned affably. She tried to process it. \"And it's not like there's not other work on this side of the Atlantic,\" she mused. \"Imagine,\" Miles teased. \"You can extend your empire.\" She hummed. \"And besides,\" he prodded. \"What's over there for you? Really?\" He left her to think as he headed for the coat rack. \"I'm heading out.\" Opening the door, he shivered. \"Going to miss the LA weather though!\" he threw back at her. Amanda took a moment to think, her eyes on the cosy scene before her. Could she do this? When Graham looked at the window just moments later and smiled at her with that smile that made her go all gooey inside, she realised that she was already smiling back, her hand raised in greeting. Her smile spread as Sophie and Olivia gestured for her to join them. Dashing outside – rapidly tugging on a coat, boots and gloves – she was ill-prepared for the snowball that hit her chest. Eyeing the far too innocent Graham, she ducked down, already gathering up snow in her palm. \"Game on.\" Twenty minutes later, she breathlessly flopped back onto the snow-covered ground. Graham flopped down beside her seconds later, and Olivia planted herself on his chest within moments. \"Oof.\" Sophie gleefully threw herself onto the ground beside her. \"Look! Snow angels!\" Amanda laughed as she turned to face the seven year old. Waiting a moment, she moved her own arms and legs to add her own. Sophie just looked at her in awe. Laughing and blissfully happy, her eyes met Graham's. Holding their gaze, she grinned. Closing the gap, she pressed her lips to his. She could definitely do this. Olivia scrambled off her father and headed for her sister. \"They're all kissing,\" she protested. \"Daddy and Amanda.\" She pointed to the tree where another couple made out, oblivious to all around them. \"Aunty Iris and Miles.\" Sophie sat up with the air of an all knowing body. \"That's cos they love each other,\" she said solemnly. \"Oh,\" concurred Olivia. \"Are they going to get married?\" \"Most likely.\" Olivia pondered this. \"I like Amanda. She could be our new mum.\" Sophie nodded. \"I think she'd do a good job.\" Olivia gasped in excitement. \"We could get cousins! Cos when Aunty Iris and Uncle Miles get married, they'll have babies!\" Sophie dropped her facade to join in her sister's excitement. \"That would be so cool.\" Meanwhile, the adults continued on, oblivious to the plans the children were making. Finito. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I own nothing, except my own creations. \"Happy New Year!\" Graham grinned as his young"},{"Movie":"The Holiday","Title":"Sick","Author":"rhapsodybree","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8033607","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I own nothing, except my own creations. \"Daddy!\" The scream was with such urgency and danger that Graham dropped everything he was doing and promptly ran to its source. \"Sophie?\" he panted, reaching out for her, his eyes busy looking over her form. \"What's wrong?\" His eldest daughter didn't want to be held, instead tugging him toward the couch where Olivia stood. \"Amanda's sick,\" said Sophie hysterically. \"You need to make her better.\" Graham knelt down beside the couch, looking at his fiancée in concern. \"Hey.\" \"It's just a cold,\" she reassured him with a sniffle. \"She's heating up,\" said Olivia solemnly, a hand on her forehead. \"Let's get you some chicken soup and into bed,\" said Graham softly. Gathering her into his arms, he frowned at her light weight. He needed to make sure she ate more. Olivia was most helpful opening doors and the like, but he noticed Sophie huddled in the corner, her arms across over her chest. He needed to sort that out soon. Tucking Amanda's tired body into the sheets, he pressed a kiss to her forehead before ordering her youngest daughter to stay put, as he would return soon. He planned a journey to the kitchen via the lounge room. He found his eldest daughter hadn't moved. As he neared her and kneeled, he saw she was openly sobbing. \"Oh Soph,\" he said, his heart breaking. Tugging her little form into his arms, he held her tight. \"What's wrong?\" \"Is Amanda going to die?\" she managed to ask between heaving sobs. He was taken aback. \"No, Amanda isn't going to die,\" he said. \"She's just got a cold. She'll be better soon.\" He paused a moment to look into Sophie's tearstreaken face. \"Why did you think Amanda would die?\" he asked gently. \"Cos last time Mummy got sick, she died.\" This declaration was accompanied by a new round of tears. Graham just held her close, tears in his own eyes. He hadn't thought she'd remember it like that. He had no idea how long he stood there hugging his daughter, but when he eased back, they both shared a watery smile at the sight of crying mirror images. He brushed the hair back from her face. \"Sophie,\" he began, then stopped. He needed to sit down for this and scooped his daughter into his arms. Comfortable, Sophie firm in his embrace on his lap, he took a deep breath and began again. \"Mummy was very sick for a very long time. The doctors tried very hard to make her better, but there wasn't anything they could do.\" \"Why didn't they just give her chicken soup?\" He choked on a laugh. \"Our All Magic Chicken Soup just wasn't strong enough sweetheart.\" \"But it will be enough for Amanda?\" Sophie pressed. \"Yes sweetheart, it will.\" Graham pressed a kiss to his little girl's forehead, tears threatening to spill yet again. \"Good,\" said Sophie in a definitive tone. \"I don't want to lose her.\" \"Neither do I,\" agreed Graham. \"So let's make some soup!\" He paused a moment to watch his resilient firstborn spring from his lap and sprint toward the kitchen. Sparing a glance upstairs, he thought of the other two females in his life. Taking a shuddering breath, he collected himself and headed for the kitchen to whip up some All Magic Simpkens Chicken Soup. Finito. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I own nothing, except my own creations. \"Daddy!\" The scream was with such urgency and"},{"Movie":"The Holiday","Title":"Mis mejores amigas","Author":"adicted-sesshomaru215","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6969987","Passage":"[Chapter 1] …Erase una vez unas amigas, muy unidas por cierto, pero, todas completamente diferentes: *Valeria: muy leal a ella, mantiene secretos muy bien guardados, te apoya cuando lo necesitas. *Perla: está contigo cuando la necesitas, nunca te fallara, o al menos eso creí… *Lucia: un poco alejada del mundo, pero consiente de lo que hace, las quiere a todas y les manda saludos, porque son las mejores amigas que deseo haber tenido. *María: justa con todos Vaya, hay más, pero estas son digamos las principales. Iban en la misma secundaria, siempre estaban juntas, pero… algo, como siempre tenía que ocurrir algo, no digo que sea malo, pero algo… Solo digo… como te sentirías, si estas completamente sola, o casi por completo, he de suponer que… los demás no lo comprenderán. Esto le ocurrió a Lucia… Hace poco, Lucia conoció a un chavo súper buena onda, este era amigo de otras amigas suyas, un día estaban juntos y… pues… resultaron muchas nuevas amistades. Ese chico se llamaba Mariano… el sorprendentemente se había enamorado de Perla. Al día siguiente Lucia se vio con Mariano, pues estaban en una actividad juntos, él le dijo que se había enamorado de Perla y pues ella se lo dijo a Perla. Paso el tiempo (no mucho a decir verdad), ellos se hicieron novios, pero no solo el amor se dio en ellos, sino que también en Valeria, se hizo novia del que antes era el mejor amigo de Lucia. Paso más tiempo, Lucia comenzó a sentir sola, pues sus amigas pasaban la mayor parte del tiempo con ellos dos… no se daban cuenta de que Lucia no superaba todavía aquel vacío que dejo un amor que había estado antes… que se llama Santiago. Mientras más pasaba el tiempo, la distancia era mayor, hasta que Lucia ya no puedo más… se separó completamente de ellas, puesto que no resistía estar cerca de un lugar en el que no encajaba. Un día en una fiesta a la que invitaron a Lucia, vaya sorpresa que se llevó, todos con pareja, ¿Cómo imaginas que se sentía ella en ese momento? Lo único que pudo hacer fue resistir lo que tenía por dentro, quizá hasta celos, pero de los buenos, porque por una parte ella estaba feliz de que sus amigas tengan alguien con quien compartir las cosas. Todo esto la llevo hasta el punto en que se sintió completamente sola, sin más, nadie en realidad comprendía como se sentía. -estas bien?-se acercó una vez a preguntarle Perla_ -si-respondió Lucia con un tono más o menos como de \"no te basta con verme\"-. Perla decidió no insistir más, se fue a su lugar. Más tarde, se le acerco otra amiga, junto con Perla y otros más. -Estas bien?-preguntaron de nuevo, no tuvieron respuesta-estas bien?-esta vez insistieron-. -si-respondió secamente-. -segura?-. -sí, siempre voy a estar bien, cada vez que me pregunte la respuesta será la misma, estoy bien, aunque en realidad estoy muriéndome porque estoy sola, porque no hay nadie que se escucha y entienda, porque todos están demasiado ocupados tratando de vivir sus visas, cosa que yo no puedo hacer, porque esa persona no está aquí, porque esa persona está en otro lugar, así que si, en conclusión estoy muy bien-. Todos quedaron completamente sorprendidos, no esperaban eso, pero quizá era tiempo de que ella se los dijera. Todo quedo así, ella se fue a su siguiente clase, llego el fin de semana y tuvo que ir a su grupo de música, una compañera se le acerco, la trato como si entendiera lo que ocurría, ella lo siento, Lucia sintió que era verdad, ella si la comprendía. Platicaron largo rato, la vida seguía delante y no esperaba a nadie. Paso más tiempo, Lucia trataba de asimilar las cosas, Santiago ya no estaba, se había ido a otra escuela, no iba a regresar jamás. Mientras más preguntas se hacía, la respuesta era la misma, \"estas sola\". Pero porque, pues porque todas tenían a alguien ya. Paso más tiempo… quizá aún no estaba lista para ver a sus amigas a los ojos, pero tenía que hacerlo. -Perla- se dirigió a ella-. -qué ocurre?-le respondió siempre con una sonrisa-. -discúlpame por haber sido una tonta contigo, tienes suerte de tener a alguien como Mariano a tu lado-. Ambas se pusieron a llorar mientras se abrazaban, las mejores amigas no pueden estar separadas, pero por un lado ellas habían sido un poco egoístas con Lucia. TODO QUEBA BIEN, YA SABEN CUAL ES EL FINAL, SOLO QUERIA QUE ME DISCULPARAN, DE ALGUNA MANERA ESTABA MAL, PERO TENIAN QUE COMPRENDERME UN POQUITO, PONERSE EN MI LUGAR 5 MINUTOS, LAS NECESITO MUCHO… SON LAS MEJOES: SARA MALENY ALEXIA PAULA YESENIA MAFER MONTSE CHARO GELI LAS QUIERO MUCHO, JAMAS HARIA ALGO QUE LAS LASTIMARA, POR MOLESTA QUE ESTE, PERDON SI LAS HE MOLESTADO. ESTA HA SIDO LA MEJOR MANERA QUE ENCONTRE PARA HACERLO. ….YAMILET… ","Summary":" …Erase una vez unas amigas, muy unidas por cierto, pero, todas completamente diferentes: *Valeria: "},{"Movie":"The Holiday","Title":"Broken","Author":"elianna.cullen","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8335661","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Los personajes no me pertenecen, son propiedad de Universal Studios (creo). Nunca pensé que podría atreverme a escribir algo sobre este fandom, pero mientras pensaba acerca de qué podría escribir, esto vino a mi mente. Sinceramente amo esta película, y aunque amo al personaje de Iris, mi pareja preferida es la de Amanda/Graham. Algún día escribiré de ellos. Por ahora, les dejo este pequeño one shot. Broken Iris nunca pensó que podría llegar a sentirse de esa manera, tan amada, tan segura. ¡Casi podía sentirse flotar en las nubes! La sonrisa, esa que él siempre decía que la hacía aún más bella, no abandonaba su rostro. ¿Por qué dejarla, si era la muestra de lo feliz que era a su lado? No creía que hubiera en todo Reino Unido una mujer que se sintiera de la forma en la que ella lo hacía. Era su propio cuento de hadas. Ese día todo le había ido de perlas, y se le ocurrió que podría sorprenderlo preparando una noche especial en el departamento que él aún no se animaba a dejar, a pesar de que se quedaba en él apenas un día a la semana; prácticamente vivía con Iris en la pequeña casita de ella. Iris fue a una tienda que le quedaba de camino de la oficina, y compró velas aromáticas, aceites para la bañera y comida italiana, la favorita de él . Aprovechó también para comprarse un juego de ropa interior que estaría segura que le encantaría puesto —e incluso más sin él. Cuando por fin llegó al edificio de departamentos, saludó a William, el portero, quien al verla tan feliz, prefirió omitir cierto detalle, y le devolvió el saludo con una sonrisa que sus ojos no compartían. William sabía algo, pero Iris no pudo imaginárselo siquiera. Con las llaves que él había dejado en su casa, Iris abrió la puerta y se dirigió de inmediato a la cocina a dejar la comida. Sin embargo, se extrañó de escuchar ruidos y ver la luz de la habitación encendida, puesto que se suponía que él llegaría en una hora, así que un poco asustada y con mucho cuidado fue a asomarse. Y entonces sucedió. Jasper estaba en la cama, pero no enfermo ni esperándola. Estaba muy ocupado en sus asuntos con una chica a la que Iris le pareció reconocer del departamento de Política, aunque no estaba segura. Iris no supo qué hacer. Se quedó en el umbral de la puerta, en shock, hasta que Jasper la vio y de inmediato se cubrió a él y a la chica con la sábana que estaba hecha nudo en el suelo. -Iris, querida… Eso fue lo que la hizo regresar, y soltando un gemido de dolor, corrió a la cocina por su bolso, y salió del departamento azotando la puerta. No había tenido oportunidad siquiera de quitarse el abrigo. Las lágrimas comenzaron a rodar por sus mejillas mientras esperaba el ascensor, el cual, como si fuera a propósito, tardó lo suficiente para darle tiempo a Jasper —quien apenas se puso el pantalón del pijama—de poder detenerla e intentar explicarle lo que había pasado. —No fue nada, Iris. Lo prometo. Yo te amo ti… pero, recuerda, cuadros y círculos…. Cuadros y círculos. Ella lo miró como si no lo conociera, y sin decir una palabra, se deshizo de su agarre del brazo, y entró al ascensor cuando este finalmente abrió sus puertas. Jasper intentó entrar también a él, pero Iris le cerró las puertas. Para su fortuna, William ya le tenía preparado un taxi en la puerta, por lo que Iris ya no tuvo que preocuparse de ello, y durante el trayecto, solamente pudo escucharse su llanto silencioso. Cada cierto tiempo se secaba las lágrimas de su rostro con la manga del abrigo. No fue sino hasta que llegó a su destino, le pagó al taxista y entró a su casa, que Iris se derrumbó. Gritando a pulmón abierto, y a gatas en la sala, tomó un cojín y se puso a aporrear la alfombra con él. Su llanto casi la ahogaba, pero el dolor de su corazón no la dejaba callarse, tranquilizarse. \" ¿Por qué? ¡¿Por qué?\" , no dejaba de repetir, en su mente o en voz alta. \" ¿Por qué a pesar de que lo había encontrado engañándola, no podía dejar de amarlo?\", se preguntó finalmente, haciéndose ovillo en el suelo. Ni ella misma tenía la respuesta para ello. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Dos meses después, una lluviosa tarde de agosto, Iris salía de la oficina un tanto insegura. No sabía si lo que estaba a punto de hacer era correcto o no, ni si en realidad quería hacerlo o no. Se detuvo en la acerca justo a un paso del borde, y releyó de nuevo el mensaje en su móvil: \"Salgamos a cenar. Te espero afuera del edificio a las 7.\" El sonido de un claxon la sacó de su ensimismamiento. —Iris, cariño, sube —la apremió un hombre de cabello rizado desde el interior de un Porshe azul marino. Las mariposas en su estómago revolotearon un poco, mientras que la cabeza empezó a darle vueltas. —Vamos, Iris. Suspirando, Iris metió el móvil en la bolsa de su blazer y subió al automóvil. —Hola, preciosa —la saludó el hombre, dándole un beso en la mejilla, muy cerca de la comisura de los labios. —Hola Jasper. ¿A que dan ganar de ir a darle un par de bofetadas a Iris? Y una paliza a Jasper, por supuesto. Pero bueno, de alguna forma algo así tendría que pasar para que la película tomara lugar. ¡Un saludo! ","Summary":" Los personajes no me pertenecen, son propiedad de Universal Studios (creo). Nunca pensé que podría "},{"Movie":"The Holiday","Title":"The Holiday that changed their lives","Author":"Alieh","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4795649","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Two Weeks That Changed Our Lives A/N- So I love the movie \"The Holiday\" but I'm always left wondering what happens after new years. Do Amanda and Miles just go back to LA and Iris and Graham stay in England? I guess we'll have to see… Rated- T (just incase) 1:00 AM January 1st 2007- Iris ran her figures through Sophie's hair, who was sprawled across the couch on top of her aunt and Miles after a long night of laughing and singing. \"Graham, I think it's time for this little girl to go to bed.\" Iris chuckled gazing down at her niece. \"Hmmmm… I think you're right sis.\" Graham replied walking over to the couch and picking up his eldest. \"I also think it's time for this one to go up stairs.\" He continued walking over to Olivia who had fallen asleep on Amanda's shoulder. \"Ummm, yeah.\" Amanda chuckled \"No Daddy…\" Olivia murmured trying to wake-up, \"I'm not tired yet.\" \"Me neither, Daddy. I'm not tired.\" Sophie said rubbing her eyes. \"Right girls. You're so tired you can't keep your heads up.\" Graham replied staring at his young daughters. \"No Daddy!\" They said in unison flashing adorable puppy dog eyes \"OK girls, come with me.\" Iris said getting up and ushering them to the stairs. \"I'll be right back.\" She said looking back at the three remaining people. Graham gave Iris a nod of appreciation as she hurried Sophie and Olivia to their room. Breaking the sudden silence Miles walked over to Graham and gave him a hardy pat on the back, \"Hey man, thanks so much for having me over for New Years.\" He said, \"The food, drinks and your kids were great.\" \"Oh no, it was my pleasure.\" Graham replied, \"After talking to my sister I couldn't wait to meet you…\" \"Alright, Sophie and Olivia are cleaned up and tucked in.\" Iris said coming down the stairs, \"I think they fell asleep before I turned off the lights. I think if I had stayed in there any longer I'd be in bed too.\" \"Thanks Iris.\" Graham said Iris' smile faded a little sensing a sudden silence, \"So I guess we'll head back in town. You know how John Roberts gets when his guest come in late and wake him up?\" Miles was staying at the Surrey Inn because Iris wasn't sure how people would fit in the cottage. He also didn't want to impose on her since it hadn't been that long since meeting. \"Hey I've got an idea.\" Graham said catching everyone off guard, \"Why doesn't Miles just stay here tonight? It's a forty minute drive into town and I don't want you driving anymore than you need to Iris.\" \"Well, ummm…\" Miles started as he glanced at Iris, \"I don't want to be a hassle.\" \"Oh it's no problem.\" Graham insisted, \"We've got a spare room down here and I can just take you back to the inn in the morning to pick your stuff up.\" \"I guess that'll work.\" Iris said shrugging her shoulders, \"Amanda, did you happen to see the spare room in the cottage?\" \"Honestly, I didn't.\" Amanda replied laughing. \"And how about this?\" Graham said clapping his hands together, \"I'll drop the girls off at Mum and Dad's house then we can all meet at the James house for brunch.\" \"Sure.\" They all replied. \"Sounds like a great plan. Now I think it's time to get home.\" Iris said giving Miles a peck on the lips. \"Happy New Years Graham.\" She said giving her brother a kiss on the cheek. \"Thanks for doing all this. It was fun\" \"You too sis.\" Graham said hugging his little sister. \"Good night honey.\" Amanda said wrapping her arms around Graham and kissing him. \"Good night.\" He replied returning her kiss. \"I love you.\" \"Bye girls.\" Graham called out as Iris and Amanda walked out the door. \"Bye!\" They said in unison waving back at their men. Climbing into Iris' red mini cooper Amanda and Iris leaned back and reflected on how amazing their year ended, looking forward to the next. ","Summary":" Two Weeks That Changed Our Lives A/N- So I love the movie \"The Holiday\" but I'm always left wonde"},{"Movie":"The Holiday","Title":"Winter's holiday","Author":"WesternLife21","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12767149","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was a cold day, snow covered almost anything and everything. In a little house on a children infested street, lived a girl by the name of Winter, her and her Dad john looked out for eathother through thick and thin since her mother died. It was alalmost Christmas and all the kids from her street were building snowmans, playing on the sleds or having snowball fights. Winter was pretty popular on her street, she had a best friend April, that lived on the street. They were the two oldest people on the street, the little youngsters would talk to them if they had any troubles with school or chorus. Winter's P.O.V (point of view) I woke up to the same annoying sound each day, my enemy, the reason im so happy (note the sarcasm) the alarm, I promised April i would go to her house and do some cool things before my dad and i go on our little trip, im starting to have second thoughts but a promise is a promise right! I swung my legs over and stretched my whole body and yawned before i stood up. Since it was snowing i grabbed a blue long sleeve shirt (blue is my favorite colour) and a black jacket and some jeans. I got dressed and beaded down stairs, my dad was cooking pancakes and had the heater going on through the whole house. \"well, well, well look who decided to wake up from their little cat nap\" my dad teased \"good morning to you to\" I said in annoyed tone \"i made ya some pancakes before you leave for April's house\" he said in his usual tone dropping the teasing tone completely \"thankyou i appreciate it\"\"you better\" he replied. After i had breakfast i put my beanie, gloves and my snow shoes on, as i opened the door the cold air hit my face and made me snuggle into my jacket further, the sound of snow crunching underneath me was all i could hear. I past a couple of houses and started to think about my dad and my trip out of town, im really gonna miss this town, the town, the snow, the people. As i approached April's house i could here excited screams coming from inside followed by a door opening and slaming shut, i couldn't see who opened the door due to the hedge that stood their but i had my fair guess that it was April. As i guessed April ran up to me faster then a cheetah down the driveway. \"OMG I MISSED YOU\" she shouted as she jumped and hugged me thinking i was gonna catch her but instead we fell over and laughed our heads off \"you just saw me yesterday\" i replied \"i know, i know but its nearly christmas and you will be away, im gonn-\" She couldn't finish her sentence because she burst into tears \"hey, hey, its okay we can still text eachother im only going to be away for a couple of weeks\" i tried to asure her. \"o-okay\" she wiped her tears away, and looked at me, we were the same height so we called ourselves twins, \"lets go inside and have fun then okay\" She said still trying not to cry \"okay\" i replied with a smile upon my face. After our little twin time we liked to call it i walked home to pack my bags we were leaving the next day and i wasn't even packed, god i don't even know where we were going we could be living in a cave for the next few weeks. When i got home i packed 4 suitcases and i brought 2 pillows just in case dad decided to be loud as usual. \"honey, can you come down here please\" my dad called \"depends\" i shouted back \"is that how its gonna be is it\" my dad said to himself i could just make out what he was saying when i heard footsteps, i got picked up off the ground and carried out of the room, i was placed on our little couch, my dad sat next to me, \"Winter, we are going to a city up south, now i know you don't like big crowds of peop-\"\"of course i don't like crowds of people i can deal with a bunch of kids but grown people touching me and walking around a city nah uh\" I said with a stern look upon my face so my dad would get what i mean \"Winter, i have a job interveiw up there, that pays good money we can't live in a tiny falling apart house forever can we\" he said with a small smile \" but my friends are here, everything i love an enjoy is here\" i cried knowing he meant we had to stay there forever \"please do this for me\" he said. April's P.O.V I was sitting on my couch waiting for my mother to finish lunch we were a fairly rich family i was watching 'pretty little liars' on our massive TV when i got a text from Winter it read, Winter:hey you there me: yea what's up Winter: i had a talk with my dad turns out we are staying at the city forever! me: WHAT! BUT ILL NEVER GET TO SEE YOU EVER AGAIN winter is offline i couldn't stop the tears from streaming down my face my best friend was leaving for good! and shes going to a city, everyone in our little town loves privacy and non crowded areas, she was leaving to go to a place like that, \"honey you okay\" my mother asked me in a worried tone, i couldn't talk so i showed her the message, at this point she was crying Winter was like a daughter to her and John her dad was like a husband he would always bring her flowers and chocolates, my father died when i was 6 another reason why Winter and i get along we both lost 1 part of us. \"m-mum sh-she and her d-ad are leaving t-tommorrow\" my mother stopped crying fully grabbed my arm and dragged me outside, she turned to me and kneeled down to my level brushed my blonde hair out of my face and said \"Winter and John are a big part of us they will not leave without a proper goodbye get in the car, we are going shopping\" i nodded my head and jumped in the car, my mum quickly ran inside and came out with a beautiful picture of Winter, John my mother and I standing in front of a christmas tree. We drove off to find a picture frame. Winters P.O.V I was sitting on my bed starring at my suitcase thinking about how much i hate my life right now we were leaving tomorrow and i was sitting on my bed sulking i didn't want to talk to anybody, but i never get my do i, a knock on the door caught me off guard i slid off my bed and sadly walked downstairs my dad was the first to open the door when i finally got to the door i didn't want to look up, i felt myself get engulfed in a big warm hug followed by crying i noticed it was April's mum \"oh darling you have been the kindest child i have ever met, your like a daughter to me im going to miss you, here\" she gave me a Christmas present \"don't open it until you get to your new house\" she quickly added \"o-okay\" i started to cry at the words the tall blonde in front of me said. \"im going to miss you Winter, we all will\" my dad started to tear up a little at those words, soon enough we were all crying our heart out. PLEASE READ THANKYOU SO MUCH FOR READING THIS STORY I KNOW IT WASN'T ALL THAT GOOD BUT IF YOU DID ENJOY IT PLEASE LIKE AND GIVE ME SOME IDEAS OF WHO WINTER SHOULD MEET AT THE CITY IN THE COMMENTS BELOW ","Summary":" It was a cold day, snow covered almost anything and everything. In a little house on a children inf"},{"Movie":"The Holiday","Title":"The Holiday 2","Author":"itsjustmel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4795639","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Things had gonenwell since Miles had come to England, Iris had decided, a glass ofnwine in her hand and a cigarette in the other. Usually, she did notnsmoke, but old time habits died hard… such was the nature of life.nHer eyes were focused on the sight outside from her frost-panednwindow. She smiled as her fiancé, Miles, slammed the boot to thenlandrover shut, before stumbling over the suitcase now half buried innsnow. She waved at him and placed down the wine on the oak sideboard,nwhich was littered with torn notes and old photographs. She headedntowards the door and no sooner had she opened it, she was presentednwith a soft kiss on her lips, and Miles gazed at her. 'I told younI'd be back for Christmas,' he said. 'Bloody hoped sonand all,' said Iris, grabbing the suitcase and hauling it insidenand dumping it in front of the couch, 'Else what would I havendone?' 'Not offer another house exchange, I hope.' Milesntook off his coat and draped it over the armchair, and then turned tonher with a cheeky grin. 'Right missy, are you going to make me somencoffee or do I have to do it myself?' 'Charming.' Irisntook the abandoned coat and hung it up with the others – hers andnhis – before frowning to herself. 'After a whole month beingnapart, the first thing on your mind is bloody coffee?' 'Notnbloody preferably—' he headed towards the kitchen and bustlednabout, getting down too mugs and filling the kettle, 'But yeah, younknow me well.' Iris sighed. 'A bit of romance would havendone me.' Miles copied her sigh before turning serious.n'Sorry, babe.' He wrapped his arms around her middle and gazed atnher with adoration in his dark eyes, 'I'll make it up tonyou.' She melted. 'Yeah – and you can start by notnmaking a mess…' her words vanished as he pressed a finger to hernlips and raised both eyebrows. 'No, no,' he said, 'that can benfixed… later.' 'Hmm. So you say.' 'I donsay…' he looked at her strange for a moment, before turning away.nHe flicked the stove on and then looked back at her. 'Iris, babe,nis something wrong?' Yes, she thought. 'No,nno not at all! I'm just tired, bad sleeping and all. I'll benfine!' He did not look convinced. 'Huh. You should see andoctor then, Iris.' 'Mmm…' she crouched down to lightnthe fire. As she straightened, she felt the warmth of his chest onnher back and the hot breath on her neck. Her eyes closed and shenturned, eyes closed and lips parted. His own lips met hers eagerlynand he took her by surprise when he wrestled her to the couch, stillnkissing fiercely. 'God…' his hands felt their way to her topnwhich was removed without another thought, 'I've missed this,nbabe, I've missed you…' You missed the sex more thannyou missed me? Bastard. Her own arms obediently unbuckled hisnbelt and slid off his jeans, and he groaned. 'Yeah, that'snthe…' he seemed lost for words as he pushed his weight againstnhers, longing for that closeness. A closeness, Iris decided, she justnwasn't feeling. * * * * * * * * * * 'Graham?' Amanda sat up in her double bed, pulling off a sleeping masknand throwing it on the floor with little care. The side next to her,nusually occupied by her husband, Graham, was strangely vacant.nPerhaps he had gone to check on the girls… 'Graham?' shencalled again. She swung her slim legs over the side of the bed andnpadded onto the landing. 'Where have you got to?' 'Oh,nnot too far I'd say…' she turned around and there he was;ntrousers and nothing else. His hair was tousled and his eyes seemedncircled with exhaustion. 'I was working in the office,' he said,nanswering her unasked question as he walked closer, an apologeticnhint in his eyes, 'Business is demanding and unfortunately, seeingnas I'm working from L.A. now, my workload seems to have doubled.nTripled, even.' 'I've told you,' Amanda sighed;nwatching him rub his eyes sleepily, 'You don't need to worknanymore.' 'And I've told you I'm not living off yournmoney.' 'Go to bed… I can take care of the girls…' 'Nonneed.' Graham held up a hand and smiled tiredly, looking at hernfrom underneath his long eyelashes. 'They're staying at anfriend's for today and tomorrow.' 'Thanks for tellingnme,' said Amanda, only half jokingly. He shifted his weightnfrom one foot to the other and sighed. 'Is it because we didn'tnhave sex last night?' She smiled. 'It could have been…'nher hands rested on his warm body and he took control for a moment,nall fatigue lost, as he pushed her against the wall and rested a handneither side of her head. 'Could have been,' he repeated, his facenclose to hers, 'That's something I don't like to hear…' Amandanlooked up at him, her lips parting. 'Then I'm sorry…' Hisnlips met hers and in a battle for dominance her hands entanglednthemselves in his curls, her hips brushing against his thighs ever songently. His tongue slid over hers, warm and soft, and he wrapped bothnarms around her tightly, pulling her body closer to his. He pushednher into the bedroom, where he dropped her gently to the bed beforenpulling off his trousers. Her legs wrapped around him and dragged himncloser in a swift movement, and his jaw tightened as he suppressed anlight groan. His kisses varied from her mouth and dotted over herneyelids, cheek, chin and neck. They were lost in a moment of passion,nand just as she was about to pull her skirt off, the phonenrang. 'Ignore it,' she muttered into his neck, eyesnclosing as his mouth kissed her chest very delicately. He did, for anmoment, but it persisted and so he answered. 'Hello? Carol, oh, hi…nno. The piece isn't complete… WHAT DO YOU MEAN THAT'S NOT GOODnENOUGH?' Amanda jumped at his sudden anger and slid back,ndrawing the covers of the bed over her. His tiredness was morenprofound now; the paleness on his once tanned skin seemed so…nstartling. It didn't suit him and all. His eyes were sunken butnthey still held the glitter, the magic… 'I WAS ISSUED THATnDOCUMENT LAST NIGHT, AT ELEVEN PM CAROL; DON'T TELL ME IT'S NOTnGOOD ENOUGH! IT'S ONLY… Amanda, sweetheart, what time is it?'nHe glanced at her. Amanda started. 'Oh, um…' she glancednat her BlackBerry, '9am.' '9AM!' Graham slammed hisnfist down onto the bed and Amanda winced inwardly. 'I HAVE TO SLEEPnTOO YOU KNOW! I SWEAR TO YOU CAROL, IT WAS GOING TO BE DONE BY THISnLUNCH! … Yes, I emailed the piece on child abuse to you… yes…nyes; it'll be done by 1pm, if not sooner. Goodbye.' He slammednthe phone down and turned to her apologetically. 'I'mnsorry.' 'You should quit, I could get you a job easily…'nAmanda's eyes narrowed. 'I like my job for the most part,'nhe pointed out, 'I just don't like being over worked. They thinknthat because I've gone to L.A I have the most time in the world,nand I don't, I have the same twenty four hour as anybody else. Injust wish they'd back off a bit…' his hand rubbed his forehead.n'Oh, sorry. Where were we?' She smiled coyly at Graham,nwhose own smile widened as she gently placed both hand on eithernshoulder and sat tormentingly on his lap. 'Oh… let me think…'nHer hands cupped either side of his face and her kiss met hers oncenmore. Graham responded for the best part but pushed her away after anmoment. 'No, the mood has gone. Listen…' he kissed her neck andnthen her lips once more, causing her to shudder pleasantly, 'I'llnhave a few hours sleep and then we can…' he kissed her shoulder, 'Continue?' 'Sounds good to me,' Amandanmurmured. He kissed her once more then climbed into bed, andnhis head hit the pillow in seconds. He must be really bad, shenthought sadly, standing up and padding over to her computer. !nPing ! 'Oh, it's an IM from Iris…' she sat in the seatnand maximized the conversation, smiling widely. IRIS: Hey, Amanda Panda. How's it going with my brother? Amandansmiled and proceeded to type back quickly. AMANDA: Good, but the company is over working him. He's done so manynreports in just a few weeks, its un nerving. How are things for Milesnand you? IRIS: Not too bad. AMANDA: Not too bad?nSpill, girl. IRIS: It's gone. AMANDA: What'sngone? IRIS: The attraction. I think it's temporary, butnthe first thing he said he'd missed was the sex. And then me. Notnquite so blunt obviously, but that's how it sure felt. AMANDA: Don't worry, he's a guy. So he missed the sex more than he missednyou… you must be pretty good at shagging if he misses it. IRIS: True. It's probably just me. So, are you still madly innlurve? AMANDA: Of course. I wouldn't be anywhere withoutnGraham. Gods, Iris, he makes me feel alive. I love him so much. IRIS: I'm happy for you. I have to go; Miles wants me to listen to hisnnew music… AMANDA: Tell him to email me the sound wave! Inwant to hear it too. IRIS: Will do. Ta ta for now. AMANDA: Bye! ","Summary":" Things had gonenwell since Miles had come to England, Iris had decided, a glass ofnwine in her hand"},{"Movie":"Legend, 2015","Title":"The girl","Author":"ClaraFlowers","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11847882","Passage":"[Chapter 1] My brother once said that to love someone didn't mean you have to be sexually attracted to them, that you didn't need to have that urge to rip off their clothes and ravage them. That was lust, he thought of them as two completely different things. I could never agree or disagree with him because I didn't know what it felt like to be in love, to me it was something I could dream to maybe have a small taste of one day. Who knew that I would , with her. She was back. The girl who would become both our obsession. Chapter 1: People said lots of different things about Reggie Kray, the people in the East End said that he was a good man, that he was kind, kept them safe and stopped the crime in the area. Others would say that he was a bad man, that he was dangerous, that he was a gangster and he wouldn't deny it, he would just say he was a club owner. Reggie Kray smoothed the blazer of his suit and then ran his hands over his hair one more time making sure every strand was slicked back and in place. Once he gave himself a once over in the mirror he nodded and went down the stairs. He said good morning to his father who was sat down in his usual armchair, reading his newspaper. He went into the kitchen, where his mother was making breakfast and gave her a kiss on the cheek. \"Good morning Ma\" he said smiling as he took the mug of tea she handed him. If there was one thing that was well known around town, was that the Kray twins loved their mother. She knew what they did was wrong but she was still there to support them and was still encouraging because she thought her boys deserved more out of life, they deserved everything. More than what the East End had to offer. She set a plate of scrambled eggs and bacon, with toast on the side on the table in front of him. \"Thanks Ma\" he said, giving her a wink, she smiled back at him and squeezed his right shoulder before heading into the living room, to give her husband his breakfast. When she came back in, she sat down in front of her son and told him about all the gossip. \"It'll be nice when our dear Ronnie gets home.\" his mum said, Reggie reached over and took one of her hands in both of his, \"Don't worry Ma, I'll make sure he's home soon.\". Violet nodded and patted his hands with her free hand, \"I know you will, because you're my good boy. Always looking after your brother.\". Of course he was always looking after his brother, somebody had to. \"I better get going Ma.\" Reggie said as he stood up and leant over to kiss his mum on the check. On his way out he said goodbye to his dad who was happily reading the newspaper and munching on his breakfast. Albert who was his right hand man was waiting outside, standing beside Reggie's car where his driver Frankie sat happily in the drivers seat. As Albert started to tell him about some things he had missed the previous night, he pulled out a cigarette. Just then a cab stopped in front of the house a cross the street. Ignoring Albert, he lit his cigarette and took a drag as he watched the cab. The door opened and Reggie was blew away, an angel stepped out of the cab. He cigarette remained forgotten in his mouth as he starred, she was tall and lean yet had lovely delicate curves. She was beautiful, with high cheekbones, plump lips that a man would give everything he had to kiss and a small elegant nose. From across the street he couldn't see the colour of her eyes but he was pretty sure they were a light colour. She had long pale blonde hair that shone in the sun, it reached halfway down her back in large luscious curls. She had an air of elegance and beauty that he had never seen before, in either the East or the West End. He looked over at Albert and Frankie and saw that he wasn't the only one who noticed the beauty. The front door across the street opened and out came Mrs Song well Miss Song as she often liked to correct them all, she opened her arms wide and hugged the blonde beauty. Reggie and Albert looked at each other and Albert whispered lowly \"Arabella\". Reggie looked back over to the house facing his childhood home and all he could think was that she was back, the little blonde girl who had his brother, Ronnie wrapped around her little finger before she could even walk and talk. The reason his brother went on a mental rampage and nearly paralysed a man, the reason his brother was in jail for nearly 3 years before ending up in a nut house. He was terrified of what his brother's reaction was going to be.[Chapter 2] Sorry for the long wait , hope it is worth it and thank you to all the people who reviewed my story, it has really encouraged me to continue! I'll update soon! Chapter 2: The Kray boys were known as little trouble makers by the age of 8, always playing pranks on others or getting in to fights much to the displeasure of their mother who had hoped at least one of them would be good in school and become a doctor or a lawyer. It all started on a hot day at the start of July when Violet Kray was walking back with her sons after a day at the local swimming pool. A very fancy and expensive looking car pulled up in front of the house across the street from where she lived with her husband and two sons. It had been sold the previous month and had been renovated but nobody had yet to see the new owner, it was the talk of the street. She stopped in her tracks when she saw a woman jump out of the car, she was beautiful, she looked like she should be on a stage rather than here in the East End but at that moment she was clearly in distress. She was shouting and crying as another figure appeared from out of the car, it was a man who was clearly at least a decade older than the woman but still very handsome and impeccably dressed. The driver also exited the car and removed a few large bags from the trunk before rushing back to the driver's seat to get away from the argument. Violet noticed that people from all over the street had stepped outside of their homes to see what the noise was. As she looked back over to the shouting couple, she noticed the man had opened the car door and reached into grab something. It was a baby who was screaming, he forcibly handed the baby to the woman before dropping a set of keys at her feet and getting back in the car. As the car drove off, Violet noticed the woman crumble to her knees, crying and struggling to hold the screaming baby. She quickly told Reggie to go get his father before rushing over to the woman, she took the baby in fear that the woman would drop it and tried to soothe her. Violet's husband was over in no time and had put all of her things in the house before helping the woman up and ordered by his wife to bring her over to their home. After about half an hour of crying, the woman stopped and was apologizing. Violet was still holding the baby, \"Her name is Arabella\" the woman whispered before continuing her story \"her father, that prick you just saw is married which he had failed to mention until after I told him I was pregnant. Now he's abandoned us, sure he bought us a house and will send money but my daughter deserves a father, someone to look after her.\" She said as a few tears fell again. \"I'll help look after her and I'll protect her!\" a small voice said by the kitchen door, it was Ronnie. The woman smiled, \"That's very sweet.\" Ronnie went and sat beside his mum to get a good look at the baby he had vowed to protect and at that moment Ronnie Kray's heart burst with love. Reggie never understood why his brother spent nearly every minute he could in Miss Song's house across the street, he didn't understand why he liked spending so much time with the screaming brat. It had just started walking according to Ronnie who was so proud. It was all he talked about, he didn't play football with him and the lads anymore, didn't get into fights after school anymore because he was always at that damn house , even his mother was always talking about the baby who she helped look after when Miss Song was working. So he decided to go see what all the fuss was about. Knocking on the door, he knew that Miss Song would answer because Ronnie was in detention for yet again not doing his homework. She opened and smiled when she saw Reggie, \"No Ronnie today?\" she asked. He shrugged his shoulder before telling her that he would probably be here after he was done with detention. She invited him in and asked him if he wanted a soda, as she was in the kitchen getting him his drink he noticed a small crib in the living room with the brat sleeping inside. Miss Song came out and handed him his drink, \"Would you mind keeping an eye on her while I go get dressed for work?\" he was unsure but still nodded and watched as the pretty young woman went up the stairs. The baby started to cry, he quickly looked around, not knowing what to do. He walked over and as soon as she saw him, she stopped and reached her hands out, probably thinking he was Ronnie. He held out his hand and smiled lightly as the baby wrapped her fingers around two of his own fingers, maybe she wasn't that bad after all… The Kray twins were nearly 21 when it happened, Arabella had just turned 13 and Ronnie still doted on her, she was a little beauty and Ronnie was always glaring at the boys who talked to her when he picked her up at school. Reggie never understood, he had once confronted his twin, worried for the little girl but Ronnie had told him he liked men which had washed away any fears he had about his feelings towards the little girl so in Reggie's eyes he knew his brother was just he had about his feelings towards the little girl so in Reggie's eyes he knew his brother was just protecting the girl he had watched grow up. Her father had made an appearance then, both brothers recognized him, he was in politics and was very influential. He had decided that having Arabella as a daughter would be advantageous, his other daughter who was far from a beauty would never be able to help him seal a deal but he knew Arabella to be beautiful, even at her age and would blossom even more. So only a few weeks after Arabella's birthday, she was whisked off to some fancy boarding in Paris. And Ronnie's heart broke that day. Sure the letters had helped, the phone calls too and the two week visit during the summer was when Ronnie was at his happiest but slowly, the phone calls came less and less and the letters were less frequent and soon the visits stopped. Miss Song turned to alcohol and men and Ronnie turned to his work and violence. One day he just snapped, nearly paralysing a man, he was sentenced to 3 years in jail and nearly half a year before his 3 years were up, he was sent to the madhouse.[Chapter 3] HI guys! Unfortunately this isn't an update, my laptop died on me at the start of September and I don't have the money to buy another one. I'm currently a full time student and can't find a part time job. So you guys will just have to wait, when I do get the chance to use a computer I do my courseworK. When I'm able to afford a laptop I will get straight back into writing. I'm sorry guys for the wait. Clara ","Summary":" My brother once said that to love someone didn't mean you have to be sexually attracted to them, th"},{"Movie":"The Holiday","Title":"The Holiday 2","Author":"kriann18","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4837880","Passage":"[Chapter 1] After spending the New Year's at Graham's place in England Amanda flew back to LA. While Miles stayed at the Rose Hill cottage in Surrey with Iris for a week more. Before flying back to LA, Amanda and Graham agreed that they were going to try to make their long distance relationship work. They will write, talk and see each other more often. And that goes the same for Miles and Iris' relationship. Amanda went on with her trailer making business and Miles in composing musical scores for movies in LA. While Graham still works as an editor and Iris a journalist in London. For quite sometime everything was going on smoothly with the two couples. But time came when they were all busy, the calls and mails are now rare that caused their relationships in rut. To save their relationship Graham decided to surprise Amanda in LA. When Graham was in LA Amanda was on her busiest and she rarely had time for Graham that caused an argument and ended up them breaking up. Graham went back to England for his daughters and her job with a heavy heart as he deeply loves Amanda and didn't want their relationship to end that way. Miles and Iris on the other hand overcame the pressure on their relationship, they alternately cross the Atlantic to see each other every now and then. When Amanda wasn't busy anymore it sank on her what happened between her and Graham. She was so down that she shut almost everybody out from her life. She spent most of her days in her bedroom crying and sulking over her relationship. She thought that she only had herself to blame as Graham did his part to save them. And it's the second failed relationship in just a matter of year. Amanda thought about going away and spending time with herself alone but dropped the idea as she realized that's what she did before and she only ended up in another failed relationship. She just went on sulking and brooding over her life, she now wishes that she can't cry again so not to feel weak from all the weeping she's going through every waking moment of her life. She secluded herself. Literally, she just wants to stop living at all. With this, her concerned employees were so worried about her and they tried to contact Amanda's family so they could come and help her go through with everything.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 \"Oh my god! I am sonfreaked out now!\" said Michelle, Amanda's assistant. \"Why? What's wrongnis your baby sick or anything?\" asked Daniel, Amanda's othernemployee in her trailer making business. \"God, no! I callednAmanda's mom but she's not in the country, she went to visit thenDalai Lama with his Buddhist husband. She only gave me Amanda'sndad's number and told me to ask him instead to come and see theirndaughter. I called Dave's house and surprise, surprise he can'tnmake it either and instead the guy gave me the number of this Annikanperson.\" ranted Michelle while catching her breath. \"Hold back a littlenthere, who's Dave? And who's \"this Annika person\"? Danielnstopped Michelle on her ranting. \"Aren't younfollowing Daniel? Dave is Amanda's dad and I think Annika isnAmanda's half sister.\" explained Michelle. \"If this is Amanda'snfamily we are talking about then why are you so freaked out?\"nDaniel asked more confused \"God! Where have younbeen all this time Daniel Harris? Amanda only met Annika twice andnshe didn't like her as she thinks that she's the reason why herndad divorced her mom. Amanda's dad had an affair with Annika'snmom and they had a child while he and Marie were still together.nAnnika was born when Amanda was only 12 but her parents divorced whennshe was 16.\" explained Michelle. \"Now, I see yournpoint. She would be raging mad if this Annika came here. Should wenquit our jobs now?\" Daniel added in a panicky voice. \"What is yournproblem? We can't leave her in this situation. We should be herenfor her. And besides she pays us the big bucks!\", answered Michellenback. \"Ok. But how will wentell her about her half sister popping on the door? \"Hey Amanda,nyou have a visitor, your sister, be good to each other or else yourndad will spank you both!\"\" Daniel half joked. \"We should come upnwith something before Monday, she said she'll be flying in from NewnYork for work and maybe she would stop by Monday or Tuesday.\" \"Great, so we stillnhave five more days to look for another job.\" said Danielnsarcastically. \"Who's coming overnfrom New York? And who's looking for a job?\" Amanda inquired asnshe lets herself in the office. Michelle and Danielnlooked at each other with panic plastered on their faces. \"Uhmmm…. Michelle'snsister!\" \"Yes! My sister!nShe's moving in from… from Newark, and she's hoping to find anjob here in LA.\" stuttered Michelle. \"Well, that'sntimely, we need a new staff as we have a handful of projects comingnin next week. Tell her to come on Tuesday.\" said Amanda as shenwalks out the door. \"Thanks for helping,nreally appreciate it!\" \"You're welcome\" \"I'm beingnsarcastic here.\" said Michelle while rolling her eyes.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 Monday morning Amandanwalked in to her office and found Michelle and Daniel working on somenprojects they have. \"Hey! Morning!\"nAmanda greeted her employees cheerfully. \"Morning! Somebody'snchirpy as a bird today.\" said Daniel. \"Hey, I heard that!\"nAmanda acted hurt. \"I meant you too. Andnthank god for whatever it is that happened to you while you werenasleep last night!\" joked Daniel. \"Ouch! I'm sorry ifnI was being so off these past days.\" \"Days?\" \"You know what Inmeant. Fine. These past weeks. You know it's just so hard for me,ngoing through all these again\" \"We understand whatnyou're going through. Just remember that we're still here for younand you can talk to us about anything. We'll listen. We'renfriends, right?\" said Michelle comfortingly. \"I know that, I'mnso sorry and thank you for everything. And talking about 'talkingnabout anything', I'm going out for lunch. I'm meetingnsomebody.\" Said Amanda. \"Oh so you're onnthe dating game again, huh?\" teased Daniel. \"Uh-oh no! I'm notngoing down that road again anytime soon. I got a call from Annika andnapparently she's in town and wants us to 'catch up'.\" \"Huh? So she called?nWhen?\" Michelle can feel beads of sweats on her forehead. \"Last night, whilenyou were both working late.\" \"So, you talked tonher and you're having lunch with her later? How is that evennremotely possible? Did hell just freeze over?\" Daniel askednsurprised. \"Hey that's mean!nI'm not really sure. When I heard her on the phone, I felt good. Indon't know. And the other thing I don't is how she got my number!nI'm not even listed.\" \"Maybe from yourndad?\" Michelle said hesitatingly. \"Impossible! Hendoesn't have my number too!\" \"Maybe it's a signnor maybe the universe conspired? Or something?\" Daniel added. \"Yeah, I'll lean onn'somebody conspiring', but anyway thanks guys.\" \"What are you talkingnabout?\" \"Daniel, you'venbeen working for me for over three years and you know what you'renstill the worst liar I've ever known.\" \"Is that a good thingnor what?\" \"It is if I am thenjudge but it isn't if I'm the suspect of killing somebody.\"nAmanda laughingly said. \"She's made a joke!nThank heavens!\" \"Hallelujah!\"nDaniel uttered laughing. \"And one more thing..nMichelle, you're a terrible liar too. I can perfectly remember thatnyou sister's in Chicago, not Newark, New Jersey. So please gonthrough with all the applicants résumé's and inform me right awaynif we have the perfect candidates. See you later.\" Amanda walked out ofnthe office and left her two employees and friends shocked. \"Did that reallynhappen?\" asked Michelle unbelievingly. \"So that means we'renoff the hook and we got to keep our jobs!\" \"Hallelujah again!\" Both resumed to theirnwork laughing over what just happened. ","Summary":" After spending the New Year's at Graham's place in England Amanda flew back to LA. While Miles stay"},{"Movie":"Stoker","Title":"Quelques traits","Author":"suzyrubyjane","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12705167","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey, Film : Stoker. Crédits : Park Chan-Wook (à qui l'on doit notamment le chef-d'œuvre qu'est The Handmaiden , et oui !) Type : Drabble. Genre : Famille. Bonne lecture, du moins je vous le souhaite, QUELQUES TRAITS DE FUSAIN Elle s'était évertuée à gribouiller toute la journée sur cette même feuille, en panne d'inspiration. Elle contemplait le monde autour d'elle, et s'interrogeait sur la possibilité éventuelle d'exploiter son art et de le dévoiler à qui voulut bien le voir : hélas, elle ne se permettrait jamais une telle extravagance. Ce serait, déjà, outrageant et affligeant pour son père qui serait terriblement déçu, par ailleurs. Ces traits de fusain étaient une manière pour elle de fuir une réalité bien plus sombre qu'il n'y paraissait : elle essayait tant bien qu'en mal de cacher sa véritable nature. Mais, plus les jours avançaient, et plus elle faiblissait à vue d'œil. Il ne fallut pas être un génie pour deviner qu'elle souffrait véritablement d'un grand mal. Charlie étant décédé, elle n'avait désormais plus personne vers qui se tourner. Celui-ci s'était comporté tel un mentor envers elle, la complimentant pour ses nombreux talents comme la chasse ou encore, le piano. Elle voulait démontrer à sa mère qu'au-delà du fait qu'elle vienne d'une riche famille, elle aurait pu s'en sortir tout de même. Et cela, elle était résolue à le prouver. Ars longa, vita brevis. ","Summary":" Hey, Film : Stoker. Crédits : Park Chan-Wook (à qui l'on doit notamment le chef-d'œuvre qu'est The "},{"Movie":"Stoker","Title":"India","Author":"hung drawn and quartered","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10816575","Passage":"[Chapter 1] India, quiet like a mouse but cunning like the snake in his mother bible that seduces humanity with temptation. She's an enigma, cards folded closely at her breast. Everyone knows that there's something wrong with India. She different and not in the way that school and parents try to convince you is a good difference. India rarely speaks to anyone unless it would allow her personal gain. She observes life as the predator she is. Cold and calculating; her fingers itching for the trigger of her hunting rifle. For the adrenaline born of a good hunt. India has only felt something a kin to love only three times in the eighteen years of he life; for her father, her housekeeper and for the briefest of moments for her prey as she finds and understands their weakness and punctures the life out of them with a bullet or the blade of her knife. That was how India knew love. ","Summary":" India, quiet like a mouse but cunning like the snake in his mother bible that seduces humanity with"},{"Movie":"Stoker","Title":"Duett","Author":"tetristech","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10598771","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Did she trust him? Did she want him there? Was she comfortable in his presence? Was his motive of pure consolation sincere? These were questions India found herself asking herself with which she all answered simply. No. But when he out his arms around her to further their duet she couldn't help, but admit the atmospheric change. Before she played alone in a contemplative manner pondering things far beyond her comprehension while idly moving her fingers to match musical notes. Then when Uncle Charlie sat down the air became dense and the tension in India was evident. Together they skillfully matched one anothers tact; Charlie enjoying the melodious melee and India angered at he fact that this stranger dare challenge her. Their expressions gave way to this as Charlie wore a clever smile and India's brows were seemingly in a permanent furrow. But it all changed when Charlie put his arms around her to continue the song. He flustered and charmed her, but she refused to let it show. She didn't have to. He knew exactly what he was doing to her and he darkly smirked because of it. The song began to pick up in tempo and India's breathing quickened. He caressed his chest against her back and rested his head on her uper back listening to her breathe; basking in the response he so easily caused her to yield. This feeling was something she had never felt before. She crossed her ankles as she felt the electricity of her and Charlie playing such sweet music together and the tingling that began to trouble her untouched areas. She began to breathe faster and faster and as the song reached it's climax so did she. Her fingers glided over the notes as she became closer and closer, her Uncle Charlie smiling all the while when finally she finished in all senses of the word. When she finally worked up the nerve to look beside her, Uncle Charlie was gone. ","Summary":" Did she trust him? Did she want him there? Was she comfortable in his presence? Was his motive of p"},{"Movie":"Stoker","Title":"(in)complete","Author":"Aisu-c0de","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9706038","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N : I don't see much fic in this fandom. I had high expectations… I wanted India and Charlie together. Humm. I can honestly say I'm disappointed with the ending. Anyway, I fell in love with Stoker after watching the movie. I don't watch that much movies (well, I do, but I dont... like, watch/know 60% of the newest ones), and didn't know that much with psychological horror genre. But it was beautiful—although initially a tad bit confusing. And I was never a fan of incest, but this one is… different. It's… unique, and sweet in it's own way, and the conflict are intriguing, and… it's… oh well. Just enjoy! Warning : Spoiler, and…and…idk what else. Blood? Disclaimer applies. To tell the truth, India Stoker never really felt anything stir inside her chest. Well, except for the time when her father died. Or seeing Whip die. But it was more of a shock than any others. She was not one known to show much emotion. Even when her Dad—the one closest to her—died, the neighbors were murmuring about her expressionless façade—how she had not shed even a single tears of mourn or even frown all the while thorough the ceremony despite her sorrow inside. When she was bullied, she beaten them all merely by her unresponsive attitude and cold stare, accompanied by her straight expression. There was a time when her first pet—a white fluffy bunny—died tragically, and she only stood there staring at the dripping blood, finding it even slightly fascinating. Her heart always felt so hollow, so empty. Yet—what was it? The thing happening inside her chest right now? India stared at the scene in front of her without expression. She put down her long gun and nonchalantly dropped it to the floor. The air was filled with the thick scent of blood as the red stain on the carpet got bigger. India observed the spreading color, surprised that it didn't really fascinate her as much. She lifted her gaze slightly, resting it on the male figure laying on the carpet. As if on instinct, she stepped slowly, approaching it, ignoring her mother's heavy choking and horror stare. When the tip of her high heel touched his leather shoes, she bent over and crouched closer. The moonlight was shining brightly through the broken window, illuminating Charlie's motionless body. India found her gaze locked to him as her small hands half consciously ran through his shirt, feeling his chest beneath the fabric, tracing down gently. She cupped the side of his face—which she always found gorgeous, although she'd never admit it. Her small hands gently turned his head, now his hollow blue eyes looking at her. As she caressed his cheek, she remembered how those eyes would glint every time he looked at her. How it shone as he made she wore her first high heels. How it would lock her brown ones so alluringly, and how she felt so filled, so completedevery time their gaze lock. Her fingertips ran across his lips, remembering his mischievous smirk. She remembered how it would smile so slightly as he waited by his car in front of her campus, not giving up after all the times she had ran away. And also that one genuine smile that slowly crept up all the way to the corner of his eyes as he told her that he loved her, that everything he did was for her. Now what had she done to repay that? Slowly, India leaned closer to his cold chest as she took in the comforting fragrance of sandalwood mixed with blood. Her hands laced itself around his motionless body, and she held him into a tight embrace. Evelyn stared with horror as she crawled out of the room, leaving the two bathed in moonlight. India breathed in and held him tighter. And much to her surprise, warm liquid poured out of her half lidded eyes. Why? Why did she only realize it now? That she felt so much more complete with him, in his embrace? Now it felt hollow—something was lacking. His warmth. She imagined how he'd hold her close and firm, if his soul was still present—how his smile would grow as he reached for her cheek. Her mind recalled the words of his letters. ' I hate being touched, India, and I know you do too. However, I'm sure having you in my embrace would be an exception, as I would love it greatly. I wonder if you think so, too.' \"Yes, Uncle, I think so too,\" she mumbled into his chest with a trembling voice. Never did in her life had she experienced regret. But her chest sunk deeper as she took in the fact that he was gone. He was the only one to understand her feeling of emptiness. He would be the only person not to cringe as she laid down to the ground, her ears listening the sound of bunnies and rats underneath. He'd be the only person who could understand if she ever pointed to an eagle flying far up the sky, between the ragged clouds. And the way he said her name. His alluring low tone and lips movement—how it fascinates her every time. But staring at his lips, she knew she would never hear it again. \" Charlie,\" she whispered—the first time she had ever called his name. She looked up with teary eyes, meeting his hollow façade. 'Wont you come back?' she pleaded in her heart, knowing the answer already. Then, almost hesitantly, she leaned into his cold lips in a long kiss. Their first kiss. She noticed that his mouth smelled like mint. India regretted that the first kiss she shared was with Whip—done due to her anger and frustration. If only she knew. Pulling back, she stared at his face again. After planting the beauty of his clear blue eyes deep into her memory, she closed his eyes. India hugged Charlie tight again, taking in as much of his scent as possible, before she—hesitantly—let go of her hold and stood, wiping her tears. Silently, she dragged his dead body to the backyard thorough the halls, leaving a thick trace of deep scarlet along the way. She was going to have the longest funeral of her life. The day after, she would be leaving. And maybe, she would eventually find something to fill that now bigger hole inside her heart. A/N : Wow, did this in less than half an hour. Now you see what I can achieve when inspiration strikes. Not that the story's that original, but… Well, about India and Charlie. It's very unique, and it prickled my interest—about how these two feel so different and detached from the rest of the world, and how the were the only one, seemed to made perfectly just for each other. And…. Ugh, if you watch Stoker, you'd know what I mean. If you haven't? Seriously, go watch it. Why are you reading this if you haven't anyway? I had my eyes on Stoker ever since I saw the coming soon poster on the cinema. I was expecting something else, to tell you the truth, but I quite enjoyed the movie either ways. Reviews are golds and diamonds to me! Hope you enjoyed it. Aisu ","Summary":" A/N : I don't see much fic in this fandom. I had high expectations… I wanted India and Charlie toge"},{"Movie":"Stoker","Title":"A Pair of Saddle shoes","Author":"Zara Allegra Vespertine","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9493284","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: A short, one-shot about India Stoker's saddle shoes. I've been obsessing nonstop about this movie that last night, I was filled with a resolve to fill FF with a lot of Stoker-inspired one-shots. Hahaha.. I wanted to buy the same saddle shoes that India wore in the movie. oOoOoOoOo They came every year, those sturdy saddle shoes in white and blue color. Always in a white box, covered with tissue paper and tied with a thick, yellow silky ribbon. And without fail, she would wear them with her birthday dress. Her mother, Evelyn, had stopped insisting on the style of birthday dress she wanted her to wear. Every time she comes down the stairs and heading to the parlour, her mother's green eyes would study her critically from head to foot, her gaze lingering longer on the shoes. She would always save her opinion for it last. \"Those shoes clash with your green blouse, India. I wish you would wear the black mary janes I bought for you last week.\" Or. \"How about wearing the navy inspired stripe dress I bought for you last month?\" She would just frown a bit and tell her mother that since it's her birthday, she will chose whatever she wants to wear. And with that, her mother would turn her head away and never speak to her for several days afterwards. India had always loved her saddle shoes. Everything she wears or use was bought by her beloved father. And in order to show her appreciation, she would always wear them. On her 16th birthday, she received three pairs of shoes. The blue and white saddle shoes; a low-heeled black, leather mary janes; and a dainty square toed aqua pumps. She chucked the black mary janes at the back of her closet. Her mother hasn't given up in making her wear them. That left the saddle shoes and the square-toed pumps. \"Daddy, why did you buy me two pairs of shoes this year?\" she blurted out her innocent question during the quiet dinner they were having. The question must have taken her father off-guard. She noticed that he stiffened, gripped the knife and fork he was holding, before smiling fondly at her. \"I figured a girl should not limit herself to one pair of saddle shoes to wear everyday. You're not a little girl anymore. And you should try finding your own identity.\" \"You finally realized that she needs to dress more appealingly,\" her mother interjected with an approving smile. \"India, when we visit your great-aunt Chloe tomorrow, I want you to wear the aqua pumps and the black and white dress.\" She did not immediately reply. Maybe just this once she would humour her mother. Finally, she answered. \"Yes, mother. Why not?\" But as she returns her attention back to the chocolate dessert she is eating, she could not remove the niggling suspicion that her father is hiding something from her. His smile hadn't quite reached his eyes when he answered her question. It was only when she climbed into her own bed after taking a long steaming shower did she realized that the shoes was never bought by him in the first place. Now that she thinks about it, her father always favour his black, custom-made Italian leather shoes. He never wears the same type of shoes that she favours. Who then, buys her saddle shoes? India continued to ponder about her mystery gift-giver. By the time she closed her eyes, early morning rain was pouring outside the slightly open window of her room. She went to sleep, unknowingly inhaling the smell of wet oak moss and sandalwood that gently flooded her room. oOoOoOoOo A/N: Wrote this for 20 minutes. If you have read my one-shot Duet, I described Uncle Charlie's perfume in detail there. I've got no excuse, except my plea for you guys to watch the movie. I hope other writers out there would attempt to write something in this category. Reviews=love ","Summary":" A/N: A short, one-shot about India Stoker's saddle shoes. I've been obsessing nonstop about this mo"},{"Movie":"Stoker","Title":"A Mouthful of Interludes","Author":"forlornwriter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9778179","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A MOUTHFUL OF INTERLUDES | ONESHOT Uncle Charlie calls for her, his voice strained yet filled with an exhilaration that she knows all too well. An exhilaration that Uncle Charlie had helped her acknowledge and embrace. With some deliberation, she finally brings herself to stand up from the piano seat, skirt ruffling and saddle shoes scuffing against the steps of the staircase. She listens intently to the sound, tries to imagine the clicks of heels instead, and finds that she likes that thought very much indeed. When she nears the room, she can hear her mother choking, and when she stands at the mouth of the entrance, she can see it as well. Uncle Charlie is straddling her mother and she is lying on her stomach, hands trembling as they grip in vain for purchase against hardwood, for any minuscule means of escape. Her father had suggested carpeting, India remembers, but her mother had vehemently refused it. She wonders if she now wishes that she hadn't. India stares at her mother, deep into her red eyes. She looks like a wreck; her hair askew, tears creating thin streams down her palid cheeks, lipstick that is always so impeccably put on smeared around her mouth. They hold eye contact, her mother's wide and pleading while India's stay demure and half-lidded. She feels no pleasure from this, no gratification, not like how it had been when Whip had been lying atop of her, struggling futilely with tear-filled, frantic eyes. But it must be done all the same. The girl continues to stare at her mother, taking the sight of her in without any emotion present on her face. There isn't a canopy of emotions inside of her, either. There is no sadness, no remorse, not even any anger. She feels tranquil. The tighter the leather belt is pulled, the more serene she becomes. India doesn't close her eyes when her mother's neck is broken, pulled impossibly back. She continues to stare, but her gaze goes from her mother's neck to the belt to ivory fingers, travelling up previously tensed arms to a languid, pleased smile. Her eyes meet Uncle Charlie's then, which are swimming with an emotion she can't name. His smile widens. One hand releases the belt so it falls away from the broken neck. But the mark is still there, as if the belt had never been removed. As if it is still there, fastened tightly. Harshly, Uncle Charlie lets the body go, and it hits the hardwood floor with a loud noise. India doesn't flinch; her eyes only travel down to the lifeless figure who had once tried to love her, or at least pretended as if she tried. There is no satisfaction. Only calm. Uncle Charlie and India later move the body to the biggest room in the house, where her parents used to sleep. They gently place it atop the immaculate bed, causing creases and staining the pristine white a bright, brilliant red. \"You're going to love New York, India,\" Uncle Charlie says light-heartedly as they stare at the body, limbs askew and looking unnatural. Neither of them move to fix the problem. Afterwards, Uncle Charlie grabs their bags and takes them to his car. The engine revs up a moment later. India stares for a while longer at the body, then allows her eyes to travel along the room. There is nothing of worth in there; no important pictures or memories or mementos. Her mother had previously burnt them all in the backyard-she had watched it all from a window, Uncle Charlie standing behind with a hand on the curve of her shoulder. They had later gone and played piano together, Uncle Charlie filling the silence whereas India listened and spoke up only when she felt the need to. A moment or two passes. The car horn blares. Uncle Charlie must be getting impatient, which is amusing to think considering that he has waited eighteen years for her. India curls her lip up at the irony, but turns and exits the room all the same. Her saddle shoes scuff the floors, the staircase, all the way to the front door. She pauses, bends down, and begins to untie them. They are dirty from use, unfit for her to wear now that she is no longer India Stoker, a shy, misunderstood teenage girl. Now, she is something more , but most importantly, she is a woman. An adult. The shoes come off without much of a preamble, toes flexing once they have escaped their confines. And then they are entering yet another confine, though this one less restricting and more free. India slips her feet into the heels Uncle Charlie had gotten for her, had presented her so lovingly, and they fit as perfectly as they had before. Somehow, he seems to always know what size to get her, every single birthday starting from her fifth. The car horn's cry echoes shrilly through the open door. India pushes the saddle shoes to the side and stalks out of the house, confidence escalating with every click she hears resonate from her heels. She leaves without a single glance back to the life she is leaving behind. There is nothing to miss. Not anymore. Uncle Charlie is sitting in the car when she exits the house, not looking aggravated or impatient whatsoever - instead, his face is composed and cheerful. He smiles at her. \"Ready to go?\" he asks. He's surprisingly enough sitting in the passenger's seat. Having left the driver's seat for her. India makes her way to the side of the car, staring at him emotionlessly. \"I don't know how to drive,\" she informs him. She's only eighteen, after all. She doesn't have a driver's licence nor has her father ever tried to get her behind the wheel. He keeps on smiling, however, looking unperturbed about this information. \"I'll teach you,\" is all he says, and then he motions for her to get in. India obliges, her eyes not missing the gun that rests near Uncle Charlie's feet. Her hunting rifle. She had put it next to her bag previously, adamant on not leaving it behind. She hadn't missed the way his eyes had darkened at the sight of her holding the gun previously, hefting its weight with one hand while the other held the strap of her bag. Once she's sitting, the car door closed, and her seatbelt is strapped across her shoulder, Uncle Charlie moves closer. His head is near her shoulder, breath ghosting along her collarbone. She likes his presence there, she finds. His hand grasps her own, the suddenness of the movement causing her to flinch, and guides it atop what she believes is the gear stick. His touch is firm, not gentle, and while she loathes being touched, she doesn't mind it when Uncle Charlie does it. So she allows him to curl their fingers over the gear shift, pointing out every letter illuminated along the side of it and explaining what they stand for and what they do. It sounds simple enough. Then his hand leaves her own and ghosts along her thigh, explaining to her the significance of the pedals there that remind her of the piano they are soon going to leave behind, the one where they had done their duet and she had found release for the first time. India realizes that she will miss the cool keys, the twang of the strings, the euphoria she feels whenever she plays. Maybe they can buy a piano in New York, she thinks, as cool fingers press against the naked skin of her thigh. She wants the hand to move higher up her skirt, to cup her where she needs it the most, but instead they stay in place, thumb running along the skin there languidly as Uncle Charlie tells her about the steering wheel next. \"And that's it,\" he finishes quietly. India slowly turns her head towards him, his nose pressing against her cheek due to the movement, and isn't quite sure what she's doing exactly - does she want to look at him? Does she want to kiss him? She doesn't find out what she might've done next had her head turned all the way, as Uncle Charlie moves away. His hand lingers on her thigh before slipping off and returning to his lap, the other he had curled around the back of her seat joining it. India finds herself disgruntled by this, but keeps the irritation off of her face and instead watches him closely. \"Do you think you can drive now, India?\" She nods her head once, confident. \"Yes,\" she says. She ignores the feeling of satisfaction that blooms in her chest when Uncle Charlie smiles, looking pleased. \"Good,\" he says. \"Let's go, then.\" India nods, moves the gear shift into reverse, and slowly brings the car out of the driveway. Her hand feels sure on the shift, her other tight on the steering wheel, and it's impossible for her to forget how her uncle's had felt on her own. She can still feel the heat on his palm on her thigh, which makes her unconsciously rub her thighs together, before they fall open once more so she can drive properly. After some thought, she speeds up, and though Uncle Charlie looks at her curiously, he doesn't question her on her actions. She's glad, because she isn't in the mood to explain. Sure enough, she sees a police car in the front view mirror, seconds before its siren begins to blare. Uncle Charlie bristles at the sound, looking uncharacteristically stoic, before his face relaxes and his shoulders loosen from their previously tensed position. India remains calm throughout, stopping the car on the side of the road and waiting patiently for the Sheriff to exit his car and walk to hers. She isn't disappointed. \"In a hurry, you two?\" he questions, looking delighted at the sight of them. No doubt having realized by now that they play a bigger role in Whip's disappearance than they are letting on. Finding them trying to leave Baltimore most likely incriminates them further, she knows. India remains quiet, staring silently at him, whereas Uncle Charlie chuckles light-heartedly. \"Not really a hurry,\" he says, thinking quickly on his feet. \"We're just going on a little vacation. India here wants a change of scenery, and her mother agreed that it would be best. So we're going away for a bit.\" \"Do you know how fast she was going?\" the Sheriff points out, eyebrow raised. Uncle Charlie doesn't looked the slightest bit perturbed. \"Well, you know, kids these days,\" he jokes, chuckling. Even though she knows he doesn't mean it, India bristles all the same. She is no longer a 'kid'. \"I know I was over the speed limit,\" she says quietly, before either of them can say anything else. Both of them hear her just fine. Uncle Charlie looks a bit confused; the Sheriff on the other hand curious by the words. He plants his hands against the car and leans in towards her, tilting his head. From the corner of her eye, India can see Uncle Charlie's hands clenching into fists. \"So why were you going over the limit?\" the Sheriff asks, oblivious to her uncle's ire. She finally makes eye contact with him, her lips widening into a sweet smile. \"To get your attention.\" Without a beat, her hand grabs the shears that Uncle Charlie had hidden in between their seats and plunges it deep into the Sheriff's neck. The man stumbles back with wide, shocked eyes, blood spurting every which way and staining his uniform. The stains from the blood won't come out later, India knows from experience; no matter how many times it's put through the washer. She watches him almost boredly, smile stuck grotesquely on her face, and she eventually exits the car, closing the door behind her. It barely makes a sound, but it's not like there are many around to hear anyway. Meanwhile, the Sheriff is unable to think properly with garden shears having penetrated him and his wound leaking a copious amount of blood, running into a field of tall grass instead of trying to get into his car and drive away. India supposes he wouldn't be able to drive properly with his wound, especially due to the blood loss. And it's be easier for her to chase him down to the field, anyway, so she is glad that he didn't make a run for his vehicle. For a while, India only watches him, hands in the pockets of her skirt. Her mother's blouse ruffles in the wind, her hair blowing away from her face with a life of its own, and the comforting feel of her father's leather belt against her forearms makes her feel much more powerful, much more at ease with the world and especially herself. Then there is a cool hand pressing against her shoulder, Uncle Charlie stepping up to stand next to her moments later. And this , standing side by side with the man who knows well than most, makes her feel invincible. They stare at the struggling Sheriff, at the blood that leaves him and coats stems and flowers a vibrant red. It looks almost like paint from where she stands, she finds. Then, she is pivoting on a foot to walk towards the car, her high heels clicking away. She leans over, just barely managing to grasp the gun lying on the floor of the passenger seat, and holds it delicately in one hand as she turns and makes her way back towards Uncle Charlie. He is standing immobile, watching her with darkened blue eyes and a dangerous grin that makes her core feel warm. She maintains eye contact as she approaches him, then glances towards the Sheriff and strides into the field. It's easy for her to figure out where he is, as the blood and crudely made path through the greenery is not difficult to make out. He isn't far away, certainly within shooting distance. India brings up the rifle, resting the butt of it on her shoulder, and squints one eye as she looks through the scope. She can see every crease, every stain on the Sheriff's uniform. With ease, she manages to zero in on his head, even as it bobbles up and down with every move he makes, struggling to survive. A wounded animal that she can finish off with a flex of her finger. But India waits for the right moment to shoot, teeth ensnaring her bottom lip, until her wait finally comes to an end and she pulls the trigger. The bullet cleanly enters the Sheriff's head, goes through his brain, and kills him instantly. He flops to the ground, dead. Pleased, she brings down the rifle and stares at the blob that is the Sheriff. She can just barely make him out without the help of the scope, but this doesn't matter. Her job is done, and now it's time to go safely to New York with her uncle by her side. The dark-haired woman turns, hair blowing in the wind, and locks eyes with Uncle Charlie. He looks proud, his hands pressing into the pockets of his pants as he watches her make her way to him. He continues to watch, grinning, until she is next to him once more, and then one arm leaves a pocket to wrap around her. The skin of palm presses against her warm bicep, making her shiver and liquid pool between her legs. \"Good thinking, India,\" he praises, then leaves her to walk around the car and enter the passenger seat. India goes behind the wheel, closing the door behind her, and passes her rifle to her uncle. The sight of him holding it arouses her, though she can't help feel a bit protective of the weapon at the same time. The feeling doesn't last long, however, as Uncle Charlie hides it from sight under his seat and intertwines his hands in his lap. Her gaze lingers there until she looks ahead and brings the car out of parking. The car purrs, and when she presses her foot against the gas pedal, they are off in the direction of New York and a new beginning. Uncle Charlie leans over and turns on the radio, a crescendo filling the companionable silence, and she relaxes in her seat as she smoothly navigates them far away from the road devoid of any life. With this, India Stoker is reborn. \"I became the colour, I became the daughter and the son...\" forlornwriter: So I just recently watched Stoker after having put it off for so long, and gosh, I wish I had watched it before. It's really poignant and has amazing cinematography and full of metaphors and the like, some or most of which I'm sure went right over my head. But still I wanted to write something for it, especially since there aren't many stories for this lovely movie, which surprises me. So I hope you enjoyed this and are now thinking of writing something yourself? Although, while I love the ending of the movie, I couldn't help but feel disheartened by the fact that Charlie was killed. Charlie and India have such amazing chemistry, so I had to change up the ending to have him live in the end instead, even if it is no doubt out of character for India to let him live. Still, I like to imagine this being somewhat AU, as in this oneshot, India becomes exactly what Richard had feared and tried to prevent: just like his brother Charlie. Anywhom, thank you for reading, and please do review and/or favourite! ","Summary":" A MOUTHFUL OF INTERLUDES | ONESHOT Uncle Charlie calls for her, his voice strained yet filled with "},{"Movie":"Cube","Title":"Him and the Green Room","Author":"Pixelframe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6341059","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Set in the original cube from the first movie. To me, those other 2 abortions don't even exist. Isaac is an OC. I don't own anything else. Isaac sat in silence gently beating the back of his head against the green wall. The warm metal was soothing on his bare skin. He was sure if he used a measuring tape, he would find the room was a perfect cube. Unfortunately, with no such tool, he would have to ignore the observation just like the other pointless ones he'd made, like the finger on the floor. He thought it looked more like a thumb, a very skinny thumb, like it belonged to a kid or a really thin person. Where was its owner? How long ago did he or she misplace it? It didn't matter. Why? Because knowing about it was pointless. Gently, he unbuttoned and removed his grey shirt revealing a white t-shirt he didn't remember putting on before going to sleep. His hands moved up and down his muscled arms. It was all for a girl he remembered. Looking the look is one thing, talking the . . . that's another. He sagged his chin and gazed at the device in his lap. His thumb powered on his calculator. It was an advanced one, slick and detailed, not like those china made things they hand out during a physics class experiment. He looked at the blur of words at the top of the tool. He couldn't read it, but he remembered its name: The Cubic Wizard. It was real funny he thought. They left him his calculator but took away his glasses so he couldn't read it. He wondered why. What did it all mean? What was the point? Slowly, he stood up facing the wall and put his index finger to the green tile. Pointing. That's what the kids at his school did. Not at him though. He was fortunate enough to be invisible, a shadow. \"You should speak up Isaac!\" His mother would say. \"How do you expect to go anywhere in life if you don't speak up ?\" He wanted to lock himself in his room and never have to come out. Well, he got what he wished for, minus the comfy bed and deafening rock music. How long had he been here? Hours? Days? He reminded himself it was all meaningless. He would be lying in the same spot hours from now, days from then, starving and weak. He wanted to scream. He wanted to let out every bit of frustration and anger inside. Telling himself he'd feel better after, he inhaled deeply and shouted, forcing all the air from his lungs. As his booming voice echoed through the room, he felt his body jerk, and a flicker of blood was all he saw before his mind went black. ","Summary":" A/N: Set in the original cube from the first movie. To me, those other 2 abortions don't even exist"},{"Movie":"Cube","Title":"Ironic","Author":"Jeklnskinsgrl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2067005","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It's kind of ironic. Increated the shell of what's become my coffin. Makes sense to me. Inwas contracted to create something that no one is supose to knownexists. What better way to get rid of me that throw me in it. Niethernof us exist. What I don't get is why the others were in here. Isnsomeone getting off on our slow detereration? Quinten went totally nuts.nHe killed all of us exept Kazan. Here I am bleeding to death, in anbox that I helped create, with Levens body and Quintens legs. Hownfuckin ironic. ","Summary":" It's kind of ironic. Increated the shell of what's become my coffin. Makes sense to me. Inwas contr"},{"Movie":"Cube","Title":"El Cubo de los Escritores","Author":"Star Knight 80","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4611739","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Una necesaria nota de autor: Este fanfic, de todos los que he escrito hasta el momento, ha sido el más complejo que he ideado. Sus protagonistas, en un momento histórico, fueron escritores de fanfics. La gran mayoría se ha retirado para dedicarse a sus propios asuntos, y perdí el contacto con muchos de ellos. Dudo que lleguen a enterarse del final de esta historia, que estuvo paralizada por casi cinco años. Los personajes protagónicos son gente real. Me han dado permiso para usarlos (aunque suene mal) en esta historia. Muy amablemente contestaron mis preguntas, dándome información delicada sobre sus vidas que, al momento de escribir, tuve miedo de utilizar. Pero contaba con el apoyo de cada uno, y eché mano de historias personales para un fin tan egoísta como un fanfic. Sin embargo, no me siento arrepentido. El objetivo de este fanfic cuando lo comencé, era reflejar el lado humano de sus protagonistas, so pena de falsearlos un poco por la necesidad de la trama, en un tipo de historia que, para su momento, no era muy explotado cuando involucramos gente conocida y que apreciamos: el Terror. Después de tanto tiempo, he decidido reescribir esta historia a la que tanto le debo mi madurez como fanautor, con el firme objetivo de terminarlo. Se los debo a los siete escritores que aceptaron acompañarme en esta aventura. Quizá siga tan llena de errores como cuando la escribí, siendo novato en los fanfics como era, pero fue gracias a esta historia que me templé en la escritura y comencé a cambiar de estilo, desde el libreto mal formateado, a una forma más \"novelizada\". No importa ya que tanto cambie. Lo importante es llegar al final del camino. A los que en su momento leyeron este fanfic desde la página de Skytemple, y mi desaparecida web \"La Biblioteca de Fanfics\", así otras donde fue publicada, y les encantó, muchísimas gracias. A los siete escritores, solo me queda ofrecerles mis disculpas… y por supuesto, las mil gracias que tardaré vidas en dar. Volvamos a la aventura. Nadie sabe qué es, ni por qué fue construido. Algunos dicen que fueron los extraterrestres para realizar sus experimentos, otros dicen que fue obra del gobierno como una misteriosa conspiración, pero lo único que se sabe con seguridad es que muchas personas han caído en él, y que ninguno ha salido con vida. Ocho escritores de Fanfics han caído dentro de este misterioso lugar, al que ni siquiera el más osado se atrevería a entrar. Un lugar donde el único pensamiento no puede ser sino escapar. Escapar, o morir. EL CUBO DE LOS ESCRITORES Escrito por Starknight CAPÍTULO 1 Primero los sustos; luego, las presentaciones. Una puerta metálica en un fondo blanco. Líneas negras y puntos, surcando las paredes en un amasijo de figuras abstractas le dan forma a la pared donde se halla la puerta metálica. En ella, una manivela está quieta. Sólo hay quietud. Una desconcertante quietud. La manija comienza, lentamente, a dar vueltas hasta detenerse con un chasquido. Un silbido tenue se oye cuando la puerta sale de su sitio y por medio de su mecanismo programado, asciende. Un muchacho joven y moreno, vistiendo un uniforme gris, atraviesa el espacio abierto, acomodándose con dificultad en el pequeño espacio cuadrado donde antes estaba la puerta. Se sujetaba fuertemente el brazo derecho, lo que le dificulta descender una a una las barras metálicas que hacen de escalón, debajo de la puerta. Despacio, comienzó a inspeccionar la habitación. Todo es igual, salvo el color. Puertas en cada pared de la habitación cúbica, con barras metálicas tanto en las paredes como en el techo, que ayudarían a subir al que se lo propusiera a la puerta que se encontraba en la parte superior. \"¿Dónde diablos me encuentro?\" No obtendría la respuesta, de todos modos. Luego, bajó la mirada hasta el suelo. Entonces, la vio. Una chica estaba allí, a lo largo del piso, desmayada. Su cabello era negro, y le llegaba hasta los hombros; su piel pálida era tan blanca como las paredes de la habitación. También llevaba un uniforme igual al de él. El chico, con su mano izquierda, despacio, comenzó a darle suaves palmadas en las mejillas. - Oye… ¿Estás bien?, despierta – le preguntó. Respondiendo a los toques, la muchacha, que no parecía tener más allá de los veinte años de edad, abrió sus ojos (eran de color café, se fijó el muchacho) y los movió a todos lados, como si buscara saber dónde se encontraba. Finalmente, los posó en él. Sus ojos se abrieron aún más, de par en par. - Tranquila, Lina – le sonrió el muchacho –.Todo está bien. Silencio. Lina dejó escapar un grito, y estampó un sonoro puñetazo en la cara del desprevenido chico. Gateó rapidamente hacia una de las esquinas, donde se acurrucó como un animalito. Temblaba de pánico. - Pareciera que viste un fantasma, Lina. Y vaya que pegas duro – dijo el muchacho, sobándose la adolorida mejilla. - ¿Cómo sabes… mi nombre? – le dijo Lina con voz quebradiza. - Lo llevas escrito en el uniforme. Justo aquí – dijo el muchacho señal su propio pecho. Al lado izquierdo tenía bordado el nombre. - ¿Quién eres tú? – decía Lina aún inquieta. - Creí que ya lo habías leído, pero bueno – el muchacho dejó salir un suspir -. Me conocen como Starknight. - ¿Starknight? Que nombre más raro. - ¿Crees que es raro? – Starknight frunció el ceño -. ¿Qué me dices del tuyo? No conozco muchas chicas que se llamen \"Lina Saotome\", ¿y tu? - ¡Es Japonés, idiota! – Le espetó Lina, ya con más fuerzas. Luego de esta diatriba, guardaron silencio. Starknight, después de un rato, suavizo su mirada. - No ganamos nada peleando. –Dijo Starknight–. Lo mejor es pensar como salir de aquí. - Está bien. Lina le tendió su mano para hacer las paces, pero Starknight no le tendía la suya. Sólo se sujetaba el brazo. Esto, obviamente, le molestó. - No se te va a caer el brazo si me das la mano – le dijo Lina con un renovado sarcasmo. Starknight la miró fijamente, antes de mostrarle la palma de su mano. Lina no pudo evitar horrorizarse; la tenía completamente ensangrentada. - Estoy herido – le dijo él, mostrándole el manchón de sangre que tenía en la manga. - ¿Cómo te hiciste eso? – Lina seguía mirándolo con pavor. - No se que demonios pasa aquí. Acabo de pasar por una habitación de color amarillo, y de quién sabe donde me comenzaron a disparar flechas. Casi me convierto en alfiletero. Un estruendoso ruido se escuchó, pero lejano. El ambiente se tensó de pronto. - ¿Hay trampas aquí? - Y creo que también hay más habitaciones. Starknight se acercó a una de las puertas, pero Lina lo detuvo antes de siquiera tocar la manija. - Dudo mucho que llegues lejos con el brazo así. Espera. – Lina se arrancó parte de la manga del uniforme y se lo colocó en el brazo a Starknight como una venda. Este no pudo evitar sonrojarse, cosa que no pasó inadvertida a Lina –. No te confundas. Esto lo hago porque eres la primera persona que veo aquí. - … ya lo sabía. Starknight giró por fin la manija de la puerta, la cual se abrió de la misma forma que la anterior, con aquél pitido que les provocaba escalofríos a ambos. Echaron un vistazo, descubriendo la siguiente habitación, que era de color azul oscuro. - Lo sabía. Esto no va a ser fácil. - ¿Tan rápido te rindes? – Starknight se sorprendió por el ánimo tan fuerte de Lina –. Iré a probar a otra puerta. Lina abrió la puerta más cercana, y vio la mencionada habitación amarilla. - A esta no hay que entrar, obvio – dijo molesta. Starknight abrió la siguiente habitación. Esa era de color rojo. - Demonios. ¡Estamos en la trampa de un asesino psicópata! Ambos decidieron sentarse en el suelo para digerir mejor la situación en la que se encontraban. Quién sabe quién dirigía todo esto desde las sombras, y quién sabe qué propósitos lo movían, pero ambos estaban claros en una cosa. Estaban atrapados, estaban solos, y había trampas en la siguiente habitación. Eso no era cualquier cosa. - ¿Qué haremos entonces? – dijo Lina, con un suspiro. - Juguemos Piedra-Papel-Tijeras. Eso a Lina le sentó como balde de agua fría. - Mejor abro la puerta del piso. Eso SI es hacer algo. Lina cumplió lo dicho. Abajo había, por supuesto, una habitación, esta vez de color púrpura. - ¡No ganaremos nada abriendo puertas nada más! – se desesperó Lina –. Tenemos que movernos en algún momento. - Pues lo siento, señorita. De aquí no me mueven ni las cuatro ramas vivas del Ejército… Un silbido apagado. Starknight y Lina se miraron. ¡Una puerta abriéndose! ¡Una bota cayó cerca de ellos, del techo! - ¿Estas pensando lo mismo que yo? – dijo Starknight sonriendo. Lina secundó el gesto. - ¡Hay más gente! Los dos se levantaron y se acercaron a la abertura del techo, pero… - ¡GERONIMO! ¡PATAPLAM! Starknight no pudo moverse a tiempo. En una habitación púrpura una chica miraba atentamente la puerta que tenía enfrente. Levantó su dedo hacia delante, cerró los ojos y comenzó a girar sobre si misma con velocidad. Luego se detuvo, y su dedo ahora señalaba justo una puerta. No sabía si era la misma por donde había entrado, pero no le importaba, porque había elegido su camino. Con un poco de temor, la chica de cabello negro y ojos café oscuro comenzó a mover la manija de la puerta. En cuanto la abrió, dejó escapar un grito de terror. El muchacho del otro lado de la puerta gritó y la cerró de inmediato. ¿Quién era ese? Fue lo primero que se preguntó la chica, dando varios pasos hacia atrás. Nunca antes lo había visto, y quién sabe que intenciones tendría. Pero debía continuar. La chica tragó un poco de saliva, y decidió pasar a la siguiente habitación. Esta era de color verde oliva y en el centro estaba el mismo muchacho. Vestía el mismo tipo de uniforme que ella. Era de complexión robusta y de cabello negro, con un pequeño copete. Veía extrañado a la chica, como si fuera algún bicho raro. La chica lo miró a la cara. - ¿Quién eres? – preguntó con voz trémula. - Me llamo Anji… – contestó de la misma forma que ella –. Creí que era el único aquí. - Ya no eres el único – contestó ella, un poco más calmada. No podía temer de alguien que estaba en su misma condición. - ¿Dónde crees que estamos? – dijo Anji mirando a su alrededor. - ¿Tengo que contestarte? El sarcasmo de la chica confundió a Anji. Ambos decidieron regresar a la habitación púrpura y eligieron otro camino. Abrieron la puerta, la cual les reveló una habitación de color amarillo mostaza. Se miraron, y luego a la habitación, pensativos. - Es algún tipo de laberinto – dijo ella. - No sé… pero esto me da muy mala espina. - ¿Entras tú o entro yo? - Mejor lo hago yo. Anji se paseó por un rato en la habitación, y luego volteó hacia la puerta donde estaba la chica. - Creo que aquí no pasa nada. Podemos seguir… Pero la cara de la chica no reflejaba alivio, estaba contorsionada por el terror. - ¿Qué pasa?... ¡CHAAAAAAAAAAAK! La chica lanzó un grito. Anji calló de pronto. Paralizado como estaba, se dio lentamente la vuelta, para mirar aquello que había escuchado detrás. Lo que vio lo hizo experimentar un intenso pánico. Una gigantesca guillotina, manchada de sangre seca, ascendía lentamente a su puesto. - Anji… regresa… - dijo en susurros la chica. Anji, lentamente, dio un paso hacia delante. CHAAAAAAAAAAK Y corrió a la puerta como alma que lleva el diablo. Apenas brincó a la habitación, la chica cerró de inmediato la puerta. Anji se tumbó al suelo, contra la pared, respirando de forma agitada y sudando copiosamente. - Por un poco… y me parten como naranja… - decía Anji entre jadeos. - ¿Cómo no te diste cuenta de la trampa? Esa guillotina era demasiado obvia – le recriminó la chica. - ¿Cómo me iba a dar cuenta que había trampas aquí? - ¡Porque yo estuve a punto de caer en otra, más atrás! – continuaba gritando la chica, con lágrimas en los ojos. Para Anji, era obvio que ella seguía aterrada. - Ya no importa. No ganamos nada peleando – Anji, más calmado, se puso de pie.- A propósito… ¿cómo te llamas? - Nekocha. - ¿Nekocha? – Anji la miró extrañado. - ¿Algún problema con eso? – Nekocha frunció el ceño. - Bueno… no conozco muchas chicas que se llamen así. - Como yo tampoco conozco muchos hombres que se llamen Anji. Y no me quejo. - ¡Otra que lo confunde con nombre de mujer! – exclamó molesto Anji - ¡Por si no sabías, hay un hombre en Rurouni Kenshin que se llama así! Nekocha le propinó un puñetazo en la cara, que lo dejó estampado en la pared contraria. - ¡No. Me. GRITES! Un salón totalmente oscuro que apenas es iluminado por un reflector, el cual alumbra un escritorio en el centro. Inmediatamente unos monolitos con la palabra SEAL aparecieron rodeando el escritorio; eran seis en total los que estaban allí flotando, con un par de espacios vacíos indicando que faltaban dos más. Inmediatamente en uno de los monolitos apareció las iniciales D.D. De allí se escuchó una voz parecida a la de un muchacho. - Bienvenidos, caballeros. Es un placer tenerlos aquí. En las otras piezas, comenzaron a revelarse iniciales diferentes. - Aún no sé como me convencieron. Les dije desde un principio que era una pérdida de tiempo – dijo el monolito E.K., con voz de niño. - ¿Acaso no querías ver correr la sangre, E.K.? Este Cubo es una buena oportunidad de ver un buen espectáculo – dijo el monolito T.S. con voz de un joven, más grave. - Además E.K, ¿no disfrutaste matar a los ancianos que manejaban esta compañía? – dijo el monolito R.F, con la voz de un adulto mayor. - Por eso dije que matarlos era una perdida de tiempo, sólo quiero matar rivales que estén a mi altura. – volvió a reclamar E.K. - ¿Quieres un rival a tu altura? No seas presumido, yo mismo puedo acabar contigo en un abrir y cerrar de ojos – dijo el monolito F. con voz profunda. - ¿QUÉ ME QUIERES DECIR CON ESO, F.? - BASTA YA, VINIMOS A TORTURAR A ESTA GENTE, NO A PELEAR ENTRE NOSOTROS – gritó de pronto el monolito G. de voz cavernosa. - La idea de la construcción de este Cubo fue ingeniosa – decía D.D. entre risas. ¿Quién creería que estos ancianos de SEAL lo construyeran para eliminar a los que trabajan en NERV? - ¿No crees que los de NERV podrían descubrir esto? – dijo T.S. con preocupación. - Ellos están muy ocupados en sus propios asuntos, así podremos torturarlos en paz. El monolito G. intervino. - D.D, activa la pantalla. Quiero ver qué tanto han avanzado. En un escritorio al centro de ese salón, sobre todos ellos, apareció una imagen holográfica del Cubo. Dentro había cinco pequeños puntos de luz que titilaban. Dos de ellos estaban juntos en un lado, y tres, en otro. - Vaya, vaya. Las cinco personas que arrojamos adentro se han encontrado, y no han avanzado para nada; dos en el cuarto púrpura, y tres en el blanco. – Rió R.F. - Recuerda que aún faltan tres personas más por arrojar. – Agregó F. - A propósito D.D ¿quién se encargará de arrojar a las últimas tres personas? – dijo E.K. con interés. D.D. no le contestó. Luego de un rato, F. estalló en rabia. - DONDE DEMONIOS SE METIÓ L., NO PODEMOS ESPERARLO TODO EL DÍA. - Déjenlo que se divierta, total el no se perderá nada del espectáculo. – dijo divertido T.S. - ¿Y cómo demonios lo sabes? – agregó interesado R.F. - Porque... - ¿Porque…? - Porque... él me lo dijo. Silencio. - Déjense de juegos, solo tenemos que esperar a que las últimas tres víctimas lleguen, y empezará lo bueno – concluyó D.D., sonriendo maliciosamente. En una habitación menos oscura que la anterior, donde se aprecian máquinas de gimnasio, estaba un hombre misterioso haciendo ejercicio con unas pesas enormes. Su rostro estaba tapado por las sombras pero se podía ver que vestía un uniforme militar, y también se veía como los músculos de sus brazos se hinchaban cada vez que continuaba su ejercicio. Inmediatamente dejó las pesas y se fue hacia un saco de arena que colgaba en el techo y lo empezó a golpear con una fuerza inconmensurable. Cada golpe provocaba que salieran hilillos de arena del saco, hasta que de una fuerte patada lateral mandó a volar el saco hacia una pared. Estalló como si fuera una bomba y desparramó la arena por el suelo. De inmediato, una pantalla se activó en la pared, y apareció el monolito D.D. - Hasta que por fin te encuentro L. debes venir para que estés al tanto de la situación. - D.D, no fastidies y déjame solo – le contestó L. con voz calmada. - Cómo quieras, pero sabes bien que soy más fuerte que tú. Te salvas porque estoy de buen humor. – hizo una pausa, y luego agregó. – Los demás te esperan. Una vez que desapareció la imagen del monolito, pudo notarse una pequeña sonrisa en lo poco que se veía del rostro de L. Lina Saotome veía con una mano en el rostro, muerta de vergüenza, el incidente. Una niña había caído sobre Starknight. La recién llegada, lentamente, comenzaba a abrir sus ojos. Disclaimer : El fanfic se basa en la película Cube , dirigida por Vincenzo Natali, y escrita por Graeme Manson, André Bijelic y Vincenzo Natali. ","Summary":" Una necesaria nota de autor: Este fanfic, de todos los que he escrito hasta el momento, ha sido el "},{"Movie":"Cube","Title":"Flash: A Cube Fic","Author":"Jeklnskinsgrl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2712268","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author Note: I got the idea for this fic while I was at work today. I don't own Cube or any of the characters, though I would give what's left of my soul to own Worth. And please keep in mind that this was written in about two hours between costumers. Flash: A Cube Fic Holloway saw it in his eyes, that look which betrayed his madness. Now he held her life in his hands. She watched his smile fall into a grim look that could only mean one thing. Flash She was sitting at her table, eating dinner, when she heard a noise outside. She got up and looked out her window. Seeing nothing she went back to her food. Sitting down, she noticed she was out of sour cream and went to get some more. Flash She was falling; lights form other cubes zipping past her. She wondered how far she had fallen, how many cubes she had passed, if she would die before she hit the bottom of the sh…… END ","Summary":" Author Note: I got the idea for this fic while I was at work today. I don't own Cube or any of the "},{"Movie":"Cube","Title":"Keep Quiet","Author":"Dark Magician Boy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3744790","Passage":"[Chapter 1] (A/N) I know I've gotna lot of fics on hold, but I just watched the movie Cube, and I lovednit. It was very suspenseful, and an idea formed in my head. Due tonCube being kind of short (But still totally worth it) this ficnshouldn't take me long to complete. This is an OC fic, based on thenfirst film, and don't worry. I'll keep up the tradition of namingnthe character after a prison. KeepnQuiet BynDark Magician Boy Chaptern1: Anderson and Alderson After what felt likenhours of sleeping, Anderson began to come to. \"What happened?\" hensaid aloud, not opening his eyes, and remaining on the floor. He heard shufflingnnearby him, and he sat up quickly from the floor, opening his eyes. Anderson noticed for anfew seconds that it was blurry before it occurred to him that henwasn't wearing his glasses. He felt around what hendiscovered was anew outfit he was wearing, and found a pocket thatnhad his glasses. Slipping them on, hensaw a bald man walking around. He and the bald mannwere in a cube-shaped room that was made up of white squares withnstrange symbols on them. The man had justnnoticed Anderson was there, and turned around quickly, clearly verynscared. \"Where are we?\"nAnderson asked, beginning to stand up. \"I'm not sure. Inwas in my house reading when everything went black. Then I woke upnhere,\" the man said. He had a very strange accent. \"Where is here?\"nAnderson asked. The man could see he was scared. Expected of a boy ofnonly about fourteen or so. The boy that stood innfront of Alderson looked to be about five feet, in the same outfit henwas in. He had scruffy brown hair, and wore glasses. \"You must benfrightened. Come. Let us find a way out of here,\" Alderson said,nbeckoning for the boy to come closer. \"My name isnAlderson,\" the man said after a few seconds. \"I'm Anderson,\"nthe boy said, laughing a bit at how similar their names sounded. \"Donyou know how to get out of here?\" \"I'm not sure. Inhave figured out that there are more rooms, and that you get to themnthrough the doors,\" Alderson said, and they moved for one of thendoors on the walls. Alderson twisted thenhandle, and the door came out, sliding down easily. This room had an orangenpattern around it. Alderson climbednthrough first, but Anderson hesitated. A very strange, ominousnfeeling filled him. \"Mr. Alderson? Indon't think you should go in there,\" Anderson said, walking up tonthe room's entrance. He saw Aldersonnwalking, but then, a rush of air came, and Alderson stopped. \"Mr. Alderson?\"nAnderson asked, staring at the man in the other room. But he didn't answer.nAnderson stared at him for a few seconds till he began to see bloodnseeping out of him, and Alderson fell apart. Anderson stood there,ngaping, nauseous, and very frightened where Alderson had been, andnwatched as the dicer briefly revealed itself before folding back up. XXX Leaven was screamingnfor a bit before Quentin came in and helped her. But when they werenabout to leave, they heard more screaming form the room to theirnleft. The opened the door tonfind Anderson, huddled in a corner, crying. Quentin rushed tonAnderson, and when his hand touched him, a strange sensation passednthrough Anderson. It was the same feeling he had had when Aldersonnwas killed \"M-Mr. Alderson,\"nhe said, pointing a shaking hand towards a door. Leaven went to open thendoor, and let out a small scream at the chunks that were Alderson. Quentin went over andnsaw the mess in the next room. \"Come on, we've gotnto get back to the others,\" Quentin said, picking up a shakingnAnderson and taking the path back to the room Worth and the other twonpeople were in. Leaven quickly followed. The four adults andnteenager stared at the shaking boy who was in the corner. \"He just fell apart,\"nAnderson said, white hot tears streaming down his face. Anderson heard one ofnthe women gasp. He thought it was Holloway. \"See what I mean?\"nthe one called Quentin said to the others. \"There are traps innhere.\" Holloway walked over tonAnderson and tried to calm him by stroking his head. \"How old are you?\"nshe tried to ask over his constant sobs, and he began to slow hisnbreathing. \"I'm fourteen,\"nhe said, beginning to look up. \"What were youndoing?\" she asked, and Anderson closed his eyes, trying to thinknback. The house was dark.nHis father was working late, and he had seemed sad when he had leftnfor work that morning. Anderson got up fromnwatching TV. He had a craving for some candy. Walking over to thenpantry, he opened it up, and searched out the candy cabinet to find anlock over it. \" You can't keepnme out that easily Dad,\" he said with a smirk on his face. Pulling out anskeleton key he kept secret from his dad, he wiggled it at the lock,nand it popped open. \" Ok, let's see.nReece's Twinkies, gumballs, Hershey's, gumdrops, all right,nStarbursts!\" he said excitedly, grabbing a few packages. Feeling very hungry.nHe just decided to stuff his pockets after he had taken all thenstarbursts with what ever would fit. Peeling open anStarbursts package, he popped an orange one into his mouth, and putnthe rest into his pocket with all the other candy. Just as he wasnwalking back, he saw a shadow move in the mirror. Before he could turnnto see who it was, the room went dark. He felt a fallingnsensation, and heard the sound of being dragged. He was aware, andnyet, he wasn't aware. But then, after a few seconds, his limbs wentnabsolutely numb, and he was unconscious. The next thing henknew, he was meeting Alderson. His hands wandered downnto his pockets, and he felt bulges. \"I still have myncandy,\" he said quietly, and they leaned in as he opened hisnpockets to reveal a stash that could open a Candy Shop. \"I guess we don'tnhave to worry about food,\" Leaven said. \"Yes, but humansncan't live purely on junk food,\" Holloway said. \"Who said we werengoing to be living in here?\" Quentin said, beginning to walknaround. The elder man walkednimmediately up to another room, and it was then that everyone noticednhe had noticed he had tied his boots together. \"What the hell arenyou doing?\" Quentin asked as the old man opened the door, and begannswinging the boot. \"Hey old man, did younhear what I said?\" he asked as the boot was tossed into the room. A flamethrowernactivated, and torched the boot, and everyone in that room gasped. Anderson's eyesnwidened at the flame's light, and he stared at the boot as it wasngradually pulled back in. His mind turned the boot into Alderson. He cried some more,nthen threw up when he though of Alderson, now several chunks lying onna floor. Everyone in the roomnstared at him, and the pile of vomit below him. Worth, Holloway, andnthe old man stared in disgust at it. \"Hey, if you had seennwhat he saw, you would sympathize,\" Quentin said, and the threenlooked curious. Leaven walked over tonhim, while Quentin walked over to the adults. \"There was a man thatnwas diced. And that little boy saw it happen,\" Quentin whispered tonthem, and they looked wide eyed at the boy, now being hugged bynLeaven. Anderson was no longerncrying, but was sweating very badly. \"I guess I'm notnthe only one with glasses,\" Leaven said, and Anderson looked up tonsee her holding up a broken pair of reading glasses. \"What happened?\"nAnderson asked, holding the glasses. \"They broke when wengot back into this room,\" she said. The words felt strangento him. This room . It felt good to him, like a safe place. \"We should get going.nWho knows how long we're going to be in here,\" Quentin said,ngoing over to pick Anderson back up. \"I can walk,\" hensaid, wishing he hadn't said that. He felt like he had insulted thenman. But he also didn't like the feeling he got whenever he was inncontact with him. XXX Dr. Holloway was goingnover how they would need water soon, or they would dehydrate, butnthen the old man got sick of her, and held up a button, telling hernto suck on it for water. The old man was aboutnto go into another room till he smelt something funny. \"What,\" Quentinnasked when the old man stopped him from going in. \"The air seems dry innthere,\" the old man began. \"Trapped?\" Leavennasked. \"Molecular chemicalnsensor,\" he continued, still staring into the room. \"Why the hell didn'tnthe boot set it off?\" Quentin asked impatiently. \"The boot's notnalive. It detects hydrogen sulfide excreted from the skin,\" henfinished, hopping down from the entrance and walking to another. \"How is it you knownso much about sensors, Rennes?\" Quentin asked. \"So,\" Andersonnthought, \"The old man's name is Rennes\". \"It's Wren,\" thenold man said, clearly annoyed, \"Not Rennes\". Before Quentin couldnsay anything, Anderson spoke up. \"The Wren? The famousnescape artist that made his way out of seven prisons?\" Andersonnasked. The old man just noddednas he opened up the next room. These names werenbeginning to sound familiar to him. He had seen them all in a file onnhis father's desk. \"You can get us out,\"nLeaven said, walking up to him. \"Maybe,\" he said,nstruggling to get into the next room. That ominous feeling crept overnAnderson again. It was Alderson all over again. \"Don't go innthere!\" Anderson screamed at the top of his lungs. But it was too late.nWren had swung in already, and Anderson's scream had caught hisnattention. He was about to rushnout, but a nozzle below the door opened up and sprayed him in thenface. The door closed itself,nas his screaming could be heard from the other side. ","Summary":" (A/N) I know I've gotna lot of fics on hold, but I just watched the movie Cube, and I lovednit. It "},{"Movie":"Cube","Title":"Worth it","Author":"quezovercoatl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3359650","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: This story will be a crossover with the movie Thoughtcrimes. The story is also unbeta'ed. If you like Cube and Thoughtcrimes and are interested in being a betareader please let me know. And even if you're not interested in betareading please still let me know what you think of the story. Disclaimer: The characters from the movie Cube are not mine. Worth it. I can livernwith that. Those hadrnbeen Leaven's last words before she died. If onlyrnshe'd gone out of the room when he told her to If onlyrnshe hadn't come back for him. Why had she done that. She had so much to live for on the outside,family and friends. He had nothing. No family, no friends,just a nice collection of porn. Halloway was right. He was pathetic. But she was dead now, just like Leaven. And it wouldn't be long before he was dead too. He wiped his mouth and looked at the blood on his hand. Red blood. There was a lot of blood in this room. Red blood in a red room. Kazan didn't like the red rooms or red gumdrops. He wondered if there was anything red Kazan did like. At leastrnKazan had gotten out. He hopedrnhe was safe where ever he was. And thatrnsomeone would get him the 27 bags of gumdrops that he was owed. Kazan had earned every single one of them. David smiled as he thought about Kazan. The one good thing he managed to do, was to stop Quentin fromrnhurting Kazan. Making sure he got out and Quentin didn't. How had herneven made it to the bridge room without shoes, without knowing tornwork the numbers. He should have died. He shouldrnhave been dead after he fell through the floor into the cube below. Why hadn't he checked to see if Quentin was dead. It would have only taken a minute to climb down and find out. But thernpool of blood forming at Quentins head convinced him that he wasrndead. There wasrnjust no way anyone could survive a fall like that. Evenrnthough he had survived it when Quentin trew hem down hours earlier. And he hadrnfallen in head first. He should have checked. Should have… What if… It all didn't matter anymore. He looked around the room again. Leaven's body, half of Quentin's body It was too late for them and it was too late for him too. He feltrnhis conciousness slip way and thought: 'I'mrnglad I'm not the once cleaning up this mess.' SometimesrnEmily really hated her job. The money was good, that was the reasonrnshe took the job in the first place. When her husband left her, shernwas stuck with a huge debt and no way to pay it. And then she gotrnthis job offered to her. Part time cleaning. It was perfect. It gavernher time to spend time with her daughter and it payed well enough tornlive on. She should have known it was too good to be true. Sometimesrnshe wished she had never accepted the offer. But then she wouldn'trnhave Rachel anymore. She would have been put in foster care.There wasrnno way Emily was going to let that happen. She would do anythingrnto keep her daughter with her. Even this job. She grimaced. Evenrnif it wasn't for Rachel, she still couldn't lave this job Nobodyrnever told them this, but they knew. The uniforms they wore remindedrnthem of this. The greyrnuniforms with their name printed on the front pocket. The samernuniform worn by the people they 'cleaned up'. It was a warning.rnStep out of line and you may be next. It was never said, but withrnevidence like this, it didn't need to be said. \"He Emm,rnhurry up! The sooner we get started, the sooner we can leave again\". \"Surernthing Mike, \" she said as she closed the locker that held herrnnormal clothes. \"Although I think Shelly wouldn't have mindedrnif I had taken a bit longer.\" \"Is shernflirting with that security guy again? Never mind, don't answerrnthat I know she is.\" \"Theyrnmake a cute couple. It's nice to see at least something good comernfrom this place.\" \"Yournguys, you never gonna believe what happened,\" Shelly yelled as shernran over to them. \"Slowrndown\", Mike told her. \"Breathe. \"Whatrngot you so exited?\" he asked her as she started to relax a bit.rn:\"Did you win the lottery?\" \"No, butrnafter what I just heard, I think anything is possible.\" \"What dornyou mean?\" \"I wasrnjust talking to Jeremy\", she stopped for a second to smile. \"Yeah,rnwe all know you think he's dreamy. Now get on with the story.\" She stuckrnher tongue out at Mike and continued. \"Anywayrnhe told me that someone made it oud of the cube…… Alive!\" \"Alive?rnYou're kidding. Nobody's ever made it out alive. It'srnimpossible. \" \"I know.rnJeremy said everybody was completely shocked when someone came out ofrnthe cube. They stand guard, just in case someone does come out, butrnit's never happened before. He saidrnhis commanding officer actually had to check the regulations to seernhow they should act in a situation like this\". \"So,rnwhat did they do?\" \"Jeremyrnsaid that after they put him back in regular clothes some otherrnguards took him away. And thatrntheir orders had been to release him somewhere far away from here.\" \"They'rernjust letting him go?\" \"I wasrnsurprised about that too, but who would he tell? And from what Jeremyrntold me about this guy nobody would believe him even if he did sayrnsomething.\" \"What dornyou mean?\" \"Herntalked to this guy while they were sorting things out. He wasn'trnwearing his uniform anymore. All he was wearing were boxershorts andrna t-shirt. He wasn't even wearing his shoes anymore. And all herntalked about was gumdrops.\" \"Gumdrops?' \"He wasrnowed 27 bags of gumdrops\". \"Whatrnare you people still doing here\" once of the security guards (notrnJeremy) said as he approached them. \"This is not a socialrngathering, this is work. Now get your gear and follow me.\" Emily gotrnher things and joined the rest of the cleaning crew as they walkedrntoward the cube. Someonernmade it out, she thought and wondered how far the others in thatrngroup had gotten. She didn'trnhave to wait long because as the entered the brilliant white hallwayrnthat led to the entrance/exit of the cube she saw part of what wasrnonce a man. His face contorted in pain and fear. And just like thernsurviver he was out of uniform. Mike andrnOliver placed him in a body bag, while she and Shelly startedrncleaning up the blood. \"Onlyrnhalf a body\" Oliver said. \"The rest of him will be at groundrnzero. We'vernnever had a body there room before.\" \"We'vernnever had anyone leave the Cube before either\" Mike retorted. \"You'verngot a point.\" Groundrnzero was the first room they entered after leaving the hallway. Itrnwas probably called something else, but they called it ground zero.rnIt was where they stored their gear and waited for the rooms theyrnneeded to clean to 'cycle' past. Emily wasn't sure how thisrnworked and had never asked. They would open the hatch directly acrossrnfrom the exit, remove the bodies (or what was left of them) clean thernroom and go back to ground zero. After a room was cleaned everytingrnwould shake and when it was all done, there would be a new room tornclean. They wouldrndo this untill they got the signal that all bodies had been removed.rnThen they would tidy the ground zero room, pile up the body bags andrnthen they were free to go, untill the next time their services werernneeded. \"Irnwonder what happened to this guy,\" Mike said as he zipped up thernbody bag. \"He got really close to getting out. Didn't Jeremy tellrnyou about this one?\" \"No,rnthey didn't go into the hallway. Nobody ever does, except us ofrncourse.' \"Well,rnwe're finished here. Time to move to ground zero'. Mikernopened the hatch and started dropping their supplies in beforernclimbing into the room himself. \"Guys,rnget in here. You're never going to believe this! \" \"What isrnit?\" Emily replied, thinking that after what happened so far,rnnothing could surpise her. \"Therernis more then one body in there\". She hadrnbeen wrong. Emilyrnclimbed into the room and looked around. She saw the other half ofrnwhat once was a man named Quentin. And in the middle of the room werernthe bodies of a young woman and a man She wasn't surprised to seernthem not wearing their uniform. She wondered what happened here. Ifrnthey made it here, they should have been able to make it to thernoutside. This roomrnhad no traps. All they had to do was cross the room, open the hatchrnand walk out. So whyrnwere there two more dead people in here? Shernsighed, picked up one of the bodybags and walked over to the man andrnwoman near the middle of the room. She kneltrnnext to the man and had to swallow as the saw all the blood on hisrnshirt. There was also blood on his face. \"Whatrnhappened to you', she whispered as she looked at him morernclosely. He was stil warm to the touch. 'Irnwonder why you didn't make it out' Emily feltrnit, when she was wiping some of blood from his face. She leanedrnin closer just to make sure. \"No, itrncan't be.\" \"Emm,rnare you all right?\" Mike asked her. He sounded worried. \"Getrnhelp now. He's still alive!\" tbc. ","Summary":" AN: This story will be a crossover with the movie Thoughtcrimes. The story is also unbeta'ed. If yo"},{"Movie":"Cube","Title":"For What It's Worth","Author":"Commodore Norrington","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2441289","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I don't, on principle, like author's notes but this story really needed one. There are several points I'd like to address. First, I resisted writing this story because I believe \"Cube\" is such a wonderful film on its own that fic could really destroy thewhole pointof the movie. My muse refused to be put off, though, which brings me to my second point. This is a middle-of-the-night inspiration that got jotted down and posted. In the cold light of day there didn't seem to be too much wrong with it, so I kept it. My third, and related, point is that my now-regular editor, Margaret, had nothing to do with this one. This is partly because it was such a lightning-bolt idea and partly because she hasn't actually seen \"Cube\". (Don't worry, I'm working on it ;) Any and all mistakes, idiocies, or undesirable aspects of the story are mine and mine alone. With that said, please enjoy. The pain was fading. A part of him knew that this was a bad sign, a final harbinger of his impending fate, but mostly he just welcomed the sweet relief. The nightmare was over. There was nothing left to do but wait for death. ","Summary":" I don't, on principle, like author's notes but this story really needed one. There are several poin"},{"Movie":"Cube","Title":"The Cold Insincerity of Steel Machines","Author":"Harey","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3694704","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: Hello there. Lucky seven? Hopefully? I don't really expect much feedback, since this fandom is SO small, but at least there's a category for it...But I am very proud of this fanfiction; it is more intricate and indeed very different overall, from my Holly Black fics. There are several references to Cube Zero, so if you've only seen Cube you may not understand some of it...I tried to use footnotes and probably failed. Well...enjoy. \"It'll show your mind That you have a mind\"-- \"U-Fig\" by System of a Down The nameless technician, known only as 01367, squinted up at the screen that encompassed the wall and popped yet another caffeine pill to battle his consistently rising fatigue. He'd learned to swallow them dry long ago. He tapped frantically at the tiny keyboard, entering little codes that were fed through the computer into the actual Cube walls; he clicked on tiny boxes of torture options and assigned them to the rooms, immune to the echoing screams and rotting flesh decaying in the complex, metallic labyrinth. Here, he was safe. Here he was safe and dry and whole and sane. Self-preservation. That's what today's world is all about. He shook his head once, sharply, to rid it of the voice, to keep it comfortably empty. Don't go thinking, now, or you'll open the door to all kinds of trouble. Ideas are dangerous things. \"Will you shut up ?\" He shouted aloud to the dark, empty room. No. This was his punishment. He blinked and resumed his tapping. You're a bright young man; you'll go far in this business if you learn to keep your mouth shut and follow orders. \"I am following orders.\" DO YOU BELIEVE IN GOD? He feared to speak the answer aloud, lest they come and drag him away into the maze, only to be asked the question again and be met with fire. But cowards who turn back from following me, and those who are unfaithful to me. . .Their doom is in the Lake that burns with fire and sulphur. This is the Second Death.#For those who had been through the Cube had already endured a sort of death. And the regulators of the Cube thought themselves to be a single God. Don't appease them with blind worship, and they will drag you into Hell. Who were they, anyway; what were their motives? This was the first time the technician had dared to wonder such things, to really think about them. But something told him he was far too deep in this to back out now. Or anytime, for that matter. He had heard bone-chilling rumors of workers who began to question their surroundings being thrown into the Cube, and when they got out, undergoing lobotomies and being thrust back into it again, mentally impaired. There was no escape. Death was the only release from service to the Cube. But it was better to know, to resist and suffer, than to mindlessly aid brutal, cold-blooded killers. Wasn't it? Morally so, yes. But when one got right down to it.. Was it? If one was perfectly honest, a sense of right and wrong had become more and more scarce as time wore on. In fact, it had fallen into a category of useless, obsolete values that modern \"sensible\" people no longer even understood the meaning of. Now people seemed to associate a man's worthy by the way he followed orders, by this blind faith in authority. Once dependability in that area was established, then he was judged on how well he could take care of himself. Self-sacrifice was a crucial error, and if one chanced to make it, there would be disastrous consequences. Finally, as the third and highest test of true value to the \"good of humanity\", the man would be expected to rise above the common people and govern them, even if that included sacrificing the well-being and possibly even the lives of countless individuals. For that was what great leaders did, was it not? Yes, the values of modern society were decidedly ironic, even contradictory, the technician decided. Had no one realized this before? Suddenly, the surprisingly rusty, low-tech rotary telephone resting on the desk beside him began its shrill, fearsome chime. His blood stilled in his veins. He did not wish to answer the call of the \"higher ups\", but he feared their retaliation, lest they apprehend his suspicious nature and seek to \"correct\" it, as they say; yet another polite euphemism for ineffable sin that rolled so sweetly from their near-imaginary tongues. \"H-hello?\" he answered, the cool, slick hand that gripped the phone shaking uncontrollably. \"01367, please come up. Thank you.\" Dead air hung still, the cool, virtually automated voice of the authority figure ringing ominously within it. 01367 stepped obediently out of the sliding metal doors barring the way out from the prisonlike structure they called an \"office\", into the world of strangely glowing lights and the threat of hovering administration. He stepped into the fabled elevator, knowing for certain it was the last time he would ever see the beloved familiarity of tangled wires and dilapidated metal, of dials and knobs and the whirr and clang of equipment. When the pointer finally reached the level labeled \"UP\", 01367 had already resigned himself to dull lifelessness as the he became engulfed in white and the sharp, sterile tang of disinfectant, as the bitingly cold needle slid with delightfully graceful ease into his vein. \"01367, formerly known by a complete set of three names which has been stripped of him, due to his voluntary service in the Association of Criminal and Civilian Government and Management, has been convicted of the following crimes against his country and his god: \"1.) Sedition of the highest order, specifically intent to release invaluable information to the public, as observed by the Regulatory Body of Mental Censorship, at approximately three A.M. on the 137th week of the Year 23 of our Ruling Order of Dominion . \"2.) Willful refusal to comply with the regulations specifically stating the duty of an employee of the Association of Criminal and Civilian Government and Management to conceal the deliberations of the government from members of public. \"These crimes are filed under the most disgraceful category of Noncompliance of the Law, and shall be treated as such: \"You, 01367, shall be sentenced to a complete frontal lobotomy, as well as release into the Experimental Chamber of Criminal Judgment, where, should you emerge with your life intact, shall undergo intensive interrogation and subsequent further sentencing.\" 01637 could tell that the doctor's eyes glinted with the dull glaze of malice as he intoned the words druggedly from behind his little white mask. This won't hurt a bit... 01367 slid painlessly into oblivion, never again to resurface with a fully functional mind, having finally found it at last. ","Summary":" AN: Hello there. Lucky seven? Hopefully? I don't really expect much feedback, since this fandom is "},{"Movie":"Cube","Title":"CUBE: The Return","Author":"Kieran Jupe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5650613","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Waking up... Usually that can mean a few things like 'You're alive!' or 'Shit, work'. But today, waking up was the worst moment of my life. It was bad as I knew from my surroundings, I was done for...[Chapter 2] My surroundings were bland, 6 walls, 6 doors, 24 ladders, but which way out?! I panicked, started to cry, wishing that I knew what to do, but in reality, I didn't. Slowly, I stood up and started to move to one of the doors in the middle of a wall. I touched it, and it slid open with such speed, it startled me. I fell backwards. Unphased by this however, I stood back up and looked into the room, a man was in there, he ran towards the door that I had opened... and I watched what happened to him. It was sickening! He screamed for help as he run towards me before... before... just thinking about it makes me feel sick, but I'll tell you anyway. A spike came out of the floor and skewered him with a rich showering of blood to go with it. I screamed again and run backwards. Again I started crying, and while I did, I shouted out, 'IS THIS DEATH?!' ","Summary":" Waking up... Usually that can mean a few things like 'You're alive!' or 'Shit, work'. But today, wa"},{"Movie":"The Holiday","Title":"A New Year","Author":"MLIAM79","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11809998","Passage":"[Chapter 1] **This will switch back and forth from Iris' POV to Miles' POV** (End of \"The Holiday\", Graham's home. New Year's Eve Starts from the shot of Olivia's feet as they come down the stairs) _Iris POV_ I picked up Olivia as she hit the last step. I twirled her around as she laughed. I really missed my nieces during Christmas. I wasn't alone though, and I knew I would see them for New Years. I smiled at her as I said \"Oh my god. You look like the angel at the top of the Christmas tree. Now give me a kiss.\" I gave her a kiss on her cheek as she did the same to me. She wrapped her legs around me as I carried her to the living room. \"Come and tell me all about your Christmas presents\". I put her down once we got there so she could sit over on the couch with Sophie. I couldn't help but laugh as I put her down and said, \"Here. Go sit with Miles.\" She ran to the spot next to Sophie and listened to what Miles was saying. I grabbed the two glasses of champagne on top of the fireplace. I look at Miles as he was giving what seemed to be a very animated story to the girls. He is so good with them and that makes me so glad. Jasper never got along with children. Imagine if I did run away with Jasper. He not liking children would have been a problem if it meant he couldn't get along with my nieces. Miles on the other hand is amazing with children. I don't think he knows how attractive that is to me. Sophie and Olivia love him. Sophie pointed at me form her spot on the couch and Miles turned to look at me. He smiled and said, \"Sweetie\". I walked toward him with both the champagne glasses in hand. I sat next to him on the couch just as Olivia jumped in front of me. Miles and Olivia are telling me about the story he was just telling the girls as Amanda came over with a plate of food and put it in front of us. I clinked my glass with Miles then got up to talk to Amanda about our men _Miles POV_ I see Iris get up to hug Amanda and start to girl talk. At first they were looking at each other and I can see that they're talking about Graham but then they divert their attention to me. I see that they are both smiling and I know their talking about me so I guess that's a good thing. They are both talking in hushed tones and their faces are close together. That goes on for about 5 seconds then Iris walks over to her brother as Amanda comes up to me so we can clink our champagne glasses together. I look over to Iris and she has her head leaning against Graham's shoulder laughing. She looks really happy. I decide to be silly and walk next too Amanda dancing and say, \"I challenge thee\" She accepts and says, \"Me?\" We start dancing silly as Iris starts to dance with her brother. Amanda and I bump our hips together and she's laughing hysterically. She stops and goes over to Graham and Iris comes to me. When she smiles at me, nothing matters but her. I wrap my arms around her waist as she wraps hers around my neck. She's a little taller than me in her heels but I still got this. We are dancing in a circle and she has her hand stroking the side of my face as I tell her, \"Your family is awesome. Did I tell you that yet?\" She laughs even though I act like it's no big deal, internally I dance in happiness because I love her laugh. _Iris POV_ He always knows how to make me laugh. I really love that about him. I think he's made me smile more in these 2 weeks I've known him then the whole 3 years I was in love with Jasper. Miles makes me feel more wanted and treasured then Jasper ever did. I pull him closer and were dancing cheek to cheek. He whispers in my ear, \"You look amazing tonight, in case you didn't know. And I'm so glad I came here with you.\" I smile again and hold him close as we dance in our own little world. Amanda pulls us out of our world by announcing that, \"We have to bring in the New Year with a dance train.\" Miles and I let go of each other and we all start dancing around the coffee table. As Miles and Amanda shout out a \"Happy New Year!\" I realize how it is really a totally new year for me. In more ways than one. This is also the first 'happy' New Years I've had in 3 years. We keep dancing but then I remember that I only have one more day on holiday till I have to go back to work. And Miles has to go back to L.A. I stop for a second as I realize this. Graham asks me, \"Iris, is something the matter?\" I look at him and put on a fake smile because I don't want to ruin the party vibe and say, \"I'm fine. I just remembered something I had to do before going back to work is all.\" He looks like he doesn't believe me but doesn't bother me about it and we keep dancing.[Chapter 2] (It's 2 A.M New Year's Day 2007. Sophie and Olivia went to sleep. Amanda and Graham are in his office talking. Miles is next to Iris the couch. She's leaning her head on his shoulder as she traces an invisible pattern on his palm.) _Iris POV_ I don't want to be the first to talk. Because I know if I'm the first to talk then I have to start this conversation. I would have to start a conversation I don't want to have simply because it means acknowledging that Miles has to go back to L.A. and I have to stay here. Luckily I wasn't the first to speak. \"Your family is great. Sophie and Olivia may be the cutest things I've ever seen and they're really smart.\" That wasn't what I was expecting him to say but I respond anyway just to respond and almost robotically say, \"Yeah, they're great.\" There is an awkward pause and then Miles talks again, \"And Surrey is beautiful. You really get to experience what Nat King Cole sang about you know\" and then he starts to sing as I laugh \"Chestnuts roasting on an open fire, Jack Frost nipping at your nose\" then goes back to talking while I'm still giggling, \"and all that jazz.\" 'Yes, I guess I do\". I stop laughing and we both get quiet again. Now I'm sure that neither of us want to start \"the\" conversation. We just continue to sit together with my head on his shoulder and fiddling with his fingers on his right hand. This goes on for about 5 minutes of silence. I was just about to break the silence and then Miles starts the conversation. \"We've gotta talk Simpkins.\" My hands stop moving in his immediately but I don't remove them. \"I know.\" \"I have to leave in 2 days. We have to go back to our lives that are literally on 2 different sides of the world. There won't be any trips to DVD rental stores where I'm singing the songs of the scores in the store while you laugh and giggle for a while. No sessions of singing at the keyboard at my house. No talks with Arthur until your next holiday and from what you told me you don't take Holidays often\" \"You're right\" \"And I don't want to take you from your life here. I work from home so I can take off a lot more than you but what happens with all the time in between?\" He's right. What happens with the time in between? We can do all the obvious things like call and e-mail each other but we both know how quickly that can get old. Our conversation is fantastic but a relationship cannot survive on conversation alone. So I come up with the best things I can. I stand to get off the couch and face him, \"We try our best to make it work. Even if we both end up with broken hearts after however long it takes for it to fall apart we still gave 'us' a chance and we learn from it. We are finally choosing to be with another person that we know is right... that we feel is right, unlike both of our previous relationships. We are both doing something different so then maybe we won't break each other's hearts. Right?\" At this point I'm pacing back and forth not even looking at him. I'm just rambling and saying anything to fill up the silence because truly I'm scared. I'm scared that if I don't try to make a relationship with Miles work that I'll be missing out on a amazing opportunity for happiness in this new life I've started living. But at the same time it could all crash and burn and the first decent man I've met in a long time, who has made me feel fantastic since the moment I've met him, will be out of my life. And I'll probably never see him again. Miles stands up and takes my hands in his to stop me from pacing. He then starts to caress my face with his right hand and says, \"Yeah. You could be right. But I've done the long distance thing before and to be frank it sucks. And when I did that she wasn't nearly as fantastic as you so it's gonna really suck now.\" And I swoon and blush as I hold his hand to my face. \"So… last night I contacted one of my English friends in the film composing business who has new project coming up in London. He goes all over the place but he's going to be working out of London for the next 6 months.\" I started to get excited and asked, \"And?\" \"I asked if he wanted any help and he told me I could do it from home and send the music to him.\" My face fell and he took his hand from the side of my face. \"Oh\" \"Or… I could stay with him and work with him in his studio for the next 6 months.\" \"Really?! Are you joking?\" \"Not at all. He just confirmed it to me about an hour ago but I didn't announce it because I wanted you to be the first to know. For a little while, I'll be just 40 minutes away from you.\" \"Oh, Miles!\" I held his face in my hands to kiss him and pulled him into a hug as he wrapped his arms around my waist. I whispered into his ear, \"I know I already told you that you're an incredibly decent man but you are that and more Miles. And I can assure you that it's not you with the problem.\" \"As long as you are okay with it Iris then it's not a problem.\" We subconsciously started swaying in a circle and Miles started humming a song from the score of Casablanca. We kept swaying in a dance until he was finished humming and pulled out of our embrace but kept ahold of my hands. \"But the catch is I have to leave tomorrow—well technically today in about 8 hours to get my things and the rest of the agreements sorted out with the record company to relocate-\" \"And we can't spend the day together before I go back to work.\" I finished. \"Yeah.\" \"That's okay. I mean I'm not thrilled about it but you're coming back for a whole six months but are you sure want to relocate yourself for 6 months? I don't to take you from your life either.\" \"You're not. The best thing about music is that it's a universal language. I can go anywhere and get a job and I'm really ready for something new… in more ways than one.\" I read between the lines and we smiled at each other. I kissed him again. I pulled away and asked, \"What time is your flight?\" \"10 a.m.\" \"Well, I'll take you to the airport.\" \"No. I'll take a cab. I don't want to bother you\" \"Nonsense. You're never a bother because as you know I enjoy your company. Besides, since I don't get to spend my last day on holiday with you, I'll at least drive you to the airport.\" \"Okay fine Simpkins. If you really want to.\" They started to walk together out of the house so they could drive to her cottage to sleep for a bit and because his stuff was there. They don't know if they will last. They don't know whether they will end in ruins, amicably or last till the end but they want to take the chance to make 'them' work. They want to leap in faith that they will work. So they leap.[Chapter 3] _Iris POV_ It's been a week since Miles left. He told me that he would let me know when he has arrived in London but I haven't heard from him yet. I hope everything got sorted out in L.A. I really didn't think I would miss being around him as much as I do. When I'm with him I just can't stop laughing and smiling. He makes me feel like a \"leading lady\". I can't wait till I see him again. Maybe then Jasper will finally leave me alone. He has been calling and emailing me nonstop saying that he thinks he can make it work between us and still telling me that he doesn't want to lose me. I've just ignored it all. I said all that I have to say to him in L.A. I will no longer give any more of my time and energy to that man. Just then I hear a knock on my office door. My door is already open so I turn around to see the one and only Jasper Bloom. Speak of the devil and he shall appear. I quickly return to my work and resume typing as I say, \"What do you want Jasper?\" \"Well, you know exactly what I want Simpke.\" \"Well you can take want you want and shove it up your a—\" \"But I'm not here about that right now\" \"Than what on earth could you possibly want from me?\" \"You have a visitor. He seems like a nice chap. We had a nice conversation in the lobby before he asked if you were here so I lead him up here.\" I just looked at him trying to figure out who it could possibly be. \"Well where is this mystery visitor?\" \"He's just coming out of the bathroom\" Jasper looks to someone out on his right and shakes his hand and I hear the mystery man's voice and I instantly grin from ear to ear. Jasper steps aside to let the man in as I stand up to meet him. He looks at me and says with a smile, \"Hey Simpkins\" \"Miles\" He takes two strides over to me as I stand up and jump into his arms. I wrap my arms around his neck just as he wraps his arms around me to lift me a spin me once around. Miles puts me down and we step out of our close embrace. We still have our hands on each other as I say, \"You're here. How come I haven't heard from you until now?\" \"Well, things took a little longer than expected and I wanted to- Mhhm-\" I didn't let him finish and I took his face in my hands and brought his lips to mine. I don't know what came over me. Seeing him made me realize that I missed him more than I thought and I just kissed him. I wanted to show him how much I missed him. We pull apart from the kiss and he just looks at me with dazed eyes, speechless. \"You were saying?\" \"I wanted to surprise you.\" \"Well good job. You definitely surprised me. And what a pleasant surprise\" \"I should surprise you more often\" I pull away from Miles and look to my door as I noticed Jasper standing there with his mouth open and completely speechless. I let out a chuckle as I ask Jasper, \"Is there anything else you need?\" Jasper finally closes his mouth and straightens as he responds and says, \"No, that's it. I'll just be in my office if you need me.\" \"I won't. Thank you\" \"Yeah\" Miles and I watch him walk all the way the down to his office and when he enters it we fall about laughing. Once we're done laughing Miles turns back to me and asks, \"So that's the guy you were trying to get over in L.A huh?\" \"Yup. That would be him. He said you were nice\" \"Really? Well then mission accomplished.\" I look towards Miles and ask, \"What mission?\" \"Well when I got here he was in the lobby and I asked him if he knew you and he told me he did and introduced himself to me. When he told me his name I decided to mess with him. I got a few laughs out of him and acted friendly so he would be happy to show me the way to your office and then he would see our reunion and be all shocked and like 'Whoa, what's happening here?'. Then you kissed me and it was just the cherry on top of his 'Suck it, Sundae'. \"Suck it sundae?\" \"Yeah. He was a stupid schmuck and not only did you wrong but let you go and now he gets to pay\" \"Ahh, I see.\" \"So Iris, can I take you lunch?\" I look at my watch and noticed it was my lunchtime, but I was planning to work through lunch today to get home a little earlier today. \"Sorry sweetie, I can't today. I have to work through my lunch today but because I am I can get off work a little earlier than usual. So how about we meet up later?\" He didn't seem too happy about it but said, \"That sounds good. It'll be our second date but this time it'll be just the two of us. Not that I didn't enjoy New Year's but it'll be nice to have some time one on one again.\" \"Are you sure you're okay with that?\" \"Yeah. I would've been nice to spend a little more time with you now but a date is better. Plus it'll give me some time to get settled in London.\" \"Okay. Well I get out of work and 6 and get home at around 7. Is 8 o'clock too late?\" \"Nope. 8 o'clock is perfect. I'll pick you up at your cottage.\" \"It's a date. Okay, I'll see you at 8.\" He kissed me on the cheek and was about to leave when he turned around and says \"Oh, I almost forgot. I brought something for you.\" He pulls out a CD from a pocket on his jacket and says, \"Listen to it. Maybe it'll give you some inspiration.\" He walks out before I have a chance to say anything back to him. I immediately put the CD into my computer and sit down to resume typing. The first track is Miles's voice saying, \"Hey Simpkins. You may have guessed that this CD is a compilation of your favorite songs from the scores of the amazing movies we watched during your holiday in L.A. But the very last track on here is the best one to me. It's a Miles Dumont original and it has no words but I used only the good notes. Now you can either skip to the last track or listen to it all the way through but just remember to look at the last song title when you do get to it. Regardless, I hope you like it.\" The next track plays but I skip to the last song. What I hear next takes my breath away. The melody of the song is absolutely beautiful and crafted with the upmost care. The song has depth and parts were it gets gloomy and dark but those parts are soon forgotten about when the beautiful melody comes back in. It was like the song was telling a story but also expressing what an amazing and precious story in belonged too. As the song played its last few chords I remembered to look at the song title and again was rendered breathless and speechless. He named the song, \"IRIS\" It's been awhile. SORRY! I just got very busy with life and I was having a huge case of writers block. I need ideas for the next chapter so leave that in the reviews along with the reviews for the chapter. Thank you soo much for positive feedback. As long as you want to read more, I'll write more.[Chapter 4] Same Day 5:30 P.M IRIS P.O.V I've been working and writing at full speed today. I didn't realize until now how sluggish I was before Miles showed up. Shortly after Miles left, I quickly got a soup for lunch and went straight back to work. I've been listening to the CD he made me today while working. He was right about the inspiration I would get while listening to it but that's not the only reason I've been getting through my work faster. The sooner I'm done, the sooner I can get home and get ready for our date tonight. As I'm concluding my last few sentences on another high society engagement, I notice that I still have about half an hour till my day ends. As I look over all the work I've done during today, I must say that I'm impressed with myself. Any other day, I would be clocking in overtime work to finish the amount of work I've got done today. I guess having a little extra motivation doesn't hurt. The time still reads 5:35. I'm not just going to sit here for another twenty-five minutes. I start to pack up my things to leave when Jasper appears in the doorway of my office. He sees me packing up and asks, \"Isn't it a little early to call it a day?\" \"Well, I've finished all of my work for today. There's no reason for me to stay any longer and you as well as I know that I don't have to.\" I hope he read between the lines of those words. I put on my coat and pack my bag. My back is turned towards Jasper so I don't see that he's way too close to me until I turn towards him to leave. I quickly put some distance between us by pushing him away asking, \"Is there a reason that you're in my way? \"I want to ask you something?\" \"I don't have to answer to you. Now if you'll excuse me, I'll be leaving now.\" I walk past Jasper and just as I reach the door way he asks, \"Did you ever love me?\" I stop in my tracks and just stand there as I think of my response to his question and whether I should respond at all. I turn around to face Jasper and simply say, \"I did. At least I thought I was in love with you.\" I pause then let out a slight chuckle as I say, \"You know Jasper, I feel sorry for you and whoever you become involved with. You don't what it is to truly love a woman. You preach about what love is and give advice but you never loved me nor do you love your fiancé. If you did we maybe would have still been together right now. Maybe I would have been writing about my own engagement instead of covering yours. And If you loved her, we wouldn't be having this conversation and you would've never come to L.A to see me with false proclamations of love while still being engaged to be married. But I also want to thank you Jasper. Thank you for not stringing me along and for letting me go. If not, it would've taken me a lot longer to find happiness within myself. And I would've never taken a Holiday in L.A and met someone who has made me feel like I'm worth it since the first moment I met him. Thank for realizing that you weren't man enough for me.\" Jasper had no response. He just stood there with his mouth agape attracting flies. I took that as my cue to leave. \"Now if you'll excuse me, I have a date with someone who is man enough.\" I turn around to leave and Jasper finally closes his mouth and speaks. \"Is it Miles? He's the one who…is man enough?\" I don't turn around but I swear he can see the smile on my face as I answer. \"Yes. Goodbye Jasper. Close my door on your way out.\" I walk out of the office and building with sure strides and that smile still on my face. I catch the train and make it home by 6:30. I've better start getting ready for my date. I haven't been this excited for a date in years. I know this will be a night to remember. LATER THAT NIGHT MILES P.O.V I arrived at Iris's cottage at 7:50. I wait in the car just to calm down my nerves. I can't believe that I'm here right now. That this gorgeous \"leading lady\" as Arthur says, wants to go on a date with me. That she kissed me and ran to me in front of her ex. I have no idea why cause I'm just this dorky movie score maker from L.A. But here I am in Surrey in front of a cottage waiting for 8 to roll around. Last time I was here about a week ago, Iris and I almost crossed a line that I'm glad we didn't cross. When we got to her cottage that New Year's Day, neither of us were tired and neither of us were ready to part ways. We knew that we would have to temporarily but we wished we didn't have to. FLASHBACK The whole ride over from Graham's house to Iris's cottage took about half an hour. I went between looking at Iris while she drove to just looking at the English countryside blanketed in snow. It was so beautiful and new to me, just like Iris, because I've lived in L.A for so long. I don't notice that we've arrived at the cottage until Iris asked me, \"Hey. Do you plan to come in?\" I looked at her gorgeous face that had a smile that lit up my day, even in these early hours. I thought I hit the jackpot with Maggie but Iris is a whole other level of lucky. She's smart, funny, wise, witty, beautiful inside and out with a heart of gold. I sit there and look at her while all these thoughts are going through my head. Finally, I respond and say, \"Yeah. Let's go inside. It's freezing out here\" I enter the house after Iris and as we're taking off our coats I see that black cocktail dress she's wearing I am again caught staring at her. I can't help it. That dress accentuates her chest with a low neckline and gives me a good view but isn't indecent. It falls just above her knees so I can see some of her legs and what the black pumps she wears is doing to for her legs and behind. She's natural beauty but has just the right amount of makeup on and is just makes her mesmerizing blue-green eyes just pop. Her blonde hair is curled and loose and ringlets fall delicately onto her shoulders. As she goes to grab our coats to put them away I stop her and I walk toward her and touch her hand. There's immediate electricity. Instead of addressing it, I see a piano toward the wall and ask, \"Hey. How does that piano sound back there?\" \"I barely use it but I know it's in tune and sounds pretty good.\" \"Well let's see shall we.\" We walk towards the piano hand in hand. I sit on the small bench and she sits beside me as I flip the cover off the keys. I start to play a melody that I know Iris has heard once before but I can tell she doesn't remember. She just sits beside me and listens. After a minute or two of playing I play the last chord, I was so wrapped up in the song and playing it perfectly for her that I didn't notice Iris looking at me with what I imagine is amazement or admiration. She leaned closer to me as I was playing the song and when I turn to her our faces are mere inches apart. Our eyes locked and we lean closer and when our lips touch it's like nothing I've ever experienced. It starts of slow and soft but quickly becomes hot and heavy. We're still on the bench kissing but the position where in doesn't allow room for much movement. I break our contact for us both to stand up. We're at it again, kissing with my arms around her waist and rubbing on her back while hers wrap around my neck and her fingers tangle in my hair. We slowly 'dance' over to the couch not even stopping for breath. When the back of Iris's legs hit the couch we finally break apart so she can lower herself onto it and pulls me down on top of her in the process. When she pulls me closer and starts to push my suit jacket from my shoulders in efforts to undress me I finally snap back to reality. I pull my lips away but keep our foreheads connected as I breathlessly say, \"Wait. Wait. Wait. Stop.\" I didn't want to lose our close contact but her full lips so close to mine proved to be to too much temptation for me to handle. I pulled away from her and sat up on the other side of the couch. I leaned forward on my knees as I held my head in my hands and took deep breaths trying to calm myself down. She sat up too and folded her hands on her lap. We just sat looking straight ahead in silence. I broke the silence and said, \"We're going too fast. We got caught up in a moment and the fact that I'm leaving in a few hours for an unknown amount of time makes us not think straight.\" \"I know. I know. You're right. It just felt so good to be doing this. Especially since it's been so long since I've done this but that doesn't change that it's too soon. I just felt like it would be a long time until I saw you again so I guess… She let out a light chuckle as she continued,\" I wanted to give you some motivation to get back here as soon as possible.\" I chuckle right back and scoot closer to her on the couch as I say,\" Trust me. I already have enough motivation.\" She closes the distance between us and says, \"Really? Does that mean you don't want to do… this?\" \"No not at all. It just means I don't think we should take this step yet. Plus, it's not the same with Graham and Amanda. I'll be coming back soon and staying for a while. We know we'll be seeing each other again soon. They don't know when they'll see each other again. At least not for certain.\" \"Yeah, you're right. But you do realize that doing this, saying to slow down and wait, really does work in your favor.\" \"What? If I told the guys what I just did, they would tell me I'm crazy and stupid\" \"Well, they can think whatever they want to think but let me tell you, the fact that you make these decisions that most men wouldn't is exactly what I like about you.\" She grabs one of my hands and interlocks her fingers with mine as she leans in closer and gives me a chaste kiss. \"Yeah. I do remember you telling me that I'm a decent man.\" \"I remember telling you that is never a problem. At least not to me\" I sigh in relief and just look at this incredible woman next to me. So many women I know and have dated would've called me less of a man for this or gotten upset or angry at me. It would've bruised their ego's and I probably would've been told to leave. But not Iris. I guess that's what makes her… Iris. I look at my watch and see that it's 3:15 A.M. \"How long does it take to get to the airport from here\" \"About an hour\" \"Well I wanna get to the airport a good 2 hours' early cause it's gonna be crazy today. You okay with that?\" \"Yeah. That's a good idea actually.\" \"So we've got 1 and a half hours to kill before we gotta get going. What do you wanna do until then.\" \"I'm not really that tired so how about we get comfortable and washed up, cook some Fettuccini, and watch a good movie.\" \"Sounds like a plan. You go first and I'll get started on the Fettuccini.\" We cooked and snuggled up on the couch while we watched the movie. Luckily, I put an alarm on my phone cause we were out cold within the first 30 minutes with and woke up with her head on my chest and arms around each other. If not, we would've stayed in that peaceful embrace. END OF FLASHBACK I walk up to Iris's door and knock. It opens not even 5 seconds later with Iris looking amazing. She's dressed in a tight black cocktail dress. It shows off all her curves in all the right places and there she goes again with that low neckline. She never really dressed like this in L.A. She has more curves and a better body than she normally shows. And I like that in a woman. Half of her hair is pulled up in a clip and the rest of the soft curls fall on her shoulders. She has minimal makeup but again, just the right amount 'cause she doesn't need much. And those legs that never quit with her black pumps. \"You look amazing.\" I opted for a simple and sleek, black suit and a tie. I also found a way to calm my usually unruly hair. \"You don't look too bad yourself.\" \"Well, are you ready to go?\" \"Yeah. Let me just get my coat and purse and we can go\" I waited at her doorstep for her to retrieve those and we left. Little did she know what I planned for us.[Chapter 5] IRIS POV I thought that Miles was taking me to London so I was expecting for it to take at least 45 min to get to whatever restaurant he was taking me to. But he surprised me by taking me elsewhere. I knew something was up when we came to a stop and were still in the country side. We pull up to a cabin. I just the right size for two people to live in. It a one floor home and cozy. I can see that it's lit up from the inside so he must have been here earlier to set this all up. I'm so in my head that I don't even realize that Miles has gotten out of the car until the passenger door opens and puts his hand out for me to grab and says, \"My lady\" I take hold of his hand as I step out of the car and hold it until we reach the door and Miles takes out the keys to open it. When he opens the door, I see one of the most beautiful cabins I've ever seen. It's modern, rustic, and its simplicity is what I love about it. There is a small kitchen but modern and simple design. The hardwood floor shines like no one has ever walked on it and there is a nice size living room and dining room. In the dining room, there is a beautiful cherry wood table set up with candles, champagne, and two meals covered by a silver dishes. I notice that there are more rooms in the back of the cabin. Probably bedrooms. I just continue to stare around the surprisingly spacious cabin. Miles catches my attention again my asking, \"It's nice, isn't it?\" \"It's gorgeous. Whose place is this?\" \"Well…mine\" I whip my around and face him and ask, \"What did you just say?\" Not believing what I just heard needing him confirm it. \"This place is mine. Well, at least for the next 6 months.\" \"What? Are you serious?\" \"Yes. I'm serious.\" \"How?\" \"Well that buddy that asked me to come here said I could stay with him or rent his cabin in Surrey for the 6 months. He drove me out here and I saw this beauty and said 'Yes'. I'll have to commute every day to London but I'll be living here.\" I didn't know how to accurately express how excited this made me, so I just flew into his arms and hugged him. He laughed as I crashed into him. I hugged him for a good minute and when I let go I grabbed his face and gave him a soft but deep kiss. When we pulled away he said, \"Wow. I'm glad you're happy.\" \"Thank you. You are giving our relationship a chance and taking a big risk for this.\" \"Well, you're a once in a lifetime woman. I couldn't let you go.\" \"And I won't let you go.\" \"Alright so I don't know about you but I've been running around a lot today to set this up and I feel like I can eat 5 horses so let's sit down\" Miles and I sit on our sides of the table. I just noticed that only my plate has a cover on it. Miles gestures to lift it up and when I do I see small silver bell standing in the middle. I look over at Miles with a raised eyebrow and he tells me, \"Ring the bell.\" I hesitantly pick it up and shake the metal instrument. I hear a door open from somewhere in the cabin and out comes someone I wasn't expecting to see. I stand up and I can't believe my eyes when I see, \"Arthur? Is that you?\" \"There's my leading lady!\" I stand up to embrace him and when I pull away I ask, \"Oh my god! What are you doing here?\" \"Well when I invited Miles over for dinner a few days ago, he told me that he's preparing to go to London. I knew it was to chase you so I said I would tag along but only for a week. I haven't experienced cold like this in a long time and I've gotten so used to the sunshine. Plus, an old fart like me had no business just being in the way of love.\" \"Arthur. You wouldn't be in the way. Regardless, it's so good to see you. I miss being your neighbor.\" \"Same here kid. We can catch up later but for now, please sit so I can do my job?\" \"Job? What do you mean?\" It was just then that I noticed Arthur's outfit. He's wearing a white dress shirt, black dress pants, a black vest. His waiter's uniform was complete with a black bowtie. I look back up to Arthur and say, \"Arthur. No. You don't have to.\" I hear Miles speak up and say, \"I tried to talk him out of it but he insisted. He told me, and here Miles did a mock Arthur voice, 'I'm no freeloader and I can't cook so I'm gonna help out somehow and that's final\" I laughed at the voice Miles did and Arthur couldn't help but laugh along as he said, \"Yeah. I sure did so if you please…\" Arthur gestured over to the empty chair for me to join Miles at the table. I sat down and Arthur came over to the table and said with a fake and rather posh British accent, \"Hello you lovely people. I'll be your waiter for this evening. The dinner is set and ready but you do have your choice of beverage. What would you both like to drink?\" I could barely hold down my laughter at not only the horrible accent Arthur was speaking with but all the times Miles cringed while hearing it. But I still managed to say, \"Red wine please.\" Arthur must've seen through my façade and asked, \"The accent was rough, wasn't it?\" I finally let my laughter out as I say, \"Yes. Just stick with your accent. It suits you.\" \"You got it. I'll got get that wine now\" I watched Arthur turn and walk away then redirected my attention back to Miles. \"So, what's on the agenda tonight?\" \"If you call dinner and conversation with a pretty lady an agenda then that's all\" I didn't believe it so I raised my other eyebrow this time and he responded by putting his hands up in surrender and saying, \"I promise. No more surprises. From here on this night will just be a normal date. Unless of course you care to do something else.\" \"No, no. A normal date sounds lovely.\" \"Really? Cause I thought it was a little… corny? You know with the cabin and Arthur.\" I catch the playful sarcasm and I respond by saying something I have said before but to Arthur. \"I'm looking for corny in my life\" \"Good cause that's exactly what you're gonna get with me.\" I laugh and while I'm laughing he adds, \"That line sounds like it belongs in a movie\" I laugh even harder at the words I've heard before and Miles doesn't even know why. The rest of the night was bliss. We had amazing conversation and great food which I was impressed that Miles cooked. Right before dessert Arthur announces that he'll be leaving us for the night. He's staying in a hotel in London. After dessert was served Miles put on some music from the Casablanca soundtrack and we swayed together and held each other close. He makes me feel safe and like a precious treasure when holding me like this. After about 2 songs I see Miles checks the time with his arms still around me and tells me, \"Wow. It's a quarter to eleven already.\" \"Well, I guess time does fly when you're having fun\" \"I guess so\" At this moment, Miles looks strait into my eyes like he can understand me. Like he knows exactly how I'm feeling right now. Like he knows how much I've thought about that moment in my cottage on New Year's Day. At the time, he was right. It was way too early to cross that line and normally now would still be too early. But somehow, I know if we do, he'll be by my side when I wake up and will stay there until I tell him to leave or he leaves himself. So instead of trying to hint to it with words, I act. I tilt my head closer to his until our lips meet with a demanding kiss. He reciprocates and pulls me against him. We keep kissing languidly and deeply as our mouths open to explore each other. He breaks away from my lips and moves down to my neck and back up to my ear. My lips find his ear and I suck on the earlobe and gently nip. When I release, Miles pulls away slightly and says, ''I think we should call it a night\" \"Why would you say that?\" \"Well cause I'm getting a little excited and I need to cool down.\" \"Who's says I want you to?\" \"Iris, last time at your cottage we— \" \"At the time, we were going too far but I don't think we are now. I guess absence does make the heart grow fonder.\" I lean in again and kiss Miles again but this time I pull his bottom lip between my, being very clear on what I want. Miles pulls away and seems to be in trance before he asks me, \"Are you sure?\" I give no response except kiss him again deeply while pushing off his jacket and letting it fall to the ground. He smiles at me a finally gives me a demanding kiss and closes all distance between us. I continue to undress him loosening his tie and letting it join his jacket on the floor. As we continue to kiss Miles starts to rub sensually over my back. One of his hands grab and tangle with the hair at the base of my neck. Little does he know that is one of my weaknesses and now I'M getting excited. His tugs at the hair slightly as his other hands lowers down to the zipper on my dress. Before he can pull it down, with much resistance I stop him and pull away to grab his hand. I lock my fingers with his and say, \"You know, you haven't given me a full tour of the cabin yet.\" He smiles and me and says, \"You're right. I should show you the rooms in the back\" \"Sounds good to me\" We walk hand in hand as he leads me to the back. He shows me two spacious guest bedrooms both equipped with in suite bathrooms. The last room was the master bedroom. I don't want to hear him talk anymore. He directs me into the room and I don't wait any longer to kiss him. I start to unbutton his shirt and he finally pulls the zipper on my dress down. We're in the doorway so Miles leads me further into the room and closes the door with his foot as we undress each other in a frenzy. There must be something in the air in L.A because, from what Graham told me about Amanda, and my own experience with Miles tonight, they definitely know what they're doing between the sheets. I learned that twice tonight.[Chapter 6] The Day After IRIS POV I woke up to the blinding, and surprisingly warm, winter sun in my face. I cover my eyes with my arm and that's when I notice then I am not home. I bolt up in the bed and see that I'm in a unfamiliar but beautiful room in crisp, white, linen sheets. When I hear the clatter of pots from outside the room I finally remember that I'm at Miles's beautiful cabin. I look around the room and notice that the clock on the bedside table reads 9:15 A.M. I pick up the clock to make sure I read it right. I was right! I bolt out of the bed and frantically search for my clothes. I put them on in a haste, grab my shoes and almost run out the room. I follow the smells and sounds coming from the kitchen and see Miles in a t-shirt and sweat pants cooking as the soundtrack of Casablanca plays form the stereo in the living room. He turns from the stove to grab something on the counter behind him and sees me. \"Iris! You're up. Did you sleep well\" I just look at him with his goofy smile and want to yell at him a bit for not waking me up on time but just respond and say, \"Yes, I did. Do you know what time it is?\" He easily responds, \"Close to 9:30. Why?\" I walk closer to the opposite side of the counter and tell him, \"I have to work today Miles.\" \"You're friend Hannah called and asked where you were because you-\" \"Usually meet her at the train station in the mornings. And what did you tell her?\" He continued cooking and moving through the kitchen as he said, \"I told that you ate something bad at the restaurant 'cause she knew about our date and got a bad case of food poisoning. She also asked why did I answer the phone and not you. I told her that I stayed with you the whole night and held your hair as you threw up. She said to tell you,\" Good job on this one.\" And says she hopes to see you at work on Monday considering in is now Friday. So, in short, we now have the whole weekend to ourselves.\" He placed a plate of food in front of me and said, \"Breakfast is served.\" I look at him in awe as he starts to prepare another plate of food for himself then he tells me, \"I put a change of clothes for you on the loveseat in the bedroom. I just a t-shirt and a pair of sweats with socks but it probably is more comfortable then that dress. Even though you do look amazing in it.\" He then sits pulls out the counter stool next to mine and sits down to eat his breakfast. He notices that I'm staring at him and I just go to him, grab his face, and kiss him. His lips taste like sugar. I pull away and finally notice that he's cooked French toast with some scrambled eggs and a few strips of bacon. He finishes it off with freshly squeezed orange juice and a cup of tea. I don't say anything else as I walk back to the bedroom to change. Once I've changed, and I must say that I am very comfortable, I go back into the kitchen to eat and see Miles still there working on his plate. I sit next to him and we both eat in comfortable silence. We both clean up the kitchen and once we are all done, Miles asks me, \"So Simpkins, what do you want to do today. I'm down for anything.\" I thought about all the places in London I could show him and places nearby we could go but then another idea appealed to me more. I just hope it holds the same appeal to him. \"How about we just stay in today, watch a bunch of movies and get to know each other more. We spent close almost 2 weeks together in L.A but I feel like there is still so much we don't know about each other. How does that sound.\" \"That sounds like a good day to me. But if we're gonna watch movies, we should probably head over to your place. From what I've seen, my friend's selection isn't too hot.\" \"That can be done.\" I glance at the clock on the wall and say, \"It's 10 o'clock now. When do you want to leave?\" \"Let me get changed and then we can go. You can keep those clothes on if you want.\" \"I plan to. I'll get my stuff from your room and you can change.\" Once Miles changed, we left and I drove to my cottage. Once we got there, the temperature change hit me like a ton of bricks. I quickly asked Miles to start a fire while I started a kettle for tea and some coffee for Miles. Once those were both done, I went to Miles and saw him sitting down on the floor by the fireplace, watching the dancing flames and inhaling the smell of the freshly charred wood. I quietly walk over and sit next to him on the ground. I notice that even though I have sit down he still is staring into the center if the fire. It takes a about 10 seconds for him to come out of his daze and he directs his attention to me. He lets out a forced smile then sigh as he asks, \"So, what are we watching Simpkins?\" \"Well, you can look at my selection and see what I have. I'll warn you, it isn't much. I don't have nearly the selection or system Amanda has.\" \"Are there any rental stores nearby?\" \"There's one about 30 minutes out.\" \"Fancy a trip to the rental store?\" I smile at the memory of doing the same thing in L.A and say, \"That sounds lovely.\" \"Alright. Let's go.\" We got into the car and I drive to the rental store and point things out as I drive and act as a tour guide. There wasn't that much to see but he seemed to like it. Once we arrive at the store, we start looking through the aisles starts to point movies, \"Look at this. Titanic. Great love story. Hot lead actress and great soundtrack.\" He starts to imitate a flute player as he starts to sing my heart will go on. (Singing)\"You're here. There's nothing I fear. And I know that my heart will go on! (Speaking) Celine was awesome before this movie but this catapulted her to international fame. But honestly, my favorite guys were the quartet.\" I try and fail to hold in a snicker and follow him as he keeps movie through the aisles. \"Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind. Amazing movie. Great actors. Simple music but perfect for the movie. And the singer really does show his pain in the song you know, (Singing) Change your heart, look around you. (Spoken) With that raspy, cry-singing, (Singing) I need your lovin'. (Spoken) \"This movie is a great example of knowing when not too use too much. It's simple and aides the story. It stays in the background which is good for this movie.\" I can do nothing but smile at his antics. He picks up another DVD, \"Kong. The King! James Newton Howard did exactly what he was supposed to do in this film. Brilliant soundtrack for a brilliant movie. Big music for a big character. It is (singing) epic!\" He picked up a film I hadn't seen before and gasped, \"Wow. I didn't expect to see this movie here. I only saw it once when it first released but thought it was brilliant. What do you think?\" He hands the DVD to me and I read the back of the cover for the synopsis. \"Seems interesting enough. I trust your opinion. Let's rent it.\" \"Alright. American beauty it is. Other than you of course, is there any British beauty?\" I blush at his words but answer no, \"No. But there are a lot of good movies here. They also have a really good old movie section so let's go look at the selection there.\" \"Sure.\" He stands next to me and gives me his arm. I take his arm in mine and we walk towards another section. We pick a few movies that I remember I missed on Arthur's movie list then make our way back to my cottage. The rest of the day and evening was blissful. The day was full of fantastic conversation that went everywhere. We watched the 3 of the 6 movies that we rented. For lunch, Miles was able to whip up a truly American dish, 'sloppy joe'. It was mostly because I didn't have much in my cupboards and fridge so he worked with what I had. I must say that they were simply delicious. We put our 'doodle' skills to good use again and at around six in the evening, Miles had leave to London to get some things set up in the studio he'll be writing music in. He told me he would call me when he was done if I wanted him to come back over. We made out on the couch for a bit and I wanted to go further but Miles stopped it saying that he really needed to go and we could continue later. He kissed me goodbye and left me as a giddy mess with a permanent smile on my face. The rest of the weekend went in a similar fashion. Lots of laughs, as always with Miles. Lots of conversation and good food and music. More showings of our skills in bed. We were in our own little world without a care. I can still feel the smile of my face and hear me snorting as I lough so hard tears roll down my face and I clutch my stomach. I forgot what it feels like for a man to treat me right and make me happy. Corny is pretty amazing.[Chapter 7] -IRIS P.O.V- Journal Entry I don't do this often because I write for a living but here I am. It's been close to a month since Miles arrived in London and we've spent nearly everyday together. There are some days that either of us are too swamped with work and are too tired for anything but that only happened once or twice. We didn't mind because we both love our work and knew that we would see each other soon. also, we are always eager to see each other. I doesn't even need to be anything particularly intimate. We just enjoy being with each other and let the chips fall where hey may. Nothing is forced. I guess that's a good about being in a mature, healthy relationship. Everything just works for us. Then again, part of the reason that may be is that we haven't really declared that there is an \"us\". Therefore we feel none of the pressure relationships normally entail. We both know that the reason is because neither of us knows how long this will last. Eventually, Miles will have to go back to L.A and then the long distance will either kill us or cause him to resent me or vice versa. He will be doing most of travelling considering his salary and the fact that he is basically his own boss. I can't travel as much because not only does my job not allow me to travel as much, but neither does my bank account. The better outcome but much less likely is that Miles leaves, we try long distance and it makes us stronger. If so, we'll have to make more permanent decisions in our lives that involve less strain on the relationship. But like I said, that's highly unlikely. I mean, we're adults. Do we really need to have \"the\" conversation? This is something I would have thought necessary a few years ago dating Jasper. I don't like to think of it often, but when I reflect back on those times, I realize that I was very insecure. I also realize that I was utterly dumb with what I thought was love. I saw Jasper as a god. Like some unattainable being that I couldn't possibly have and when he was mine, I became obsessed. I was crazy, stalker obsessed but I do believe it was a form. When he took interest in me, I was too desperate to keep him. Desperation is not attractive to anyone. Then again, he never did fell for me as I did for him. I knew that but because we didn't have \"the\" conversation. I just assumed. The way Miles is, he tells me. He tells me when he likes my outfit, he tells me if I smell good and if he likes the way I did my hair. Jasper didn't. Most of the time, I would have to force a compliment out of him. The most he ever complimented me was when he followed me to L.A and I almost made the huge mistake of taking him back. Well, now karma has had it's way with him. His fiancee called off the marriage and broke up with him just 3 days ago. Apparently, she saw him in my office. While she was waiting outside the door for him, she overheard our conversation and saw he took a trip to L.A on his bank statements. She connected the dots and exposed him for the scum he is. The scandal of it all almost got him fired. Instead, he was just demoted because once people found out the romance guru Jasper Bloom is a common dog like everyone else, his writing failed with the people. His now ex-fiance came to me and asked if she could feature my name in her report and because I let her, the reviews on my section went up. I was offered a promotion but declined. I don't want the scandal of Jasper to be the reason I advance in the workplace. I don't want ANYTHING to do with Jasper ever again. On a lighter, happier note, Miles seems to love England. Especially the countryside. He loves the small but cozy homes and the white winters and the rain. Or that's what he says. He could really be just saying that because he actually hates it but wants to lead me to believe otherwise. I don't try to understand the male brain anymore. I just accept it as is and live with it. Speaking of males, mine is coming over in about a half of an hour. Bloody hell, did I just refer to Miles as \"my male\"? Well, that's a subject for another day. I must make myself look presentable now. Until next time.[Chapter 8] JASPER P.O.V That woman. All she had to do was not include her name. If my ex-fiancee just wrote about a nameless woman I could have made her the scapegoat. I would have claimed that what she wrote is part of a vendetta against me for breaking off our engagement. That this was just the work of an angry woman. Sure, it would have scarred my reputation but scars heal. I would have quickly rose to my former glory and this would be a distant memory. Now, former glory is the distant memory and this scandal is what will in perpetuity and will follow me around as a shadow for the rest of my career. No desirable woman will look my way ever again. It's mostly due to the fact that she is probably the highly esteemed person in the office. No one dislikes her. If she was just another pretty face, then no one would care. No one would have taken her side. But no, she just has to be kind and courteous and always have that smile. She always has to be not only a good person and enjoyable to be around but on top of all that, a bloody good writer. Why the hell am I praising her? She's the reason that I'm here writing an article about men's health. Why in the hell do I care about any man's health but my own? When in the hell did the difference between boxers or briefs or a recommendation of which multi-vitamin to take for the best muscles become a point of interest in serious literary publication? I went from writing editorials to the health and wellness section. I know I'm being repetitive but I repetitively have to see this woman everyday at work. I'm reminded of her when I leave and see my face on other publications. Everywhere I go, there are reminders. And then she has the nerve say she is done with me and flaunt her new relationship. Her relationship that seemed like it was doomed to fail but somehow they've made work. If you think about it, I'm the whole reason they have a relationship. If it wasn't for Iris's need to get away from me, she wouldn't have gone to L.A for her Christmas holiday. She would've never met im if not for me. I heard that the american bloke relocated here. I don't really care if it's true or not, i just something I heard. That would explain why there is still a relationship between the two. Again, it's not like i really care. Just like I've had my infamy lately, so has she. People talk so I just happen to hear the conversations. It's not fair that she get's a new boyfriend and gains success while I lost my fiance and had a decline in my career. She has what is mine. So now, I'm going to make her pay. I will become guilty of the accusations against me. I will become the manipulative, conniving, swine everyone thinks that I am. I will make her… Iris, pay for stealing my life. I will take it back even if it means forcing her to. I will do everything I can to break her. Starting today. Now, all that's left is planning her demise, ","Summary":" **This will switch back and forth from Iris' POV to Miles' POV** (End of \"The Holiday\", Graham's "},{"Movie":"Cube","Title":"Cube Continued","Author":"Sket","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4751119","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: Hi, thanks for reading-well that should be at the end shouldn't it? Anyway, this is my first fan fiction. It's for Cube. I read all the Cube fan fics and there was only like two that wasn't Worth's thoughts at the end, not that there's anything wrong with those of course, I like them. So, this is my version of the ending, in which Leaven and Worth didn't die from their wounds. Please forgive me if its extremely OOC or stupid/ridicules/slow/unorthodox in any of the ways it is sure to be. Oh also, please forgive me if the chapters are too short. I have no idea how long to make them, I just decided on a whim to make it near 1,000 words so…hope that's long enough. Please review! ---------- Falling to the ground, Worth lunging at Quentin, and suffocating pain. These were the last memories I had before the blackness swallowed me. Now they relentlessly played in my mind, over and over and over again. I floated in nothingness, thinking about everything. I wondered absently if I was dead. I thought not, and that I would be when the invisible blanket slowly pressing down on me finally engulfed me. I waited, curious as to what would happen, which religion was right. I began wondering how much time was passing, so I began counting. Seven hundred and forty-six minutes later, I heard a voice. It seemed far away and blurry, it sounded like it was saying 'Leaven'. Leaven…what a funny word. No, no that's not a word. It must be a name. Hmm…come to think of it, that's my name, isn't it? Yes, someone is calling me. How bothersome, I'll have to leave. That scared me, my thoughts made me realize I was about to let myself die. I reached frantically for the voice, pushing against the black around me. I felt it lift away, and then a wave of pain washed over me. I knew I was back, and I used that small bit of good to endure and keep from receding back into the nothingness that seemed so welcoming now. Every inch of my body was flaming with pain. I couldn't fight it, it filled my lungs and my eyes and my mind, blocking out my thoughts. Something warm and wet gently pushed against my burning lips. \"Eat it.\" A voice whispered. The warm thing pushed harder against my lips, parting them. It dropped into my mouth, my mouth filling with its juice. Something covered my mouth and nose, forcing my body to swallow. The process repeated as my mind receded into unconsciousness. \"Uhhhhn…\" My eyes slowly opened, and I saw a red-and-black wall. I stared at it blankly, and then my memory slowly came back. I inhaled sharply as they did, and immediately regretted it. My chest lit up with all-too-familiar pain as my lungs expanded, stopping my breathe short. The flames slowly receded from the blinding force they were to a dull throbbing. I noted that any miniscule movement I made sent my chest into immense agony. I clenched my teeth and held my breath, then slowly sat up. The pain washed over me, stronger than ever before. My body went limp and fell into the wall behind me, I was grateful it was there to catch me and keep me from having to do this again. I didn't know it was possible but the waves became stronger, growing stronger still with each ragged breath. It blinded me and sent me into oblivion. -- David Worth sat on the outside of the door to the bridge, leaning against it. At first he was going to sit with Leaven and wait to see if she ever woke up, but then he remembered he didn't know how many rotations it would be until they came back to the exit. So instead he waited on the outside of the room. The brunette sat with his eyes closed, thinking. There wasn't much to do besides think in the cube. He went over what had happened when they were so close to freedom. Leaven, she'd tried to convince him to leave with her and Kazan. Funny, the last thing she said before Quentin shoved the door handle through her chest was \"I can live with that.\". After the room started moving again Quentin was ripped apart, judging by the screams he heard the remaining pieces of Quentin had plummeted to the bottom of the shell. It came as a shock to him to wake up, Worth had thought he was dead. He examined the hole in his gut and realized it wasn't that deep. He wasn't as lucky as he'd thought. David crawled over to the girl who'd died because of him. He sighed in relief when he realized she'd only been extremely wounded because of him. He went about the business of treating himself and her. Well, treating wasn't really the right word. All he'd done was taken off his shirt and ripped it into thin strips, then wrapped the makeshift bandages around his stomach wound. The one ounce of decency he retained from his childhood was his respect for women, which his mother had thoroughly nailed into him. That prevented him from taking off Leaven's shirt and doing all he could to help her, instead he just wrapped the second half of the bandages over her shirt around her wound. But they needed something to eat… \"Uhhhhn…\" A weak moan jerked him out of his thoughts. Worth opened the door and climbed into the room. He looked over to Leaven, and saw her eyes were open. A moment later they closed tightly. She started to sit up. He walked over to her to help, but she sat up quickly. The girl sagged against the wall. David crouched beside her. \"Leaven?\" He called. \"Leaven, can you hear me?\" His eyes widened and his hand flew to her neck. At first he was relieved to find a pulse, then he was alarmed at how fast it was going. It gradually slowed, and stopped a bit below a normal rate. He guessed it was because she was unconscious. \"Maybe she blacked out from pain. A hole through your chest would do that.\" He decided to follow her example. Worth went to the opposite corner and fell asleep.[Chapter 2] Author's Note: Yay second chapter! Same stuff as before, sorry for stupidity and length and OOCness and such. You could review to tell me what to fix *hint hint* Distant screams brought Leaven back to reality. She looked across the room and saw Worth, who was waking up himself. He sat up, yawning. Then there eyes met and he rushed over to her. \"Leaven, you're awake! Are you okay?\" David asked her anxiously, surprising her with the caring in his voice. \"I've been better.\" She muttered, then noticed he was shirtless. \"Where's your…?\" \"Shirt? I had to stop the bleeding with something.\" He explained. Her eyes drifted to his stomach, seeing the makeshift bandages. She looked at herself as well, seeing he'd treated her as well. \"Oh…thanks.\" She said quietly. \"Now then,\" He said, and she looked back to him. \"are you an idiot!?\" \"H-Huh?\" \"You could've been free! Instead you tried to help me of all people, and look at what that got you.\" \"What do you mean 'you of all people'? There's nothing wrong with you!\" She shouted angrily, then her face contorted in pain and fell over with her hands gripping her chest. He sighed. \"I wish you'd stop hurting yourself over me.\" He said under his breathe. The brunette heard a far-off voice, someone shouting 'oh god!'. His eyes widened as he realized there were others in the cube. He looked back to Leaven, she was more relaxed now, her eyes were closed and she was breathing slowly through her mouth. \"Leaven.\" David said, and she looked at him. \"We need to decide if we're going to stay here or go find the other people in the cube. \"O-other people?\" She questioned. \"Yeah, I guess they thought we were all dead and started a second group. Or maybe they were there the whole time and we just never met. It doesn't really matter.\" \"We should find them.\" \"But how will we get out then?\" Her face brightened at his response. \"So you are going to get out of here next time?\" Worth sighed. \"It doesn't look like I have much of a choice. My team mate is a stubborn fool who doesn't know what's good for her. Lets get going.\" His arms wrapped around Leaven. \"What are you doing?\" She asked, shocked. He stood with her in his arms. \"Well you don't expect to walk around in that condition, do you?\" His voice was light, but his face became a grimace of pain. \"Oh, your stomach! Let me down, I'm hurting you!\" His knees buckled, and he rather unwillingly let her down. \"Well, I guess we won't be off to the rescue just yet. Give me a few minutes, and we're going again.\" He sat down beside her and let his head lean back against the wall. Leaven looked around the room, and her eyes rested on Quentin's leg laying in the corner. Many chunks of it were missing. Her hands clasped her mouth and her eyes widened in shock. Worth followed her trail of vision and saw what she was looking at. He sighed, knowing this was coming. \"Leaven-\" \"Oh god!\" Her eyes clamped shut and she shook her head violently. \" That's what-ugh!\" She hid her face between her knees and wrapped her arms around them. \"Leaven…?\" She didn't move. \"C'mon now Leaven, people have to eat.\" \"People have to eat?\" She replied, not moving from her position. \"People don't eat other people, Worth! People-\" Her voice had been steadily rising then broke off. David stared at her, wondering if she had passed out, when her shoulders started shaking and he realized she was crying. \"Leaven,\" He started, reaching to put his hand on her shoulder. \"Don't touch me.\" She warned in a low voice. \"C'mon now…\" He pleaded, but got no response. He searched his mind for something to say. \"Look…\" He scratched the back of his head \"Quentin…he wasn't a person anyway. He was an animal. And people eat animals all the time, don't they?\" He waited. \"Don't they?\" \"Yes.\" She muttered reluctantly. \"But he looked pretty human to me.\" \"Don't say that. He attacked people, he wanted to get rid of anyone that threatened-in his own words- the pack, he murdered Holloway, and who even knows what he was planning to do to you after that.\" He didn't press her for a reply this time, and she didn't give one. Slowly her crying subsided, and the two sat in silence. \"Lets go.\" Leaven suggested in a hoarse voice, wiping her eyes. \"I don't want to be in the room with that any longer.\" She had suddenly found the door very fascinating. He shrugged and picked her up again. \"Huh.\" He said as he began making his way towards the door. \"What?\" She asked after checking his face for any signs of discomfort. \"You're really light.\" \"Oh, really? I've been on this new diet, its called not eating.\" \"Hmm, maybe I should try that.\" She rolled her eyes and opened the door for them. He started to lay her down and froze. \"What is it?\" She asked in a worried tone. \"How do we know the rooms safe?\" She breathed a silent sigh of relief. \"Well, we don't. You know, if you'd just left we wouldn't be in this mess.\" \"You know, if you'd just left me you wouldn't be in this mess.\" \"But you would.\" She said quietly, looking down at the numbers. Without Kazan, they were surely doomed. \"Oh!\" The blue-eyed girl gasped. \"What?\" \"These numbers-we've been in that room before! So its safe.\" \"You're a freak of nature, you know that?\" He said as he laid her in the passageway. She used her arms and slowly dragged herself through, him right behind her. She stopped at the exit and there was a long silence. \"Umm…how do I get down?\"[Chapter 3] Author's Note: Review or I will...do something unpleasant to you! \"Umm…how do I get down?\" Leaven asked, eying the distance to the floor and cringing at the thought of climbing down, which reminded her that cringing alone brought her pain. \"I got it.\" He said easily, smiling at her worried expression. He reached above her and grabbed the rungs of the ladders, then pulled himself over her and into the room. He slowly climbed down, not wanting to test his limits, then picked her up again. \"Off we go.\" The two traveled onward, both shocked at their luck of always finding rooms they'd been through before. \"You know, we were really lucky.\" Leaven said. David couldn't help but bark out a laugh. \"No really, well not because we're here of course. But in the beginning, we went through so many rooms, and only one of us actually died because of a trap.\" The black haired girl got no response, and they continued on in silence. \"What's your name?\" David suddenly asked. \"Huh?\" Leaven murmured. His steady movements had been lulling her to sleep. She blinked up at him as she gradually regained her focus. \"Your-oh never mind, we're here.\" \"Where's here?\" She asked, looking around. It was the same old green room she'd seen uncountable times before. Then voices drifted down from the room above and she knew they were below the other cube-ees. \"Oh.\" The girl was about to ask how they were going to get up there when she was suddenly moving. David shifted her onto his back and placed her arms around his neck. He walked to the ladder and climbed nimbly to the roof's door and paused. \"Could you…?\" \"Oh! Right.\" She reached with one hand and opened the door. Then he climbed up into a white room. Sharp pain erupted in his head and he fell over, taking Leaven down with him. \"Oh my goodness! I'm sorry!\" A feminine voice shouted, bending down beside him. She had brown hair in a pixie-like style, short and sticking out in every direction. She looked to be in her late twenties or early thirties. Her jacket read her name to be Marigold. David sat up and looked at Leaven, who had curled up into a tense ball. \"You alright?\" He asked, rubbing his head. \"Peachy.\" She replied through clenched teeth. A shriek came from beside him. He looked to see Marigold with her hands clasped to her mouth. \"My god, your covered in blood!\" Worth looked down at himself, seeing a few specks of blood fresh on his makeshift covering. \"Y-Your back!\" She continued. He touched his back and looked at his hand, his fingertips were covered in blood. He looked anxiously back to Leaven, who wasn't moving. David checked her pulse, and was glad to find one. \"Can I have someone's jacket?\" He asked to no one in particular. Marigold slipped off the over shirt and handed it to him. He ripped a sleeve and leaned over the girl to replace her bandages. He straightened up, and got a look at the room and its occupants. Aside from the woman beside him, there were three people standing on the other side of the room. There was a tall masculine man who had had a buzz cut at some point, and now his head was covered in blonde fuzz, Royce. Beside him was an equally tall man, but this one was thin and gangly. The thin man was brunette, his straight greasy hair hanging down to his chin, he had a messy goatee and his jacket said Mason. Seeing the final occupant he noted that Leaven wasn't the youngest anymore. A scrawny boy with brilliant green eyes and messy black hair stood against the wall, watching him with wide eyes, he looked no older than twelve. The boy was labeled Jefferson. Marigold stood and walked to the center of the room to close the gap between the newcomers and the males of her group. \"Well then,\" She began in a whimsical voice, \"I'm Jodie Marigold. This,\" She gestured with her hand to the blonde, \"is Randy,\" Her hand swept past the other two, \"Smith, and Jefferson.\" The tall blonde, Randy, gave a curt nod and a grunt. The young one only slinked further away from the group. He inched to the opposite corner of Leaven and Worth and sat down, wrapping his arms around his legs. \"Jefferson is our newest edition.\" Marigold said. \"We found him two rooms ago, crumpled in a passageway. In the room it lead to-well we didn't look of course, but we saw blood on the wall.\" The woman looked to Worth for him to speak for his tattered group. He thought this was all pointless and that they had more important things to do, but kept his thoughts to himself. Instead he announced: \"I'm David Worth. My friend here is Leaven…\" By the look on their faces they expected him to continue, \"Uhh…in our group only a few of us actually got around to getting on a first name basis. Well…only Helen and myself really.\" \"There were more of you?\" Jodie spoke again, \"How big was your group?\" \"Well; there was Leaven, the Wren, Holloway, Kazan, myself, and Quentin.\" He spat out the last word with such hate and malice that the brunette woman backed away a bit. \"I…take it you don't like this 'Quentin'?\" \"Hah!\" David answered in a bitter tone \"Why of course I like that murderous perverted beast! It pained me ever so much to kill him!\" He was edging towards hysteria, and he saw that in their worried eyes. The bloody man closed his eyes and breathed slowly. \"Sorry.\" He finally spoke after a long silence. \"I…\" He sighed. \"I didn't mean to blow up like that. Quentin…he did a lot of horrible things.\" \"Y-you\" The squeaky voice caused him to open his eyes in confusion. Then he realized the green-eyed boy had talked for the first time. \"You…you k-killed someone?\" His voice rose an octave then broke as he asked the question, and his legs worked as if trying to push the boy further away through the wall. \"Heh. Look, you would've done it too kid. I was just trying to protect Kazan.\" The boy whimpered quietly. Suddenly his eyes clenched shut and he shoved his head into his legs, the thought of death bringing back images he didn't want to see again. He began quietly crying. \"So…\" Jodie said, drawing the eyes back to her. \"This Quentin was attacking Kazan?\" \"Yeaaaaah.\" David's answer was broken off into an involuntary yawn. \"Oh my, you must be tired. Heck, we're all tired. Lets take a break and rest.\" She said before laying down, her example followed by Smith. The big one walked over to Worth. He looked up to see him holding his jacket to him. \"Thanks…Royce was it?\" The man nodded as the shirt was exchanged, then held out his hand. \"Nice to meet you, David.\" He spoke in a deep voice matching his appearance. Worth took his hand and they exchanged a hardy handshake. He slipped on the shirt and buttoned it up, then went to sleep with the rest of him. His last thought was of how he noticed how much he had changed since being taken here.[Chapter 4] Author's Note: Oh darn it I forgot to name my characters after prisons. It completely slipped my mind. Darn it. Anyway, please review. Really, do. Feel free to insult me if you wish, anything will do. A quiet whimpering dragged Leaven out of sleep. Her eyes blinked open and stared at the white ceiling. White? She thought, but the room is r…oh yeah, we left the bridge. Her memory returned to her as she continued to stare up at the ceiling. Another whimper reminded her of what had woken her. She sat up, managing to not cause any movement or strain on her torso, and looked around. Beside her lay Worth, fast asleep. He wore an oversized jacket now, it said 'Royce'. Also in the room were two tall men, one muscle bound, and a woman. Finally her eyes rested on the source of the noise, a boy. Her eyes widened. They'd lock a kid in here? Her anger flared up, quickening her breathe. She focused on slowing it before her chest could erupt. Slowly, very slowly, she inched her way across the room. She stopped about a foot away from the boy, and leaned back against the wall, letting out a silent sigh of relief out through her teeth that she made it okay and that she didn't have to hold herself up anymore. The blue-eyed girl looked to the boy. He still hadn't moved from the position she'd first seen him in. If he had longer hair, he'd be the replica of her when she realized she'd eaten- her thought broke off and she shuddered. \"Hey there.\" She said quietly, putting on her best smile. Unfortunately it wasn't a good one, more of a sympathetic look than a friendly look. Jefferson finally moved, peeking out from his fortress to see who spoke, which he only did because he didn't recognize the voice. When he saw it was the girl who had come with the scary man, he lifted his head to get a good look at her. \"H-hi.\" He choked out, his voice hoarse from the crying bout. His eyes were red and tears still streamed down his face. \"This place is pretty scary, huh?\" \"Y-yeah.\" \"You're pretty brave, coming all this way.\" \"No I'm not.\" The boy argued \"Hey, you did better than me. All I did when I woke up was scream for help.\" She gave another attempt at a smile, succeeding this time. \"B-b-but I co-couldn't help Rai-\" his voice cut off as a new wave of tears came. She put her arm over his shoulders and he suddenly grabbed her in a tight hug, crying into her shoulder. \"Hey now, its not your fault. No once could've done anything for your friend.\" She choked out. He noticed her voice sounded weird and turned his head to look up at her. He was surprised to see she had was grimacing in pain. He quickly pulled back. \"Ahh, I-I'm sorry! I k-keep hurting people.\" His shoulders sagged and he looked at her through tear-blurred vision. \"Its not your fault.\" She assured him, trying to make her voice sound normal. Once she was sure she wouldn't accidentally scream when she tried to talk, Leaven began again as she stuck out her hand. \"I'm Joan.\" \"W-William.\" He replied, placing a shaky hand forward. She shook it. \"Nice to meet you, Will.\" He crawled beside her, Leaven put her arm around him and pulled her to him and he laid his head on her shoulder. Time passed and he slowly calmed down, the tears finally stopped coming. He moved away to sit across from her and rubbed his eyes to clear them. Will looked at her chest, wondering why the remains of Jodie's jacket were tied to her. Then he noticed the entire front of her shirt was covered in dried blood. \"W-what happened?\" He gasped, \"So much blood…\" \"Huh? Oh, my shirt?\" She looked down at it, holding out the bottom with her hands to look at it for the first time. He nodded. \"Well, a handle through the chest will do that to you.\" The girl stated simply. \"A-a what!?\" She pointed loosely to the nearest door. \"Oh wow. A-are you okay? I mean…\" \"I'm fine, you should worry about yourself. Speaking of which, you look like you could use a good night's rest.\" -- Worth came back to reality from a dream he'd never admit to having and sat up groggily. Near him Jodie lay sprawled out, snoring loudly. Royce was sitting up against a wall, sleeping with his arms crossed. Mason was the farthest from the group, sleeping curled up in the corner. Across from him Leaven sat against the wall, she was awake but her eyes were unfocused, she was probably daydreaming. The boy was sleeping, using her lap as a pillow. He moved over to them and sat beside her. \"Leaven? Hey, Leaven. Leaven! LEAVEN!\" \"Wha-huh?\" She shook her head then looked to him. \"Oh, Worth.\" \"Did you know that you're deaf?\" \"What d'you want Worth?\" \"Un, what's all the ruckus?\" A groggy voice called. They watched as Jodie picked herself up off the floor and joined them. \"Why are you shouting?\" \"Oh nothing, just trying to bring her back to Earth.\" Worth explained, pointing his thumb at the black haired girl. Jodie smiled at her. \"I don't think we've been officially introduced. I'm Jodie Marigold. I apologize for hitting your friend here on the head.\" Leaven laughed. \"Joan Leaven. And no need. According to Helen she got thrown across the room when she met Quentin and Worth.\" \"My, my! Your group has so much drama in it!\" \"Our old group.\" Worth corrected her. \"You're our group now.\" Leaven clarified. \"I suppose your right about that.\" Jodie mused, \"Welcome aboard, then!\" \"Aah!\" The younger woman suddenly shouted. \"What is it?\" Jodie asked, worried the girl had hurt herself. \"Worth, how much time has passed since we left the bridge?\" She asked, ignoring the woman's question. The man's eyes widened. \"How much time do we have?\" He asked, instinctively grabbing her shoulders. \"I-I don't know!\" She answered in a shameful voice. \"What's going on?\" Jodie asked, wide-eyed. \"Time for what?\" The low voice of Mason, who had appeared out of nowhere, spoke, making Leaven and Jodie jump. \"To get the hell out of here.\" Worth answered. \"Uuuuuuhn…\" A low moan escaped Jefferson's lips, who was woken up by Leaven's sudden movement. \"Oh, sorry Will.\" Leaven apologized as the boy's eyes fluttered open. He sat up and looked around at the people in the circle dazedly. \"I didn't mean to wake you.\" \"What're you, his mother?\" Smith sneered. Leaven made a face at him as Worth stood. He nudged Royce with his foot and the blonde's eyes shot open. \"We moving again?\" He muttered, standing and dusting off his pants. Will, Jodie, and Mason stood, joining Randy in the center of the room. Worth motioned for Leaven to climb onto his back. She shook her head. \"I don't want to get you all bloody again, I'm getting better at moving anyway. I'll walk.\" David sighed, but before he could scold her a jacket was shoved in her face. \"Here…you can wear this.\" Smith Mason cooed, flashing her a toothy grin. \"Uhh…thanks.\" The girl put it on and buttoned it. After mounting her steed, he asked her where they needed to go. She said west. \"Don't you need to do the math?\" \"I already know all the positions of the bridge. If we head west fast enough, we should run into it on the edge.\" \"Exactly how fast is fast enough?\" \"We should be leaving now.\"[Chapter 5] Author's Note: Nothing much has happened, sorry about that. I'll try and add some action soon. Either this chapter or the next. As always: Please review! Pretty pwease with sugar on top? Seriously though, please do. I want to know what you think! Oh also: Is Leaven's first name Joan? I think I read that somewhere but now I don't remember… Also also, sorry if I'm rambling on with this, I didn't really have any plot in mind, I'm just kind of writing . \"Ow!\" Worth cringed as something slammed into his shoulder. \"Oh, sorry.\" Leaven replied in a dazed voice. \"What was that?\" \"My head.\" \"Did you pass out?\" He hadn't expected that to be the answer, but her lack of response made it apparent it was. \"Did you sleep at all during our break?\" \"I move around in my sleep, I didn't want to wake Will up.\" \"Who? Oh, the boy.\" \"Will you stop calling him 'the boy'?\" \"Ow!\" \"Sorry.\" \"Just go to sleep already.\" He felt her lay her head down on his shoulder and felt her breathing slow. \"AAH!\" Worth heard a scream and felt Leaven's weight disappear. He flipped around to see Leaven half in the room and half outside the room and in the edge. David ran over and pulled her in, and with her came Will. She went limp in his arms and the black haired boy fell to the floor. \"Th-th-th-the- I-it w-wasn't- n-n-nothing!\" \"You didn't even look before you climbed through?\" Worth asked, shocked despite himself. \"N-n-no, I was thinking-g.\" William muttered, trying to blink back tears. \"Oh my goodness! Are you alright?\" Jodie fell to her knees beside the boy, patting his back. Meanwhile Worth was gently setting Leaven down in a corner. Jefferson immediately crawled over to her, and the architect was surprised to see Marigold shoot Leaven a glare. \"So…\" The brunette began, \"where's this 'bridge'? Or were you wrong all along?\" The woman directed the last question at Leaven. \"The bridge exists.\" Worth answered solidly, \"We just came from it to rescue you.\" Jodie snorted. \"Rescue? Which group here is covered in wounds?\" \"Joan only has one.\" Will muttered. \"Oh, you don't want us around?\" Worth retorted, the two arguing ignoring the boy. \"I didn't say that, its just…you haven't exactly helped us.\" \"Haven't- do you know how to check for motion traps? Do you know how to stay hydrated? How to know if a room is safe, or where they are? I didn't think so. C'mon Leaven, lets get back to the bridge.\" \"Wait.\" Marigold lifted a hand to stop him. \"I-I'm sorry…I'm just a little high strung, what with all this.\" She raised her arms then let them fall to her sides. \"Alright, lets everybody calm down. We need to look for practical solutions.\" Randy said with authority. \"Are you a cop?\" Leaven questioned. \"No. Why?\" \"No reason.\" \"We're all goanna die in here.\" Jefferson whimpered quietly. \"No we're not.\" Joan replied, \"We'll be fine. I know for a fact there's an exit, I've seen it, so has Worth. We just need to do the math.\" She sighed. \"Where's a retarded genius when you need one?\" \"A…what? Retarded genius? That's a weird combination.\" Jodie commented. \"Most of our group was. The pessimistic hero, the retarded genius, the killer cop.\" \"Who's the pessimistic hero?\" Worth asked. \"You.\" She stated as if it were obvious. He laughed. \"Me? A hero?\" He mused. \"Yes! You saved me at least twice, and Kazan, too.\" \"Well then, what are you?\" The brunette woman interrupted. \"I don't know…what am I, Worth?\" \"The idiotic math whiz. Speaking of math, don't you need to find out where we need to go?\" Time passed in silence, the only sounds being made were of Leaven's button. \"That's…three right?\" A manly voice asked. \"Four, actually…huh.?\" Leaven looked up from her work to see Royce. \"Oh your right, I see. Ha-ha, sometimes I get the X axis and Y axis mixed up when I rush.\" \"You understand this? Huh, I kind of took you for…umm…\" \"A muscle-bound idiot?\" \"Heh, yeah.\" He smiled at her. \"Yeah I get that a lot. Hey, why don't you take a break? Go on, I'll take care of it.\" The suggestion was more of an order, for as he said that he pulled the button out of her hand and bent over her work. The blue eyed girl scooted off into a corner and leaned her head back, closing her eyes. \"Joan?\" William asked. \"Hmm?\" She offered without moving. \"Why'd the Quentin guy attack you and Worth?\" She opened her eyes and looked at him. \"I don't know…he thought Worth was a double crosser or spy or something…and maybe I was a double crosser too because I sided with him? Well, he was insane, he probably didn't have a reason.\" \"Now is that any way to talk about your leader?\" An all-too-familiar voice cooed from above them. Leaven looked up to see Quentin standing, his missing leg replaced by a bulky metal one. Behind him were the dead bodies of Royce, Marigold, and Mason. \"B-but, your-your dead!\" \"Now what made you think that?\" \"Your leg was ripped off…you would've died of blood loss!\" \"Not if the workers of the cube gave you medical attention and replaced your leg with an artificial one so you could finish off the backstabbers.\" He lifted his fist, which was wrapped around a knife. \"Bye bye, kiddy.\" He swung it down at Jefferson. \"No!\" Leaven jumped over the boy, closing her eyes and waiting for death. Instead she smacked into the floor. She opened her eyes to see Worth staring at her. \"…what?\" \"What d'you mean 'what'? You just shouted 'No!' out of no where and fell over. I should be the one asking what.\" \"Sorry…oh! Royce, did you fi- …where're the others?\" The girl just noticed they were the only two in the room. \"I…don't know. I fell asleep and when I woke up they were gone.\" \"…was my dream not a dream?\" \"Huh? What dream?\" \"Oh, I had a dream where Quentin came back with a robotic leg and killed Jodie, Royce, and Mason.\" \"Last time I checked Quentin was dead.\" \"How do you know?\" \"This is ridicules Leaven, we both-\" \"How?\" \"I heard him scream as he fell.\" \"Those could've been screams of pain.\" \"Just trust me, okay?\" The girl began to reply, but a blood curdling scream interrupted them.[Chapter 6] Author'snNote: Once again- Review! Also, sorry for the big gap of time betweennthis chapter and the last one, my life is demanding. And on top ofnthat this chapter is pretty short. Ah, I'm a terrible writer.nGomen, gomen. Llanea:nThanks for the reviews! I would gladly accept you as my beta reader,nbut I still don't know how to use the system . Angela doesnsound good, *smacks self* I never thought of just picking a name fornher. \"Thatnwas Jodie!\" Leaven gasped as the scream echoed a few times beforenfading away. \"Finally!\"nWorth exclaimed. \"Worth!\" \"Kidding,nkidding.\" He assured as he scooped her up and they set off in thendirection of the scream, blocking the joking punch from the youngerngirl. \"Wait.\"nLeaven suddenly spoke in a worried tone. \"What?\" \"Wenhaven't been in this room before.\" \"Wellnwe don't have Kazan, we'll just have to chance it.\" Worthndecided and started going through. Leaven ripped a button off hernjacket and threw it in the room, moments later rotating bladesnshattered it. Worth gaped at the remains as they clinked to thenfloor. \"Stillnwant to chance it?\" The girl asked with a grin. After a shortndetour, they were on there way again. In only a few minutes of travelnthey ran into the group. Will was in the corner of the room, curlednup in a ball and sobbing. Mason was sitting against a wall with anbored expression on his face. And Jodie was standing, staringnwide-eyed at nothing. \"What happened? Where's Royce?\" Masonnjerked his thumb at the door near him. \"Rightnin there. Well most of him, some of him splattered in the tunnel.nCare to join him?\" He said in an uninterested voice. Worth setnLeaven down as Jodie blinked back into reality. \"Hencared so much about his numbers that he didn't think to…\" Shenmuttered. \"Whyndidn't you boot it?\" Worth asked. \"B-boot..?nWhat are you talking about? Oh David!\" She threw herself into hisnarms and continued, \"I'm so sorry we left you.\" Worth startedntalking with her about survival techniques, after pushing her off,nsuch as smelling the air, booting rooms, and button sucking.nMeanwhile Leaven crawled over to Will and hugged the crying boy tonher, quietly telling him words of comfort while he cried. Eventuallynhe fell asleep and she moved away so she wouldn't wake him. \"Hey.\"nShe jumped at the voice, the girl hadn't noticed Mason come upnbeside her. \"H-hi.\"nThe blacked haired student replied. \"What'renyou doing?\" \"Uhh…nothing.\" \"Whynnot?\" \"Therenisn't much to do.\" \"Thatnmeans there's something.\" He said, flashing her a toothy grin. \"Whatnwas Royce's conclusion?\" He didn't say anything. \"Hisnconclusion? What'd he come too when he finished the math? …Arenyou goanna answer me? Hello?\" \"Hey!\"nWorth suddenly called from across the room. \"She asked you anquestion.\" \"Whynyes, she did didn't she?\" \"Arenyou going to answer her?\" \"Hmm.nI think not.\" \"Why?\"nWorth demanded through gritted teeth. \"Indon't want too.\" \"Look,nshe has her whole life ahead of her, but only if she gets out of thencube. And so does everyone else. I don't know or care if you wantnto live or not, but you could at least help out the ones who do.\" \"Fine,nfine…oh darn, I can't remember now.\" The two men continuednfighting as Leaven began etching numbers into the metal. \"Guys…Guys!nGUYS!\" They all finally looked at her. \"We have to move now! Thenbridge is almost to its starting position!\" \"Wherento?\" Worth asked as he headed for her to pick her up. \"Westnthree, then up one, and then straight north.\" David nodded as hisnarms wrapped around her, but after lifting her only an inch he fellnbackwards. \"Worth!\" The girl saw blood droplets forming on hisnjacket. \"Your wound opened again.\" \"I'mnfine.\" He assured, reaching for her. \"No.\"nLeaven commanded in a child-like manor. \"I'mnnot just goanna leave you here.\" \"Youncan't carry me in that condition.\" \"Sonhow did you expect to go? Fly?\" \"Hey,nno worries.\" Mason interrupted. \"I'll carry her.\" \"W-what1?\"nSmith ignored Worth's outbursts and scooped Leaven up into hisnarms. \"Youncould ask first you know.\" Leaven hissed. \"Nownis that any way to speak to your savior?\" The man asked with raisedneyebrows and mock sadness in his eyes. \"Younare not my savior. If anyone is my savior-\" she pointed to Worth \"-itnwould be him.\" \"Well,nmy dear, you pick em' poorly. That over there is damagednmerchandise. \"That'snfine, we're a matching set.\" \"Andnwhat do you intend to do if you break free?\" She stopped pushingnagainst him, which she had been doing since he grabbed her, butnstayed tense. \"Off we go!\" The man said cheerily, and the groupnof four started off. They walked in silence. Three of them werenthinking violent thoughts, and the remaining was wondering why Roycenhad fallen for the trap. Maybenthere's more to the system then I thought. Leavennthought nervously. She tried to recall the last time she had lookednat her and his work, and went through many possibilities andncombinations in her head, completely zoning out. The silent travelingncontinued, until finally the one at the head of the line, one DavidnWorth, broke the silence. \"Sonnorth from here, right Leaven?\" After a few seconds of silence henspun around, flustering the woman who had been behind him. \"W-whatnis it?\" Jodie asked in a bewildered voice. Worth ignored her andnscanned the room, then opened the door they had just come through andnpoked his head through, all to see nothing. He quickly climbed intonthe room and spun around, as if she would suddenly appear. Jodienentered the room behind him. \"David! What's the matter already?\"nThe man walked up to Jodie and looked her in the eyes, accusingly. \"Wherenis Leaven?\"[Chapter 7] Author's Note: Without further ado here is chapter seven! I'm not going to try and throw out excuses as to the massive gap, as there really is no reason it would've taken this long. But the important thing is its here, regardless of when, hopefully. Thank you to lucy2350 and Ambie-Ambiguity for your comments, I doubt without them (and Llanea's) I would have continued with this. Also, Ambie-Ambiguity, if you read this, did you change your name from Decapitated-Animal-Cracker? Also a big thanks to llanea for agreeing to beta reading for me, its much appreciated, and helpful ^.^ But enough of that, your here for the story, not my ramblings. Leaven's brow furrowed as she crunched numbers in her head. She almost had it, she knew it. There was one crucial error in Randy's work, and it was right in front of her. All she had to do was- \"Huh?\" Leaven blinked. She realized she'd been transferred from Mason's arms to sitting on the floor and leaning against the wall. The girl looked up to see Smith towering over her, a strange glint in his eyes. Her blue eyes looked around the green room they were in. \"Where're the others?\" She asked. Mason chuckled. \"Ditched em'! Its kind of sad, your precious hero didn't even notice.\" Smith answered, flashing his toothy grin down at her. \"Why?\" Leaven wondered aloud, mostly in shock and slightly in annoyance. Didn't he realize they didn't have much time to reach the bridge? \"Do you realize how long its been?\" Mason asked her. Leaven thought it strange for him to ask that, shouldn't she be the one to do so? But looking up at him again she realized he was talking about something completely different. The man had just finished pulling off his shirt, tossing it loosely across the room. He grinned and began to reach for her. Joan froze, what was she supposed to do? She couldn't run or fight him off like this. Suddenly a scream of rage filled the room and something flew through the air. Jefferson landed on Smith's back, gripping the front of his head and yanking it. Smith stumbled backwards, then cussed and reached behind him. The tall man stumbled around the room as William screamed and fought with him. Smith smiled as his hands finally gripped onto the boy's jacket. With a mighty heave he sent the boy over his head. \"Will!\" Leaven shouted out in concern as his body slammed into the wall. Jefferson limply fell to the floor as the victor turned to his prize. He began walking across the room towards her. \"Now then-\" He began, but just then something fell out of the opened door on the ceiling. Mason was dragged to the floor along with it. \"You fucking bastard!\" Worth shouted as he got above the other man and thrust a fist into his face. He started a second punch, but Smith caught his fist. The two began tumbling around the floor, each struggling to be on top. Jodie watched on from the opening in the ceiling, her pointless shouting making her state of panic obvious. Suddenly Mason grabbed the chest of David fs jacket, stood, and pushed the man into the wall all in one foul swoop. Here the fight became rather one sided, the gangly man throwing punch after punch into Worth fs face and chest. It was about this time the crawling Leaven finally reached her destination. \"Worth!\" She called out. This brought the dazed man back into focus, and seeing past Mason he quickly knew what he was supposed to do. He commanded his arms to lift, which they did, reluctantly, and shoved forward with all his might. His palms collided with the mason fs chest, and he stumbled backwards, finally falling through the hole in the center of the floor. Joan looked through the doorway to see Smith still on the floor below, a tiny pool of blood forming around the top of his head. Will sat up, dazed and confused, to see Worth sliding down the wall, battered and bloody, and Leaven lying on the floor, pulling the door there shut. Suddenly he jerked forward as everything came back to him. He jumped up, looking in every direction, then relaxed. He walked over to Leaven and helped her the rest of the way to the wall. gAre you okay? h He asked, his face worry stricken. \"Mm, yeah, I fm fine.\" She assured, struggling to keep her voice on a level tone. She pointed across the room, and he obediently looked in the direction, seeing Mason fs discarded shirt. Before he could ask, she spoke again. \"Could you rip that into strips and take it to Worth?\" Without skipping a beat the dark haired boy nodded and quickly flipped around to face the shirt, his feet noticeably taking him a few more than intended steps to the left. \"Will? You okay?\" Leaven asked tentatively, frowning at herself for having forgotten he was still a child, despite the situation he was in. The boy muttered something unintelligible, a slight blush glowing on his cheeks, before walking to the abandoned garment. He picked up the shirt and started walking to Worth, tearing it as he walked. Or, trying to anyway. \"Here, let me see it.\" Worth commanded putting his hand forward. William set it in his hand, and David set to work tearing it. When he was finished he applied a few strips to himself, meaning to use the rest to replace Leaven fs current ones. \"Worth!\" Leaven shouted out for the second time. \"What?\" The man responded. \"We fve got to move. Now! The bridge is about ready to make its last rotation.\" Leaven informed urgently. Worth wasted no time, jumping up and scooping the second youngest of them into his arms. After getting the directions from Leaven, he started for the door to his left. \"Wait.\" \"What?\" He asked again, now a bit exasperated. \"Where's Jodie?\" Leaven said, simultaneously asking and answering. \"Marigold? Isn ft she-ah where fd she go?\" Worth looked around, expecting to see her face in a doorway. \"Jodie!\" He shouted, trying to get her to appear. David sighed. \"Oh well, we fll have to go on without her.\" \"We can't just leave her!\" Leaven and Jefferson said, almost in unison. \"We have to, or we'll all die.\" Worth informed simply, already moving. They worked their way through rooms at Leaven's direction, making good time considering over half their party was wounded. \"Which way?\" Worth asked again for the umpteenth time. \"Left.\" Was the answer. William walked over and opened the door, then screamed and stumbled backwards, tripping on the door on the floor and falling. They had found Jodie. They moved on, managing to not waste to much time calming him down. And finally, there it was, Worth couldn ft believe his eyes, the bridge. The young boy knew this room was it, it had to be, there were only two doors. They clambered into the red chamber; Worth setting down Leaven then taking a seat himself. Jefferson silently sat down beside the girl of the group, and they waited. Soon the room was shaking, and they were off. When the quakes stopped, a wide-eyed William stood and walked across the room. He gripped the handle and spun it, and the door came down on its tracks to reveal a blinding white light. \"Kind of anti-climactic once you fve already seen it.\" Worth noted aloud. The dark haired child turned to them, and Leaven nodded, motioning for him to go through. Hesitantly, he crawled through the opening and into the light. He hovered on the other side, his anxious face a constant image along with the white. \"Go.\" Leaven ordered, looking at David in an accusing way. The man stood and moved to pick her up, but she shook her head. \"You first.\" He sighed. \"I'm not goanna stay, Leaven.\" Worth assured. It was about this time Leaven fs hair was firmly gripped at the scalp, and her head thrown into a wall. She fell to the ground, motionless. David shouted as he lunged at Mason, throwing a fist. William scrambled back into the room and dashed for the two brawlers, but was quickly thrown away by Smith fs sweeping arm. Now Leaven was lifting herself up a few inches, her eyes dazed and blood running down her face, forming a small puddle beneath her as it dripped off her chin. Jefferson grabbed her and helped her across the room, then through the opening. Mason bellowed in rage, which brought the girl back to her senses, some of them anyway. Leaven turned to the opening and saw this: Smith Mason not far away, reaching out as if to grab her through the air. Worth latched onto him from behind, his mouth acting as if it were screaming the word 'go'. A blurred vision of the room beginning to lower. A very blurred image of the floor rapidly approaching her. Black. Edit: Well, that was odd. Had some malfunctions in the uploading. \"Hey.\" would appear as gHey h. and I can't would appear as I can ft. And 'go' as ego f. Strange, ne? No more using Notepad for me.[Chapter 8] Author's Note: And another chapter is born! Well, it was born two weeks ago. I sent it to Llanea but got no reply, so I guess she changed her email, so this hasn't been beta-read. And wow, I almost put readed. Anyway, as always, this is terribly terribly far apart from the others, and as always, sorry about that. But on another note, this chapter is a lot less actiony(if you would call he previous ones actiony) and has a lot of pointless little details. I'm kind of worried about this, but with no one to get advice from I decided to just leave it in. A dull beeping slowly penetrated Leaven's levels of sub consciousness, gradually growing to an obnoxious annoyance that finally brought her groggily back to reality. Her eyes fluttered half open and she stared blankly at white. The beeping ensued, and she threw her arm mechanically to the left. Her hand hit the button to silence the siren as it had known how to for so many years. Now her gears slowly began turning again, and her eyes opened fully. She sat up with a jerk, wide eyed. Her next move was to clutch her chest, which stung with pain. She ignored it and looked around the room. The walls were a stark white, and there was only one door in this room, a dark red mahogany number on the opposite side of the room. The left wall was lined end-to-end with modern metal and glass bookshelves, each filled with volumes of books both thick and thin. On the other side was a matching modern desk, atop which sat a computer and various accessories. Pulled up to the desk was a black computer chair. Also on the wall was a more comfortable looking black arm chair, accompanied by a lamp. Her thought process was still not fully awake, and she slowly registered these facts: Worth wasn't here. She knew this room. Will wasn't here. She'd known it for a long time. Her chest hurt. It was her room. Smith wasn't here. She was in her home. After these thoughts her brain finally awoke, and she realized she was out of the cube, returned to her house as if it were some average morning. She reached to the metal and glass bed stand, and found her glasses to be where they always had. She slipped them on, and saw they were perfect. Well, not perfect, but free of any blood or smudges, and the lenses were intact. She looked down at herself, and saw she was in her silken off-white pajamas. Everything was in order. If it weren't for the pain in her chest, she might believe it had all been one heck of a dream. But that was just it, her chest hurt. As in, it didn't feel like it was being ripped apart by some blinding force. How long ago had she passed out? She gingerly felt her head, and found a small bump on the left side of her head, which was slightly tender. With the knowledge time had passed the sense of urgency in her drained away, and she slowly got out from under her off-white sheets and the thick quilt wrapped around her waist, her feet finding the cold wooden floor. After the initial shock, she felt around for her off-white slippers and slipped her feet into them. Now she stood, and the needles in her chest protested the action, commanding her to fall to the ground in pain. She didn't listen, and instead thought in a melancholic way that her chest was much better now. She still didn't plan on doing any marathon's though. Her feet carried her across the floor, and she stiffly opened the door. Upon seeing the familiar hallway she relaxed, not really sure what she was expecting in the first place. She shuffled across the mantel and looked around, assuring herself she was indeed in her home sweet home. To her left was a long white wall with two doors, the master and guest bedroom. Across from her at the end of the wooden-floored hallway was a fourth door, the upstairs bedroom. The final side of the hallway was home to an elegant black metal railing. Directly to her right was a modern metal staircase that would take her to the first floor. The whole thing was gently lit by the morning light pouring in from the high windows all the way to her right, a wall which also held the front door. A very familiar scene, this was definitely her house. She shut her door and walked down the hallway, passing the first door and stopping at the second. Here she tensed up again, and after a nervous pause turned the knob and let the door swing open. A scene of a darker room, dimly lit by some light filtering through below the end of the curtains and the light coming from the doorway. Leaven's eyes slowly rose up her silhouette cast across the floor to the foot of the bed before finally landing on their target. Two motionless bodies lay, mostly devoured by blankets. Their faces were unidentifiable, murky shadows in the insufficient light. Then one body turned onto its side, a feminine sigh escaping its lips. Leaven gave a sigh of her own, the air she'd been holding in her lungs going free. That sigh told her the two things she wanted to know: Those were indeed her parents, and, they were alive and well. She took a look at their bed stand, seeing the time was seven-oh-three a.m. Her father would be waking up in twenty-seven minutes, leaving the house at precisely seven-fifty-seven a.m. to make the forty-two-and-a-half minute commute to work. Then would waste the day away until twelve-oh-two p.m. when he would go on lunch break, returning at twelve-forty-three to continue his day until seven-thirty-six p.m. Here he would return home at eight-thirteen p.m., and retire to his office on the first floor and work into the late hours of the night, leaving only to get a snack. Her mother would stay in bed until ten. After getting up she would begin her ritual morning cleaning, a pretty thorough cleaning of every room in the house. She would then make herself a light lunch, probably involving a salad and something steamed. Afterwards she would continue planning her next event, depending on how much time had passed that would either be her Sunday book club or that party she was having. Afterwards she would go out into town for shopping and talking to her prissy book club friends. Upon returning home she would start dinner, then relax for a half-hour or so with a book. Then she would finish dinner and serve the meal of two (Mr. Leaven didn't eat with the family), which will undoubtedly be some elegant five-star restaurant meal she read about in one of her magazines. Joan wished she would just cook spaghetti once in a while. After dinner her evening cleaning would commence, starting with the dishes. This being the 'real' cleaning, she would make every room spotless, not that it had time to get dirty in the first place. After some more reading she would retire to the bedroom, where she would fall asleep alone, to be joined by her husband some hours later. Leaven closed the door and headed downstairs. The stairwell emptied her into the entrance hall, dark-carpeted room with two bare doorways and one wooden door which held the bathroom, placed under the stairs. One doorway would head into the living room, featuring more modern furniture and a matching carpet. From there was were glass sliding doors that empty into the backyard, a maze of hedge work, elegant yard furniture, stone walkways, and garden. There was also a dark wooden door, a forbidden door that led to her father's office. The office was relatively small, walled in on all sides with bookcases, and in the center his massive desk and computer. There was a door in the office that also emptied into the bathroom. The final exit from the living room was another empty doorway that lead to the dining room, also adorned in the royal blue carpeting. Here was yet another empty doorway, leading into the kitchen. In the kitchen was a stairwell to the basement, hidden behind a wall and a door. And one final empty doorway, which is one and the same with the last doorway of the entry hall. The dark haired girl took to the kitchen, though not for food. She walked up to the calendar, laden with events her mother was hosting or going to, and checked the date. It was a Thursday, and by her memory her little adventure began two weeks ago. This relieved her in some ways and worried her in others. Her primary thought was that this was proof. People don't just sleep for two weeks. Following close behind was a worry, a worry for Will and Worth which had always been at the back of her mind but was now in full bloom with the confirmation of the Cube's existence. Then of course there was the matter of her friends and family. She was almost swept with relief at the simple thought of 'its finally over'. But it was quickly taken away, because she knew it wasn't. A short-term plan was made. She headed upstairs and readied for school, dressing and grabbing her things. Then she returned downstairs and headed out the front door. She got in her compact white car and pulled the key out of her backpack. She would go to college like any other day, act normal and follow the rules of society. And after, well, that was another story. Another Author's Note: I'm pretty sure I didn't put in any feeling of relief, or anything about finally seeing sunlight or the outdoors. I apologize for that, bad writing on my part. I don't want to add any in though, because I want to post this as soon as possible. Not like I have a mass of awaiting fans or I'm on a deadline, but I still do. Also if Llanea, Amburger, or Lucy read this chapter; I apologize again for the massive overdue-ness of this. And also I thank you for getting this far. ","Summary":" Author's Note: Hi, thanks for reading-well that should be at the end shouldn't it? Anyway, this is "},{"Movie":"Cube","Title":"The Cube","Author":"Cube Fangirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3913696","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Vorwortrn/ Einleitung Erstmalrnnochmals: Danke, das ihr in meiner Geschichte mitspielt. Teilweisernwerdet ihr euer Schicksal selbst in die Hand nehmen. [hab die Fanfic in einem Forum geschrieben Nun werdernich euch verraten, was es mit den ganzen auf sich hat. Kein weißrnwer DIE sind, aber es gibt sie. Menschen verschwinden spurlos, ohnerndas man jemals wieder etwas von ihnen gesehen hat. Keiner weißrnauch wo diese Anlage steht, die wenigen die es eventuell überlebtrnhaben, können sich an nichts mehr erinnern, oder vielleichtrndoch? Jetzt hatrnes wieder acht Leute erwischt... Da ebenrnMartina und Mara die Liste wissen wer überlebt und wer nicht,rnhab ich die Beiden, als Mitarbeiter von DIE eingebaut. DiernNummern die neben eueren Namen stehen, sind die Koordinaten wo ihrrneuch gerade befindet. Von nun an gibt es kein Entkommen mehr. Nunrnverrate ich euch den Film, vielleicht kennt ihr ihn ja. Die Filmseriernist eine Trilogie und heißt: Cube Cube 2 –rnHypercube Cube Zero Wobei CubernZero vor Cube spielt. Meine Geschichte spielt zu der Zeit von CubernZero. In diesen Teil erfährt man nämlich ein bisschen wasrnvon den Leuten die dahinter stecken. 1. Evelyn [48E M0 S6 2. Franziska [48E M0 S6 3. Sabinern [350 X8 Z4 4. Madelinern[350 X8 Z4 5. Alina [V2 Y0rn342 6. Judith [V2 Y0rn342 7. Andrea[R8rnCC2 AJ 8. Jenny[R8rnCC2 AJ NPCs[erfundene Chars von mir ;) 9.rnMartin [48E M0 S6 10.rnKevin [350 X8 Z4 11.rnTom [V2 Y0 342 12.rn James [R8 CC2 AJ[Chapter 2] Kapiteln0 – Vorgeschichte EinenComputerstimme zerriss die Stille. Der Raum wirkte ziemlich dreckig,nund heruntergekommen, zwei Frauen saßen an Computerterminals. „Systemnwird auf Ausgangsposition zurückgefahren\" „Dasnwäre erledigt, in wenigen Minuten ist wieder alles sauber\"nMara legte ein paar Datenpadds auf die Seite. „Angeblichnstellen DIE das Koordinatensystem neu ein, wir werden sicher dienneuen Daten bald bekommen\" „DasnAlte war auch schon zu einfach, viel zu viele Leute kamen raus.\" Auf demnFlatscreen verfolgten die Beiden die Reinigung, wie es genannt wurde.nAlle 5 Tage wurde das System auf 0 zurückgesetzt, wer es bisndahin nicht rausgeschafft hatte, oder in einer der Fallen gestorbennwar, starb bei der Reinigung. Eine enorme Hitze breitete sich aus undnverschlang alles, was nicht in den CUBE hineingehörte. Die Türennwaren alle komplett geöffnet und die Fallen für den kurzennMoment deaktiviert. „Dasnwar's, mal schauen wie viele für die nächste Runde imnCUBE landen\" „DienChancen, dass irgendwer dann das neue System raus findet, sind sicherngering, aber Wetten können wir ja trotzdem abschließen\" Leisenglitt eine Stahltür auf, ein dunkel gekleideter Mann betrat dennRaum. „Hiernwird nicht gewettet, sondern gearbeitet\" Den letzten Satz von Maranhatte er gehört. „Ja,nSir\" stammelte sie. Mara und Martina wussten es, irgendein falschesnWort oder Geste könnte heißen, dass sie selbst eines Tagesnim Cube aufwachen würden. Der Mannnlegte 12 Padds auf den Tisch. „Unserenneuen Gäste, unter anderem eine alte Bekannte, diesmal will ichnsie nicht entkommen sehen, wir wissen nicht wie viel sie noch weiß,nsollte sie das System wieder so schnell knacken, dann bringt ihr rundnum sie Fallen an, dann hat sie keinen Ausweg mehr. Sie darf aufnkeinen Fall in diesen Cube gelangen: 1A1nAAA A1A\" So schnellnwie der Mann aufgetaucht war, verschwand er wieder. Mara undnMartina musterten die Padds. „Sehrnviele junge Leute hier, wie immer kein Hinweis warum sie hier sind.nDa haben wir ja unser Ausbrechgenie. Sie hatte damals das Systemnwirklich schnell geknackt. Das hättest du sehen sollen Mara\"nwandte sich Martina an ihre jüngere Kollegin, auf jeden Fall istnsie nicht mit dem Mathematikgenie zusammen.\" Auf demnDisplay erschienen jetzt die neuen Zahlen- undnBuchstabenkombinationen und die Hinweise wo sich Fallen befinden. „Das istnschon mal perfekt, von den 6 Räumen sind schon 4-mal mit Fallen,nmal sehen ob sie es diesmal schafft.\" Martinangab den Code 48E M0 S6 in den Computer ein, sofort zoomte dasnProgramm von der Ausbrecherkönigin weg und gab den Blick auf 2njunge Frauen und einen Mann frei. „Dasnsind die ersten 3 die rein kamen, beobachten wir sie mal\" Entspanntnlehnten sich die Beiden im Sessel zurück und beobachteten dasnGeschehen auf den Bildschirm.[Chapter 3] Kapiteln1A CubenNummer : 48E M0 S6 Victims : Evelyn,nFranziska, Martin Ihr ersternBlick viel auf eine seltsame graue Decke mit weißennVerstrebungen drinnen. Franziska rieb sich ihre Augen und setzte sichnlangsam auf. Sie ließ ihren Blick durch den würfelförmigennRaum gleiten. „Wo binnich?\" Franziska sprang auf. Ihr Geschrei weckte die zwei Anderennauf. „Musstndu so schreien...\" Noch hatte Martin die Augen geschlossen, langsamnöffnete er seine Augen, „so besoffen war ich auch noch nie,ndas ich mich irgendwo schlafen gelegt habe\" Er tastete sich dienWand hoch und lehnte sich an. „Wernbist du, und wer ist sie?\", er deutete noch auf die noch schlafendenEvelyn. „Franziska,nwer sie ist weiß ich auch nicht. Was soll das ganze hier sein?\" „Dasnkann ich dir auch nicht sagen. Ich heiße übrigens Martin\" „Ichnwerde mir mal eine dieser Art Türen angucken\" Franziskankletterte die Leiter an ihrer rechten Seite hinauf. „Passnlieber auf\" warnte Martin sie, „habe dabei ein ganz ungutesnGefühl.\" Mit einem leisen zischenden Geräusch glitt dienTür auf. Franziska blickte in einen kurzen Gang und anschließendnwar ein Raum, der genauso aussah, wie der in dem sie waren. „Da istnnoch so ein Raum\" „Kommnrunter\" Kaum stand sie wieder auf dem Boden, glitt die Luke wiedernzu. Etwas verschlafen rappelte sich Evelyn auf. „Kannnmich nicht erinnern, dass ich auf dem Boden eingeschlafen bin\" Überwachungszentrale „Jetztnkann der Spaß beginnen\" Mara lächelte und ließ dennkompletten Sektor auf dem Bildschirm, „schade es befinden sich nurn2 Fallen nebenan\" „WelchenFallentypen, sind da?\" Martina schaute nicht von den Padds auf, sienwollte noch ein bisschen was über die neuen Opfer erfahren. „Momentnich checke die Raumkoordinaten\" Es dauerte nicht lange und Maranhatte es herausgefunden. „EinenFalle mit Säure, könnte sehr übel ausgehen und dannneine mit Speeren...\" „Wartennwir ab, ob sie reintappen\" Martina lächelte etwas, „dienFallen mit den Säuren finde ich immer etwas schlimm\". Obwohlnsie schon lange hier arbeitete, hatte sie sich an das noch nichtngewöhnt. CubenNummer : 48E M0 S6 Victims : Evelyn,nFranziska, Martin „Vonnhier kann man in noch so einen Raum klettern...\" Franziska grübeltenetwas, „schauen wir uns mal die anderen Türen an, wer klettertnzur Decke\" Sie blickte zu der Luke nach oben. „Ich aufnkeinen Fall\" erwiderte Evelyn. „Männernvor, die haben mehr Kraft\" Franziska blickte zu Martin. „Wenn esnsein muss...\" Martin begann hinaufzuklettern. Die Frauenninspizierten die restlichen Luken. „Dansteht ja was\" Franziska entdeckte innerhalb der Luke ein paarnsonderbare Schriftzeichen. „Wasnsteht da?\" wollte Evelyn wissen. „Moment,n262 178 ABD\" grübelnd blieb Franziska in der Luke sitzen. „Echtnsonderbar, da steht auch was\" Martin hatte ihr zugehört undndarauf hin die Luke an der Decke noch genauer inspiziert, „ok, hiernkann ich: 839 438 179 lesen\" Martin kletterte wieder hinab. Überwachungszentrale „Siehneiner an, sie haben die Zahlen gesehen, und können nichts damitnanfangen. Welche Cubes sind um sie herum?\" Mara warf einen kurzennBlick auf das Display: 839 438 179, U8 DDD QB, 262 178 ABD, ZB MBnEFF, 9U V5 ZC, BBB SH 986. Mal schauen wie sie sich entscheiden\"nSie minimierte das Display. CubenNummer : 48E M0 S6 Victims : Evelyn,nFranziska, Martin „Hmmnwohin sollen wir klettern?\" Ratlos blickten sich die drei an.[Chapter 4] Kapiteln1B Überwachungszentrale „Ichnglaube wir schauen mal bei der Ausbrecherkönigin vorbei.\"nMartina tippte: R8nCC2 AJein.nDas System brachte fast Augenblicklich diesen Cube auf dennBildschirm. „Sollennwir mit den Dreien etwas spielen...\" CubenNummer : R8nCC2 AJ Victims : Andrea,nJenny, James Mit etwasnKopfweh wurde eine junge Frau munter, sie rieb sich die Augen undnstand auf. Prüfend ließ sie ihren Blick durch den Raumngleiten, irgendwo hatte sie das schon mal gesehen, es kam ihrnziemlich bekannt vor. Andrea und James wurden munter. „Schlafnich noch oder ist das wahr...\" James schaute sich um, blieb aber innder Ecke sitzen. Er wusste nicht so recht, was er von dem allennhalten sollte. „Du bistnmunter\" erwiderte Jenny. „Was istnda echt los, ich kann mich an nichts erinnern, was ist das ganze da?\"nAndrea blickte sich ratlos um, „was sind das für Türen\"nKaum hatte Andrea es ausgesprochen turnte sie schon zu einer hinaufnund öffnete sie. Neugierig kletterte sie in den Gang, „da istnnoch so ein Raum\" Andrea sprang hinein. „Vorsicht\" wollte Jennynrufen, rasch kletterte sie hinter ihr her, doch die Tür ließnsich nicht öffnen. „Scheiße...\" Überwachungszentrale „Lassennwir mal Andrea verschwinden...\" Martina betätigte ein paarnButtons und der Cube fuhr samt Andrea hinauf. „Alsonwillst du so schnell wie möglich Jenny loswerden\" „Korrekt,nes kann nicht lang dauern und sie fängt mit den Zahlenspielchennan – ich glaube sie haben ihr Unterbewusstsein nicht komplettnlöschen können, sie hat noch zu viele Erinnerungen\" CubenNummer : S0nEEH V2 Victims : Andrea Mit einernenormen Geschwindigkeit raste das Gefängnis mit Andrea hinauf,ner fuhr bei der obersten Ebene nach rechts und senkte sich dann inneinen freien Zwischenraum hinab. „Hilfe\"nAndrea hatte wahnsinnige Angst, als der Cube mit ihr dahinraste, sienklammerte sich an der Leiter fest, „verdammt was soll ich tun\"nSie wusste nicht wo sie gelandet war, die Trennung von ihrennMitgefangenen viel ihr schwer, hier ganz alleine zu sein, ohne zunwissen was sie machen sollte. CubenNummer : R8nCC2 AJ Victims : Jenny, James \"Was istnlos?\" fragte James „Die Türnblockiert, verdammt\" wütend rüttelte sie an der Tür.nEndlich ging sie auf und Jenny blickte in die Dunkelheit. „Wasnsiehst du, ist das Mädel da\" James machte sich Sorgen. „Nein\"nEs mochte zwar wütend klingen, aber es war nicht so gemeint.nGebannt starrte sie hinaus, sie blickte nach unten und nach oben. „6 Lukennsind unter uns, scheiße, das ist viel zu hoch\" „Von wasnredest du?\" James wurde ziemlich neugierig. „Ganzneinfach 6 so Räume wie dieser sind unter uns\" Jenny krabbeltenwieder zurück und setzte sich hin, „warum nur...\" Langsamnkam ihr die Erinnerung zurück. „Wasnmeinst du mit ‚warum nur'\" wiederholte er ihre Worte. „Ichnhabe einen ganz schlimmen Verdacht, ich bin da wo ich nie mehrnhinwollte\" „Was istnda?\" fragte er, „was weißt du...\" „Das istnhier ist ein perfektes Fallensystem, ihm zu entkommen ist nahezununmöglich\" „Wienmeinst du das mit Fallen\" Man sieht ja nichts, er ließ seinennblick durch den Raum schweifen. „Das istnja das Problem an der Sache, man sieht die Fallen nicht, die werdennerst aktiviert, wenn man den Raum betreten hat und die Türennsich geschlossen haben.\" „Wiesonweißt du das?\" James starrte sie an. „Ich warnschon mal hier, und bin raus gekommen, und ich glaube das hat DENENnnicht gepasst\" „Wernsind die und wie hast du es geschafft da raus zu kommen?\" „Dasnweiß ich auch nicht nur ich will ihnen lieber nicht begegnen.nDas Rauskommen war nicht leicht. Wir waren am Anfang 10 Leute, sindnalle gemeinsam in einen Raum aufgewacht. Bis wir das Systemndurchschaut hatten, waren schon sieben tot\" „Wie hatndas System, den funktioniert, könnte es wieder funktionieren?\" „Da weißnich nicht, aber mal schauen\" Jenny grinste, ihr machte es SpaßnRätsel zu lösen, obwohl sie diesen Ort hasste, setzte siensich es in den Kopf wieder zu entkommen, um es DENEN zu zeigen dass,ndas System nicht perfekt war. Jenny kletterte zu einer Luke undnöffnete sie. Rasch inspizierte sie die Wände und den Bodenndes Durchganges. „Ach dernort wo die Hinweise sind, ist gleich geblieben, aber die Hinweisenhaben sich verändert. Hmm da steht U0 XH 132\" „Wasnsoll das sein, das klingt ja nur nach einem Wirrwarr\" Überwachungszentrale „WennnJames zu einer Luke geht, werden wir ihn in diesen Raum verfrachten,nes sind so und so genug Fallen um sie rum, Jenny hat einen dernwenigen Durchgänge der keine Falle ist, die anderen Seitenwändensind welche. Die Luke im Boden ist auch passierbar. Dort müsstendie Zeitfalle sein\" Mara beobachtete auf dem Display das Tun undnLassen von Jenny und James. CubenNummer : R8nCC2 AJ Victims : Jenny, James \"Checkennwir mal die anderen Räume nach den Nummern. Ich muss das Systemnrausbekommen\" „Wie hatndas, das letzte mal funktioniert?\" „Das warnals wir es wussten ganz einfach, der Raum mit der Nummer: 564 248 376nwar ne Falle, hingeben der Raum: 627 544 242 war sicher. Es gingndarum jeder der Raum der 6 gerade Zahlen drin hatte war ne Falle,nalles andere war keine\" „Ichnschaue mal, in dem Raum, was für eine Zahl im Durchgang steht\"nrief James, Jenny zu. „Okay pass auf, klettere ja nicht in dennanderen Raum\" „Gehtnklar...\"James ging zur gegenüberliegenden Seite, stieg dienLeiter hinauf und öffnete die Luke. Kaum hattener sie offen wurde er von einem Seil getroffen, das ihm in den Raumnzog. Jenny hörte nur noch seine panischen Schreie. „Verdammt\"nfluchte sie...[Chapter 5] Kapiteln1C Überwachungszentrale „Ging,nja leichter als wir dachten Jenny zu isolieren, aber lassen wir sienetwas rumklettern, wäre ja langweilig wenn wir sie gleich tötennwürden\" Mara lächelte und beobachtete Jenny weiter aufndem Monitor. „Wie istnden James gestorben?\" fragte Martina, „du hast es sicher gesehen\" „Nichtndirekt, aber ich lade die Aufzeichnung. Mara tippte einiges ein. Auf demnBildschirm erschien ein leicht rötlich beleuchteter Raum. Mannsah James auf dem Boden landen. Das Seil verschwand so schnell esngekommen war. Es klickte insgesamt sechs Mal und der Raum verriegeltensich komplett. James blickte sich ängstlich um, er wollte einender Luken öffnen um zu Jenny zurückzuklettern. Vergeblichnrüttelte er an der Tür. Fast unhörbar fuhren von dernDecke kleine Ventile herab, man musste schon genau hinsehen um sie zunerkennen. Ein paar Sekunden später kam ein feiner Sprühregen.nJames begann fürchterlich zu husten. Wie ein Nebel umhülltendie feine Sprühregenwolke alles was sich in dem Raum befand.nJames bekam fast keine Luft mehr und sank zu Boden. Der Regennverschwand und Mara konnte wieder mehr am Monitor sehen. Das Opfernlag am Boden. Langsam begann die Säure zu wirken und Jamesnbegann sich langsam aufzulösen, zurück blieben nur dienKnochen, die Aussahen, als hätte ein Tier an ihnen genagt. „Wohaaa,nda haben sie eine neue Falle eingebaut\" Martina hatte es nur ausnden Augenwinkeln betrachtet angesehen. „Esnwerden ja immer wieder Modifikationen vorgenommen, wird dir dann mitnder Zeit gar nicht mehr auffallen, es wird alles zur Routine\" CubenNummer : S0nEEH V2 Victims : Andrea Hin undnwieder hörte Andrea ein paar Geräusche, das lag daran dasnsie in der obersten Ebene des Cubes war Abermalsnrutschte ihr Cube eine Ebene tiefer, ein weiterer Cube dockte obennan. „Wernhat mich nur da hergebracht\" etwas erzürnt marschierte Andreanauf und ab, „dann schaue ich mal ob ich woanders hinklettern kann.\"nVorsichtig stieg sie die Leiter hinauf, und öffnete die Luke.nAndrea spähte hinein, da sah sie am Boden des kurzen Ganges einenZahlen und Buchstabenkombination, „A1A 676 R5\" las sie sichnselbst halblaut vor. „Mal schauen was bei den anderen Türennsteht, bei der anderen Seitenwand entdeckte sie: NE AS HW, 455 FFGnAT,422n768 002. Andrea öffnete die Luke im Boden, „A14 456 666, wasndas wohl alles zu bedeuten hat. „Dann probier ich mal zur Decke zunklettern\" Rasch stieg Andrea die 4,5 m hohe Leiter hinauf,ngeschickt hantelte sie sich zu der Luke hinüber. Sie drehte anndem Griff und hielt sich darauf gleich wieder fest. „000 450 100\"nlas sie halblaut vor. \"Hmm, ich klettere wohl besser wieder runter.nEtwas später war sie am Boden angelangt. „Wo sollnich hinklettern\" grübelnd überlegte sie kurz, „ach ichnnehm mir den Raum 455 FFG AT, die Nummer hatte ich als drittenentdeckt, Drei ist meine Glückszahl\" Im Nu war sie in demnkleinen Durchgang drinnen und sprang in den nächsten Cubenhinunter. Mit einem Klacken schlossen sich 5 der 6 Türen.nErschrocken blickte sich Andrea um, sie probierte, die Bodenluke zunöffnen, die Luke war wie sie dachte verriegelt. Gerade als sienzu den Türen an der Wand gehen wollte, begann bei den LeiternnWasser zu fließen, der Druck war so stark, das sie nichtnemporsteigen konnte. Langsam stieg das kalte Wasser an. „Scheiße,nwas ist jetzt los\" schrie sie in Panik. Das kalte Wasser reichtenihr bis zu den Knöcheln und begann weiter zu steigen. Fröstelndnbegann sie im Wasser auf und ab zu gehen. Nach kurzer Zeit reichtenihr das eisige Wasser bis zur Hüfte. Andrea versuchte jetzt zunschwimmen um sich so warm zu halten. Das Wasser trug sie immer weiternhinauf, und bald erreichte es die Luken in den Seitenwänden. „Verdammtndie sind auch blockiert\" Andrea schwamm weiter in dem Cube herum,nsie merkte dass sie schon müde wurde, aber so schnell wollte siennicht aufgeben. Nach fast 20 Minuten konnte sie die Deckenlukenanfassen, und diese ließ sich auch öffnen... Überwachungszentrale „Andreanmacht sich wirklich gut, aber irgendwann tappt sie auch in eine dernrichtigen Fallen, die Zeitfallen kann man zu leicht überwinden\" „Diensollen auch den Leuten vertrauen geben, das man die Fallen überlebennkann\" CubenNummer : R8nCC2 AJ Victims : Jenny „Wiesonsperren die mich wieder ein\" seufzend setzte sie sich auf dennBoden. „Der eine Raum hatte U0 XH 132, als Code, mein Raum hat R8nCC2 AJ. Sie legte sich auf den Rücken und schloss die Augen.nJenny versuchte sich die Zahlen vorzustellen, Zeit hatte sie jangenug. Mit einem leichten Ruck setzte sich ihr Gefängnis innBewegung. Sie blieb am Boden fast regungslos liegen. „Machen wirnmal wieder eine Spazierfahrt...\" Der Cube sauste mit Jenny etwasnabwärts, am Boden entlang und dann ziemlich in der Mitte wiedernnach oben, er verharrte im oberen drittel, ein paar andere Cubesnrückten nach und Jenny war wieder von allen Seiten mit Räumennumgeben. Irgendwie sah es Jenny es jetzt nur mehr als Spielerei an,nzwar mit ein paar tödlichen Fallen dabei, die man aber umgehennkonnte. „Hmmm,nvorher hatten sie nur Zahlen gehabt, was wäre wenn sie Zahlennund Buchstaben gemischt hätten, aus U0 XH 132 könnte man jandann 210 248 132 machen, dann wären wir wieder mal bei den 3nZahlenkombis, grübelte sie. Mein Raum hat: R8 CC2 AJ also 188n332 110, also mit den gleichen Zahlensystem kann es nimmer gehen, derneine hat 6 gerade und 3 ungerade Ziffern und der andere 4 gerade undn5 ungerade.\" Wie immer wenn sie nachdachte spielte sie sich mitnihren Haaren, „diesmal brauche ich sicher länger, aber sonschnell tötet mich keine Falle\" Jennynahnte es, dass sie es ihr jetzt schwerer machen wollen, sie hatte esnindirekt mitbekommen, das sie James in den Raum geworfen hatten.[Chapter 6] Kapiteln1D CubenNummer : 350 X8 Z4 Victims : Sabine,nMadeline, Kevin Schon seitngeraumer Zeit gingen die nächsten drei Opfer in den Raum auf undnab. „Wasnsoll das ganze hier\" Madeline ärgerte sich total, „ich willnhier verdammt noch mal raus\" „Ichnhabe doch nichts gemacht, das ich ins Gefängnis muss und wie kamnich hier her\" Sabine setzt sich auf den Boden. „Ichnweiß nur das ich mit Freunden im Park war, und dann wurde ichnhier munter\" Kevin rüttelte etwas an den Eisenrohren, die innden Ecken nach oben liefen. Madeline ließ sich neben Sabine aufnden Boden, „ich halte es echt bald nicht mehr aus\" „Vielleichtnkommt man über die Luken woanders hin\" Kevin stieg dienbeleuchtete Leiter hinauf und öffnete die Luke. Neugierignkletterten Sabine und Madeline hinter her. Vorsichtig rutschte er innden Gang. Er blickte in einen Raum, der genauso aussah. „Oh man,ndas sieht ja hier alles gleich aus\" Langsam rutschte er nach vornenund sprang in den Raum hinein. Klack, vor den zwei verdutzen Mädelsnverschloss sich die Tür. Überwachungszentrale „Showtime\"nMara legte den Cube mit Kevin auf den Monitor. Sie sah, dass Kevinnalleine in einen Cube stand. Unerhörbar klappte sich an dernkompletten Decke ein Gitter mit rassiermesserscharfen Klingen aus undnfuhr durch Kevin durch, als wäre er ein Stück Papier. AmnBoden lagen nur mehr etliche Fleischstreifen,... „Wenigstensnein schneller Tod. File ist archiviert. Martina nahm die zwei Paddsnund trug sie zu dem kleinen Aufzug. Sie legte sie rein und schicktensie hinauf. „Geht janschnell als wir dachten, zwei weniger\" Mara schaltete wieder aufndie Allgemeine Überwachung um. „Willstndu auch einen Kaffee?\" wandte sie sich an Martina. „Gerne,nkann ich brauchen, wird sicher eine lange Nacht werden\" Mara standnauf und ging zu der Kaffeemaschine. Sie stellte zwei Tassen darunternund drückte auf die Taste. Einen Moment später brachte sienden Kaffee zum Arbeitsplatz zurück. CubenNummer : 455 FFG ATnVictims : Andrea Die Lukenließ sich schwer öffnen, Andrea zog wütend daran,nteilweise tauchte sie schon mit dem Kopf unter Wasser, prustendnspukte sie das Wasser wieder aus. Endlich zischte es und die Lukenöffnete sich. CubenNummer : 350 X8 Z4 Victims : Sabine,nMadeline, Andrea „Was istnda los\" Sabine krabbelte aus dem Rohr wieder raus. Vor ihnen saßnam Boden eine nasse junge Frau. „Wernbist du?\" wandte sich Sabine an Andrea. „Andrea\"nstotterte diese. Ihr war ziemlich kalt. Madelinensaß noch in dem Durchgang, vor ihr glitt die Tür auf undnsie blickte in den Raum. Mit einem Aufschrei flüchtete sienzurück zu Sabine und Andrea. „Was istnden passiert?\" „Kevin,...\"nMadeline stotterte rum, sie fand keine Worte. „Ist ernweg\" „Er istntot\" schrie sie hervor und, „scheiße\" „Was...\"nSabine wusste nicht was sie sagen sollte. „Verdammt,ndann sind sicher meine Mitgefangenen auch tot\" Andrea schautenverzweifelt zur Decke. „Warennsie da drinnen...?\" „Nein,nich bin in einen Raum geklettert und dann hat sich der auf einmalnbewegt, eine Achterbahnfahrt ist harmlos dagegen\" „DienRäume bewegen sich\" Madeline blickte zu Andrea, „bis jetztnist uns noch nichts aufgefallen\" „Wiengroß ist dieses Ding da, ich bin da fast ne Ewigkeit nach obenngerast, und dann hier ein Stück runter\" CubenNummer : R8nCC2 AJ Victims : Jenny „Dannnwerde ich es mal auf die altmodische Art machen.\" Sie wusste dassnDIE DA OBEN bei ihr mit allen rechnen würden, und so hatte sienkeine Schuhe an. Jenny zog sich die Hose aus, ihr war es egal, auchnwenn sie nur mehr in der Unterhose durch den Cube turnte, so schnellnließ sie sich nicht unterkriegen. „Na dannntesten wir mal\" Jenny kletterte zur Luke U0 XH 132 hinauf. Langsamnstieg sie hinein. Die Tür am Ende des Ganges stand schon offen.nJenny legte sich auf den Bauch und spähte vorsichtig in den Cubenhinein. Sie riss von der Hose einen Stoffstreifen runter und schmissnihn in den Raum. Nicht tat sich. „Gut,ndie eine Art von Sensoren ist nicht eingebaut\" murmelte sie „WAHHHHH\"nJenny schrie mal in den Raum hinein, sie wusste noch das es dienverschiedensten Sensoren, Scanner etc gab. Mannmusste nur alles testen. CubenNummer : V2nY0 342 Victims : Alina,nJudith, Tom „Hast dundas gehört\" fragte Judith, „da hat wer geschrieen\" „Das kamnvon der Luke dort\" Tom deutete auf den einen noch geschlossenennDurchgang. „Ich sehnmir das mal an\" Judith kletterte hinauf und öffnete diese. Siensah Jenny auf der anderen Seite eines gleich aussehenden Raumesnsitzen. Rasch kletterte sie hinein. CubenNummer : U0nXH 132 Victims : ,nJudith, Jenny Als siengerade hinunterklettern wollte, hörte sie von der jungen Frauneine Warnung. „STOP,ntu es nicht...\" Jenny wollte es nicht wieder sehen, dass vor ihrennAugen wer geröstet wurde. „Wieso?\" „DIE DAnOBEN wollen uns alle töten, das ist ein perfektes Fallensystem –nsehr grausam\" Jenny wollte gleich auf den Punkt kommen. Jennynzupfte sich ein paar Haare aus und ließ sie in den Raum auf dennBoden schweben. „Hmm,nentweder ist der Raum sicher, oder die Haare waren zu wenig fürndie organischen Sensoren. Hast du vielleicht einen Schuh, vielleichtnwar der Stoffstreifen zu leicht das er die Bodensensoren ausgelöstnhat.\" „Ich habneinen\" „Okaynwirf einen Schuh zur Decke das er dagegen prallt, mach es einfach,nwenn der Raum sicher ist, bekommen wir alles heil zurück. Judith zognden Schuh aus und warf ihn in den Raum. Nichts geschah als der Schuhngegen die Decke schlug und dann auf den Boden aufkam. „Dannnmüsste der Raum sicher sein, bleib bitte in der Tür sitzen,nso das sie nicht zugehen kann, ich trauen zwar DENEN nicht...\" Mit diesennWorten kletterte Jenny in diesen Cube rein, vorsichtig ging sie inneinem Zickzack Muster zur anderen Leiter, sie hob unterwegs allenSachen auf, die sie in den Raum geworfen hatte. Sie stieg hinauf. „Hey,nich bin Jenny\" Sie grinste und stieg in den Durchgang CubenNummer : V2nY0 342 Victims : Alina,nJudith, Tom, Jenny Judithnund Jenny kamen in den Raum zurück. Sie warf gleich einen Blicknauf diese Raumbezeichnung „V2nY0 342\" murmelte sie. „Wasnliest du da?\" wollte Judith wissen, als sie die Leiter hinunternstieg. „Dasnsind Koordinaten, die drei Sachen bedeuten: Falle: ja oder nein, ebennKoordinaten oder man kann die Raumnummern berechnen.\" Jennynsprang in den Raum hinab. „Was istndas ganze hier?\" wandte sich Alina an Jenny, „du scheinst mehr zunwissen als wir\" „Du hastnvorher DIE DA OBEN erwähnt und das die uns töten wollen,nwer sind DIE\" fragte Judith. „Wernwill uns töten\" mischte sich Tom ein. Jennynlehnte sich an die Wand, „Nun kommen wir gleich zur Sache. Wer dienda oben sind, weiß keiner, aber sie beobachten uns, die könnennmit uns alles machen was sie wollen. Wir sind nur ihre Spielfiguren.nIch weiß das klingt hart, das was ich schon gesehen habe, lässtnsich kaum beschreiben.\" „Kannnman entkommen?\" fragte Alina. Ihre Augen blitzten geheimnisvoll,nsie sah sich schon aus dem Gefängnis flüchten. „Dunkannst es versuchen, aber du landest wieder hier drinnen. Ich war 2nTage schon mal hier herinnen, und bin entkommen, 3 Tage späternbin ich wieder hier aufgewacht.\" „Scheiße\" „Nun wasnist das ganze hier...\" „Das istnder Cube, so hat es mir einer erzählt, der mit mir das letztenMal gefangen war, er war auch zum zweiten Mal hier herinnen und istnziemlich grausam gestorben.\" „Wasnverstehst du unter grausam?\" Tom starrte Jenny an. „Nun ja,nanscheinend ändern sie immer wieder das System, er sprang inneinen Raum rein, der angeblich sicher war – er war es aber nicht,ndie Tür auf meiner Seite schloss sich nicht, weil ich in der Türnsaß, ein Stahlgitter raste durch ihm von oben nach unten durch,nund eines von links nach rechts. Das Gitter ist vor meinen Augennplötzlich aufgetaucht – wie aus dem nichts. Es war zwar einnsehr schneller tot, sah aber sehr grausam aus. Ihr könnt euchnjetzt denken was passiert ist...\" Jenny wollte jetzt nichtnweiterreden. DreinAugenpaare starrten sie an. „Wer denkt sich so was aus und warumnnur...\" „Dasnwarum kann keiner sagen\" Überwachungszentrale „Jennynist wirklich verdammt clever, sie in eine Falle zu bekommen wirdnnicht leicht werden, vielleicht bekommen wir dann einen Hinweis wienwir vorgehen sollen\" sagte Mara. „Mirnkäme da eine bessere Lösung, aber ich weiß nicht, obnsie es akzeptieren wird, ich muss es aber erst abklären\" „Wasnhast du vor...\" „Wartenerst mal ab, komme gleich wieder\" Martina war eine der wenigennArbeiter, die mit den Aufzug nach oben fahren durfte. Sie stieg innden Lift, steckte ihre ID Karte in den Scanner und fuhr hinauf. Knapp einenhalbe Stunde verging, dann kam sie wieder zurück. „Allesnabgesprochen\" Sie warf einen blick zu Mara, du darfst reingehen undnJenny mal rausholen\" Mit einemnungläubigen Blick starrte Mara zu Martina, „Was ich soll danrein!\" Sie schluckte, und wie soll ich die Fallen umgehen, wirnhaben noch nicht mal alle genauen Daten bekommen, wo welche Fallennsind.\" „Da hastndu sie.\" Martina warf ihr ein Padd zu. Mara warnes alles andere als angenehm in den Cube zu klettern, widersetzennwollte sie sich auf keinen Fall, den sonst würde sie auch mitnveränderten Gedächtnis drinnen aufwachen. Leise vor sichnhinmurmelnd stieg sie in den Aufzug und drückte eine Taste, OhnenID Karte würde der Lift jeden in den Cube bringen. EtlichenEtagen raste der Lift in die tiefe, ehe er hielt und Mara konnte innden Cube klettern.[Chapter 7] Kapiteln1E CubenNummer : 48E M0 S6 Victims : Evelyn,nFranziska, Martin „Verdammtnwo sollen wir echt hinklettern\" Franziska nachdenklich zu dennAnderen. „Hmmm, ich denke wir nehmen 262n178 ABD\" schlug Evelyn vor, „hab dabei ein gutes Gefühl.\" „Wie dunmeinst, aber du gehst voraus\" Martin blickte herausfordernd zunEvelyn. „TypischnMänner, haben vor allem und jeden Angst\" Evelyn grinste undnstieg die Leiter zu dem Raum hinauf. Sie öffnete die Luke undnkletterte in den Durchgang, die Tür, die in den nächstennRaum führte war schon offen. CubenNummer : 262 178 ABD Victims : Evelyn,nFranziska, Martin Der Raumnhatte nur eine etwas andere Beleuchtung ansonsten war er identisch.nDie Anderen folgten ihr rasch in den Raum. Verwundert blickte sichnEvelyn um. „Wiensollen wir aus diesen Labyrinth raus finden.\" Mit einemnRuck raste der Raum plötzlich ganz nach unten und bewegte sichnein Stück nach rechts. „Was warndas?\" Die drei waren alle durcheinander gepurzelt. Martin hattensich als erster aufgerappelt „Ichnschau mir mal die Luken an\" schlug er vor. Martin ging zuerst zurnBodenluke, er versuchte sie zu öffnen, „verdammte scheiße\"nEr rüttelte daran, aber nichts tat sich. Wütend ging er zunden Seitenluken. Bei einer Luke blickte er in Dunkelheit. „Was istndas denn\" verwundert kletterte er hinein. „Wasnsiehst du da?\" Franziska und Evelyn kamen zu ihm hinzu. Er rutschtenein Stück weiter, so das er komplett rausblicken konnte. Martinnwandte jetzt seinen Blick nach oben. „Wahnsinn\"nstotterte er. Vorsichtig kam er wieder in den Raum zurück. „Wirnsind am Boden, über uns sind zahlreiche Räume, kann siennicht zählen. Ich werde rausklettern und einen Ausgang suchen,ndann hole ich euch ab\" „Ichnkomme am besten mit\" schlug Evelyn vor, „Männer sindnmeistens unfähig\" „Nein,ndu bleibst da, da ist es sicher sicherer\" „Bleibnbei mir, irgendwie möchte ich da nicht alleine sein\" erwidertenFranziska. „Die 2 mnkann man sicher ohne weiteres springen\" „VielnGlück\" riefen ihm die zwei Frauen nach. Er rutschte an dennRand der Öffnung und sprang, Aus den zirka gedachten 2 Meternnwurden dann 6,5 Meter. Martin schlug nach einem Aufschrei auf demnBoden auf. Franziska und Evelyn hatten davon nichts mitbekommen. CubenNummer: unwichtig: MARA auf der Suche „Hättennie gedacht, das ich da mal rein muss\" Mara öffnete die Lukenund stieg in den schmalen Gang. Sie schluckte als sie den ersten Raumnsah. Ein kurzer Blick auf die Kombination genügte „Der Raumnist sicher\" Vorsichtig stieg sie die Leiter hinab. Hinter ihrnverschloss sich die Tür. Der Cube setzte sich in Bewegung. Maranhielt sich bei der Leiter fest. „Davon hat keiner was gesagt\"nmurrte sie. Ihr Raum fuhr fast bis ganz nach oben, bewegte sich dannnin ein freies Loch hinein und dockte dort an die anderen Räumenan. Überwachungszentrale „Jetztnist sie wirklich drinnen\" Martina beobachte Mara auf dem Monitor.nSie hatte den Cube ziemlich in die Nähe von Jenny manövriert. „Ichnhoffe sie versagt nicht, das wäre fatal\" Sie hatte Angst umnihr Leben, denn da drinnen zu landen hatte sie nicht vor, besondersnnicht, wenn DIE DA OBEN sie manipulieren würden, so dass se ihrnkomplettes Wissen über den CUBE vergessen würde. CubenNummer: unwichtig: MARA auf der Suche Maranblickte auf das Padd, nun konnte sie auch ihre Position innerhalb desnCUBES feststellen. „GutnJenny ist nur fünf Räume entfernt, dann mach ich mich malnauf den Weg. Sie ließ die Raumnummern um sich herum durch ihrennMinicomputer laufen. Der Raum vor ihr war eine Falle. Neugierig wiensie war blickte sie kurz hinein. „Da kannnman echt nichts erkennen\" murmelte sie, „na dann muss ich wohlneinen kleinen Umweg machen. Sie wusste dass die Boden- undnDeckenluken am Anstrengensten waren und so beschloss sie nur durchndie Seitewände zu steigen. „Ohnendem Gerät wäre ich sicher aufgeschmissen, ich würdenmich da nie zurechtfinden\" sprach sie mit sich selber. Marankletterte in den nächsten sicheren Raum. Zwei Räume weiternverschnaufte sie. „Das istnecht anstrengend\" sie setzte sich kurz hin. CubenNummer : V2nY0 342 Victims : Alina,nJudith, Tom, Jenny „Das istnecht eine Frechheit, Leuten das anzutun, wieso stecken die da einfachnganz normale Bürger rein\" Tom saß verzweifelt auf demnBoden. „Wiesonbauen die so schlimme Fallen hier nur ein, das ist ja echt einnAlptraum\" Judith schüttelte den Kopf, „man kann also dienRäume testen, ob sie sicher sind oder nicht\" „Kannnman, klappt aber nicht immer, deswegen ist ja auch der Einengestorben, der zum zweiten Mal im Cube war\" Jenny wollte lieber garnnicht darüber nachdenken, welche Fiesigkeiten sie diesmalnerwarten würde, einfach würde es nicht werden. Sie merktendann noch an, „da fällt mir ein, die Räume könnennsich auch bewegen, ist teilweise ziemlich rasant, wenn sie weiternStrecken dahinrasen. Eine Achterbahnfahrt ist nichts dagegen\" Siengrinste etwas, das letzte war etwas übertrieben, aber wenn dienRäume abwärts sausten, musste man sich schon ordentlichnfesthalten., „falls so was passieren sollte, einfach bei dennLeitern festhalten\" CubenNummer: unwichtig: MARA auf der Suche „Dannngeh ich halt mal weiter\" Mara stand auf und streckte sich etwas.nEin kurzer Blick auf ihr Display genügte, obwohl sie auch dienRäume im eingeschränkten Maße bewegen könnte,nwollte sie es nur im Notfall machen. Müheselig krabbelte sie innden nächsten Raum, sie war nur mehr 2 Räume von Jennynentfernt. Martina könnte mit ihr zufrieden sein, immerhin würdennsie eine Ausbrecherkönigin ins Team holen, ob diese wollte odernnicht. Fünf Minuten später stand sie vor der Luke zu demnRaum, in dem sich Jenny befand. Mara versteckte das Padd in dernInnenseite ihrer dünnen Jacke. Man konnte es nicht sehen. Nervösnstieg sie in den nächsten Raum. CubenNummer : V2nY0 342 Victims : Alina,nJudith, Tom, Jenny, Mara DienLukentür glitt auf, vier Augenpaare waren auf den Neuankömmlingngerichtet. „Man wienviele Leute stecken da noch drinnen\" Alina hatte als erste wiederndie Sprache gefunden. „Kannnich auch nicht sagen\" log Mara, sie wusste es genau wie viele Leutenes waren und wo sie sich aufhielten. „Wirnsollten echt den Ausgang suchen\" sagte Jenny, sie wusste es nichtnda sie eine CUBE Technikerin mit ihr im Raum war. „Wisstnihr wie das mit den Zahlen / Buchstaben geht, ich habe da echt keinenAhnung\" „Ichnweiß es auch nicht, irgendwann wird man draufkommen, wie esngeht, man braucht Zeit, und wenn man es weiß, ist es dannneinfach\" Mara hieltnsich etwas zurück, sie wollte nicht zu viele Fragen stellen,nnicht das Jenny oder die Anderen Verdacht schöpften. „Ichnteste mal den Raum\" sagte Tom und kletterte zu der Luke hin „672nB24 L14\" las er vor und warf seinen Schuh hinein. Nichts passierte.nMara hatte es sich schon vorher angeschaut, sie wusste dass diesernRaum sicher war. „Anscheinendnsicher, ich gehe hinein\" Tom stieg in den Raum hinab. „Sicher\"nrief er, als sich nichts geschah. Alina stieg zu erst die Leiternhinauf und kletterte in den Gang, Judith folgte ihr. CubenNummer : 672 B24 L14 Victims : Alina,nJudith, Tom, Die dreinstanden schon in den Raum. „Jennynkommst du\" rief Judith. Sie wollte gerade zu Jenny in den Raumnhinüberblicken, da glitt die Tür zu und verriegelte sichnvor ihren Augen. „Verdammt,nwas ist da los\" Judith rüttelte an der Tür. Plötzlichnsetzte sich der Raum in Bewegung und fuhr ein Stück hinunter,ndann nach rechts und wieder hinab. Ein paar andere Räumenrutschten nach und umgaben den Raum CubenNummer : V2nY0 342 Victims : Jenny, Mara Jennynhatte schon eine Vermutung was passiert war, die Räume hattennsich bewegt, sie hatte die leichte Erschütterung gemerkt, diendurch das Abdocken entstanden ist. „Scheiße,ndie Räume haben sich bewegt\" Überwachungszentrale „Sie istnwirklich gut\" Martina war mit Mara zufrieden, dann spielen wir malnein Spielchen. Martina holte sich den Raum von Jenny und Mara genauernauf den Bildschirm. „Dannnändern wir mal die Fallen, und klarerweise kommt auch meinenLieblingsfalle dazu\" sie lächelte und verschob ein paar Räume.nNun waren um Jenny herum nur mehr Fallen, eine schlimmer als dienAndere. CubenNummer : V2nY0 342 Victims : Jenny, Mara Jennynmerkte es klarerweise, dass sich die Anordnung der Räumenänderte. Nachdenklich lehnte sie sich an die Wand. „MeinenKameraden können überall sein, verdammt, wenn ich dasnSystem heraußen hätte, könnte ich es feststellen, wonsie sind\" Maranlächelte insgeheim, sie war froh, dass sie jetzt mit Jennynalleine war, „NunnJenny, ich bin eigentlich hier um die ein Angebot zu machen?\" DienAngesprochene blickte erstaunt zu der junge Frau, „was für einnAngebot denn, ich bin nicht käuflich\" „Nun\"nMara nahm das Padd heraus, „wir möchten das du für unsnarbeitest\" „Fürnwem arbeiten?\" Jenny ahnte es schon, wollte aber noch dienUnwissende Spielen, um etwas mehr raus zu finden. „Wirnhaben beschlossen dich hier ins Team aufzunehmen\" Jennynstarrte Mara entgeistert an, „ich soll für dieses DING hiernarbeiten\" Im Moment fehlten ihr die Worte, sie war sprachlosngeworden. „Dunkannst perfekt mit Zahlen umgehen, also wollen wir dich dabei haben?\" Mittlerweilenhatte sie sich gefangen. „NIEMALS\" schrie Jenny. Sie war wütendngeworden. Entschlossen stemmte sie die Hände in die Hüfte,n„da bleibe ich lieber herinnen und sterbe hier\" Jetzt kamen ihrndie Gedanken, haben sie vielleicht den Mann den sie als sie das erstenMal da war auch so in den Tod getrieben. Sie verwarf den Gedankenngleich wieder, da er ja in eine Falle getappt war. „Dunwillst sterben, bitte hält dich keiner davon ab, um dich herumnsind nur Fallen, musst dir nur eine Aussuchen, die dir gefällt\" „Werdnich auch machen\" Jenny hatte echt Angst jetzt, wollte es sich abernnicht anmerken lassen. Aber bevor sie für diese Leute arbeitennwürde, und immer wieder Leute da in diese Tötungsmaschinenkommen würden - das wollte sie auf keinen Fall unterstützen.nJenny riss sich von der Hose insgesamt 6 Stoffstreifen runter. Alsnerstes kletterte sie zur Decke und warf einen Stoffstreifen hinein.nVon den Seiten kam sofort ein Säureregen über den Streifennund lösten ihn auf. Jenny schüttelte sich. „Ahhhnwir mögen keine Fallen mit Säure...\" Sie grinste fies. „Ist mirneigentlich egal, Hauptsache ich sterbe hier herinnen, ich werde mirnschon was aussuchen, wenn ich schon die Wahl habe\" Jennynkletterte wieder hinab und stieg zu der einen Wandluke hin. EinnStoffstreifen flog in den Raum, „ach die Falle hab ich schon malngesehen – sehr effektiv\" Sie machte sich jetzt einen Spaßndaraus. Sie wollte die Technikerin jetzt ärgern. Mara funkeltenJenny böse an, sie hätte ese sich leichter vorgestellt, sienzu überreden. Es dauerte eine Weile bis sie die Seitenwändengetestet hatte, zum Schluss guckte sie in den Raum unter ihr. Sienbeobachtete was mit dem Stoffstreifen passierte. Maranschaute sich die Falle auf dem Display an. „Wie findest du dienFallen? Schon eine ausgesucht\" stichelte sie. „Sindnalle brauchbar, muss mir erst überlegen welche ich mir nehme.\"nJenny hatte sich längst entschieden. Sie würde auf jedennFall in die den Raum unter ihr springen. Die Falle war wenigstensnschnell und es war keine Säurefalle. Mara war in ihr Padd etwasnvertieft. Sie wollte eine Nachricht an Martina schicken. Mit einemnStift notierte sie sich auf der Hand dienIdentifizierungsmöglichkeiten für Fallen, falls DIE ihr dasnPadd zerstören würden. „... undntschüss\" Mara zuckt zusammen, mit dem hatte sie nichtngerechnet. Sie sah noch wie Jenny in der Bodenluke verschwand. CubenNummer : 10C S5 KE Victims : Jenny FALLE [kommt im nächsten Postfg Währendnsie sprang schloss sie die Augen, sie hatte vorher schon die Fallengesehen wie sie funktionierte und den Stoffstreifen zerstörte...[Chapter 8] Kapiteln1F CubenNummer : 10C S5 KE Victims : Jenny, Mara FALLE Sushimaschine [kommt in CUBE 1 vor Ziemlichnunsanft landete Jenny auf den harten Boden, im Moment geschah nichts.nVerwundert stand sie auf und öffnete die Augen. Sie stand in dennRaum, indem sie gesprungen war, von der Falle war nichts zu sehen. Mara stiegngerade von der Leiter runter. „Ich habndie Falle deaktiviert, du bist zu wertvoll\" „UNFAIR\"nJenny war sehr wütend. Sie starrte wütend zu Mara, undnkonnte es nicht fassen, was gerade passiert war, „ich habe meinenMeinung dazu gesagt, dass ich nicht für DIE arbeiten will, undndas sollte man auch respektieren\" Wütendnbegann Jenny die Leiter hinauf zu klettern, sie wollte in eine dernanderen Fallen rein. Jenny handelte sich zur Deckenluke. Mit einemnklicken versperrte sie Mara. „Scheiße\"nfluchte sie und stieg zu einer anderen Luke. Es klickte noch fünfmal.nSauer stieg sie auf den Boden zurück. „Ichnwerde niemals für den CUBE arbeiten, egal was ihr mir antut\" Dass sienso stur ist, hätte sie nie gedacht, Mara tippte einiges aufnihren PADD ein. ‚Dannnschauen wir mal, ob sie wirklich so ne große Klappe hat wie sientut' dachte sie sich, sie musste nur noch ein paar Tasten berühren,nund schon könnte sie Jenny mächtig erschrecken. Fastnunhörbar kamen vom Boden die dünnen, aber sehr scharfennEisenstäbe und umgaben Jenny. Sie zuckte kurz zusammen, weil sienjetzt auch nicht damit gerechnet hatte. Mehr tat sich aber auchnnicht. Das sienversuchte mit ihren Ängsten zu spielen, war Jenny schon langenklar geworden. Es war bei weiten nicht angenehm in einer halbnaktivieren Falle zu stehen, als wahrscheinlich rein zu springen undnnichts mehr mitzubekommen. Die dünnen Metallstreifen glänzten. „Willstndu immer für uns noch nicht arbeiten?\" „Nein,nda bleibe ich lieber hier\" Jenny konnte stur sein, wenn sie wollte.nSie kannte viele der Fallen vom letzten Mal, mittlerweilen wusste sienwieder alles, wahrscheinlich hatten sie es von Anfang an, dochngeplant sie ins Team zu holen. „Werdennwir ja sehen\" Aus dernFalle klettern, wäre kein Problem gewesen, auch wenn sie sichnein paar Kratzer zugezogen hätte, aber das wollte sie nicht. Sanftnsetzte sich der Raum in Bewegung und begann ein Stück in dernwaagrechten zu fahren und dann hinauf – bis ganz hinauf. „DienRäume können ja auch langsam fahren\" CubenNummer : 262 178 ABD Victims : Evelyn,nFranziska „Sollennwir hier warten, oder was machen wir\" „Martinnmeinte wir sollen hier warten, aber irgendwie hab ich auch nicht dienLust den ganzen Tag da sitzen zu bleiben, schauen wir uns am bestennvorsichtig um\" schlug Franziska vor. Die zwei Frauen grübeltennnoch etwas und kletterten dann einfach einen Raum weiter, sie wusstennnoch nichts von den Fallen. „DernRaum hat die Nummer 679 1B4 462\" las Evelyn vor. „Dannnklettern wir rein\" Franziska stieg als erste, dich gefolgt vonnEvelyn durch die Luke. CubenNummer : 679 1B4 462 Victims : Evelyn,nFranziska Raschnsprang Franziska in den Raum hinab. Evelyn stieg langsam die Leiternhinunter. Der Raum war leicht bläulich beleuchtet. „Habenndie Farben auch eine Bedeutung, oder war den Erbauern langweilig\"nEvelyn dachte nach.- Noch ohnendas sie es merkten wurde der Boden langsam warm. Auf einer Seitenwandnbegannen ein paar Flammen aufzusteigen. „Scheißenwas ist das\" Für einen Moment starrten sie auf die Flammen,ndie langsam begannen durch den Raum zu wandern. Die 4 Seitenluken undndie Bodenluke verriegelten sich. „Raufnzur Deckenluke\" rief Franziska. „Ichnkomme da nicht rauf\" Evelyn war etwas in Panik. „Dunkommst rauf, du kletterst vor mir\" Franziska schob Evelyn zu dernLeiter hin. Zitternd stieg Evelyn hinauf, die Luken in den Wändenngingen gerade noch, aber nun, doppelt so hoch und dann sich zurnDeckenluke hinüberzuhanteln das war schon sehr schwierig. „Wirnkommen raus, das bekommst du hin\" versuchte Franziska ihr Mut zunmachen. Im Raum war es mittlerweilen sehr heiß geworden, fastnunerträglich. Die Sprossen der Leiter begannen sich auchnaufzuheizen. Tapfer kletterte Evelyn über die Dachleiter zurnDeckenluke. Franziska kletterte neben ihr, zum Glück war dienLeiter breit genug. Franziska öffnete die einzige nichtnversperrte Luke, sie schob rasch Evelyn voran durch und klettertendann nach. CubenNummer : 12A AA8 750 Victims : Evelyn,nFranziska Erschöpftnlagen die zwei am Boden des Raumes. Die Luke hatte sich schon wiederngeschlossen. Ihr Raum begann sich zu bewegen und fuhr ein Stücknhinauf, dann verharrte er wieder. „Wirnhätten doch warten sollen, was war das jetzt?\" Evelyn atmetennoch etwas schwer, für sie war es eine Überwindung danhinauf zu klettern. „Ichnweiß es nicht, wir sollten uns etwas ausrasten, und in Zukunftnvorsichtig sein wenn wir herumklettern.\" „Dasnsollten wir auf jeden Fall, nicht das so was wieder passiert, was istnwenn Martin auch was passiert ist.\" „Könnennnur hoffen, das er einen Ausweg findet – aber uns findet er nichtnmehr, wir sind irgendwo anders wieder hingefahren\" CubenNummer : 672 B24 L14 Victims : Alina,nJudith, Tom, „Jennynhat doch was von Nummern umrechnen gesagt, irgendwas stimmt dann beinunserer Nummer nicht, alle anderen Räume die uns Jenny genanntnhat waren immer 3er Kombinationen mit Zahlen, hier sind 2 3er undneine 4er, also: 672 224 1214. Die 1214 verwirrt mich, was soll dasnsein\" Judith grübelte. ‚Wenn Jenny da wäre, könntensie uns sicher helfen' dachte sie sich. „Irgendwienmüssen wir auf das System kommen, die Räume vorher hattennV2 Y0 342 und U0nXH 132. Hmm das wären dann 222 250 342 und 210 248 132\" „Jetztnhaben wir die mal aufgeschlüsselt, Jenny meinte ja dass mannanhand der Zahlen auch Fallen identifizieren kann. Wir haben abernbisher noch nie einen Raum mit einer Falle gesehen, das wirnvergleichen könnten.\" CubenNummer : 350 X8 Z4 Victims : Sabine,nMadeline, Andrea „Wirnsollten vorsichtig versuchen, die Anderen zu finden, falls ihnen dochnnichts passiert ist. Umso mehr wir sind, desto besser ist es\" „Dunvergisst eines, die Räume haben scheinbar Fallen die uns töten\" „Dannnwar das sicher eine Falle, wo ich bis zur Decke geschwommen bin\"nmischte sich Andrea ein. Ihr war immer noch etwas kalt, aber es gingnihr schon etwas besser. „Wienkönnen wir die Räume testen, ohne uns selbst umzubringen?\"nDie drei Frauen saßen am Boden und lehnten sich an eine dernSeitenwände an. „DasnDing hier ist echt grausam, wieso stecken sie da wem rein, wie kannnman so was fertig bringen\" Sabine schauderte etwas, der Gedanke inndiesen Ding zu verrecken machte ihr Angst.[Chapter 9] Kapiteln1G CubenNummer : 10C S5 KE Victims : Jenny, Mara FALLE Sushimaschine \"Wienhast du damals das System so schnell geknackt?\" fragte Mara. Jennynblickte zu Mara, sie hatte in der Zwischenzeit die scharfennEisenstäbe gemustert. „Würdestnwohl gern wissen?\" erwiderte sie frech. Vorsichtignfuhr Mara mit den Fingerspitzen über ein paar Tasten auf demnDisplay, die dünnen Eisenstäbe kamen näher an Jennynheran. „Kannstnruhig die Fallen komplett einschalten...\" Der Raumnhielt, er hatte sich ohne dass es Jenny merkte aus den Cube hinausnbewegt und hielt in der obersten Ebene neben dem Aufzugschacht. CubenNummer : 672 B24 L14 Victims : Alina,nJudith, Tom, Ohne dassnsie es wussten wurden die drei seit geraumer Zeit beobachtet. Martinanhatte die kleine Gruppe auf dem Display, sie hatte mitbekommen, dassndiese in den einen speziellen Cube geklettert waren, solange dienOpfer das Rätsel nicht lösten, bestand keine Gefahr. „Ichnklettere mal vorsichtig in den nächsten Raum hinein\" „Seinvorsichtig\" warnte Judith. Tom zog sich einen Schuh aus und warfndiesen in den nächsten Raum hinein. Es passierte nichts. „Istnsicher, ich gehe hinein\" Langsam stieg Tom in den Raum hinab. CubenNummer : 15E R5 KE Victims : Tom FALLE SäurenRegen Vorsichtignhob Tom seinen Schuh auf, er wollte ihn gerade anziehen, als sich mitneinem Klacken die Tür verschloss. Unhörbar erschien obennein Gitter mit zahlreichen dünnen Öffnungen. „Was...\"nmehr brachte er nicht mehr raus, von der Decke stürzte in einemnfeinen Schauer Säure auf in hinab. Tom wollte um Hilfe schreien,ndoch die Dämpfe nahmen im den Atem. Die Säure begann ihnnaufzulösen, Tom war schon nahezu erstickt als er noch merkte wiensich die Säure durch seine Haut fraß. Das ganze dauerte 30nSekunden, bis Tom tot war, die restliche Zeit, bis sich die Türnwieder öffnete lösten sich die Überreste auf. CubenNummer : 672 B24 L14 Victims : Alina,nJudith Judith undnAlina wollten ihm folgen, doch vor ihnen schloss sich die Luke undnverriegelte sich. „Scheiße\"nJudith rüttelte an der Tür, doch diese saß fest. „Verdammtnwas ist da los\" wütend stemmte sie sich gegen die Tür,nnichts geschah. „Da mussnwas passiert sein?\" Knapp eine Minute später ließ sichndie Türe wieder öffnen, der Raum war leer, Tom warnverschwunden. „Dasnkann nur eine Falle gewesen sein, er wäre sicher nicht ohne unsnweitergeklettert und das verriegeln der Tür deutet darauf hin,ndas es sicher eine Falle war\" Alina saßnverzweifelt in dem kleinen Durchgang, „was machen wir jetztnwirklich, wie können wir die Fallen umgehen?\" Überwachungszentrale „Schonnwieder einer weniger, das klappt ja hervorragend\" Martina grinste,nam Display konnte man noch den Tod von Tom sehen. Von der komplettennDecke begann ein starker Säureregen, die Dämpfe nahmen Tomnden Atem, nicht nur das er erstickte, so löste er sich auchnkomplett auf und von ihm blieb nichts über. Eine CDnglitt aus dem einen Computerterminal heraus. Martina schrieb Tomnhinauf und steckte es in die Akte. „Malnschauen ob die anderen zwei auch noch in eine Falle tappen\" Auf demnanderen Display sah sie Jenny und Mara vor dem Ausgang stehen. Sienhatte sich das Gespräch zwischen Jenny und Mara angehört,n„diese Jenny hat echt Mut\" murmelte sie, „ich hätte siengerne im Team, schade dass sie sich weigert\" CubenNummer : 10C S5 KE Victims : Jenny, Mara FALLE Sushimaschine DienTür zum Cube wurde geöffnet und zwei Männer stiegennhinein. Mara deaktivierte die Falle. Die Eisenstäbe verschwandennlautlos im Boden. Irgendwonhinzulaufen hätte Jenny so und so nicht können, die Türennwaren ja verriegelt. Die zwei Männer packten sie und schlepptennsie zur einzigen offenen Luke und schoben sie hinein. Anstandslosnließ sie es mit sich geschehen, was hätte sie auch machennsollen. Einer der Herren kletterte nach ihr in die Luke und schupstensie in den Aufzug hinein. Aufzug Jenny fielnunsanft auf den Boden, „geht ihr immer so mit euren Leuten um\"nfuhr sie den Mann an, ihre Augen funkelten wütend. Sie hattenbeschlossen das Spiel mitzuspielen und bei der nächsten Chancendie sich bot zurück in den Cube zu gehen. Der zweite Mann undnMara folgten in den Lift. Raschnsetzte sich der Aufzug in Bewegung und raste nach oben. Mara musstenin ihrer Etage aussteigen, und die zwei Männer nahmen Jenny mitnhinauf. „Wiesonwollt ihr gerade mich haben, gibt sicher 1000 andere die gut mitnZahlen umgehen können.\" „Ganzneinfach, du bist schon einmal aus dem Cube raus gekommen und zwar inneiner Zeit, die man nicht für möglich gehalten hätte\" „WarnZufall, es sind aber viele andere vor mir gestorben Wieso steckt ihrnda Leute rein?\" fragte sie dann auch noch frech. „Dasngeht dich im Moment noch nichts an\" Nach einernlangen Fahrt hielt der Aufzug, Jenny blickte in einen großennRaum. Überwachungszentrale „Hat jansuper funktioniert\" lobte Martina ihre Kollegin, „und wie war esnim Cube\" „Dasnfragst du noch, hast eh alles gesehen, wie ich die kenne\" Maransetzte sich an ihren Computerterminal, „ach Tom ist gestorben\"nsie sah die versiegelte Akte auf dem Tisch liegen. „Ja, er hat innder Säure ein Bad genommen. Was denkst du schaffen die es Jennynso zu manipulieren das sie für uns arbeiten wird?\" „Hoffentlich,naber sie dürfen ihr eben ihr wissen über den Cube nichtnnehmen, sonst war alles umsonst\" Die zweinschalteten wieder auf Überwachungsmodus, so dass es nicht ganznso aussah, als würden sie ständig die Gefangenennbeobachten. CubenNummer : 672 B24 L14 Victims : Alina,nJudith „Also,ndas mit dem Schuh scheint auch nicht immer zu funktionieren. AbernMoment mal, Jenny hatte doch ein paar Haare rein geworfen\" Judithngrübelte, „dann probieren wir das auch mal\" Sie zupfte sichneinige Haare aus und verließ wieder den Gang, in dem sie immernnoch saßen. „WelchennRaum nehmen wir?\" fragte Alina, sie zupfte sich ebenfalls ein paarnHaare aus. „Suchndir einen aus, ich checke derweil einen anderen Raum, schauen wirnwelcher sicher ist.\" Überwachungszentrale „Ahh dienzwei testen gleich wieder Räume, ich denke wir sollte die Sachenmal etwas beschleunigen, sonst langweilen sich unsere Bosse\" „Dunwillst wirklich mal wieder ins System eingreifen\" Mara war etwasnentsetzt, aber sie fand dennoch die Idee von Martina gut. „In dernnähe sind 2 Fallen, die Räume haben die gleiche Farbe, wiender Raum den sie testen, ich verschiebe die Räume einfach, innder Nähe ist so und so wieder ein Schacht.\" „Wenn dunso weitermachst, aktiviert sich bald der Clean Sweep\" „Danhaben wir noch etwas Zeit\" „Alsonwelche Fallen hast du in der Nähe?\" Mara war dennochnneugierig. „Eigentlichnzwei Fallen die eben die Opfer schnell töten, hinterlässtnzwar mehr Spuren, aber der Clean Sweep reinigt dann so und so dienRäume\" „Verratenes mir schon\" Mara war ganz kribbelig zumute, „endlich mal etwasnanders sehen, als die Säurefallen. „Einenganz neue Falle mit einem Messer und dann die bekannte mit dem Laser\" „DienGitterfalle habe ich schon mal gesehen\" erwiderte Mara, aber aufndie mit dem Messer bin ich gespannt\" „Ichnauch, hab sie ebenfalls noch nie in Action gesehen\" „Gibsnzu, du willst auch den Guys Upstairs diese Falle vorführen\" CubenNummer : 672 B24 L14 Victims : Alina,nJudith \"Ichnschaue mir mal diesen Raum an\" sagte Judith und stieg in die Lukenhinein, sie warf, die Sachen in den Raum, nichts tat sich. Sie zognden Schuh der an einem zusammengebundenen Schnurband hing wiedernraus. „Sicher,nkommst du\" Die Tür glitt kurz zu, kaum merklich verschobennsich die Räume. „Binngleich da, habe gerade den anderen Raum gecheckt, der ist auchnsicher\" Judith schaute in den Raum hinein, nichts passierte. „Der istnauch sicher\" Judith verließ den Gang und die Räumenverschoben sich wieder kaum merklich. Sie ging zu Alina. CubenNummer : 98G Y3 FFA Victims : Alina FALLE MessernFalle Die Türnglitt auf und Alina kletterte in den Raum hinein. Judith würdenso und so gleich nachkommen dachte sie. Kaum war sie die Leiternrunter gestiegen glitt die Tür zu. Alina blickte sich im Raum,nnichts deutete darauf hin, das sich gleich eine Falle aktivierennwürde. ‚Wonbleibt den Judith\" dachte Aline. Hinter ihrnkamen aus der Wand drei Messer in form eines Boomerangs, sie saustennvon hinten auf Alina zu und schnitten sie in vier Teile, danachnverschwanden die Messer wieder in der Wand, zurück am Bodennblieben nur die Überreste,... Die Messernwaren schon verschwunden, als sich die Räume abermalsnverschoben, Martina wollte es Judith nicht zeigen, was passiert war CubenNummer : 672 B24 L14 Victims : Judith Neugierignschaute sie in den Raum, in dem eigentlich Alina sein müsste,ndoch von ihr war nichts zu sehen. „Alina\"nrief sie, doch diese konnte ihr nicht mehr antworten, „verdammt,nklettert die einfach ohne mir weiter, kopfschüttelnd stieg sienin den jetzt sicheren Raum hinab. CubenNummer : 002 C36 B12 Victims : Judith „Wo istnsie nur hin, das kann es ja nicht geben...\" Kopfschüttelndnblickte sie in die weiteren Räume hinein, von Alina war nicht zunsehen. „Verdammt,nwieso konnte sie nicht warten, warum muss man sich trennen, wenn esnhier so uns so gefährlich ist\" schimpfte sie und stieg in dennnächsten Raum. CubenNummer : 181 Z5 AAI Victims : Judith FALLE GitternFalle Erst alsnsie in den blauen Raum stand, merkte sie dass sie vergessen hatte ihnnzu testen, Judith wollte in einen anderen Gang klettern, doch es warnschon zu spät. Aus dennSeitenwänden raste hinter ihr, zahlreiche Stahlseile, die in dernForm eines Gitters gespannt waren auf sie zu und zerteilten sie innunzählige dünne Streifen. Überwachungszentrale „Naja,nJudith ist in die Gitterfalle getappt, aber passt schon.\" Maranhatte in der Zwischenzeit das File von Alina archiviert. „Da istnder die Akte von Judith\", Martina warf ihr die verschlossene Mappenhin, „ordne bitte die Files von den dreien ein\" „Machenich\" Mit diesen Worten schnappte sich Mara die Akten von Tom,nJudith und Alina und schlichtete sie in die riesigen Karteikästen.[Chapter 10] Kapiteln1H CubenNummer : 350 X8 Z4 Victims : Sabine,nMadeline, Andrea Abermalsnschaute sich Sabine die Zahlen an. Sie hoffte das sie endlich dasnSystem knacken würde. Immer noch saßen sie in dem Raum,nunten ihnen war die Falle, der Andrea entkommen war. „Liesnmir mal die Zahlen vor, die deine Fallen hatte, vielleicht kommen wirndrauf, was die zahlen verbindet oder nicht verbindet\" „Okay\"nMit diesen Worten kletterte Andrea zu dem Durchgang und öffnetenihn, das Wasser war verschwunden, nicht mal ein Tropfen klebte an dennWänden. Verwundert blickte sie in den Raum, „die Kombinationennsind 455 FFGnAT\" „Gutnunser Raum hat 350 X8 Z4. Das sind Zahlen und Buchstaben gemischt.nWas ist wenn wir sagen wir mal alles in Zahlen umrechnen, die Fallenhätte dann: 455 667 120 und unser Raum hat 350 248 264\" „Ichnchecke mal die anderen Räume\" schlug Madeline vor, „ichnpasse so und so auf\" Sie zog sich einen Schuh aus und stieg damitnzu einer der Wandluken. „Lesenmir bitte gleich die umgerechneten Zahlen vor, dann ist es leichternfür mich\" „Geht innOrdnung\" Madeline stieg die Leiter hinauf und kletterte in dennDurchgang. „Hiernsteht 782 602 222\" Mit diesen Worten warf sie ihren Schuh hinein –nnichts passierte, „anscheinend ist der Raum sicher.\" Madelinenholte sich ihren Schuh wieder zurück. Das gleiche machte sie beinder nächsten Luke, „126 126 126\" Abermals testete sie dennRaum, und sie konnte sicher den Schuh herausholen. „Einensehr seltsame Nummer, aber mach mal weiter\" Sabine grübeltendie mit den Zahlen herum, ein paar Kleinigkeiten waren ihr schonnaufgefallen, „hoffentlich ist da noch eine Falle, ich brauche eine,nob meine Theorie funktioniert\" Madelinenstieg zur vorletzten Luke, dann blieb nur noch die Deckenluke über.nSie warf ihren Schuh hinein. Fast wienvon Geisterhand schossen spitze Pfeile aus den Wänden undnspießten den Schuh auf. „Da hastndu deine Falle\" Madeline hatte zuvor noch nie eine Falle gesehen,nsie starrte in den Raum. „Liesnmir bitte die Nummer vor\" forderte sie Sabine auf. „Ok,nschon klar, aber ich musste das mal beobachten, das ist wirklichngruselig. Die Nummer ist 679 233 777\" „Ichndenke mit den fünf Nummern könnte ich etwas anfangen\"nSabine saß wieder auf dem Boden, „was haben die nurngemeinsam, sie sprach mehr mit sich selbst als mit den Anderen\" „DienBeiden Fallen hatten jeweils eine 7 an einer der 3 stellen\" schlugnAndrea vor. Überwachungszentrale „Diendrei sind wirklich gut, hoffentlich klettern sie nicht in den Raumn126 126 126, das ist der Ausgangsraum, in fünf Stundennverschiebt sich der zur Brücke, leider darf man den nichtnändern, sonst geht das komplette System in den Clean Sweep\" „Verdammt,naber ich wette mit dir, das sie in diesen Raum gehen werden, weil dienZahl schon so außergewöhnlich klingt\" „Mit dirnwette ich nicht\" erwiderte Mara IrgendwonAnders in dem Komplex „Los gehnschon\" ziemlich unsanft stieß der eine Mann Jenny aus demnLift, diese stolperte und fiel zu Boden. Rasch zogen sie die Männernhoch und schleppten sie den Gang entlang, rechts neben ihnen war einenTür, der etwas größere Mann zog eine Codekarte durchnden Schlitz. Wie von Geisterhand glitt die Tür auf. Jenny wurdenin den leeren Raum gebracht und die zwei Männer verschwandennwieder und die Tür verriegelte sich. „Wasnsoll das?\" Jenny befand sich in einem weißen Raum. IhrenBlicke glitten durch den Raum, es war nichts in den Raum, nicht malnein Staubkorn. „Wiesonhaben die mich nicht im Cube gelassen\" Jenny marschierte in demnkleinen Raum auf und ab. Ohne dassnsie es merkte strömte Betäubungsgas in den Raum, Jennynkippte nach wenigen Minuten um. Einnanderer geheimer Raum StarkesnKopfweh weckten sie aus einem traumlosen Schlaf, Jenny lag auf einemnBett. Ihre langen Haare waren einer Kurzhaarfrisur gewichen, sienwusste es nicht mal, dass sie je lange Haare gehabt hatte. „Wo binnich...\" stammelte sie und setzte sich wie benommen auf. „Istnalles in Ordnung, du hattest einen schweren Unfall gehabt, dernGedächtnisverlust ist leider eine Nebenwirkung davon\" Ihrnverschwommener Blick wurde klarer und sie merkte dass sie einemnhellen Krankenzimmer lag. Das einzige an das sie sich erinnern konntenwar, das sie sich sehr gut mit Zahlen auskannte, und die in allndenklichen Kombinationen entschlüsseln konnte. Sie wunderte sichnnur, dass gerade das ihr geblieben war, aber sie sich nicht mal anndie letzten Stunden erinnern konnte. Die Ärztendie beim Cube arbeiteten, hatten ganze Arbeit geleistet und ihrnGedächtnis mittels des Chips, den sie immer noch in sich trugnmanipuliert. CubenNummer : 12A AA8 750 Victims : Evelyn,nFranziska „Wirnsollten extreme vorsichtig weiterklettern, wir müssen schauenndas wir rauskommen\" „Abernwohin sollen wir klettern, der Raum hat sich doch bewegt, wir könnennsonst wo sein, aber auf keinen Fall mehr so weit unten wie wir schonnwaren\" „Dannnchecken wir mal die Räume, wir testen sie am besten wieder,nhoffentlich tappen wir nicht wieder eine Falle\"[Chapter 11] Kapiteln1I CubenNummer : 12A AA8 750 Victims : Evelyn,nFranziska Franziskanschaute sich die verschiedenen Raumnummern an. Grübelnd saßnsie in dem einen Durchgang. „Wiensoll man da wissen, welcher Raum sicher ist und welcher ne Falle\"nEvelyn lehnte grübelnd an der Wand, „man muss da echt vielnGlück haben, dass einem nichts passiert\" „Wirnsollten vorsichtig weiterklettern, und hoffen das nichts passiert,nvielleicht gibt's ja auch noch andere Gefangene\" Evelyn schrittnvorsichtig zu einer Luke und öffnete diese. „Hmmndieser Raum ist etwas gelb beleuchtet – die Farbe hatten wir glaubnich noch nicht\" Mit diesen Worten stieg sie in den Raum. CubenNummer : 7BB DD6 C70 Victims : Evelyn,nFranziska Einennkurzen Moment später krabbelte Franziska hinter ihr her. „Verdammt,ndie ständige herum Kletterei macht einen müde! Ich bleibnetwas hier sitzen\" Evelyn setzte sich in eine Ecke, „muss michneinfach etwas ausrasten\" „Ichnschaue mir derweil die anderen Räume an, vielleicht kann ichnetwas herausfinden, irgendwie müssen uns ja diese Zahlennweiterhelfen\" Franziska begann die Räume zu checken. „Schonnwas rausgefunden?\" wollte Evelyn wissen. „Ichnwerde aus den Zahlen und Buchstabenkombinationen nicht klug, keinenAhnung was damit los ist, die sind so unterschiedlich, das man keinennZusammenhang feststellen kann\" „Wer hatnuns da nur rein gesteckt, möchte das zu gern wissen?\" Evelynngähnte etwas, „ruh dich auch etwas aus\" wollte sie Franziskanvorschlagen. „Ichngehe mal in diesen Raum, und schaue mich um, vielleicht finde ich danirgendwelche zusammenhänge\" Franziska sprang in den Raumnhinunter. CubenNummer : 671 985 AAI Victims : Franziska FALLE Eis „Ich gehnmal in diesen Raum\" das war das letzte was Evelyn hörte, dienTüren verriegelten sich rasch. „Wasnsoll das\" Mehr brachte sie nicht mehr heraus. Fast gespenstischnglitten aus den Wänden und der Decke Rohre. Franziska rannte zunder Bodenluke und rüttelte daran, auch diese hatte sichnverriegelt. EisigesnWasser und ein eisiger Wind strömten durch den Raum. Innerhalbnvon kurzer Zeit war sie komplett gefroren und fiel zu Boden. CubenNummer : 7BB DD6 C70 Victims : Evelyn \"Was warnda jetzt los\" Evelyn sprang auf und rannte zu der Tür, raschnkletterte sie zu der Luke wo Franziska verschwunden war, die Türnzum nächsten Raum glitt auf. Geschockt taumelte sie zurück.nAm Boden sah sie faustgroße gefrorene menschliche Überrestenliegen. „Scheiße,nverdammt...\" In Panik sprang sie in den anderen Raum zurücknund setzte sich dort wieder hin, „warum nur, was soll ichnmachen...\" Abermals ging ein leichtes rucken durch den Raum undnerfuhr etwas abwärts und dann etwas nach links. „Nichtnschon wieder\" seufzte sie. Es dauerte nicht lange und der Raumnverharrte wieder. CubenNummer : 350 X8 Z4 Victims : Sabine,nMadeline, Andrea, Evelyn „DienRäume haben sich bewegt, hast du es mitbekommen\" sagtenMadeline. Sie blickte zu den Anderen. „Ichnschaue mal nach was sich verändert hat. Sabine begann dienRaumnummern zu checken. „Fehlt nur noch die Boden und dienDeckenluke, die anderen Nummern sind gleich geblieben.\" Andreankrabbelte zu der Bodenluke und öffnete diese, sie vermutete innden Raum zu blicken aus dem sie gekommen ist, doch der Raum hattensich verändert und er war auch nicht mehr leer. Ihr Blick fielnauf eine junge Frau. „Hallo\"nrief sie hinunter. Evelynnschaute zur Decke, von der die Stimme kam. Erfreut stand sie auf. „Kommnrauf\" Sienschluckte, abermals sollte sie da raufklettern und es machte ihrnextrem Angst. Zittrig stieg sie die Leiter hinauf, „lasst mir bittenZeit, ich brauche etwas länger...\" brachte sie gerade nochnhervor. Langsam stieg sie weiter. In dernZwischenzeit kniete Sabine neben Andrea um dem Mädchen durch dienLuke zu helfen. Zehn Minuten später zogen sie Evelyn durch dienLuke nach oben. Erschöpft setzte sich auf den Boden. Überwachung szentrale „Ichnverschiebe etwas die Räume, es kommen aber Fallen hin, die durchndie Schuhe nicht ausgelöst werden\" Martina war gerade richtignin Laune sich mit dem System zu spielen. Sie wusste dass sie die 126n126 126 an ihrer Stelle lassen musste. Wie mit einem Legespielnordnete sie die Räume anders an. „Dasnwär's, fünf Fallen und eben der Ausgangsraum\" „Du bisnecht fies\" Mara lächelte. CubenNummer : 350 X8 Z4 Victims : Sabine,nMadeline, Andrea, Evelyn Nach demnsich die Mädels gegenseitig vorgestellt hatten, machten sie sichnan die Arbeit das Rätsel zu lösen. „DienRäume haben sich schon wieder verschoben\" fluchte Sabine, „wasnist da zum Teufel noch mal los, so oft kam das auch noch nicht vor\"nMadeline und Andrea fingen an die Raumnummern anzuschauen. „Strange,nalle Räume haben sich geändert, bis auf die 126 126 126,nseltsam. Vielleicht ist doch die 126 eine Falle\" „Wärenmöglich, testen wir mal alle Räume mit den Schuhen\" „Solltennwir machen, dann klettern wir einfach weiter\" schlug Sabine vor.nMadeline warf ihren Schuh in den Raum mit der Nummer 001 625 965,nnichts passierte. „Scheintnsicher zu sein, ich gehe mal rein\" „Passnbitte auf\" rief Andrea ihr nach. Madeline stieg in den Raum hinab.nKaum war sie in den Raum, rutschte dieser zwei Ebenen hinunter. Der anderenRaum vibrierte wieder leicht. CubenNummer : 001 625 965 Victims : Madeline FALLE EnergienFalle Erschrockennblickte sie sich um. Scheinbar lag elektrische Strahlung in der Luft,nes knisterte. An den Seitenwänden begannen ein paar Blitze zunzucken. Madeline floh in die Mitte des Raumes. „Was istnjetzt los...\" Ein paar weiße Blitze schossen durch den Raum,nprallten an der gegenüberliegenden Wand ab und sausten in einernanderen Ecke des Raumes. Madeline hockte sich auf den Boden um dennBlitzen auszuweichen. Immer mehr lud sich die Luft statisch auf, undndie grellen Strahlen vermehrten sich. Die Luft flimmerte vor lauternEnergie. Noch wurde Madeline von den Strahlen nicht berührt, annder Decke begann es jetzt auch zu funkeln und zu knistern und dienersten Blitzen zuckten auf den Boden hinab. Vom Boden schossen schonn2 Energienentladungen nach oben. Wienfestgefroren blieb sie am Boden in der Nähe der Luke sitzen. DienBlitze vom Boden und der Decke vermehrten sich, und schließlichnwurde Madeline von einem Blitz der von der Decke kam getroffen undnaufgelöst... CubenNummer : 350 X8 Z4 Victims : Sabine,nAndrea, Evelyn \"Verdammtnder Raum istnweg\" Andrea war hinauf geklettert und sah gerade noch wie sich dernRaum hinunter verschoben hatte. „Ichnsuche sie\" rief sie. „Wirnsollten zusammenbleiben\" Andrea ließ sich nicht auf dasnAngebot von Sabine ein und kletterte durch die Bodenluke hinab. „Dannnwarten wir hier, sie weiß die Raumnummer und wenn sich der Raumnnicht auch nicht verschiebt, findet sie sicher zurück\" „Gut,ndann bleiben wir vorerst hier\" erwiderte Evelyn, sie wollte so undnso nicht wieder hinunterklettern. CubenNummer : 509 659 829 Victims : Andrea FALLE Strahlung Andreanstieg die Leiter hinab. Ober ihr glitt die Luke zu. Ohne dass sie esnmerkte, kamen aus den Wänden unsichtbare Strahlen. „Ichnsollte noch einen Raum runterklettern\" sprach sie zu sich selbst.nSie wollte die Bodenluke öffnen, doch diese klemmte. Langsamnmerkte sie das ihr schwindelig wurde. Alles verschwamm vor ihrennAugen und sie kippte um. „Was istnjetzt los...\" murmelte sie noch. Ihr wurde ganz seltsam zumute undnsie verlor komplett die Orientierung. Einen Moment später kipptensie um und wurde ohnmächtig. Der Raumnbewegte sich ebenfalls wieder weg, anscheinend wollten Mara undnMartina keine Spuren hinterlassen. Irgendwonin einem Gebäude Fast wieneine Eingebung schoss es ihr den Kopf, „meine Freunde\" murmeltensie, „ich muss sie da rausholen\" Da dienLeute ihr ein paar Sachen zu ihrem Gedächtnis hinzugefügt –naber andere weggelöscht hatten, wusste sie auf einmal dennNotausgangsraum wieder. Jenny sprang aus dem Bett und stürmte innden Gang. Niemand schenkte ihr Beachtung, keiner wusste, dass siensich doch an etwas erinnerte. Als ob nenArmee hinter ihr her wäre flitzte sie durch die Gänge,nendlich sah sie einen Aufzug und sprang hinein – der Lift fuhr mitnihr hinab. CubenNummer : unwichtig Victims : Jenny Es dauertennicht lange und sie konnte in den ersten Raum klettern. Jenny hattenden Aufzug benutzt und war so schnell sie konnte wieder in den Cubengesprungen CubenNummer : 126 126 126 Victims : Sabine,nEvelyn, Jenny Jennynstieg gerade in den Raum hinein, als sie auf der gegenüberliegendennSeite eine Tür aufgehen sah. „Gehnnicht rein\" rief wer. „Unsinn,nerwiderte sie, das ist der Ausgangsraum geht rein und wartet hierneinfach, vertraut mir bitte. Wenn ich bei euch bleibe, gefährdenich euer Leben erst recht, \" rief sie rasch. Sabine undnEvelyn schauten sich perplex an. „Ichndenke wir sollten hineinklettern\" Jennynwartete noch, bis die Zwei im Raum waren, denn sie hatte noch einenwichtige Mitteilung für sie. „Wennnihr draußen seit, so schnell wie möglich in ein Spital,nlasst euch den Chip entfernen, den ihr im Kopf habt – sonst findenndie euch wieder und stecken euch wieder hier rein, das Spiel gehtnsicher so lange, bis ihr hier ums Leben kommt. Ich bin schon dasnzweite Mal hier. Viel Glück\" Jennynkletterte etwas zurück. CubenNummer : 126 126 126 Victims : Sabine,nEvelyn Noch bevornSabine und Evelyn etwas sagen konnten, war sie auch schon wiedernverschwunden. „Hoffentlichngeht alles gut\" Sabine blickte noch etwas entgeistert zu Evelyn, sonals hätten sie gerade ein Gespenst gesehen. FünfnMinuten später raste der Raum runter – ganz runter. Er bewegtensich auf der untersten Ebene ziemlich in die Mitte und verharrtendort. Überwachungszentrale „Verdammt,nsie sind im Ausgangsraum, ich hasse es\" Martina fluchte. „Beruhigndich, die Jäger finden sie bestimmt, weit können sie nichtnkommen, auch Jenny haben sie wieder gefangen.\" Mara versuchte sienaufzumuntern. „Wo dunJenny erwähnst, die ist in den Cube geklettert und hat es dennBeiden gesagt wie sie rauskommen, jetzt stirbt sie sicher, ich lassensie nicht rausholen, die kann tun was sie will\" Martina zeterte –nsie hätte Jenny gern im Team gehabt aber so nicht. Nun solltensie dann bei der Reinigung sterben, und das wäre qualvoller alsnjede Falle. „CLEANnSWEEP startet in 10 Minuten\" gab der Computer bekannt. „Nanendlich\" Martina seufzte und lehnte sich entspannt zurück. CubenNummer : unwichtig Victims : Jenny Sienwusste, das sie jetzt mächtig Ärger bekommen würde,nscheinbar wahllos turnte Jenny durch die Räume, doch sie wusstenwohin sie klettern wollte. Niemals hatte sie sich geschworen würdensie, für dieses Volk hier arbeiten, lieber würde sie sichnhier umbringen, und zwar so, das sie, sie nicht mehr retten konnten. „Hoffentlichnhaben es die zwei geschafft\" dachte sie als sie wieder in einennanderen – sicheren Raum kletterte. Schon eine geraume Zeit stiegnsie durch die Räume, um einen ganz bestimmten aus den rundn15.000 Räumen zu finden. Sie wusste zirka wo er sein müsste. CubenNummer : 10C S5 KE Victims : Jenny, FALLE Sushimaschine Siencheckte die Nummer, das war der Raum, in dem sie vorher mit Mara war,nund es war auch die Falle in der sie schon vorher sterben wollte. Jennynwusste dass der Clean Sweep jeden Moment einsetzen würde, undnwollte sich noch vor dem in die Falle begeben, es war besser schnellnzu sterben als bei lebendigem Leib geröstet zu werden. „Ichnhoffe die zwei kommen raus und können sich retten\" murmeltennoch Jenny, sie saß schon in der Tür zu der Falle undnblickte hinein. Langsamnkletterte Jenny die Leiter hinab und ging auf die gegenüberliegendenWand zu. Die scharfen Eisenstäbe kamen aus dem Boden heraus undnumgaben sie rasch. „Ihrnbekommt mich nicht\" murmelte sie noch. Sie spürte noch kurz,nwie die Eisenstäbe in ihre Haut schnitten, mehr bekam Jennynnicht mehr mit, am Boden des Raumes lagen verstreut nur mehr dünnngeschnittene Einzelteile,... CubenNummer : 126 126 126 Victims : Sabine,nEvelyn „Was istndas denn\" Es klackte auf einmal und alle Türen öffnetennsich. In der Bodenluke konnten die Zwei Wasser sehen. „Freiheit\"njubelte Sabine, sie konnte es nicht fassen. „DienFrau hat nicht gelogen, also raus mit uns\" Sabine und Evelynnsprangen ins Wasser und tauchten tief hinab Überwachungszentrale „Siensind zwar entkommen, aber ich denke nicht mehr lange\" Mara schautenauf den Countdown. In wenigen Minuten, würde alles was noch imnCube ist zu Asche und von dem heißen Wind hinaus geblasennwerden. Der heißenLuftzug fegte durch die Räume und nahm alles mit, was je annOpfer erinnern würde. „DasnSpiel kann von neuen beginnen\" Freiheitn?!? Prustendntauchten die Beiden im Meer auf, rund einen halben Kilometer entferntnkonnten sie einen Strand sehen. „Dasnschaffen wir, wir haben schon viel durchgemacht, also stehen wir dasnauch noch durch.\" Evelyn und Sabine begannen den weiten weg zumnUfer zu schwimmen. Sie blickten sich um, keiner folgte ihnen, vomnCube war auch nichts zu sehen – es war sehr geheimnisvoll. „Es istnnicht mehr weit...\" Todmüdenschleppten sich die zwei ans Ufer und blieben erschöpft im Sandnliegen. „Wirnmüssen weiter, nicht das die uns finden\" Am Strand war niemandnzu sehen. „Das istnhier wirklich sehr sehr einsam\" meinte Sabine, während sie dennWeg entlangliefen. Ein Jeepnfuhr an ihnen vorbei, ohne zu halten brauste er weiter die Straßenentlang. Der Fahrer warf nur einen kurzen Blick auf die Frauen undnaktivierte dann ein Ortungssystem. Victims Sabine,nAlter 34 Evelyn,nAlter 14 Ortungnerfolgreich. Der Mannnhatte sie zwei Frauen schon lang hinter sich gelassen, beobachtetensie aber am Navigationssystem. Er bog mit quietschenden Reifen inneinen Seitenweg ein und hielt vor einer Villa. Ernschnappte sich den Datenchip und rannte hinein. „Sir,nzwei ihrer Opfer schauen sich gerade die Insel hier an\" „Danke,nunsere Männer sind schon unterwegs\" ","Summary":" Vorwortrn/ Einleitung Erstmalrnnochmals: Danke, das ihr in meiner Geschichte mitspielt. Teilweisern"},{"Movie":"Legend, 2015","Title":"Insanity runs in my family","Author":"XXskittles89XX","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11707355","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Will you please promise me one thing won't you Alex?\" My closest friend asked as I sipped tea quitely in her kitchen. I smiled softly and looked at her over my cup, with an incline of my head I urged her to carry on. \"Lily. I am worried about her coming home, will you promise me you won't let yourself fall back into your bad habits when she returns?\" She continued her eyes filled with worry. \"Francis dear, Lily may be my sister, but I am not going to follow her into a useless battle\" I laughed before placing my cup down gently. \"That's what you said last time and as so many times before, Lily swaggers in starts a fight which you then have to finish for her. I know how it works Alex, I see the same loyalty in my Reggie for his brother Ronnie. It's apparently a twin thing\" she said with a slight sigh. She had spoken to me about the man she was courting Reggie and his twin brother Ronnie, I'm not sure what she wanted from me when she confided in me. After all she was preaching to a preacher, I understood the loyalty Reggie had for Ronnie and vice versa. It was something only a twin would understand. \"Francis, there is bond between twins especially identical twins that can not be broken. You must understand that if your to ever have a relationship with Reggie\" I said softly placing my hands on hers \"it would be undeniably cruel if you were to ask him to choose between you and his brother\" I finished giving her hand a gentle squeeze. \"Alex, you should come and meet Reggie, I have spoke of you to him and he is keen to meet you. Even more so when I told him you were a twin as well\" Francis grinned happily, practically begging me with her eyes. \"Fine OK, I have an hour before I have to collect Lily. If you are that desperate to introduce me to him then I can go now\" I sighed with a playful smile. Francis's face almost split in half with a smile when I agreed, she shot around the table and threw her arms around my neck tightly. I laughed softly and placed my hands over her hands, a knock at the door broke our embrace and Francis gasped softly and stepped forward. \"That's Reg's knock\" she beamed before dashing down the hall, she stopped at the door and straightened her dress; receiving a short laugh from me before she opened up the door. I could make out a man's voice drifted down to the kitchen, followed by Francis's laugh. I rolled my eyes slightly at her girlish flirting. \"Alex! Come meet Reg\" Francis called from the door an evident smile on her face. With a slight roll of my eyes I rose from my seat before rounding the table and heading towards the front door, just before I reached it I was almost ploughed down by Francis's older brother Frankie. \"Hello Alexandra\" he smiled with a slight blush to his cheeks. \"Honestly Frankie, how many times must I tell you call my Alex. No need for formalities with us\" I smiled patting his shoulder and carried on to Francis. \"Reggie, I want you to meet my oldest friend. Alex Lea\" Francis grinned as I neared the door, she hooked her hand under my elbow and yanked me forward; almost throwing me to the floor at Reggie's feet. With a quick glance she quickly let go and offered me a cheeky grin, a grin I couldn't help but return. I turned and gave my attention to the man in the doorstep, and offered him a soft smile. \"Hello Reggie, I have heard a lot about you\" I said happily as I offered my hand to shake, which was quickly turned and a kiss was placed on my back of my hand. \"As I you Miss Lea\" he smiled. I laughed softly and reached for my bag which I had placed by the front door, before stepping out of the door to the street. My lack of height being revealed, when I couldn't even see over Reggie's shoulder. \"Well well, Francis. Looks like you found yourself a real gentleman, don't let him slip away now will you\" I laughed patting her hand \"now if you'll please excuse me I must go and collect Lily\" I smiled before stepping away from the love birds, and strolling towards my old realiabe car. Turned the engine over and pulled away, while saving to a nervous looking Francis. \"I'll be fine Francis, Lily is a teddy bear\" I yelled out of my car window with a laugh. Lily was finally coming home.[Chapter 2] There she was, my partner in crime, my mirror image. A shrill whistle from me was all that was needed to catch her attention, she turned and her sky blue eyes looked onto my identical ones. A huge grin spread over her face and she rushed across train station and threw herself at me, my arms snaked around her back and a contented smile played across my lips. \"Missed you Alex\" she signed pulling back to loom me in the face \"father sends his love\" she added as she linked her SRM though mine and shouldered her bag. \"On Lily, I really don't know why you waste your time with him. He is a waste of space, who only cares about himself\" I sighed with a shake of my head. \"Because Alex he's our dad, we don't get another. I think you should talk to him\" Lily said softly squeezing my arm. \"Not going to happen Lily, you know we can't be in the same room without trying to kill each other. By all means Lily go on seeing him, but do not expect the same for me\" I lectured calmly Our talks turned quickly from the man she called father to catching up, before long we were parking the car outside our mother's house. Our laughter ringing from the car, my eyes full of fun and love I glanced at my sister before pushing her shoulder and climbing out of the car. \"Alex!\" Called the voice of my third favourite person in the world, Francis. I turned with a warm smile just in time to steady myself before she threw her arms around me, I closed my arms around her and glanced up to see Reggie laughing softly at us. I smiled and gave him a quick wave which he returned, I patted Francis on the shoulder and turned to follow Lily who'd already entered the house; only to have Francis grab my arm. \"Please don't forget what we spoke about Alex. I worry about you, please don't give me reason to worry\" she muttered softly. \"Francis please I'm fine, I am going to be fine. You have no reason to worry at all\" I smiled patting her cheek with a wink, before turning and entering the house. I knew she wouldn't not worry, it had taken Francis actually one hour before she knocked on the door inviting me and Lily out to a club. Not to just any club either but to Reggie and his brothers, no doubt so she could keep an eye on Lily and me. I mean you have one mental breakdown and everyone thinks your made of glass. It didn't take a lot of convincing to get Lily to come out, so at half 8 we were walking into the club flanked by Francis's brother, the first thing I noticed was the amount of people there; secondly was my name being shouted across club. Next thing I knew my arm was grabbed by Francis, I in turn grabbed Lily's hand and allowed myself to be draged though the crowd, I in turn dragged Lily. \"Look who's here Reggie, Alex and her sister Lily\" she beamed pulling me forward as I pulled Lily with me. My smiled softly at reggie, before my eyes landed on Ronnie his brother. Twins. Ronnie laughed happily as his eyes darted between myself and Lily. \"Twins Reg, identical twins\" Ronnie laughed while clapping his hands. \"Yes, we have been told we look alike, but I guess it takes a twin to know a twin\" I laughed softly. \"I like her Reggie, she seems like a good laugh\" Ronnie laughed. That's how the friendship with Ronnie kray began.[Chapter 3] I spent the entire evening happily chatting Ronnie and Reggie, getting to know the boys Francis was getting herself involved with. They seemed like alright guys, Ronnie was a little out there; but who was I too judge. On top of that my eyes were constantly sweeping the club keeping my eyes on Lily, as small as she was she could cause trouble remarkably quickly. \"So tell me Alex, why haven't I seen you around lately\" Ronnie asked leaning over as Reggie went to dance with Francis. I peeled my eyes away from Lily who was flirting like she does, gave Ronnie a smile before taking a swig of my drink. \"Well Ronnie Kray, you haven't seen me in a while because I haven't been around\" I laughed \"I've been away, for my...\" I began but was cut off by a yell. Not just any yell, Lily. Quick as a flash I was on my feet scanning looking for my twin sister, it didn't take me long. I spotted her being pulled towards the door by some guy, I'd never seen him before, but my guess he didn't take to well to being told to move on by Lily. \"Excuse me\" I said to Ronnie before sliding around the table and hurrying towards the door, I could hear Francis calling my name in desperation. I turned and locked my eyes with hers for a split second, telling her I was sorry. Before spinning on my heels and carrying on after Lily. I did notice though Ronnie slide out from the table, and Reggie step forward towards me. But I had no time see what they were doing, Lily needed me. I burst though the door of the club, my head spinning left and right until finally I spotted them. This guy was dragging Lily down the street, practically carrying her. My face instantly scowled, and my fisted balled up and my nostrils flared. With the anger now flowing though me, all I saw was red. \"Hey! You deaf!? Can't you hear the lady saying no!\" I yelled as I stalked after them, I was faintly aware of the door banging behind me. Then the man who had his grubby hands on my sister made the biggest mistake, he laughed at me. Gave me a up down look before turning away. His second mistake, I growled slightly under my breath before storming after them. As I caught up I gathered all my strength and shoved him as hard as I could, as he turned I swung with a devastating right hook connecting spot on with his jaw. He stumbled back before tripping and landing on his backside. \"Now, fuck off!\" I snarled before grabbing lily's wrist and turning, to be met with two pairs of clapping hands. My still hazy with anger eyes locked onto the Kray twins, my eyes quickly cleared and I offered them a genuine smile. \"That's quite a right hook you have Alex\" Reggie laughed patting my shoulder. I smiled happily at them before turning to glare at Lily, giving her a glare that would make even the hardest man's blood run cold. She knew I would always save her skin, the problem was, what happens when I'm not there to save it? The hardest thing about walking back into that club, was the look I received from Francis. I felt like a was a child who had disobeyed her mother, I gave her an apologetic smile and fixed my glass to her before being pulled back into the chat I was having with Ronnie. This time with Lily safely by my side.[Chapter 4] Hope your enjoying my little story, the chapters will get longer soon so keep an eye out :-) The next day I found out the grubby guy who had his hands all over Lily was called Martin Hopes, I also found out that Ron and Reg had roughed him up for messing around at their bar. If one thing good came out of that confrontation between me and Martin, it was the Lea twins will always have each other's back and one of us has a nasty right hook. Although Lily was one for starting trouble, she was not a fighter; she was far from. Me on the other hand had quick fists and a short temper, people where always surprised to find I was a fighter. But like Francis said to me once, looks can be deceiving. Deceiving I was, at barely 5 feet and weighing just over 100 pounds I didn't look like much of a threat, but what I lacked in size I made up for in pure fighting spirit and speed. \"Alex? Can I have a quick word?\" I turned to the voice and sighed softly when I came face to face with Reggie, of course Francis would send him to talk to me. \"Of course Reg, what can I do for you?\" I asked softly. He quickly fell into step with me and walked at my side with his hands in his pockets. \"Let me guess, Francis is worried about me, she wants to make sure I am ok? Well I can assure you I am ok\" I smiled. \"Yes Alex she is worried about you, apparently last night wasn't the first time you've smacked someone for messing with Lily. Now Alex I know all about the loyalty of twins after all I am one, but you have to be careful, you never know who you might be getting involved with\" Reggie sighed before patting my shoulder and striding off. I rolled my eyes at his retreating back before carrying onto meet the reason behind our little chat, Lily. \"Right, you. We have got to talk\" I snarled as I entered my mother's kitchen which currently sat Lily. Lily's eyes shot up and her face instantly fell, she knew this was coming and she knew I'd come down on her hard. She jumped out of her chair quick as a flash, to make a quick exit if she needed to I surpose. \"Lily this has got to stop,I have promised people I won't fight for you any more, and then the first night your back you make me break that promise\" I ranted \" and before you give me to, I didn't ask you to get involved speech. Your my sister, what was I meant to do! Sort it, before I do\" I yelled before storming from the house and slamming the door behind me. I very rarely lost it with Lily, but when I did it is always brutal. I had learnt a while ago my best course of action as to say my piece and leave, other it ended up as a fist fight; that she always lost. All I wanted was for her to take things alittle more seriously, I swung my head back and collided with the front door causing me to curse quietly. How was I going to keep little miss trouble maker out of trouble, I yelled loudly before kicking away from the door and wondered down the street. I was in dire need of a stiff drink, I had been promised a round by Ronnie at the club last night. That's were I was heading.[Chapter 5] Now I wasn't one for admitting when I was wrong, I normally just ignored it and hoped it would go away on its own. This time though, it wouldn't go away. Francis was right about Lily, I would always save her skin even if it risked my own. The night I had thumped Martin showed that, but apparently she hadn't learnt her lesson. The very same week she was up to her old tricks again, causing trouble and mischief. Unfortunately this time I was having tea with Francis, the twins and Violet their mother. A loud bang on the front door had both twins on their feet instantly, but it was my name that was yelled though the door. All eyes were on me, I gulped under the pressure before apologising and hurrying to the door. As I swung it open a small scream escaped my mouth as Lily fell at my feet, followed by the thundering footsteps of Ron and Reg. Her face was bruised and bloody, someone had given her quite a beating. I couldn't take my eyes off her, my fingers made their way to stroke the side of her face on their own accord; as a few stray tears escaped my eyes. That was when I noticed the piece of paper screwed up in her hand, leaning over I gently took it and moved slightly so Lily could rest her head on my lap, before unfolding the note with haste. 'Let this be a warning, next time we won't be so nice' I read it twice before I ringed hand appeared by my head and took the note from me, someone had attacked lily. Someone had attacked Lily, someone who knew to strike when I wasn't around. Thats when my eyes drifted down to her abdomen, blood was seeping from her cloths. Carefully lifting her shirt my eyes landed on a deep knife wound. My brain wasn't working properly, my twin sister was sat in my arms after being attacked. Something clicked in the back of my mind, while an animalistic snarl sounded from my throat. I moved Lily slightly so she was sat in the doorway of the krays, and almost leapt from the house. Anger did not begin to explain what I was feeling, it was more like blind rage. \"Alex!\" I heard someone shout, but my mind was so clouded I had no clue where it came, not that I cared. My arm was suddenly pulled back causing me to stumble a few steps backwards, my head span round fury swirling in my eyes. Reggie had pulled me back, no doubt on Francis's request. \"I know, I would feel exactly the same if someone jumped Ron, but your walking in blind. You have no idea what your getting into. Let me and Ron do some digging we'll find out what happened to Lily\" he said quietly. I took a deep breath and tried to calm myself, I knew he was right but the anger swirling around my mind wouldn't listen. A single tear fell down my cheek and I groaned angrily, but before I could react I found myself encased in Reggie's arm. I gripped the back of his shirt tightly like my life depended on it, come to think of it, it properly did. Someone had not only given Lily a beating, they had stabbed her for good measure. Who ever it was had better be good at running because I am going to find them and when I do, I will make them regret ever crossing the Lea twins.[Chapter 6] I wasn't sure how to write this chapter so forgive me if it seems a little scattered, also Ron is a little ooc in this chapter but just go with it, it's a bonding chapter. My body felt numb, my mind was void. I felt like merely a shell if who i should be, my dull eyes were latched on to my twin sister who was linked up to all sorts of machines. My throat was dry and sore and my head was creasing, over the last couple of hours I had felt myself starting to shut down. 'Alex, we've come to see you and Lily\" said a gentle voice from my right, my head slowly feel to the side at the sound and my lifeless eyes took in the three people before me. Francis was obviously there she always was there for me, by her side stood Reggie another sight I had become accustom too. Lastly was Ron bringing up the rear, he had barely left my side since Lily's attack; almost like he knew I was feeling fragile and in need of some extra support. \"The bang she took to her head was worse than we first thought. The doctors have done all they can, it's up to her now. They also said that the stab wound is not deep enough nor in an area that will cause her any serious complications. The doctors also said she may have some brain damage when she comes round\" I said in a monotone voice, before allowing my head to fall back to watching Lily. \"Miss Lea?\" I turned my head slightly and glanced at an elderly man who'd just entered the room carrying a clip board \"my name is Dr Thomas Caine and I would like to have a quick chat with you, if you can spare the time\" he finished. My mind slowly began to turn over and work slightly, I had heard that name before but I couldn't quite place it. Suddenly my eyes shot open to the size of saucers and I leapt from my chair and dove towards Ron, not without seeing the slight panic in Reg's face. \"No! I have been perfectly sound for just over two years I will not submit myself now!\" I screamed standing behind Ron and leaning around him while holding his arm, my eyes that were so dead before where now screaming in fear and anger. \"Please Miss Lea, if you would just cooperate. We will have you sorted and back with your sister within the hour\" the doctor said in a calm relaxed voice, but all I heard was him trying to belittle and make fun of me. \"No! I will not!\" I yelled burying my head into Ron's arm, something I had quickly learnt not alot of people would get awat with, but I was one of them. \"You heard the lady, now scram\" Ron grumbled as he placed an arm around my shoulder in a comforting gesture. Suddenly my eyes narrowed and pure fury seemed to roll off me, as I lifed my head from Ron and took a step forward; letting Ron's arm fall from my shoulder. \"Get Out!\" I screamed and reached forward to grab a vase I had brought for Lily and launched it at the doctor, narrowly missing his head \"I am not controlled by my condition\" I hissed. He didn't need much more convincing; he made quite a hasty exit after that. That was when my mind started to clear and I remembered that I wasn't in the room alone, I turned and and took in the pale face of Francis and the concerned faces of Ron and Reg. With a gentle scowl to myself I turned and stalked out of the room to the nearest toilets. Just what I . \"Alex! Wait, care to explain\" I was suddenly pulled to a stop by Ron. \"Why so you can have a good laugh? Are you looking for a laugh Ron? Something you can hold over my head, like so many before you? Well here it is, I have borderline personality disorder. So go ahead, laugh it up Ronald Kray\" I hissed before pulling free of his grasp and storming off as tears escaped my angry eyes.[Chapter 7] The anger that now flowed though me had replaced the feelings of loss and despair, that doctor had at least done one thing right; that was reawakening the thoughts I should be having. Finding the fool who'd jumped Lily, and making them regret it. If there was one thing I would see to even if it killed me, it was making that person pay dearly. The second thought to drift into my mind was the fact that he knew, I had told him in a fit of scared rage. He now knew something that not even Francis knew the whole story of, thoughts began running though my mind; I knew without doubt I would end up regretting telling Ronald Kray about my condition. My eyes suddenly intensified at the thought of finding the person behind Lily's attack, if it was as the last thing I did, I would make sure they regretted ever laying a finger on Lily. With a sound that can only be described as that of an angry dog snarl, I stormed from the cubicle I was currently using and marched from the toilets. I wasn't going back to Lily's room I couldn't, I knew they would all still be there, and by now Ron would have spilt the beans on my mental state. I didn't have the energy to to face Francis's questioning face or confused manner. No as much as it upset me to leave without saying goodbye to Lily, I could always come back later. Besides while it was back in my mind, I had to find out who'd done this to Lily. Without really thinking about my next move, I found myself outside the hospital my eyes scanning mysurroundings. Where do I start? Where do I go from here? I had no clue how to start figuring out Lily's last moves, I knew for a fact no one was going to step up and say yes it was me. Then a horrible thought hit me, I won't be able to do this without the twins influence. With a frustrated groan I threw my head back and padded back into the hospital, might as well get it over with. \"Alex! I was getting worried, where did you go?\" Asked a panicked Francis as I entered Lily's room, I scowled slightly not looking forward to the inevitable conversation. \"Just the rest room\" I replied softly playing with the hem of my shirt, my nervous eyes moved and locked onto an understanding Ronnie's. He hadn't told anyone, I offered a small smile and was relived to receive one in return. I said my goodbyes to Lily and kissed her forehead tenderly, before moving a strand of dark hair from her face. I wouldn't openly admit it to anyone, but I was scared no terrified that this was it. What if Lily didn't came back? I shook my head lightly and pinched the bridge of my nose, if that was the case who ever had done this to her will go down with her. A shadow suddenly appeared over my shoulder and blocked out any light, I stiffened and turned my head to the side to see Ronnie stood there, hands in his pockets glancing around the room. \"Your secret is safe with me love\" he said in his slurred speech before patting my shoulder softly and turning to leave the room after Reg and francis who'd already left \"oh and Reg and I will help find out who put Lily there, as soon as we do you'll be the first to know\" he finished before nodding slightly and leaving the room. I stayed for a moment stroking Lily's cheek affectionately, at that moment I vowed that the moment I found out who'd done it and anyone who was involved, I would kill them no questions asked. With that I turned and left the room quietly.[Chapter 8] Over the next few weeks myself and Ronnie become almost inseparable, where you'd find one of us you'd normally find the other not far away. Anyone would have been forgiven for thinking us a courting couple, I was either always on his arm or perched on his knee. Not that everyone liked this new found bond between us, those people always had thing or two to say about it. The main ones being Reggie and Francis, they were worried I would get caught up in one of Ronnie's rages and get hurt. No matter how many times I told them I was fine, they just wouldn't let it lie. I became his anchor on reality keeping him grounded, he surprisingly become my voice of reason, well sometimes he did. Other times he gave me devilishly evil ideas, and as much as I hated it at first now I loved it. Mote ways to hurt the poor fools who thought it wise to attack Lily. My personality slowly began to change as well the more time I spent with Ron, my personality disorder was beginning down a toad of no return. The worst thing was I could see it happening, and I couldn't convince myself yo care. I stopped taking my medication, which resulted in me becoming snappy and irritable. If anyone dared look at me in a way I felt was threatening, they received a verbal tongue lashing from me. Once or twice Ron thumped someone for upsetting me, which normally I would object to but now I found it sweet. \"Alex can I have a quick word?\" Francis asked, she had almost instantly made her way over when Ron and I made our way into the club, Reg in tow as always. \"Of course\" I smiled vacating my seat on Ron's knee and following an already leaving Francis. I followed her to the other side of the club, where she stopped and turned to me with a look of concern. \"I don't think it's healthy for you to spend so much time with Ron\" she blurted out her eyes boring into my own \"he's dangerous\" I rolled my eyes and sighed softly, I should have seen this coming. The looks she has been sending my way the last few weeks gave her away, I rubbed my eyes roughly before returning my gaze to her. \"Francis, Ron understands me on a level no one else can, I need him just like you need Reg. The only difference is your relationship with Reg is romantic, mine with Ron is out of companionship\" I muttered as my eyes started to wonder around the club, not wanting to meet the gaze of the woman before me. \"Your mum told me about the medication you've been on Alex, are you still taking it?\" Francis asked softly, placing a gentle hand on my shoulder. My eyes widened suddenly, and they bore into the a timid looking Francis. With a single move and yanked my arm from her grasp and scowled softly at her. \"That Francis is none of your business, and I would appreciate if you kept yourself out of my business. Don't go sniffing around again\" I warned giving her a final glare before turning on my heels and stalking away, I glared at Reg as well as I passed him on his way to check on Francis; I had left her rather shaken. \"Ron, I'm am going to take off\" I whispered softly leaning down and whispering into his ear, he gave me a short nod and a quick peck on the cheek. After my goodbye to Ron, I made a hasty exit. Francis had left me in a rather a foul mood, and being around people was not something I wanted at the moment. I'd go home and go to bed, hopefully I'd wake up in a better mood.[Chapter 9] A couple of hours later I found myself pacing around my bedroom, muttering angrily to myself. Who an earth did Francis think she was? I brought my hands up and rubbed my banging head, I thought by removing myself from the situation I'd calm down. I hadn't, my mood had gone from angry to near murderous. I sighed softly and sat on my bed, before pulling my hair over my shoulder and quickly braiding it and securing it with a band. If any time was perfect to try and track down Lily's attacker, it was now. The mood I was in at the moment, heaven help the fool if I found them. I slowly stood and stretched my back out, hearing it crack slightly. Suddenly a bang sounded at my window, which caused my head to spin round, with a slight frown I wondered over grabbing my dressing gown. I pulled my curtains open and pushed the window up to stick my head out, a soft smile spread over my face when I saw Ron stood there. \"Alex, I have some news about Lily's attack\" he called up. My smile instantly dropped, my blue eyes shining murderously. This was big, and blood is going to spill tonight if I got my way. \"Give me 5 minutes and I'll be down\" I called back, before pulling my head back in and rushing around my room grabbing cloths. Within minutes I was stood in front of Ron, my eyes shining with angry tears. \"What do you know Ron?\" I asked, as he placed his hand on the small of my back and lead me towards a waiting car \"I have been given a tip off by a reliable source that a man has been in a local bar running his gums about Lily's attack\" Ron said once we were in the car \"we're going to go pay him a visit\" My mind began racing at the concept of finding Lily's attacker, my hands started wringing together nervously, until Ron patted my hand calmly. My eyes watched the scenery past, trying to figure out where we were heading. Ten minutes later the car came to a stop and my eyes flickered around, until Ron pointed out a old run down looking pub. My eyes honed in on it becoming almost hawk like, unblinking and stern. \"That's him Ron Steve Flint\" the driver said with a simple nod of his head, my eyes instantly bored into him taking all his features into account. Red hair, tall frame, shuffle like walk. \"Come on then Alex, lets find out what this guy knows\" Ron slurred as he opened the car door and climbed out, I climbed out straight after and stood at his shoulder. I made sure to keep Ron on my left hand side, with my hand brushing against his as we walked. Touching him somehow calmed me and kept my mind clear. Just before we reached Steve, Ron flung his shoulder over my shoulder and pulled me into his side tightly. I automatically snaked my arm around his waist, under his jacket; once again to the untrained eye we would look like a couple. If he did this for protection reason or to make sure I wasn't messed with I wasn't sure, but I felt better for it. \"Steve Flint? Ron called as we neared him lighting a cigarette, he turned slightly and gave Ron a what look \"we'd like a word with you\" he said in an eerily calm voice. At this statement his eyes moved from Ron to me, the moment he took on my features he visibly paled and muttered something under his breath. Something that sounded oddly like my name. My eyes narrowed dangerously while I took a step forward, Ron's hand quickly coming up and grabbing mine. \"What do you know about my sisters attack? Lily Lea? Sound familiar? I hissed, feeling Ron squeeze my hand gently. \"I..I...I don't know what your talking about\" he stuttered before standing a little taller, trying to make himself appear bigger. \"I believe the lady asked you a question\" Ron snarled pulling me back to his side \"so you can either just tell us what you know, or I'll beat it out of you. Your choice?\" Ron continued. Steve looked left and right before sighing softly and letting his shoulders sag, clearly he wasn't a fighter. \"Lily wasn't the intended mark, it was you Alex. Someone made a mistake and thought she was you\" Steve started slowly \" by the time the mistake was noticed the attack was done\" he said. \"So you telling me, my sister is laying in a hospital bed. Fighting for the life. Because of a case of mistaken identity? I said slowly, as my eyebrow began to twitch. I closed my eyes a tightly and pinched the bridge of my nose \"who committed the attack?\" I asked. I felt Ron move slightly to stand closer to my side and place a hand on my shoulder, a soft touch to my right caused me to glance over my shoulder and frowned slightly. Reg? \"Alex asked you a question and it would be in your best interest to answer quickly\" Reg said calmly, as he too placed a hand on my shoulder \"I don't know who did it\" he said with a nervous gulp. An angry snarl escaped my throat as I launched forward, grabbing his collar in one hand and yanking him down to my level, before throwing a punch to his face and throwing him to the floor with all my might. Once on the floor I quickly straddled him and sat on his chest and delivered two more devastating shots to his face, before placing my hands around his throat. \"Who attacked lily!\" I screamed, almost nose to nose with him. \"Martin...It was Martin. He organised it\" Steve gurgled under my hands. I scowled angrily before pulling him up and smashing my forehead into his nose, splitting it open and causing it to gush blood\" I climbed off his chest and gave him a quick kick to the ribs. \"II should have known\" I snarled, my eyes blazing with anger. \"Where can I fins him?\" I demanded looking between the two brothers before me. \"You need to calm down Alex. Your going to get yourself in trouble in your current state. I'll make you a deal, we'll take you home then Ron and myself will find out where Martin can be found\" Reg said softly \"we will find out and let you know tomorrow, promise\" he continued. I almost roared to frustration, before turning and booting Steve with all my force in the stomach before storming away, pushing the twins out of the way, as I mumbled about walking home alone.[Chapter 10] The next morning I groaned loudly as the sun poured into my room, assaulting my eyes. With a swift pull, I yanked the covers up over my head and sighed loudly. Finally sitting up I sat against the headboard and rubbed my eyes, on,y to pull my hands away quickly and stare at them with wide eyes. My knuckles were blooded and grazed, they also looked slightly swollen. With a angry groom I slide back down my bed, placing a pillow over my head. Well there goes me getting away without telling anyone about last nights events, well it's now or never. Slowly I climbed out of bed and shuffled across the floor, when I heard my mother yelling from down stairs. \"Alexandria, Francis is here dear\" she called. A rush of emotions suddenly came over me, anger that she meddled in my affairs, guilt for yelling at her the way I did , then worry that she'll know I'd attacked someone last night. Slowly I pulled a dressing robe around myself and secured it tightly, before leaving my room with a nervous sigh. Here goes nothing. The moment i entered the kitchen I was met by Francis's worried glance giving me the once over, momentarily landing in my swollen hands. \"hello Alex\" she murmured softly not looking me in the eyes, but rather the middle of my forehead. \"Francis\" I replied stiffly, short and sweet. I wanted to know what she wanted and why, then she could leave. \"I wanted to apologise for last night, I had no right to snoop and I was out of line for questioning you like I did\" She said softly while wringing her hands together. I sighed in slight annoyance and allowed my guard down a little, before putting my arms out and inviting her in. She needed no pushing at all, she instantly rushed into my embrace and I wrapped my arms around her tightly. \"what happened to your hands Alex?\" She asked out of the blue, I stiffened slightly as a million excuses ran though my mind. \"oh you know me, I lost my temper. Took it out on a wall\" I replied quickly, rolling my eyes as she pushed me back, holding me at arms length. I knew that look, that stern mothers look she had. She'd used it on me on more then one occasion, she knew I was lying. I had never punched a wall in my life, a face yes. Never a wall. \"You don't have to lie to me Alex, you know that\" she said \" you've clearly had fight and come off better, that much is obvious\" she finished. How do I tell her the complete truth without dropping Ron and Reg in it. She already hated Ron and this would put Reg in the fog house for sure. \"your right, I'm sorry I lied to you. Last night I heard someone say Lily's name and I lost it\" I said \"please don't be angry I feel bad enough as it is\" I finished, trying to milk it for all I could. \"Alexandria, there's a man at the door for you\" my mother called suddenly, I hadn't even heard a knock. Francis span and grinned at me with wide eyes before dashing off, me rushing after her in a panic. There was only one man that could be. \"Ron?\" Francis said with clear distaste in her voice, I rushed up behind her sliding slightly on the door mat. \"hello Alex, I have some news for you\" he smiled with his hands in his pockets. My eyes danced from Ron to Francis, my worry back again. If anyone would tell Francis about last nights events it was Ron, just to rub in that I still fought behind her back. \"oh well look at the time Francis. Don't you have to meet Reg for lunch?\" I asked curiously, moving inch by inch do my body was between her and Ron. \"yes. Yes I do\" she mumbled finally taking her steely gaze off of Ron. Once she'd left I sighed in relief, and invited Ron in before setting about making tea. If the news was about Lily, I had to be ready. \"Reg and I tracked Martin down\" he started as I took a seat placing a cup in front of Ron and taking a sip of my own \"he made a rather hasty exit when we started asking questions about Lily\" he finished. I took a deep breath and closed my eyes tightly as my hands began to shake, suddenly I jumped to my feet with a scream and threw my cup against the wall, where it shattered. \"everything alright Alexandria\" my mother called from the living room. \"Sorry mum, dropped a cup\" I replied after slowing my breathing \"so he knows something\" I growled angrily to Ron, clenching my fists. Ron moved slightly and did something completely unexpected, he placed his hand over mine and patted it softly. Before pulling me towards him and putting his arm around my shoulder. \"we'll find out what happened Alex, I give you my word\" Ron said looking me straight in the eyes. I blinked away some tears and gave him a soft smile, even though every fibre of my being was telling me not to, I trusted him.[Chapter 11] \"No more stalling Alex\" my eyes looked up from the paper I was reading \"what happened the night of your so called fight?\" Francis asked taking a seat next to me at the kitchen table. I sighed softly and leaned back in my chair before slowly folding the newspaper, stalling for as long as I possibly could. I needed to come yp with an answer to her question, and quick. \"A man was attacked two nights ago and no one knows why. Please tell me you had nothing to do with it\" she asked me quietly, her eyes boring in to my own. I took a deep breath and leant forward and folded my arms on the table, I had never felt this nervous admitting I'd hit someone before. \"I might have had something to do with it\" I finally admitted after a couple of minutes of silence. Francis's features instantly changed taking on a forced calm look, before she pushed the chair back and leant down on the table; looking down at me. \"Did Ron have anything to do with it?\" She asked quickly. \"No\" I replied quickly with no hesitation, why I was protecting him I wasn't sure but I felt I had too. \"Reg?\" She asked nervously her eyes wide with worry. \"Of course not\" I answered. I felt I owed them to keep them out of trouble, they'd already done so much. Besides they hadn't done anything they were just there. Francis seemed to except my answer for now, but it wouldn't be long before she started asking questions again. Then the last thing I needed happened. My mother. \"Oh hello Francis dear, are you keeping well\" she smiled after she was answered she turned her gaze to me \"Alexandria love, Betty said she saw you running around with those Kray twins the other night, everything ok?\" She asked. \"Yes, everything is fine. Thank you mum\" I said with clenched teeth and a forced smile. After this she smiled and left the room, like she'd done this to purposely trip me up. \"So you were with Reg and Ron that night\" Francis snapped with her hands sitting on her hips. My mind instantly started clutching at straws, trying to come up with something that would make sense. \"Well yes, I was with them at some point during the night, but they had nothing to do with the fight\" I said softly, I wasn't technically lying they hadn't had anything to do with it, while I was there anyway. \"If I found out you've lied to protect them, especially for Ron I'll make you regret it Alexandria Lea\" Francis growled before turning and leaving me sat alone. My eyes flashed in panic slightly as I watched her leave but I quickly calmed down, so long as no one saw me attack Martin or saw Ron and Reg with me we'll be fine. \"I knew it!\" Screamed a voice from the front of the house and an irate Francis came storming back \"you didn't have a fight at all you attacked that man. Then to top it off Reg and Ron were both with you! You lied to me Alex! Why?\" She demanded talking with her hands quickly. \"Right, I can explain\" I rushed without really having an explanation in mind, until out of no where it came to me \"I was with Ron and Reg that night for a couple of hours, but they had no hand in the fight\" I answered. \"Stop lying to me Alex, I can except that Ron and Reg had no hand into. But I know you were not involved on a fight. Someone saw you, they told me you attacked someone apparently unprovoked\" she demanded heatedly. That was it all I saw was red, and I felt the familiar rage begin to come over me slowly. \"Unprovoked? I hissed angrily \"Lily is laying in a hospital bed because of a case of mistaken identity. It should be me in that bed, not her\" I snapped \"that man I attacked knew all this and didn't think to tell me anything, so go ahead Francis tell me I was out of line but I won't care, and I won't apologise. Because with that attack I have sent a message, and who ever it was that took out Lily knows I know. They also know that I'm coming for them\" with a look of pure untamed rage. I took a deep breath before turning my back and walking to the door, I stopped momentarily but didn't turn around. \"I need to get out for a while, you can let yourself out right?\" I said as I left before waiting for an answer. I need to get out before I did something I'd regret, which would only result in me getting into trouble with Reg; yes I'd much rather not receive a Reg show down. What did I do now? I'd figure it out.[Chapter 12] hope your enjoying, reviews would be wonderful :-) xx I didn't remember coming home last night, clearly I did seeing as I was waking up in my own bed. I did however remember finding my way to the local pub and drinking quietly by myself, until I was joined by Ron. That's the last thing I remember clearly, up until waking this morning. Ron and I must have put some drink away last night, now I was wondering what I'd done. Before long I was up and dressed and trying to sort my hair \"Alexandria love, Ron kray is here to see you\" my mum said softly as she entered my room \"you sure have been spending alot of time with that young man lately, something you'd like to tell me?\" She smiled slyly leaning down to me. \"No there is nothing going on between Ronald Kray and myself\" I sighed \"we are just friends\" I finished as I finally managed to pull my hair up into a high ponytail. With one last glare at my mother I left her to go to the living room where she'd left Ron, as I entered I was shocked to see tge state he was in. He was pacing up and down the living room, muttering to himself and twisting his fingers together. \"Ron?\" I asked as I fully entered the room and closed the door, his eyes locked onto mine in an instant. He made a beeline for me straight away, placing his strong hands on my shoulders and held them tightly. \"They've taken him, his gone\" he said quickly though clenched teeth. My mind quickly went into overdrive, I had no idea what he meant. My first thought though, Reg. \"Who's got who Ron? Reg? Has something happened to Reg?\" I asked carefully, slowly pulling him into a chair and sitting beside him. \"They've arrested Reg on past conviction\" he mumbled. Just as I was about to reply a loud bang sounded at the front door, I gave Ron a confused look before patting his thigh abd getting up to answer it. Before I'd even got the door fully opened, arms appeared and wrapped themselves around me. It took me a couple of seconds to register it was Francis, I slowly moved my arms around her waist. I was still rather pissed with her, but I wasn't heartless. \"Alex they've arrested Reg\" she sobbed into my shoulder, which must have been rather awkward for her, seeing as I was a good 3 or 4 inches smaller then her. \"I know Ron told me\" I replied patting her back softly. She pulled back and gave me a strange look when I mentioned Ron, I cocked an eyebrow at her slightly almost daring her to bad mouth him. If we were going to continue being a close as we always have been, she'd have to except that I am friends with Ron as well. \"I thought I should come tell her in person\" Ron said as he rounded the corner. \"Ah, I see you have company, I'll come back later\" Francis said quickly when her eyes landed on him, she then turned and walked back out the still open door almost sticking her nose in the air. \"Ron, not that I am not awfully worried about Reg, but I need to ask. What happened last night? I remember meeting you at the bar and after that, nothing\" I asked softly, slowly closing the door. \"Well, we didn't have sex if that's what your worried about\" he answered in his usual droan \"you were pretty drunk when I found you we spent about an hour drinking then I brought you home, whated to make sure you were ok. You were saying you had to go see Lily though\" he finished. Damn. I'd forgotten, I'd promised my mum I'd go see her today. I gave Ron a simple look and a sweet smile, while tilting my head slightly. He rolled his eyes with a sigh and nodded, I didn't even need to ask any more. He knew what I wanted, and he was always willing to help me. The first thing I noticed as I walked into the hospital with Ron on my heels, was the looks I was getting from the nurses, or was it Ron they were looking at? I bypassed the help desk and made a beeline for Lily's room, only to be cut off by s doctor. \"Miss Lea, before you go though I need to have a word with you, in private\" he said softly eyeing Ron with slight suspicion. \"Anything you have to see to me can be said in front of Ron\" I said crossing my arms and moving back slightly, feeling Ron slide his arm over my shoulders. An hour later I was sat in a room my head on Ron's shoulder, tears falling down my eyes slightly. She was gone, brain dead. Lily was gone and she wasn't coming back, she was dead.[Chapter 13] i am so sorry I was been missing so long, I had some personal issues to resolve... Hopefully they are sorted now so look forward to more chapters :-) My mind began to run at a mile a minute, quickly taking in all the details around me. Ron at my side, two nurses chatting quietly by the reception, a couple crying softly across the way from me and a doctor slowly making his way over towards me. \"Hello Miss Lea, I know this is hard but we need to talk about what we're going to do with your sisters body\" Dead. Gone, never again would I look upon my mirror image and see her looking back. Never again would we share an inside joke, leaving those around us confused at our laughter. I lifted my head up from Ron's shoulder slowly, my cold eyes latching onto the doctors. I felt my hands held tightly by Ron in his lap, a tight squeeze letting me know he was there for me. Tears slowly began to fall down my cheeks, the situation I was in was finally beginning to settle in. Lily wasn't coming back. Ever. The doctor slowly sat beside me when his question wasn't answered and leant forward, without warning I felt something within myself snap. With a loud yell I ripped my hands from Ron's and jumped to my feet, with a swift reach I grabbed the doctors head before slamming my knee into his face three times. \"Why didn't you save her!\" I screamed in his face before throwing him to the floor. My rage had peaked, I was out of control and I loved it. A soft laubehind me caught my attention, causing me to turn and glare heatedly at Ron before striding off. \"Does anyone want to tell me why my sister Lillian Patricia Lea is dead? Any one at all?\" I screamed storming away from my seat, Ron following on my heels. \"We did everything we could miss, nothing worked. We are truly sorry for your loss\" a young nurse stummered after I'd cornered her. \"Your sorry for my loss?\" I repeated \"I'm sorry for your loss\" I snapped before threw my fist into her face, feeling her nose break under my fist. \"Sorry doesn't cover it! My sister... My twin sister is dead\" I screamed throwing the nurse to the side, causing her tears to be joined by a short help. \"Alex, technically the doctors didn't kill Lily, the person who attacked her did\" Ron whispered into my ear, causing my head to tilt towards him slowly. \"Shut up Ron!\" I snapped as my head flung back towards the hospital and took a step forward \"you may be right, they still let her die though\" I snarled. I knew it was stupid telling Ron to shut up, but I was angry. If he wanted to bash me he could, later. As that thought fan though my mind, the doctor who'd been assigned to Lily appeared laughing softly with a nurse. I saw red instantly, how dare he laugh and joke when my sister lay dead no more then ten feet away. \"Hey you!\" I shouted my eyes homing in on him. He glanced up and when his eyes meet mine his face visably paled and he stepped back, panic clear on his face. \"No you don't, we need to talk\" I grilled before rushing over grabbing the front of his coat and flung him at Ron, who grabbed the scruff of his coat with ease \" come along doctor\" I hissed as I walked off, Ron pushing the doctor along behind me. I bust into lilys final resting place and instantly felt my eyes begin to tear up. \"Why!\" I screamed in his face, as the tears began to fall again. I didn't understand, one minute my mother was things were looking up for Lily, then I was being told she had past away. \"I'm sorry Miss Lea, she took an unexpected turn early hours of this morning\" he stuttered out. Unexpected turn? My mind ran over a thousand thoughts a minute. Until my eyes landed on the doctor again, my eyes narrowed angrily and all the anger I'd been holding was released. I charged towards him landed a hard right at his face, as he went down I went with him. Minutes later I rose back to my feet, with grazed and blooded knuckles and an unconscious doctor on the floor. \"Sorry Lily\" I mumbled as I knelt at her bedside \"I am so sorry, but I promise you this who ever did this will pay, I will personally make sure of it\" I whispered as Ron placed his hand on my shoulder. \"Alexandria Lea, you are under arrest\" came a voice behind me, I sighed and glanced behind to come face to face with three armed police officers Great.[Chapter 14] I couldn't believe it, I was currently sat in the police station, with a choice to make. Either I do 12 months in prison for my breakdown, or I do 18 months at Broadmoor. I wouldn't mind but I wasn't even being given the final decision. My lawyer smiled softly at me as he packed away his papers, Ron had gratefully supplied him for me. \"Alex, this is the best I could do for you. 18 months at Broadmoor and you'll be out\" he said as he rubbed his temple \"oh and Mr Kray is waiting to see you\" he sighed before leaving the room and leaving me to my thoughts. How selfish could I be? In the space of a few hours, my mother had lost both her daughter's. I should be home now comforting her, telling her we'd be OK. I placed my arms crossed on the table and placed my head on them, my ears perked at the door opening and heavy footsteps alerted me to Ronnie's arrival. \"What am I going to do Ron\" I muttered. I felt a hand touch my shoulder gently, as the chair beside me was occupied. \"Your going to be fine Alex, Broadmoor won't break you, and you'll be out before you know it\" he replied I lived my head slightly and glanced at him from the corner of my eyes, a awful feeling suddenly coming over me again. Ron lost his twin Reg and now he's going to lose me for a while, we were the only people he could truly be himself around. \"Do me a favour Ronnie? Keep an eye on my mother. She's lost both Lily and me in the same day, she's going to need someone\" I asked slowly. \"Of course I will and like I said your going to be fine, and you'll be back home with us where you belong in no time\" he smiled before standing up. I quickly jumped to my feet and threw my arms around him, and placed my head on his chest. I felt him tense up instantly, but I didn't care he could deal with it. \"Thanks Ron\" I sighed, allowing his aftershave to fill my nose. I needed it, it smelt like home. \"It's fine\" he replied stiffly, before finally putting his arms around me tightly. The door opened again revealing a police officer and a doctor from Broadmoor, well here goes nothing. I gave Ron's hand one final squeeze before turning go leave. \"See you soon Ron, be good\" I smiled before leaving the room,and my life behind for now. \"Alexandria Susan Lea. I guess leopards really can't chance their spots, I must admit though in the nicest possible way I am sorry to see you back here\" my doctor admitted \"oh Alex, you attacked a doctor\" he said with a hint of disappointed in his voice. \"Yes, I attacked a doctor, two actually. And a nurse\" I hissed my eyes boring into his. \"We spoke about this Alex, you can't go round attacking pe..\" He started. \"Lily is dead! I screamed jumping to my feet \"they just watched as she died\" I continued sitting back down \"someone attacked her, the worse thing this attack was meant for me, it should have been me in that bed\" I finished at a whisper silent tears falling down my cheeks. Quickly I wiped the tears away frommy cheeks, as I set my eyes back on the doctors. A neutral expression on my face. \"So I would love to say I will serve my time here and leave to never rise my hand in violence again, but that would be a lie. Because when I get out I will hunt down Lily's attackers and I will make them pay\" I snarled, before placing my hands behind my head and leaning back on the chairs back legs. What will be will be, but I promised Lily I would take her attackers down, and take them down I will. This is merely a pitstop, they can breath while they still can, but when I get out of here I am putting them on notice. Alex Lea is coming for you.[Chapter 15] 18 months came and 18 months went, quickly followed by 2 years. My attitude was apparently to unpredictable for be realeassed yet, something that I did not take kindly to being told. Halfway though my 3rd year and I was starting to doubt ever getting out, that's when the best news I could get sailed into my ears. I was being released, all I have to do if play good girl I'd be home free before I knew it. I missed everyone terribly, my mum, Francis and of course Ronnie. It didn't help that I'd requested they didn't visit me after last episode, it had been nearly a year since I had seen anyone. My own fault though of cause, but now it would be ok. I'm going home. The following morning everything went as normal, an officer and a doctor arrived art call at 8:30 for excercise. I was led from my call to a small outside courtyard alone, I wasn't allowed to interact with the other inmates. The few times I had been allowed bones were broke, they were never my bones. I took to pacing around the small area, every now and then I'd glance at the young guard charged with watching me. He was new only been here a few weeks and he was terrified, I loved it. \"94620, your coming with me\" called a senior officer as she came to stand beside the kid. \"I prefer Alex, if you don't mind\" she smiled with sarcasm. \"I do mind and you'll be 94620 until you leave these premises which be soon. Your up for release. You have your interview with your therapist. Come on\" the guard snapped hottly. I grinned widely and clapped my hands with excitement, with a little hop I skipped over and put my hands out to be cuffed. The older officer rolled her eyes at me before grabbing my hands roughly, snapping the cuffs on and dragged me out of the yard and towards the offices. \"Hello Alex, nice to finally see you on good terms\" smiled my doctor as I say down, my eyes scanned the room the smkle not leaving my face. \"Hello doctor Nelson, nice to see you too\" I replied with a genuine smile. An hour and many questions later my face was beaming, doctor Nelson was signing my release forms. I going home. Within the next hour I had signed my own forms, collected my belongings and called a cab. I hadn't called anyone wanting to surprise them all. With two hours I was paying the driver and climbing out the taxi, I smiled softly and I took a deep breath. Felt good to breath the free air again. My eyes were drawn towards my mother's house, I thanked the driver and stepped forward and knocked. A few moments past before shuffling was heard, the door opened and a woman stood there. She looked like my mother, but older alot older. \"Alexandria\" she gasped before pulling me forward into a right but as years rolled down her face. \"Its ok, I'm here mum. I'm home\" I said sorry holding her tightly. The night I spent catching up with my mother, chatting about all the stuff I had missed. Before long she smiled happily at me before patting my knee, she excused herself and went to bed with a smile. At the point I had decided that I needed to see Ron, I needed to be sure he was ok. I run up to my room and quickly changed from my travel cloths into a green dress and heels, touching my mother's door as I passed it. I hurried down the stairs and out the front door, making sure I grabbed some money and keys. The first place I thought to check was the club, and wow was I glad I did. The first thing I noticed was how quiet the crowd was, the second thing I noticed was Ron on the stage, insulting the crowd. My eyes danced around the club quickly, taking everything in. This was bad. \"Alex!\" Yelled a voice, I turned my eyes back to the stage and smiled Ron made his way towrads me, a huge smile plastered on his face. He picked me up by the waist and down me round before hugging me tightly. \"Welcome home Alex\" he said happily into my hair. I smiled happily and returned his right embrace, things may seem wrong here but I was home.[Chapter 16] Lilian Patricia Lea 27th July 1940 - 10th August 1958 Loving daughter Devoted sister We will cherish and remember you Silent tears began to run tracks down my cheeks, as I laid a gloved hand on my twins grave stone. I knelt down slowly before and placed a gentle kiss on the top, before placing a bunch of calla lilies at its base \"I'm so sorry Lily, so very sorry\" I whispered \"I should have been there\" I sobbed wiping away a few tears. \"It's not your fault Alex\" came a soft voice behind me, I wiped the remaining tears away before turning, at the sight a offered a watery smile at the unexpected visitor. \"Hello Reggie\" I said softly. He stepped forward as I raised to my feet, he placed a strong hand on my shoulder in comfort. Something I wouldn't openly admit, but I needed. At the moment all my pent up tears and anger came gushing out, I allowed the years to pour from my bloodshot blue eyes. Reg quickly pulled me into his chest and wrapped his arms around me tightly, while gripped the back of his jacket like my life depended on it. \"What am I going to do Reg? I feel so lost\" I gasped burying my face into his chest. Reggie's grip tighten around my son slightly, and he rested his chin on top of my head. \"I am truly sorry Alex, but I promise. Lily will be Avenged\" he said quietly. \"Your right. Who ever did this I am going to find them, and I am going to kill them\" I muttered, my tears now dried. Leaving my eyes cold and hard. When Ifinally home, my mother said a man had stopped by the house with a letter for me, which she had placed on my dresser in my bedroom. This letter led me to my current situation situation, throwing cloths around my room looking for something to wear to the club. Ronnie had found the man who had set up Lily's attack, once I get that name I'll make him regret ever laying a eyes on Lily. Finally settling on something, I grabbed my shoes and raced down the stairs. \"I'm going out mum, I might be late so don't wait up\" I smiled as I kissed her cheek and left the house. I quickly walked towards the club, my pace quickening as I neared it. I offered the bouncer a happy smile, which he returned and moved aside to allow me entry. My eyes scanned the club and my smile dropped, the club was empty and it was Friday their busiest day. Reg was going to be livid. \"Finally. Someone that intense lunatic will listen too\" Leslie Payne snapped. \"Watch your mouth!\" I hissed \" he may be hard to handle at times but I call that man my friend. So if I were you I'd hold my tongue\" I growled before pushing past him. \"Hello Alex\" Teddy smiled as I neared, I smiled back and kissed his cheek before taking a seat beside him and smiling softly at Ron, a smile I was surprised got returned. At that moment Reg and Francis entered the club, my eyes danced around the club quickly in worry. My mind momentarily zoned out and the next thing I heard was Reg yelling across the club, the next few minutes were a blur, I knew they were talking but I wasn't taking it in. Suddenly without warning Reg grabbed Ron and three him across the club over a table, causing !e to jump to my feet. I knew it was dangerous on my part to interfere, so my main concern was Francis. The next thing I knew the twins were throwing punches and slaps at each other, I rushed over to Francis who grabbed my arm in a death grip. I patted her hand softly before turning back to the boys, just I'm time to see Ron pick up a glass bottle. Ron! No! Put that down!\" I yelled, causing Ron to growl loudly but put the bottle down. \"Francis you shouldreally get out of here\" I said turning to her, only to have her shake her head in refusal, her eyes not leaving the brothers. With a sign and a roll of the eyes I looked back to the boys, this wasn't going to end anytime soon. I grabbed Francis's hand and dragged her from the club, the last thing she needed to see was am all out brawl. \"You OK?\" I asked softly, she nodded quickly with a small half smile, before turning and walking away leaving me alone outside the club. I quickly re-entered the club to see Ron and Reg on the floor talking, I sighed heavily and leant against the bar. Reg climbed to his feet and glanced my way clearly looking for Francis, before helping Ron up. I sighed softly as Reg left the club and Ron made his way towards me, I offered him a cloth to clean his face and a pat on his shoulder in sympathy.[Chapter 17] Today I had the worst day I have ever had, like normal I went to the stables this afternoon to check on Lunar only to be met by the worst sight I could ever think of coming across. When I got the the farm I was met at the gates by the owner of the yard who looked more then a little upset, at this point she told me there had been an incident involving Lunar and I should prepare myself before I went to her. Clearly this put me instantly on edge and I rushed straight to her stable, the sight that followed will haunt me for the rest of my life Lunar had been attacked by a pack of dogs, let loose in the field by a group of men. Before the stable hands even realised the damage was done. Photos had been caught of the people in question though so they will be found. Lunar quickly began to face due to shock, blood loss and the extent of her injuries. At 7:30 this evening she lost her fight and she passed away. For this reason I won't be posting until next week while I get my head around this and come to terms to it. I'm really sorry if I'm letting anyone down but I will be back in a few days xx[Chapter 18] hi everyone, First things first let me apologise for disappearing like I did but my mind was not in the right frame of mind to write at all, also I would like to thank whowants2live4ever and EdwardAnthonyMasonCullen1918 for the kind words..they meant the world to me thank you. The people who were involved in Lunars attack have been caught, they went across to one of my neighbouring farms two days later where they keep sheep. Luckly the police were doing rounds to the farms in the area and they happened to pick the farm the police were visiting. So here is the next chapter...hope you enjoy xx I sat on my bed in my darkened room silently, my mind running in circles around itself. I couldn't stop thinking about the last words from Ronnie's mouth before we'd parted ways, it was driving me crazy. Simon Cross. The name of the an who had set up the attack on Lily, but why? I didn't know the name, would could he gain from setting up an attack? I couldn't latch onto a single thought as hard as I tried, angry tears began to form in the corners of my eyes; I was angry, frustrated and upset, as well as everything I'm between. I was lucky at this point that I'd put my empty glass down, otherwise there was a high chance it would have been thrown or crushed. Neither a highly good idea. I had a name, all I had to do now was find the bastard. I flopped back onto my bed and buried my face into one of my pillows, finally releasing a pent up scream in pain and rage. The next thing I remember my shoulder was being gently nudged, I groaned lightly before opening one eye a crack. I released another groan as said eye landed on a solum looking Francis, before sitting up and pushing my hair from my face. \"I really need to talk to you Alex\" she muttered. With a deep sigh I pushed myself up fully, looking her square in the eye. Obviously this couldn't wait until I woke up fully or maybe even until I was dressed. \"What do you need Francis?\" I asked, as I leaned across my bedside table and grabbed a pill bottle, I popped it open shook two out and threw them into my mouth with a big gulp. \"I don't know what to do about Reg? I love him, I really do...but...Ron... He keeps you know getting in the way\" she muttered, she seemed almost nervous to talk I'll of Ron to me. \"Do you remember what I told you years ago? About the bond twins share together? You can't get between that, it's unfair and cruel to even suggest splitting them up!\" I snapped my eyes flashing momentarily. Francis's eyes dropped instantly to the floor and her hands twitched in her lap, I watched her for a moment before becoming annoyed with her. \"Francis look I don't mean to be rude, but I'm tired, my head hurts and I am still coming to terms with Lily's death. I really want to be left alone\" I sighed before laying back down and face my back to her. I felt her weight leave my bed and her footsteps across my room, the door opened and then closed and she was gone. At the point I rolled onto my back and stared at the ceiling, my thoughts running around unchecked. Tears gathered again only this time they fell, I missed Lily so much it hurt, like part of me was gone. I climbed off my bed and crawled underneath it, pulling out a small box and sat it on my lap. I slowly peeled the kid off and placed it on the floor beside me, I pulled out a picture of me and Lily when we were younger and her favourite perfume. I sprayed it gently just before my face and closed my eyes allowing the scent to wash over me, this was the closet to having her here with me I'd get. The next few weeks were a whirlwind of emotions, dead ends and the occasional scrap, nothing to bad and I always had Ronnie over my shoulder if I needed him. The next thing I realised ivwas standing beside Ronnie in a bridesmaid dress, for Reggie and Francis's wedding. My arm was linked loosely though Ronnie's arm, and his hand !aid softly over mine as we spoke quietly with Reggie. He looked so happy and I knew Francis was beside herself with joy, as that thought hit my mind the music started, here's the bride. Reggie's face lit up instantly at the sight of her, while my arm tightened around Ronnie's arm. The ceremony was stunning, Francis beamed the whole way through. When the hymes began though I did notice her mother was refusing to sing, I glared at her heatedly and felt Ronnie leave my side. Looks like he'd noticed as well. \"Fucking sing!\" He yelled at her causing her to jump in her seat, Francis's eye quickly found mine with a small smile. I smiled back and sent her a cheeky wink as Ron returned to my side, like nothing had happened at all. Francis was a kray now she'd have to get use to this sort of behaviour from Ron, it'll take time but she'll get there I know it.[Chapter 19] After the wedding things returned to normal pretty quickly, the only real difference I noticed was that Ron was under my feet a lot more then he was before. \"I wonna ask you a question\" Ronnie said one morning, while we walked side by side towards the club. \"Go on then\" I replied, feeling a little confused. Ron never asked to do something. \"What's the deal with your dad? You never talk about him, and his never around\" he replied, his eyes staring start ahead. My insides froze up instantly, my eyes widened and my palms became sweaty. This was one topic I'd hoped to avoid, but Ron was too clever for avoidance tactics. \"There's not much to tell Ron, he left when I was about 13-14. He just wasn't the family kind of man, and didn't like the idea of settling. Not that it bothered me in the slightest, he was a foul father and an even worse husband's\" I ranted, my eyes flashing in anger. \"Why?\" Ron went on to ask. I took a deep breath a d held it for a moment before releasing it, Ron wouldn't let this lie. Best to do it quick, like a plaster. \"He was always a very angry man, who seemed to have a huge chip on his shoulder\" I began my eyes slowly starting to glaze over \"all I remember of him from my childhood was violence towards my mother, he would often come home drunk and take his anger out on her. On mine and Lilys 12th birthday our mother told us we were going to have a baby brother or sister, my father didn't like that and attacked her brutally. I remember stepping in and trying to help my mum, at that point he turned his aggression onto me. He beat me black and blue then left me for dead, then went to the pub. After that attack mum lost the baby and my father regularly turned his beatings on to me and Lily as well. Finally my mum took us and ran, leaving him behind. After that I vowed never to be a victim again, I haven't spoken to him since we left. He has tried to apologise on a number of occasions, sent letters and such; but I'm not interested, Lily spoke to him though\" I concluded. Before either of us could utter another word, I felt the air knocked out of my lungs. I fell backwards and was caught by Ron, I scowled angrily and glared after the retreating figure. My eyes widened in rage as I recognised him, Martin. I jumped from Ron's arms and sprinted after him, I was determined to know exactly what involvement he had. \"Alex! Reggie!\" Called Ronnie, well least now I knew why the rat was running Reg had cornered him. I pushed myself a little harder and managed to kick the back of his heel causing him to stumble, quickly taking the opportunity I grabbed the back of his jacket and dragged him to the floor with me. I was suddenly yanked up and I soan with an arm raised ready to strike, but quickly put it down when I realised it was Reg. He pulled Martin off the floor, before dragging him away from the street into an alleyway where I followed. Reg grabbed him by the shoulders roughly before slamming him against the wall, while I stood watching with my arms crossed as Ron appeared at my shoulder. \"Right! Talk!\" Reg demanded, slamming Martin against the wall again. Martin's eyes danced between Ron, Reg and I, almost like he was looking for an escape route. I scowled at him angrily, as Ron placed his hand on my shoulder. \"It would be in your best interests to give us what we want Martin\" Ron snarled before stepping forward, dragging me with him. His eyes began to danced around again, the panic clear I'm his face. I rolled my own eyes in annoyance, I stepped forward and under Regs arm so I was stood right in front of Martin. I pushed some dark hair from before face slowly, then quick as a flash my hand shot up and grabbed his ear; before pulling him down to my level as he whimpered in pain. \"You tell me right not what you know about my sister's attack, or I'll tear your ear clean off. Am I understood?\" I snarled angrily. \"I payed someone to take you out Alex, Lily was collateral damage\" he gasped as my grip on his ear tightened. \"Collateral damage!\" I roared, before grabbing his other ear and slammed the back of his head into the wall behind him. I roughly threw him to the floor before straddling him, I rained fists down into his face until he was unrecognisable. I felt one of the brothers pull my off him as he began to gasp for air, as I was dragged away I felt tears of fury falling down my cheeks. Collateral damage. My chest heaved as adrenaline coursed though my veins, one brother on either side of me. Suddenly a thought hit me like a truck. Had I just killed Martin?[Chapter 20] It didn't take long for the news to break about Martin's attack, and it didn't take long for the police to start sniffing around. The attack hadn't killed him which I was highly relieved about, though he had really angered and I had a reputation for fighting; I wasn't a killer. The other subject that had been playing at the forefront of my mind was my mother, Ronnie had told me something was not right with her while I had been away; and in the few weeks I had been home I had noticed a significant difference in her, she had become slow and redrawn. The healthy glow that I always remember radiating around her was gone, while her normally rich looking chestnut coloured hair let limp and lifeless against her head and shoulders. When ever the subject was brought up I received the same speech, I am perfectly fine by darling Alexandria. I had voiced my concerns to Francis, hoping to get some comfort but she had been a little distant herself lately. Everyone around me was going on with their lives, while I sat and wished for my sister and prayed my mother was ok. It seemed as though I was being punished for my past misgivings, when was someone, anyone notice I was drowning. As much as I put a brave face on in public, when I was alone I reverted back to the scared little girl I once was who cried herself to sleep. Only now, Lily wouldn't come seeking comfort. Weeks past and I watched my mother slowly begin to waste away before my eyes, something was happening to her and I had no idea what it now to stop it. That was when I found a letter my mother had forgotten to put away, a doctors letter. A letter confirming she had a disease so deadly there was no way she would survive. Cancer. June15th 1957, the night my mother slipped away quietly in her sleep. The night the last remaining threads of my sanity snapped, had I not suffered enough? Had I not lost enough? I couldn't take it, my mind was taken over by pure rage and the house around me was destroyed. By the time I had finished it looked like a war zone, I sat in the middle of the living room my eyes burning from tears and my chest heaving. Everything was gone, I had nothing left. My blood shot eyes glanced around the room, landing on the last cup of tea my mother had drunk, and the book she had been reading she would never finish. A painful son escaped my mouth as I heard the front door open and close, I didn't even have the energy to move to see who it was. \"Alex? Mrs Lea?\" Called the voice of Ronnie \"I heard some smashing and shouting thought I'd make sure you...\" he stopped as he stepped over smashed ornamates and broken furniture into the living room. \"Alex?\" He asked as he rushed forward, only then did I notice Reggie over his shoulder. \"She's gone\" I whispered as I pulled my knees into my chest and rested my chin on them, my blue eyes glassy and glazed. \"She's gone\" I repeated \"apparently Lily was enough, so they stole my mother as well\" I gasped before jumping up as Ron went to place a hand on me \"it's not fair!\" I screamed before putting my foot though an old antique case. I pushed past Ronnie and Reggie, smashing things as I walked towards the back of the house. Yanking the back door open I stepped out and feel to my knees, a loud pain filled scream escaped my mouth. I couldn't take this, my mother and Lily had been my world and now they were gone. Footsteps stopped behind me and teo pairs of hands touched my shoulders as they shook, I raised my own hands and placed them over the hands gently. \"We are so sorry Alex, do you want us to arrange for her body to be taken to the hospital?\" Reg asked. I nodded silently as I was pulled to my feet by Ron, I felt myself pulled into a tight embrace as Reg disappeared to make some arrangements. You'll stay with me for a few days\" Ronnie said as he lead my towards the front door and out of the house, everything Ioved about that house gone and now I was leaving there aswel. I felt it slip away as both very left the house.[Chapter 21] Things didn't feel right, i didn't feel right. Everything just felt wrong, and I didn't like it. As he promised I had stayed at Ronnies for the last two days, not that I was the best company to be around at the moment. I couldn't shake the feeling that I was next, i was living on borrowed time. My whole world was crumbling around me and I couldn't stop it, I didn't know how it. On top of that Francis had began to pull away From me, i barely saw her anymore; even when I did she seemed like her mind was else where. She either didn't realise how desperately I needed her, or she just didn't care and that thought stung. Ron and Reg had both tried to help me the best they could, but I was way beyond their help now. Not that I didn't appreciate their efforts though. Something had tripped in my mind, the trigger that told me right from wrong has flicked itself off. I no longer cared, there was no one left who needed my protection. Lily was gone, mum was gone and Francis had Reg. There was nothing stopping me from taking Ronnies gun and hunting down the son of a bitch who'd killed Lily. Before I have a signal my legs began to move on their own accord, carrying me to the place I knew Ron his his gun. Slowly I pulled the drawer open and peered inside, only for my features to scowl in confustion. It wasn't there, the fun was gone. Next thing I knew someone, i couldn't remember who, was telling me Ronnie had shot and killed George Cornell in the blind beggar pub. That certainly explained the missing gun I suppose, but if he'd killed Cornell in the pub that must mean people will have seen him do it, Reg was going to lose his mind. For the first time in two days I had a rational thought, i had to find Ronnie. If course my first thought was his mothers, he has told she was always his first stop when .himself into trouble. So I grabbed a coat and the key he had given me before dashing out of the door, leaving the man who'd told me behind. Hopefully I'd find Ronnie before his brother. I raced from the appartment and flat out sprinted in the direction of Violet Krays house, with any luck I could beat Reg there and talk to Ron first. I finally slowed as I reached the her street, i quickly walked by door after door until I stopped outside the Krays childhood home. Quickly I tried to catch my breath from my long run before raising my hand to knock, before I could the door flew open to reveal Violet Kray stood there smiling sweetly. \"Hello Alex dear\" Violet smiled, i smiled in return gently before remembering why i was there. \"Hello Mrs Kray, i don't suppose Ronnie is here is he?\" I asked gently. \"Oh Alex dear, please it's Violet I insist, and yes he is just arrived in fact. Come on I'll take you though\" she smiled. She stepped back from the door and allowed me past, before ushering me into the living. She placed a hand on my shoulder before offering me a cuppa, which I accepted with a smile. \"Ron dear, Alex is here\" his mother said as she led me into the living room where Ron was sat eating cake, i drowned at him slightly and he offered me a small smirk. \"Welcome Alex, take a seat. You know Teddy\" he welcomed, i smiled softly at Teddy before sitting opposite Ron and waiting for his mother to leave the room. \"What an earth were you thinking Ronnie? You shot a man in pure daylight in the middle of a pub?\" I snapped in a whisper, my blue eyes boring into his brown ones. He grumbled something under his breath that I didn't catch before putting more cake into his mouth, i scowled at him with intent until Violet returned when I dropped my scowl and smiled and thanked her as she passed me a cup of tea. She once again shuffled back into the kitchen muttering giving me a chance to grill Ron, only to hear the front door open and close causing me to sigh and close my eyes in worry, Reggie. He suddenly appeared from the front door and assesed the residents in the room, his eyes lingered on me a little longer then the others. Almost like he was checking me over, looking for cracks in my armour or tracks of tears. When she found nothing he returned his gaze into his brother, that glare was enough to scare the dead. My thoughts went back into itself as the brothers quietly bicker amongst themselves, until a gentle hand on my shoulder. My eyes focused and looked up into the kind face of Violet, she smiled softly she must have asked me something. \"Are you ok dear?\" She asked giving my shoulder a gentle squeeze, i smiled before nodding and jumping to my feet and taking my empty cup in the kitchen and returning to the living. \"I really need to speak to you when you are sorted Ron\" I said give him.a stern look before smiling at the other occupants of the room and taking my leave. We all had to cross our fingers and pray that they wouldn't point Ron out when the police got , if they did I didn't know what would happen.[Chapter 22] Sunlight blared though my curtains, waking me from my restless slumber. I say up in bed feeling exhausted, with a soft groan I rolled over my bed and allowedmy feetto hit the floor. Slowly I passed across my room and pulled the door open, before shuffling across the landing into the bathroom with tired eyes. I rubbed my face roughly then glanced into the mirror, that sight that met me caused my eyes to shoot open wide and my eyebrows to disappear into my hair line. My face was covered in splattered blood, looking down to my hands that we're in the same state. Quickly wasting the blood from my skin, i checked myself over for any sign of injury. Finding none I returned to my room feeling a little confused, i closed my door gently and leaned against it. Only then did I notice the letter sat on my bedside table, as I stepped towards it I noticed it was written in my hand. Alex, I knew i would not recall my movements from last night, so i am writing them down so I will. Last night I attacked a man, i attacked him so brutality I am not even sure if I left him breathing. The man's name Simon Cross. A hand reached up and covered my mouth as I read, I'd attacked someone last night. I didn't remember doing it, which means I must have been blind with rage. If I had gone after Cross I wouldn't have gone alone, one or both of the twins would have gone with me. I needed to talk to them. \"Ah Alex, there you are dear. I was wondering when you would emerge\" Ron smiled as he answered the door to my knock. \"What happened last night Ronnie?\" I asked instantly. \"You'd better come in\" he replied and moved so I could pass him into his apartment. I stepped into the hallway and allowed him to take my jacket before stepping into the living room, i smiled softly as Reggie and Teddy came into view. \"Morning Alex\" Teddy nodded, i nodded in return with a soft smile as Ron placed his hands on my upper arms and pushed me forward. \"Now about last night my little Alex\" Ronnie said as he lead me into a seat by Reggie while he sat the other side. \"You turned up here last night asking for some help, obviously with it being you we agreed to help you. We left the appartment together but it was only after we left that we both noticed something different about you. Your eyes were so dark almost black, and you had an almost rigid stance to you. It was then you told us you knew where Simon Cross was, but he wouldn't be alone which is why you'd called on us\" Ronnie said, as I drank his words in greedily. \"To cut a long story short you hunted him down, when you finally came face to face. Your movements became almost animalistic and you launched a brutal attack on him. When you'd finished you left him in a pool of is own blood. We tried to stop you numerous time, but you were beyond reasoning\" Reggie explained. My eyes welled up with years and my mind began to run around itself, I'd only ever blacked out in rage once before. The only reason the person I'd attacked that night wasn't dead was because Lily was there to calm me down. This time there was no Lily, and I couldn't be calmed. What if this time they weren't so lucky. My mind began to face over different sernieros and ideas, my mind slowly beginning to cloud over my eyes quickly following. \"We'll sort it Alex. What ever comes of it we will sort it\" Reg said softly patting my knee gently. Ronnie had shot someone dead in a pub, I'd potentially beaten someone to death. What was becoming of us? On the up side when Ron was pulled up for a police line up for Cornell's murder, he wasn't pointed out. Me on the other hand, if someone has seen me attack Cross I would be In front of the judge quicker than a flash. I didn't have the same influence as the twins did, nor their intimidating presence. As these thoughts flew though my mind I turned and glanced at the boys, only then did I notice the sadness and lost look in Reggies eyes. \"Reggie?\" I asked quietly, he turned at my voice \"what's wrong?\" I asked gently. \"Francis had left me\" he replied stiffly before leaving the room with haste. I narrowed my eyes slightly when I thought back, only realising then that I hadn't actually seen her in a few days. I quickly jumped to my feet and made a bee-line for the kitchen, where I knew Reggie had headed. I found him leaning over the sink with his back to me, his shoulders shaking slightly. \"Reg, I am so sorry\" I said as I stepped forward and wrapped my arms around him, resting my head on his back. His shaking intensified as he turned and wrapped his arms around me, as he sobbed quietly. That was the first time I ever saw Reggie Kray cry, and get I let him.[Chapter 23] Sorry I have been MIA for so long, it has been one thing after another and my head has been spinning again very sorry and this chapter is in two parts. Rage, pure blind rage. That was the only thing I felt, he had some serious nerves that's for sure. I'd found a envelope say propped against my front door, inside that envelope was a note. You failed you crazy bitch My turn, Cross. I say at the kitchen table my eyes closed, the letter scrunched in my tensed hand. To make matters worse today was my mothers funeral, i was desperately trying to keep calm but I was failing horribly. A knock at my front door caught my attention and my head slowly moved to look at it, it wasn't into the knock sounded again didI love to answer it. I dropped the letter on the table, and headed towards the door. \"Morning Ronnie\" I sighed as my eyes landed on him. She smiled softly at me before stepping around me into the house. \"You'll ride with Reggie and myself today, we don't what you being harrsed\" he said as he patted my shoulder before walking down the hall towards the kitchen. \"To late for that Ronnie 'ole' boy\" I said as I followed Ronnie into the kitchen, where I found him reading the crumbled note from the table. He's eyes found mine as they narrowed in anger, he threw the letter back onto the table and stepped forward; gently placing his hands in my upper arms and bending to he could look me in the eye. \"If he tries anything today..\" he started. \"If he tries anything today I'll tear him apart\" I snarled softly. Ronnie offered me a stiff smile before patting my shoulder and quickly passing me, taking a deep breath I compossed myself and grabbed my veiled hat from the table, gently placing it on my head of dark hair and pulled the veil over my face. I'd be damned if anyone other then family saw me cry. I followed Ronnie though my house to the front door where he stopped, he turned to me with a sad smile and stepped forward pulling me into a tight embrace. Not many people could say Ronnie Kray had put his arms around you in a comforting way rather then a threatening one. With a deep breath I stepped out of his arms and offered him a small smile before moving around him and opened the door, Reggie turned at the sound where he was stood besides a large black car. My eyes were instantly drawn towards a black horse drawn carriage, lead by 4 black horses they would take my mother to her final resting place. I blinked quickly to try and stop the tears that threatened to fall and stepped out of the house towards Reg, he took my hand gently and was me towards the car opening the car and climbing in after me, leaving Ronnie to walk around the car and climnb in the other side. Suddenly I began to remember why I was currently say in this car and my chest tightened, my hands automatically reached for the twins, who both took a hand gave it a gentle squeeze. \"We're right here Alex\" Reggie said softly, I gave him a watery smile as the car moved forward following the carriage. The service was lovely and I managed to keep the tears at bay, but I wasn't sure how much longer I could hold it together. The vicar smiled softly at me as he finished his pieces and invited me up to say a piece for my mother. I stood slowly and straightened my dress beofre walking to the front of the church and turned to look at the people who has come to say their farewells. \"When Lily and I were born and placed in our mothers arms, the doctors told her she'd have to watch us, and watch us she did. She watched us fail numerous times and succeed, she dusted us off when we fell and fixed out grazed knees. She was the prefect mother and did anything and everything to be sure my sister and I were ok. As you know I lost my sister Lily a little over 4 years ago and I have some nothing but worry for her since. Well Lils you got mum to watch over you now your going to be ok, i don't need to worry for you now. I love you mum and I will miss you everyday of my life until we meet again\" I felt heard slowly start to gather in the corner of my eyes, Ronnie starting to move caught my eye. But before he could I found myself pulled into someone's arms, i instantly tensed and went to pull away. Until I recognised my comforter and I returned the embrace, Violet Kray.[Chapter 24] I am so sorry this has taken so long, here is the second part to the last chapter. Hope you enjoy xx JUST A WARNING THERE IS SOME VIOLENCE AND MURDER IN THIS CHAPTER After the ceremony the twins invited everyone back to the club, so we could celebrate my mother'slife. Once there I was stopped constantly by people I didn't know, telling me how sorry they were and how lovely a person my mother had been. I probably would have appreciated it a little more if I'd known half of them, there had only been a handful of people at the actual service. So many of these had tagged along afterwards for the drinks. Also Ron and Reg had demanded I was not to buy any drinks because I had a tab they'd pick up afterwards, as much as I knew they cared I wished they wouldn't fuss so much. \"Your mother really was a saint dear, with a heart of pure gold. She had time for everyone\" Violet smiled softly while holding my hands tightly. \"Thankyou Violet, she was an amazing woman\" I replied with a teary smile. Suddenly movement to my left caught my attention followed by a scuffle, i turned to see what the problem was and instantly saw red. He was here, Simon Cross. He had the nerve to turn up here now, when I was at my most vunuerable, but Certainly not my weakest. He had planned this thinking I'd be in no state to fight or defend myself, well he couldn't be more wrong. A fight was the very thing I needed. \"At least now she is dead she doesn't have to deal with her failure of a daughter. Fancy that one dead daughter and one dead beat one \" he yelled ovet the music abd people, his eyes found me and he smirked widely, before strolling out of the club like he owned it. \"Excuse me Violet\" I forced out politely, before side stepping her and stalking in the direction hehe'd left. \"Alex! Wait!\" I heard someone shout, i glanced across and saw Ron and Reg watching me Frances stood behind them. I shook my head angrily and pushed on quicker, Cross was mine and this time I'd make sure he didn't breath another word. I stepped out of the club and breathed in the crisp cool air as I looked around, no sign of him. A few people where scattered around here and there, but no Cross. Then I spotted him across the road glaring at me with a sick smile on his face. If he thought witnesses could save him now, he was deadly mistaken. \"Who would have guessed you wake up this morning to bury your mother and they'll end the day planning to bury you\" he sneered as I neared him \"At least your tart of a sister doesn't have to watch the great and powerful Alex Lea fall...because you are going to fall Alex and I will be the one to take you down\" he roared before rushing the rest of the way towards me. Before I could even react he knocked me clean off my feet and flat onto my back, instantly winding me. I took two big gulps of air and tried to regain my breath, when a weight suddenly fell onto my legs and Simons Dave appeared over mine. \"I'm going to enjoy this\" he smiled with a smug expression,before he rained two hard fists into my face, followed by gasps from onlookers and calls for Ron and Reg. I felt my nose explode and gush with blood instantly, which in turn made my eyes water. A gurgled moan escaped my mouth as it slowly filled with blood, i snarled angrily at the smug expression on his face. He thought he'd won, when things had only just started. I pulled my arm back and smashed my elbow into his throat causing him to gag for air, while releasing his hold on my legs. Then I pushed him back and pulled my legs out from under him, coiling up I kicked forward with all my night hitting him square in the chest with both feet sending him backwards on to the floor. I quickly climbed to my feet and flat a mouthful of blood from my mouth, as Cross also climbed to his feet. \"You picked the wrong day to piss me off!\" I growled before grabbing a bottle from a man who had come over to check on me. \"Alex!\" Called a voice behind me, whether it was Ron or Reg I wasn't sure, but it made Cross take his eyes off me and that was my moment. I lunged forward and smashed the bottle into the side of his face causing it to shatter. I then took the sharp jaggered bottle and rammed it twice into his throat, before kicking his legs out from under him. I watched him fall to the floor, motionless. Lifeless. \"I win\" I snarled before throwing the bottle to go side and staggered slightly. A hand grabbed my shoulder and I instantly span with a bloody fist raised, only to have it caught by Reggie. \"Alex, you gotta get out of here. Too many eyes\" he said quietly, his eyes dancing around the spectators \"we'll deal with him\" \"What you all staring at!? I'm your way\" Ron yelled causing people to jump into action leave the area. Leaving me with the opportunity to walk away uninterrupted with a spring in my step, I'd finally kept my last promise. I had dealt with Lilys killer, if I went to jail for this at least I went with my promise fulfilled.[Chapter 25] this chapter is written differently completely too how I've been writing, this is a little look into Alex's past and into her mind. It is also written in 3rd person. The next chapter will return to normal. Age 3: Two sisters chased each other laughing widely and yelling in excitment when they caught each other, identical twins the same in every way physically. This was Alex Lea's earliest memory, happily playing with her sister before her mental conditions began to take over. Age 5: Alex and Lily Lea had everything they ever needed, plus their mother wrapped around their tiny fingers. There was only one problem they ever felt the need to worry about, that was when daddy started shouted and smacked their mum. They also met their oldest friend this year, Francis Shay. Age 10: This was the age when things started to change for the Lea twins, Alex had her first street fight and for the first time she felt the need to protect Lily. She needed the thrill of a scrap and wasn't happy unless she had it, this was the age that she learnt Lily was not a fighter and she took on the role of number one protector. Age 14: Alex had her first run in with with the police, she'd had a fight with an older boy and broken his nose. That older boy just so happened to be the son of the chief of police. She received a slap on the wrist and her parents were slapped with a nasty fine, a fine that her father didn't let her forget. Age 16: Alex was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder, she isolates herself from everyone except Lily. She develops a reputation for fighting, rarely losing and making a mess of her opponents. Age18: By this time Alex trusts no one, even Lily occasionally. Their childhood friend Francis had drifted into the background when Alex's behaviour become partically unstable, but it didnt take long for her to return to the twins. Age 19: Alex found the right medicine to help stabilise herself, she finally felt some what human. Though she knew she would always be watched over for her condition she refused to be controlled by it. Alex sat in her mother's living room as the past drifted over her, she remembered fondly playing tag with Lily and Francis, while always watching out for them both like a mother hen. She grew to become some what of a protector for the pair, because no matter how unsettled or blindly angry she became she never once turned it on them growing up. A bottle of vodka sat on the table besides her, three thirds of it gone. She may have settled Lilys demons, but hers were still very much alive. She couldn't shake the feeling something was wrong, no matter how hard she tried. It was late that night when a knock at the door had her throwing a dressing gown on and rushing down stairs, it was never good news if a call came in the middle of the night. She was right to be concerned, very right. Francis had killed herself. ","Summary":" \"Will you please promise me one thing won't you Alex?\" My closest friend asked as I sipped tea qu"}]